The MOSS upgrade did no dependency check.
What's with the advertisement-laden link?
Yeah... I acknowledged this in the question....
And you check that produces faster code?
i still get a undefined error:
I agree for a general case, but if you're doing a one-off script to parse one or two very specific things out, a regex can just make life easier.  Obviously more fragile, but if maintainability is a non-issue then it's not a concern.  That said, BeautifulSoup is fantastic.
Iain,
Or maybe none of us is strong enough to work at that company, a very real possibility
Did you mean to link to something...?
Thanks for the advice - I've come across that title so many times that I went ahead and bought it this time.
So spammers use bots with Javascript enabled. 
That is my feeling about the state of things now-a-days, but it always seems like an argument you are not going to with with a DBA for some reason or another.
We'll be releasing an FTP server soon with a COM API and a REST HTTP API, but unfortunately it won't be released for about a month.  http:www.vwsolutions.com.  The product is called Null FTP.
Right, my comments were for SqlClient specifically.  The point is, you need to understand the classes you are using.  Always calling Dispose isn't necessarily the right answer.
Brilliant, thank you. I wish I could acceptmerge both answers.
We may disagree on the use of Mocks, but this was a very nice writeup of  unit testing best practices.
Nice, that's the best defence I've heard today. :-P
This is invalid code, according to C++98 3.6.1.3 The function main shall not be used within a program. <languagenazi>
Doesn't this just tell me the maximum number of connections that I will allow on the database, not the maximum that it has achieved???
Nice solution with code sample - Cheers.  I'd say this is real close to what I'm looking for.
Additionally, regarding transactions, my preference is generally to isolate those to the server side.  My tendency is to believe that will scale better, although I cannot prove that claim.
Even if it's not for php, Notepad++ needs to be in every coder's toolkit.  I use it for php, xml, javascript, config files, and gasp note taking.
PNGGauntlet is a nice Windows GUI for PNGOUT that could also be used for removing the gamma from PNGs. http:brh.numbera.comsoftwarepnggauntlet
someone with enough rep should edit the answer...
Well, Moose moved away from it for Class::MOP, so I could add some make the XS optional bits that would've been painful to do in MI. And that is the crux of (one reason) why I don't like MI. It's a very narrow API, and customizing it is even more painful than dealing with EUMM.
Threading can be done in much simpler way: http:otl.17slon.com
Thanks, I'll take a look at it
Use SortedList if you want hashtable type lookups as well as arraylist style sequence ordering. Someone has already posted a code snippet.
It would be cool to be able to monkey patch Java.
I guess I thought idiomatic meant the best way as opposed to just an arbitrary standard. But I guess a best way is subject to context.
Yeah, but in this instance I expect bad or missing data...so that hit I have to live with.  Question:  Given the other suggestions, I assume that I could bypass that by checking the itemCount at the lowest scope
I would say that it is a partially random number. Some parts of it are not random at all.
You need to think about the order of your content, though. Especially with CSS positioning, it should be in the order that makes sense if you're reading from top to bottom. In that case, it seems that it should be the first example, not the second, but it could be debated either way.
What about the problem of the string output  0.00 not being interpreted properly by the browser as the   symbol is a bit wonky in HTML, don't we want to output &pound0.00?
I think you're right... Exposing a RoutedEvent from the UserControl seams like the most obvious solution... However, I haven't given up on  executing arbitrary storyboards based on data just yet.. But thanks for input!
Well you're missing one thing, there isn't just one 'delta', there's two. The left and right of a span has different values added, specifically the right has a larger value added than the left.
I don't think that they're redundant though, you are keeping the controls and the event handlers essentially co-located in the same place. This could (depending on the code layout) lead to better readability of the code etc. Its just that all the work is done elsewhere!
You came to the same solution as I did. Trying first the sendNotification, recieveNotification mechanism would get much to complicated. The observer pattern fits perfect and a central controller makes more sense.
I also have tried VB6 and VS2005 on same machine without problem but my this VB6 requires service pack 6 and VS debugger is not working with visual service pack 6 , any idea ?
I'm not using Spring MVC, just the IOC
You should be using a list comprehension or generator expressions, not filter + lambda. One of these will 99.9 of the time be faster. ''.join(s for s in myStr if s in string.printable)
A reference to a lexical works fine, due to the magic involved when you assign a reference to a typeglob.  Try it: perl -MTie::Hash -wle'sub foo  local(foo); foo = [0]; tie foo, Tie::StdHash or die; return  my foo; foo(foo); print tied foo'
You might want to clarify what you mean with better.
Nothing that very basic testing could not solve.
The different between  => 1 and ,1 is purely stylistic. Personally I prefer => as it seems to indicate the keyvalue link more explicitly. Your hasharray = 1 solution doesn't work. Only one of the values (the one associated with the first key in array) gets set to 1.
Just noticed that you're now calculating pow(2,n). This can be done in a single CPU instruction on most platforms with 1 << n, except that you must range-check n first, since 1 << 32 is undefined behaviour.
I just caught that, Firefox doesn't preform spell checking on the title field for some reason.
That doesn't fix it, and making it auto actually breaks things more in IE.  :( Thanks, though.
It's better than a couple of assembler operations - it's just one add or subtract (depending on which direction your stack grows).
Open up the dump file in a text editor, it's fairly easy to pick through, if there are any using statements, then its of multiple databases, if there are none, you'll have to add one at the top before you can run that command.
I'm pretty sure java and .net handle webservice configuration differently but there is still some good info there.
I didn't get the acronym DFS - it's been awhile since I sat in a classroom.
I used recursion once in my career, and when the framework changed, I got rid of it.  80 of what we do is CRUD.
What i mean is - instead of writing 'else if( window.external )' do a new if so you also get it added as a bookmark
Good thinking - I guess that's one of the advantages of something like Python where indentation does have syntactical value.
Stored procedures are always better.  The solutions given by the others are fine, but yes, in general, sending the database as much information as your client can to return as little information as you need is generally good, and it really doesn't matter if the client is separate machine than server
I did not even know that function. neat :)
sounds reasonable. updated my post.
Links? Technical jargon? READING? WTF? ;) Seriously though, good link, but a little summary would be nice.
hashtable -> map. (Hash tables do not support efficient sub-range iteration.)
The int class:member type is a pointer to a member int, not a member function
ASCIIEncoding only works for the lower range of 1-127.
i check that. this is not an option for me. customers might not have internet connectivity.
This doesn't appear to be formatted correctly - 5 has been combined with 6. Also it doesn't help that in the original question, 8 and 9 are combined and need separating out. I don't have sufficient rep to edit the posts otherwise I would!
Well, the image needs to be scaled to be more or less squared, but I guess OpenGL could take care of that.
It's bad practice to change the user's chosen settings based on YOUR preferences. It's better to find out how to use the APIs to get the behavior you desire in the right way.
No, this is a bad idea. Your deployment needs to be 1-click; with just FTP, you won't have the database backend setup.
Just got around to trying this, it doesn't work:
Your answer looks like what I thought we should be doing, but like you said I'm not really sure which is better, which is why I figured I'd open it up to voting here.
        : excellent point. Addressed
Why in the world would you use a table?
It's in the .NET 2.0 version of System.Web
Orion - the stack traces were taken directly from VS2008. I traced the function calls to four levels of recursion and did a cut and paste.
What if the (re)creation of an object is much slower than a key->value lookup?  Not every constructor is mostly memory initializations.
Let me try to say this another way: you aren't naming a function bar any more than i'm naming 3 three. You're just assigning a literal to a variable, and that variable can be re-assigned to anything else at any time. Perhaps your confusion comes out of a misunderstanding of the . operator?
And would be annoying to apply to all you validators.
no - the issue isn't getting files from external repos, it's getting only certain files from a single repo.
Works great! Especially when one has a 100 million rows to run through!
If people don't read dialogs, they won't look at icons either. The problem is that users are innundated with mostly pointless dialogs during they day so they have become desensitized to them. Fancy icons won't do a thing.
Thanks for that info, I have updated the answer to reflect this.
Well, then, it would seem my solution is in excess.  Didn't know that about Java's character (my I18n work was done for EQ in C++).  Nice chat. :)
Can you post sample code? I don't see why this shouldn't work...maybe I am missing something though
David - I'd prefer the program to fail fast so I can be made aware of the problem rather that leave the program running in an unknown state.
So, it's weakly and statically typed?
oops... not sure this works ... did you mean LibraryBook or Library?
thanks, but while prettier, it made no difference
your ayy either is quoted (and therefore incorrect) or it's not (and therefore there's an erroneous  at the end)
It is possible but very cumbersome to do so.
If Delphi let you initialize a variable at the same point as you declare it (e.g. var fObject: TObject = nil) I'd be inclined to agree that initializing to a value is probably a good idea.  But to me it seems a bit much to do it in the constructor for every object field.
Thanks for you answer. Adding items to SendTo folder was not the point of question. Also I really don't want to implement twice (Outlook and Notes).
I don't have any experience with NAnt, what does it offer over the top of MSBuild?
Also, do you need to guarantee that it runs?
It is comforting to hear that (re: learning curve).  :-)
I had begun to look at that encoding and thought man! wth is that?! and read up on it but did see or know if there was an alternative.  Bri says to look into the MVC framework and I probably will.  Thx!
No, but it can switch between Mono and .NET : )
Smells like Homework
Thanks, but sadly after the repository is upgraded, Subversion doesn't do any commands anymore, not even `log` or `status`, so your solution won't work.
Strictly speaking, your code assumes you're dealing with a listvector. If you dealt with an arbitrary collection, you'd first have to extract all of its items into a listvectorarray which could be quite expensive. This is because the usual shuffling algorithms work only on listsarrays.
Excel 2003 doesn't pop up the wizard.
It's a great thing to implement into your site in general to handle this problem. I am however also waiting for a more natural solution to you question
I fixed most of your question, please try a little harder to be understandable in the future, it will help people to answer your questions.
Not a problem - it's quite handy!
Basicly what is accomplished by introducing the SMASH definition is that ir.h goes from being some random characters that the preoprocessor tries to tokenize to being a macro symbol.
Tried this. Didn't work.
Sorry.  External vbs file.
That works! BTW, are you sure that it will be exactly the same?
Do you mean BigDecimal? BigInteger is integer only, not arbitrary-precision.
Yup, it wont do exactly what I asked for there but I will do what I need.
No problem. FYI, I just searched for Java WMI and there are a lot of articles out there.
This is not true. There are multiple implementations of Ruby and Python that support true parallel threads: XRuby, Ruby.NET, JRuby, IronRuby, Jython, IronPython, and possibly others.
I did say I think a lot.  Are you running Pocket PC 2003 or Windows Mobile, or are you actually running the old Windows CE 4?
I think the enum needs to inherit from int does it not?
This is an answer. I was actually wondering if there is a generic solution to this problem. For example if I want to find all UNIQ lines in a file in place, I can't do -o
sharedptr<> is overkill if you own the object and are never going to give shared ownership up. Simplify with std::autoptr<>
Fairly random is one way of describing a Guid i guess... I suppose it depends on how many lives-of-the-universe you expect your system to be running for!
fails on from table10 ... from table 100 ... from table NI. 
As a question: just calling Timer(callback, state, dueTime, period).Start() may result in the timer being GC'd, so I still have to keep the Timer object?
I'd just do right click on a tab and choose close all but this - then you've only got one left to close with Ctrl+F4
Since you have the accepted answer, it would be nice to also mention the `item in set()` operation for completeness.
Can you add a code example of what you mean? Isn't this one of the 'bad ideas' above?
Yes, it does. Thanks.
That's not it since the delete doesn't fail, rowcount is 1 after the delete.
I think that's what gamecat is suggesting.
well, there isn't too many ways to do that
Sounds good, though I think you'd want ((depth - 1)  frequency), assuming the size of the replacement is equal to that of one character (though question says one byte).  Should run in O(c) where c is the total number of characters.
Agree with Torlack, the post decrement will happen after the assignment...
This was essentially handing them the questions and me going away for an hour.  The idea being they'd have time to think, and internet access to look stuff up.  So no opportunity for them to figure out 2 after a discussion of 1...
I agree that strong typing is a nice things. However databinding usually relies on textual names. Usually you setup via some kind of GUI, or in config file (XAML for example). Though your solution is very cool!
the google code project seems to be the same code as the one from bytearray.
By the way, the word valid is misspelled.
First: `find YOURDIR -type d  sort -r` is too much trouble. You want `find YOURDIR -depth -type d`.  
Good points, but unfortunately sqlite doesn't have real support for Foreign key enforcement.
I have tried various linear algebra libraries for use as 2d data (maps) but they are not convenient to use for non-linear algebra purposes nor faster than a vector of vectors. UBLAS (and others) is only fast for multiplication and other 'typical' matrix usages, not so much for accessing.
The answer is YES. Enough said.
Another side note: This only works with sed versions >= 4, smaller versions do not support in place editing.
This only works if all members are marked [Serializable]
What do you mean with 'when'? What data do you want to store in memcache?
I've followed those directions and unchecked the 'Confirm open after download' in the File Type dialog.  The file still opens in a browser window.
Halfthor: I don't know any. Btw. I take exception at polls not so much because a lot of them are about poll whoring, but because polling is simply not what stackoverflow is about.
Thanks Jon.  One of the hardest parts about Linq so far is figuring out what you can and can't do.  I'll definitely take a look at your Push technique once I get a bit more comfortable with the standard methodology.
The XmlTextWriter inherits from the XmlWriter Class. In principle the output vehicle (textstream etc) is decoupled from the writing part. XmlWriter.Create was introduced in .NET 2.0 and is the preferred way of making XML writers. See the remarks section in the msdn doc of XmlWriter.Create.
found a comprehensive (and better) explanation, for further reading:
Excel doesn't have the dropdown AFAIK
I've no experience with 3.5 so couldn't comment on ListView but I don't see the problem with the Repeater control, you can use whatever tags you choose and have several 'sub-controls' to generate your own markup as well.
I was working on a similar reply, but you beat me to it ;-)
My concern now is how it handles something like &amp;amp; ?  Will it encode the ampersand, or is it smart enough to know it's already encoded? And what if you have both in the same bit of text?  I'll do some testing and have a result later this afternoon.
Is the java web service SOAPWSDL? Is it using any WS- extensions like WS-Security?
The only problem is, you also have to account for the loop overhead if you're serious about getting an accurate timing.
This is just right.  Pick a project that you actually use and like.  There might be other projects with easier-to-understand code, but you'll have no fun if you start out by working on a project that doesn't interest you.
I suggest adding a code block around your code, so that it doesn't show up in one line.
I'm not so sure about this... I believe it's still easier to reconstruct your own past mental states than someone else's past mental states.
Well son of a gun.   I thought I tried that but could only get numeric entries to work.  But sure enough, it works.
It's about semantics. You could perfectly well get rid of almost every single tag in HTML and use nothing but div, span and styleclass attributes. But you remove all semantic value from the document by doing so.
Thanks Sergio. I think you've convinced me that the status quo can remain.
No, it is not related to a specific form. I can check on the experts. But i have a rather clean ide (only a code formatter installed).
Why did you take out the COM error code?
Do you have a link to such a style-guide?
What about games, servers and graphical applications? His example is indicative of at least a game or a graphical application. Exceptions are slow: very, very slow.
Yes I found a copy in the PIA directory as well. Our app doesn't use office components; and this still doesn't explain the behavior we are seeing!
Yeah, Firebug in Firefox allows for this too.
Aaaaah...the best place for constant propagation would be at link-time, no? Is this listing pre- or post-link?
Of course you could consider write for other people to read as the one reason.
I think this would be impossible with the condition that changes to the structure of the db are not allowed
Essentially, you are searching on filepath and then within that you are picking the 30 largest files (using LIMIT and ORDER BY).  So you are essentially searching on two columns at the same time.  If both pieces of data you are searching on is available in the index together, searching is fast.
I'm paid by clock cycle -- it could be important.
File::Find does not do things as optimally as it could. It ignores any return from wanted, so you can't stop it from traversing parts of the tree you don't need, if that were even possible, because it gathers all the paths first and returns them to you all at once.
Doh. Thanks, fixed.
int? is just a C compiler shorthand for Nullable<int>.
Thanks for the tips!
I think this should be possible using win32ui and ctypes.  I found that I can get the mouse position with windll.user32.GetCursorPos(pointer(ptstruct)) (For details: http:monkut.webfactional.comblogarchive2008102python-win-mouse-position )
can you run shell commands in scripts on the server?
If the host has a custom 404 handler enabled this won't work, e.g. http:www.microsoft.comthisisamadeuppage
Is there a reason you are using a ListView instead of a GridView?
Rob Walker: The sad reality is that 1 user in 7 chooses their username as password. As soon as there is anything at stake on the site (even things of no monetary value), people will complain if their account gets hacked. Had this happen on a 100k user site. :-(
Right, Oracle fails to comply with the SQL standard in this case.  The OP was asking about MySQL, however, which does correctly distinguish between NULL and ''.
How is this a programming question?
He knows where it is; your solution is a friggen jackhammer where a tack hammer would do.
This appears to be the case and the correct solution. I awarded the answer to Jonathan as he was the first to respond.
cuz i'm looking to find out about the use of greediness vs negated character classes. doing something else wouldn't answer the question.
can you try it with out the () that jj33 mentions?
btw, PERFORMANT is not a word.
SQLTeam.com also has had recent posts about partitioning and automating maintenance: http:weblogs.sqlteam.com.
Mike,
As Wikipedia says, it can also mean Not Available (well known from ICQ).
If you want your code to appear, all the '<' and  the '>' in your code must be replaced with < or >
not quite, it complains about a var a not being imported, which leaves you almost as clueless as before if you aren't aware of the issue. And you could have an a array declared before, that would get even more confusing. Also, see my other contribution to the thread :)
Eh, I just really like the way Pylons does routing. Web.py does it even better in my opinion, though Django wins out for everything else.
In a real life application, you'd probably make sending an e-mail the last step :)
Yeah, it must be the mini server that VS provides... but you'd think it would know where it's getting the files from.
List<T> throws an ArgumentException, which is more appropriate
Two thoughts: first, you should clear mLock so that a double Dispose() doesn't cause issues (unlikely, but...)
It would probably be useful to do the compile with LCALL=C so that gcc outputs ordinary quotes, rather than extended characters.
lol being marked down... does that mean programming is easy and all this effort I've gone to has been a waste?! Wowzers!
I doubt this. Why should it be easier? ALTER TABLE x DROP COLUMN y is the same on both tables. And updating your program is the same, too. Where's the bar-gain?
Interesting, I hadn't come across databinding yet (I'm still fairly new to C development). I'll have to check it out.
This should not be the accepted answer simply because it does not answer the question asked. this question should remain without an accepted answer until one is found.
This is the right answer when the resource in question has a single owner and never has references to it stolen by other code.
Sending the algoritm with the message is not a great idea, its too hard to do right. This could lead to downgrade attacks, not pretty. SSL3 prevents this, but it was a common attack in SSL2.
It isn't perfect, but, as far as I know, with BSD sockets there is no way to unlisten without losing the socket, and no way to send a close without first getting that socket handle for the connection with an accept.  If this doesn't work, then Dave will need a new socket library.
any way, not anyway
1) I have an ADO dependent codebase.  Not interested in switching.
Wow - it's so simple...
Well i was searching for a way to do something like C++ partial template specialization. But it seems C currently can't do that (not even with tricks).
When you say mentor - do you feel that you are able to give good answers in regards to e.g. architecture for 5-10 projects at a time, e.g. during a week?
Thanks for the clarification Alf!
I don't understand. If your STL objects are not shared across threads, why would it matter whether or not an interlocked increment was used?
Dynamic SQL can also get query plans, it's a myth (true at one time in the past), that only stored procs get the query plans.
Serik: You are transposing NHibernate with sprocs for one, and I don't think you actually understand what sprocs are. It might be beneficial if you ask a broader question inviting a little education on sprocs instead.
It's the InputStream which should change to a subclass (not tested).
Is there a specific reason that you're using CDATA? In other words, might it be possible to pass that information in an element (or multiple elements) that you could add to your schema definition?
What I don't get is if he's got wi-fi access to the device from his laptop in the car, why is it so important that he retreive the device?
I agree it may be very useful but I don't believe that it's a unit test in the sense that passing means you have no deadlocks or race conditions.
As pointed out by fizzer, it's undefined behaviour.  Never good.
As would I. I thought I had a solution at one point, but it didn't hold up.
This is proof-positive that the universe was created by being with 13 fingers (the question and answer actually match in base 13).
EBGreen - I don't know, the WMI route may be useful for someone else in future, there's more than one way to skin a cat, and all that....
Yes, my solution is only usable when every customer have their own installation of the application. Perhaps I misunderstood...
Additionally, this is better practice because it's keeping the behavior logic out of the presentation logic. If it's not HTML, then it doesn't belong in a .html file.
Roskoto, it's not a problem exactly, it just doesn't semantically match what I'm trying to do.  I'm not creating an enumeration, i'm creating a single named constant.  Also, I can't use the same method for floats, so I'd rather be consistent and just use `static const` in both cases.
Is the type in the currently executing assembly?  The OP didn't specify.
Would you prefer have only usrinclude in your include path and use include <STLwhatever.h>, or have also usrincludeSDL and then use <whatever.h>? (Please, answer in your post, not as a comment)
 Terminus: You are infact wrong. Assigning to a variable more than once in a statement is undefined behavior. To prevent this you need to use the ';' to seporate them into different statements.
By reading your responses to other questions related to Cocoa memory management, it seems you have a firm grasp of the subject.  It puzzles me why you have such difficulty understanding such a simple idea.
LOL, the general tragedy is something I've seen many times. But BufferedEnumator does deserve special mention :)
.. or a loop. There's no real reason to use recursion here.
Also, i'd rather not hide the css class names that i'll be assigning too much from the web-designer.
No, I have 6 DBs with more than 40 tables each and some tables have more than 5 million rows. Delete is just almost impossible. Thanks
Realtors have been using faxed copies of signatures to sell houses.  I think a digital signature is legally binding.  Is that what you mean by a signature's value?
It would be great if you would mark one of the answers as answered. That is after all one of the major points of SO :)
I've accepted this as the answer because its what worked for me in the end, but I think all of the other answers are very useful.  By the way, this tool is more commonly called SciTech's Mem Profiler!
Also, can we assume the use of any Javascript framework like Prototype or jQuery?
Excellent point!
Scratch that, wrap set to off does disable the wrap.  But now the line is being truncated.  !
Actually, no.  I was just trying to be proactive with some new development.  Great info though.
I'm talking about developers, maintainers, and perhaps testers reading the code.  They use these docs to fix bugs, make enhancements or features, or to get a high level understanding of the system.
No support for (gasp) Foreign Keys?  me looks at calendar... what decade do these people think they are in?
Thanks Jeremy! That does the trick.
Character to digit mappings are consistent within each country where they are in wide use (or, stating the same: in countries where there is no consistent mapping, phone numbers will not be represented as letters). Since the country code is available, you also can identify which mapping is needed.
Your clarification just adds more confusion.  Are the extra items being passed an important part of this or not?  If not, the first half of my answer is what you want.  If they are, this is a very special case, handled by the second half of my answer.
I do not have any t-sql transaction code in any of my stored procedures.  In theory, the transaction should be controlled by the MyAddUpdateMethod()
I should check.  I'm using drupal's jsonservice modulue.
Why is XHTML significant in uploading a file?
Can this concern be mitigated by having the OR mapper access the database through views instead of tables?
If you silently close this way, your code does no error handling if close throws an exception. Many streams (like the BufferedOutputStream) write data on close.
In terms of parameters or db design (or both?)   :-)
I've tried it, and it works, even if has some glitches; for example, it doesn't seem to support queries shorter than 3 chars. Anyway, a good compromise.
sounds like a good solution, I'll try it out
Oh, you're right. Then,
POSIX makes a distinction between a semaphore shared by threads, and a semaphore shared by processes.
It doesn't work either. See my answer.
I really need to take the time to learn SSIS. I hear good things about it, but there definitely is more of a learning curve to it than there was for DTS.
Can you make you code more like actual code? For instance, s.toCharArray() instead of s.toCharArray. Further more, your first implementation seems to miss a few characterslines
If you are right... I vote for the last part of your comment (not well phrased question) ;)
Even using SESSION in the above example will give the same result, ie the variable gets reset at end of script execution. Kinda weird for a session variable.
Perhaps you'd like to check this question I've asked specifically about how to handle this task with UTF8 strings (not an universal solution, though). http:stackoverflow.comquestions199260reversing-a-utf-8-string-in-place
Normally I would expect repaint on the top level container to be sufficient. However, this sounds like it may be a timing issue related to threading (unfortunately), as suggested by Bill K.
Actually, LINQ generally adds overhead - however, it will be so marginal (especially in this case) as to barely matter. In this case, it adds a delegate invoke per item and a number of stack hops. I wouldn't lose any sleep - 2 for me ;-p
This is fine to get you up and running, but consider calling a method of your own that caches the headers and footers.
This is more a note-to-self post than a question, but maybe others will find it useful. Hopefully, I'll learn something new too.
This won't give a particularly close normal (the tails or end-points will not be close to the real normal distribution).  Box-Muller is better, as others have suggested.
Close, but not quite there.  I suppose it depends on how you structure your assembliesclasses, but it would be more elegant to minimise the number of classes given access using friend. FOr example in a utilityhelper assembly, not all classes should have access to internal members.
I don't think I need to host webkit
That's exactly how the Get's were written!
Apache 2.2 (I'll update the question to mention this)
I think you mean INNER JOIN section s ON s.id=ats.sectionid
Pittsburgh DBA: I saw that but read it differently...as ColA, ColB, and ColC are all columns in the table not that they were the full set of columns in the table. Either way, the information in my response is still relevant (but in this specific case, it's a wash.)
Well, the actual hidden feature here is mechanism used to implement GOTO.
Doesn't work. I have try on an other file and it works. But Nunit doesn't. I have error CF001 : could not open the file for writing. The file is not read only...
Yeah, but in a business environment (which I guess I should've specified) one might be in contact with a customerclient for a few daysweeks either solving a problem or settling on a dealagreement and in that case most recent is more relevant than most often.
in hindsight, calcGypotenuseLength and vekrotSum is equal in this regard... i was thinking of the pythagorean part...
The preprocessor handles thme fine (the include command doesn't care) the problem is that the intelisense does it's own parsing and doesn't know they are headers.
upvote for scrawled drawings
Do you encourage software architects to be coders as well? Your answer suggests that architecture and coding, although related, do not necessarily overlap.
You may be right, I haven't actually tried it.
I understand the point about 403. Personally (in this sort of situation, where the files should never be served), I'd much rather they didn't know the directories even existed though. I'll try out the AliasMatch too. This was what I managed to glean from Google, I'm always happy for better solutions
That doesn't work because CallNextHookEx takes a HHOOK parameter (returned from SetWindowsHookEx).
Ruby strings are a mutable array of bytes.  Absolutely drives me nuts that you can change them in-place.
How is that complex?
someone has a fascination with octopi.. and really bad James Bond movies.. :)
Debugging LINQ is a topic all by itself, and an important one.  I think the greatest weakness of LINQ is that it lets you write blocks of arbitrarily complex logic that you can't step through.
this turned out to be my issue. I was installing it without Vista SP1. After 2 hours of updating - just to geto the SP1 - .. after SP1 was installed 3.5 installed without any issues. Thanks
How is that homepage.pt being used or picked up by Plone?
My guess would be TraumaPony's referring to this book (or its predecessor): http:www.amazon.comFramework-Design-Guidelines-Conventions-Developmentdp0321545613ref=pdbbssr1?ie=UTF8&s=books&qid=1224484809&sr=8-1
I hate releasing a flood of answers to one question, but you're right, the question does ask for one-command-per-answer.
Make that 3 in 3 minutes! I guess that can only mean we've got it right ;-)
You might have better luck with as a wiki question.
Thank you, but I have to give an ItemsControl to the ContainerFromElement function. Where did I get the ItemsControl for the selected item?
Agreed that NHibernate works well with compound keys.
+1 for a good idea, but I use this on development machines too, just to help them keep looking clean whenif I happen to be browsing around directory structures and such.
Ok, how about a Windows add in for the Browser like Snag-It, which can capture the picture, and save it or post it to a site?  Is that possible?
thanks. I was looking for something like Spry's loadInterval option for jQuery, but this would do just great. Again, thanks.
I am just suggesting an other solution. Instead of repeating what have been suggested already 10 times here.
I think the question presumes that quicksort alone is not fast enough. Sure, this rarely occurs, but the question is what would I do if it did occur, not tell me to get back to work writing boring, easy code to cover boring, easy cases ;-)
Upvote the answer if you also like DBISAM
Is it homework week?
I haven't verified the workaround, but he's definitely right on IF statements ...
I saw that too, but I do not like it. It seems like a gaping hole to me.
Looking at the code with a debugger like ollydbg shows that they aren't aligned to page boundaries. However, there is probably some padding (a little) added to make changes of a larger size possible.
You're missing a closing quote there...
If I knew beforehand wich index would match every entry then yes, but thats the purpouse of a hash function isn't it? So given an object, I don't need to know it's index.
I also ran this service in a web application and console application and received the same The remote server returned an error: (401) Unauthorized for both tests.
What is a state specific IP address in the first place? US states? HTTP states? TCP connection states?
I do need international payments, and instant payments are a huge plus (for use with the IPN)
I've done this before. It's a pain, but it seems to be about the only way around it.
For reading, the translation works the opposite of what you describe - converting rn to n.
No, not necessarily, you would need to return focus (actually the term here is correctly z-order) to your app.
Right, that is exactly the problem, what is thread.yield?  Its not a method on the Thread class?  At least not in 3.5.
Hey, Pretty cool...I've not seen that function.  I have learned something new today:D
We're not worried about compression coming from the server. We're worried about compression going TO the server. I've edited my question to reflect this.
This in combination with the thoughtbot rails plugin Shoulda, makes it quite easy to run a setup and teardown on a subgroup of test methods, keeping your test code DRY.
Thanks. Your point is correct. In my case, we are usually contracted to cover very particular needsimplementation so, reuse of the code that is particular to a client s need is usually not possible for other clients. Which IS reused in any case are our own libraries.
i don't get it.  your bad experiece was because of the virtual server infrastructure, or because of Linux?  you plan to use EC2Win because it's amazon, or because it's not linux?
That applications shouldn't be connecting to the DB. They should be connecting to a service layer.
It means that there's little point in looking at it as a tree - it makes more sense to look at any one attempt as a set of flips instead of a path of flips. IMO, anyway :) Working out all possible sets is easier than working out all possible paths.
It's supported by other browsers because any feature that gets a modicum of widespread use will become a compatibility bug for other browser.  If a site uses a feature that only exists in one browser, the site is broken in all others, and typically users think that it's the browser that is broken.
In the case of writes you will never need extra padding. You just will have to re-compress both blocks who share the boundary that is crossed.  This is because there is no API that will insert data into a position of a file.
It might not work, but it is the solution. I'd mark the above answer as the answer to the question, because there's no better one coming. :)
Many of us have been there.  Some good advice below.  Good luck.
ofc I have that book, but it takes a lot of time and experience to be able to fully apply knowledge you can find there. Anyway, thx for tip.
Or http header at least, for a get.
..that's an if...
Although it is Java - CC has a .Net variant too.
interestingly, arrays get cast to 1. go figure.
http:www.db4o.com ? an opensource object oriented database
Please give a list of invalid emails.
Firstly I'm going to have to use SSL for the requests (which is fine), but it doesn't stop a user logging into the API from a non iPhone device and submitting forged requests.
I've tried several different ways to organise my notes. I've tried OneNote, I've tried index cards, I've tried sticky notes, I've tried Notepad.
No, the syntax ('<address><address>') creates a new address element which can then be used to replace the p.
And that's all I have to say about that... :)
S.Lott: Ordinary functions in Python are not that different. `def f(): return i` You don't know what `i` really is regardless function or lambda is considered.
You install the marker file last, and you can name it DONOTDELETE.ME or something if you're concerned about users who probably don't belong anywhere near the Program Files folder... Alternatively you can check the registry to see if there is a standard uninstall entry for your app (AddRemove Progs)
Does mysql support MINUS?
If there aren't ANY indexes on the tables as the OP states, statistics aren't useful. He's stuck with a full table scan. Otherwise, good point.
I think he did mean StringBuilder, nothing else.
call get(foo.id) and then merge(foo)
meador: Take a look at Ruby. :)
This is bad that most documentation and page of their website are in TO DO. :
I've decided to go for DOM, since it's implemented in another languages. I think it will be a better investment of my time.
Worked, thank you
You want a sum of the greater column values for each row
log in to the server via SSH and run svn update. You could also set up a PHP script to do that for you, but you might have issues with permissions on the files, since it'll be running as the apache user or something.
k thanks! that's what i thought just wanted to confirm!
Seems almost exact duplicate of http:stackoverflow.comquestions246422how-can-i-deploy-an-iphone-application-from-xcode-to-real-iphone-device ?
can't linq it's a .net 2.0 project
I've also had the this[string] property come up in this scenario. I had a class with a string indexer, and then wanted to implement IDataErrorInfo. Same problem - I had to implement the string indexer for the error explicitly.
Yep, need to know the formatdatatype of the 'time' column to write the query.
there is also strdupa() (in the GNU C library), a nice function that is similar to strdup(), but allocates memory on the stack. Your program don't need to free the memory explicitly as in case with strdup(), it will be freed automatically when you exit the function where strdupa() was called
Thanks also for the hint for multithreading.
It depends on how often you need the GPA's.  If you need them a lot you're adding a lot of extra computation time.  Once a term is over the GPA for that term can be pre-calcuated and stored off for easierfasterlighter retrieval.
Two possibilities. 1. You say that DataResult is immutable. Is it safe to assume that values are set by the constructor and there are no set methods? 2. Your equals and hashcode aren't working as you expect. Can you post up the code for those two?
Interesting... that's something I hadn't considered before but you're right. However, how often do you export raw binary data like that? It seems like something that one would rarely do (unless perhaps your coding in C). Isn't using a serialization library typically a better choice?
My WFH is a child of another WPF control in a tree that includes the main wpf window.  Dispose on the WFH is never called.
No it will not print, for ultimate compatibility, use rn
How do you find It's in a string that only contains Is?  I'd fix it for you, but I don't know which single-quoteescape conventions apply in the language you're using.
It then goes on to say A different (better?) way to avoid unnecessary column reads, at least for read-only transactions is to use the projection features of HQL or Criteria queries. This avoids the need for buildtime bytecode processing and is certainly a preferred solution.
A set dont allow dupes...
ok, but I'm still not excited! Generics I'm excited about because I can see 100s of places I can use them. Anonymous methods still leave me cold.
For the last couple of revisions Office apps have been multi-SDI (which means they let the desktop serve as the MDI container). In order to placate people who cannot bear change there is a configuration switch to turn them back into MDI apps, but I have never seen it used.
Which language is that?  Is it Pascal?  And the negated ABS is a little odd; unless you are making a connection (for which there is, sadly, at least one positive error), all error numbers in Informix are negative.
Alnitak, OK, I dug up a talk that explains all sorts of REQUEST attacks more eloquently than I. :) http:www.slideshare.netZendConlesser-known-security-problems-in-php-applications-presentation
And then there's most... :-)
I will take a look it sounds interesting although we are running RHEL servers and I dont think they run ruby :(
This contains more information about code security, and not network configuration.
This is an interesting POV, and is probably the one that the C designers had in mind. I will think of static members in a different way from now on.
Gerald Wow where did you work? ;-)
Captchas are really annoying, so good for you for looking for an alternative. I especially hate stupid captchas (like the one on the SO blog) that cannot remember I passed the human test last time and keeps presenting them to me every time I post.
Why not? A byte array can be represented however you want.
I thought it was required to force the implicit conversion to bool: Instead it's redundant. Thanks
Thanks, sorted it on my work machine and will do on my home machine later today!
Okay so long as there are no unbalanced s in comments or strings... And relies on being able to identify a method's start.
OK, that doesn't really help, but I'll try a second answer anyway :-)
Doh! toLowerCase. Doh!
+1 insightful. Sadly, my issorted implementation (that came with a fairly old gcc version (3.4.x) is woefully basic). Besides, isn't the memory bandwidth the limiting factor for such a simple loop ?
IEE 754 64-bit doubles only have about 18 digits precision anyway so, if you get up into numbers where multiplying by 1000 will cause overflow (about 10^304), you can be certain that there are zero decimals in the representation.
I thought that was short-circuiting, not lazy evaluation.
A good operating system, should zero out all those allocated blocks as a security measure.  I noted Novell Netware doing that circa 1989, so by now, all should.
Average is a key point it might take 100 :)
There are certainly special rules - as per the spec. But it's fascinating to ask why those rules exist :)
Thanks this really showed the number correctly :)
The government rents office space...what's the difference?
You're right actually, it works for me if I put it into a dummy page with only the code listed above. It must be something else about the page. I'll amend my question with more info. Thanks for your help.
+1:  There are no absolutes (even this statement!).
While that would work, I'd like to do this in Objective-C if possible.
Thanks, thats also a good idea, but for now atan2 seems to do the job for me :)
As a suggestion I think for greater robustness you need to treat all the operations as the equivalent of an SQL transaction.  For example, what happens to the overall dictionary state in Add(), if the firstToSecond.Add() throws an exception?
cfeduke: thanks for pointing me to InternalsVisibleToAttribute!
Nice job!  Didn't try it though... You copied the string key in the ArgumentNullException for value  ;)
I tried doing that, but still I couldn't get it working. The manifest file generated showed dependencies to both 8.0.50608.0 and 8.0.50727.762. Could this be because of some libraries were compiled with dependencies to 8.0.50727.762?
thaks, good answer too
You could take a mixed approach, and use ORM when you are doing simple operations like single row create,read,update,deletes (CRUD), but go to straight SQL when you need to do more complex operations.
Depending on how we go, there might just be something that we can offer Boost, but i would feel ashamed of the code! Mind you the community could sharpen it up!
IP won't necessarily give the correct answer. I have a client who use a single site for all network connectivity (direct pipes from one site to another) so all of them are coming from a CST IP regardless of where they're actually at.
No, it does work - we just need to do two comparisons (a == b is the same as not(a < b) and not(b < a)).
Also, if you are sending stuff across the network you will always set the alignment to be packed. That way you get as few extra padding bytes as possible.
What?             .
That's really strange... I get the proper character here. What symbol are you getting?
sep61: if it did not, there would be no reason for TCP to use PMTUD. Discovering the PMTU has a cost, but the implementors of TCP felt the benefits justfied the costs.
can you post a small snippet of a test case that exhibits this behaviour?
You can do much the same trick with VS6, as I recall you basically do something like: msdev.exe solution.sln - the msdev.exe being the same as the visual studio app
How about updating your question to describe your use case.  What do you want to do? What do you want the system to do in response? The pictures are just pictures, and -- obviously -- hard to interpret into a use case.  Don't say what you don't want.  Say what you want.
Any chance you could post your RDL?
I know some variations of nix allow it, but linux definitely doesn't allow hard links to directories. I believe it is mostly because there is no sane way to set the parent inode of the directory since it would have to real parents.
Thanks! This is exactly the kind of example I was looking for to get me started. (Now why didn't I find that the last N times I tried to google myself and answer?)
I want a list of all the properties explicitly implemented by TempClass
Of course. I have changed the extension. Try it for yourself.
Please edit that to Here's some bad code that accidentally works at levels less than -O3.  Sure you clarified it later, but your first line misleads readers of this discussion.
Martin, it seems to work with Visual Studio 2005: 0x41a is successfully converted to 0xd0, 0x9a UTF-8 sequence.
Tomcat is a servlet container :)
It's not an O(n) space requirement.  It's an O(N) additional space requirement, where N is how many things you actually need to sort.  I'm guessing N is small wrt n.
I wouldn't use the ignore case flag in this particular case.  Testing could reveal that the P and the O should be capital, and the box should be either case.  Using regex syntax is more flexible to change.
actually it was complete, but the less than in the for loop was interpreted as a tag... just changed it to <
I'm creating an embed object in the DOM with src=error.wav, hidden=true, and autostart=true.  The sound plays, but only after the queue clears.
ValidateEmptyText does the trick, but I wonder why it was not a problem last year. Has the behavior of ValidateEmptyText changed? If not, my default value must have changed.
You deserve the check for starting all this.  :)
It looks simple enough, the server can use C++ code, just it's currently written in all C, I intend to change that though.
... thanks for the input though!
Others have asked, and I will repeat, please give a complete program (as small as possible) which causes you trouble.  Hard code inputs if need be.
Yeah, it was an excellent suggestion :) I've even written Automator actions for some of my apps and I still forget about it in times like this :)
Man, how come I can't find these prior questions when I search? This is like the 6th time it's happened.
db in this case is the DataContext for my Linq to SQL class.
GalacticCowboy, I'm quite certian that you're wrong.  Note that the query that I proposed should use the built in FK relationships for the joins.  I'm not using db on each line.  See here:http:stackoverflow.comquestions283103linq-to-sql-foreign-keys
I see, that makes sense. Do you have the answer you need between all of these?
Tom - Does JDBC translate the SQL before it reaches the server?  Does it do any rewriting of full-qualified object names or the USE statement?
LOL...I haven't used command line for a looooong time, all my programming is now javascript, asp.net, c and sql.
In that case I'll let you off the function definitions, but even a beginner's course should be clear on the difference between a class declaration and a class definition, and that header files frequently contain class definitions.
The original poster said they were using C 2.0, not 3.0.
IMHO, functional does not necessarily bring us any closer to NLP, and that's just as well - natural language is fairly useless when you want precision and consistency.
And of course this makes semantic sense too, because you want to compare the Identifiers rather than the Locations
Cheers, But I fixed it by using the (document).ready() method. Changing triggers the blockUI method and when the postback is completed it gets unblocked :)
Can we use the code in extensionoverflow on CodePlex?
Apparently.  I work for a direct marketing company so work a lot with address correction and standardization.  Did you find something that worked for you?
I looked into the YUI stuff, but it doesn't seem quite flexible enough - I could only workout how to have ~700px, ~900px and 100 width columns?
Hmm... I used synchronized (this) around the += stuff but am still getting unpredictable results...
What is wrong?
That really depends on the code, imo. Imagine something like:
Blankman: No, it should be AND NOT EXISTS because you are changing from IF NOT ( A OR B ) to IF (NOT A) AND (NOT B).  See DeMorgan's laws: http:en.wikipedia.orgwikiDeMorgan27slaws
I wonder how many total programmer hours have been spent on trying to disable the back button. Has to be millions and millions, if not billions.
gbjbaanb : it depends how deep the relationship heirarchy goes. It might not just be columns in a single table, but a sequence of joins to other tables.
thanks! that unattended-upgrades utility was nice.
This approach would be perfect as all I need to ensure then is that I don't have Caps Lock on when I enter vim from another window.
Yes, that was what I meant.  An acrobat can exhibit impressive artistry, skill, and talent.  But often there are easier ways to get from point A to point B.
Yes, I agree but I wanted to know if there's a way to re-run it recursively? Otherwise it becomes difficult to predict the nested tags numbersnames...
Actually, Greenfoot, by the same people, is perfect for an 8 year old.
Using cmd.AddWithValue(id, employee.ID); is much terser.
Is H.COL3 in the SELECT field list? Some databases are fussy like that.
also - just as when fixing errors, often fixing a couple near the top fixes a slew of cascaded ones down below :)
I suppose it depends on whether a mod op or a mult op is faster on your system.
Yikes. Reflector tells me that Process.Start() is very complex. Would have to clone it just to set that single flag. Too much work at this time.
http:en.wikipedia.orgwikiEnumeratedtypeAda
but if the 'hacker' got the user's password and email address, then the user's already completely hosed, and they'd be in the same position regardless of this change I'm talking about?
See http:stackoverflow.comquestions301766php5-get-variables for why I'm using clone, thanks.
Each search result is actually more than a pair, it is a set of three to five colors, which typically include good choices for foregroundbackground color.
On Windows a directory with extensions modules (e.g. rng.pyd) must be in PATH. Maybe Mac OS X has similar requirements?
I do pretty much that now, but don't you think that we should code right from the start, or do things ok and then refractoring and applying design practices is more advantageous?
I'm bleary on the details, but as I understand it, if you don't charge the rate for the shipping location, you have to justify why you didn't for every single order at the end of the year.  Whereas if you charge the destination rate, you can just say sales tax was this much total on the form.
I don't know details but I would ask yourself a question is it part of my application state - then put it there.
You don't actually need the braces after FOO:
See Marc's comment on my answer.  You can declare a synthesized property as dynamic and specify your own accessormutator method(s).
Yes we planning to access it via browser. We have windows XP for deployment, at a time max of 50 people will be accessing this application.
The question is trying to focus on the process, not the feature set of the application.
Isn't applicationx-www-form-urlencoded the same thing?
What happens when you vardump() your mysqlistmt object?
No, position is static by default - so you can't use left or top. Also, your logo div + the 4 images is too wide for 800px, so they're wrapping
This can be complex, depending on how interconnected these dependencies are.  The only easy solution is to make the class sealed.
Did you try enumerating the env vars as I suggested?
I will answer with another question.
CVS isn't great by today's standards (SVN addresses most of its limitations), but it's vasty superior to VSS in terms of robustness, performance, security, portability, feature set and just about every other worthwhile metric.
MCS - thanks for the heads-up; I fixed the code sample.
Hi Aaron,
Thanks for the idea but I need to be able to compare specific fields but this will be useful somewhere else in our app. Thanks again!
You're welcome!  :-)
oh c'mon -- this is better than any of this month's hottest questions:
Correct Unkwntech; see edit in question.
Can you explain a little more about how you are going to control the instantiation of objects from your factory? In our plugin design, we have an extensive config file system that describes how objects are to be loaded and the object hierarchy.
hm... if you vote me down, maybe you could give me a reason?!?!
Unreasonable downvote. +1
troelskn: where do you draw the line for what's appropriate to store in a database?  In any case, the filesystem is a database.
smells like a factory of a single type. good suggestion.
Yup - I realised Brian's answer was essentially the same, but thought I could still bring some extra value. I really don't care that much who gets the rep :)
Your file system is optimized for - guess what? - reads and writes, without the overhead of indexing, locking (other than file-level locks), etc.
sorry I might have been a bit hasty assuming he wanted to pirate a movie. How do I reopen a question?
I thought I was special for doing this -- glad I'm not the only one!
Have you tried the 10 or so lines of code to try this?
see also http:stackoverflow.comquestions267215to-azure-or-not-to-azure and http:stackoverflow.comquestions240455what-is-windows-azure
would you please elaborate?
Just an FYI, The above linked post is returning a 404 (oh the irony). 
Thanks for Elegant Answer :).
You need to get value by reference, so it needs to be function useDefault(&value, default = '')
just in case you wonder what's wrong: p.html() gets the html content of the first matched element. You'd have to use this approach using p.each(...);
It's a better argument for AgileScrum style development. Not that TDD is bad, just this has very little to do with it.
also often the shortest - which makes it easier to read the structure:
The code as shown will never reach newRed, both because of integer truncation and an off-by-one error. Better to restructure as currentRed = oldRed + ((i  (newRed - oldRed))  (steps - 1).
I liked the asnwers that I got here better.  Yes, it's the same question at heart, but notice the differance in the answers.
You need to pass strings to your function. You're passing variables. Try: onclick=sbox('test1', 'test2'); return false;
Also IPC resources like semaphores and shared memory.  http:uw714doc.sco.comenSDKsysprogGettingSemaphores.htmlipci8
i clarified the issue above. thanks for pointing that out. what other ways could you handle something like this?
Correct, your interpretation is exactly right
Hi Ben, these are standard UITableViewCell cells. I haven't done any subclassing for complex cells. The line does move with the cell and it's only in one cell, for Jane Aba. My other fictitious characters do not have the strike through.
Where do you place the center? Probably near the centroid but I bet I could come up with situations where the center of that circle had an important impact on whether you find the correct GLD or not.
Thanks for the links. The management wishes to have their employees using their branded e-mail! So, using any free services are ruled out.
Then I get an undefined index articleno error
This works, but is inefficient.  There's no need to check at every position that .asp cannot be matched.  We only need to do the check at the end.
Yes server on which the application is hosted can see internet, but due to a security issues I need to do everything through http.
Command line tool of xmllint works very well.  
thank you, this worked quite well
This device is an abomination and has no place in today's world of high-speed large-address-space computers. Sure, it's cool, in a nerdy sort of way, but incredibly unnecessary.
or Is it possible to query a recordset
Just tried the following sql but I get a Too few parameters. Expected 1. error message on the Execute line. SQL: DELETE FROM NewsletterSubscribers WHERE CustID IN (select CustID from [ & strDBPath & Customers].Customers where SubscriberEmail = Email or SubscriberEmail = EmailO)
javascript isn't even a proper protocol, it's a pseudo protocol.
No, not really. I was just thinking about different MVC frameworks in general and as I use ASP.NET MVC for a project at work, I also had a look at how some features are implemented there. While doing that, I noticed this seemingly weird abstract class. :)
I think he was talking about functions other than main().  Main returns 0 for this reason, but other functions don't have the same constraints.
Still not correct.
Yes, its important that the UID's are the same on both servers. they dont have to follow sequence though, they just need to be similar and unique in both servers. Thanks anyway. i have a pretty good idea of what i will do.
Did you install Silverlight? If you did, you should be able to go to Tools -> Choose Toolbox Items, and be able to see the Silverlight tab?
Thanks. I wasn't worrying. I was just curious.
I don't get the point, sorry. You could expand the enum and the factory in order to derive other classes.
Check out this link (it is perl, but you should be able to convert it to python fairly easily). http:isthe.comchongotechmathnumbernumber.html
When did   stop being Latin?
The throw e; is obviously wrong but aside from that this is an interesting idea. Not sure if there is a use case for it though....
There does not appear to be any official documentation on what words the breaker understands.
The difference is that Hashtable is a closed-form compound word, whereas Hashmap and Hashset aren't. I know it's annoying though.
That would certainly explain it :) I'll edit the answer. Thanks so much for correcting me though - that's a really good catch!
this should get you a 5gb file pretty quick: dd if=devzero of=foobar count=5242880 bs=1024
First, even if there is memory available, some pages of your JAR may end up in the swap because they've not been used for a long time.
OK, it works. But not for wikipedia.org.
Spending more time making your code run faster when it already runs fast enough is over optimization.
What's the best way to post the EP here?
Chris how long is it taking after this change? Also how long does Subquery 2 take to run if it is ran by itself?
Thanks, but I need the CRs to make it into the cell...
I don't think that really fits his case; he wants at least one Exception to escape and propagate up the chain.
How about this less generic example:
I agree with all of the above -- except Lambda. I used it for a while, but it's so tortuous that I've abandoned it for all but the simplest expressions. Eagerly awaiting C++0x and its form of lambda expressions.
Also, this would be better as a call to a stored proc. Embedded SQL is evil :)
Actually I had the pattern wrong anyway...D'OH!
Its only a bad thing if you don't know your client base, which is also a bad thing.
Right - I'm thinking the recompile time is always neglible compared to the run time - and the run time limits me from running these processes so frequently that it could even be a factor.
Are you using an OR layer?
No?  You have been very helpful to me, I gave you one up, I am sorry that it was -1 it was not an intention and should be fixed now.
what is an n-char?
1. Ok, 2. Good point, 3. Wasn't asking for that. 4. It would take more than an hour. See my second edit to the post.
Are you destroying the new AppDomain each time after you use it?
I agree, they should be unloaded.
Your version wins in golf :-D
!Agreed! Same experience
This worked, but I'm confused as to why. Is KeyValuePair a value type?
I love wordpress but cant upvote.... :(
I fully aware that m4 is not exactly easy to grasp, but sendmail in null client mode is pretty simple to configure. Furthermore, as I said above, you can actually use any other nullmailer for this purpose, not necessarily sendmail.
it is more of a formula to me, not everyone's brain is wired the same way as yours and not everyone wants to spend 1 hour trying to work it out logically when they can just ask someone and get the formula in 5 minutes
i might have bigger issues than I thought:
Saku: You're right; I've corrected the code.
I've even seen this reported as a bug more than once.
That did the trick...Thanks a lot.
So I'd say the exact oppositve: that there's no need to create an array with new when a vector will do.
... it'll be fine until you want an enabled control on your panel :)
Okay, that makes sense!
GIT isn't simple at all http:bazaar-vcs.orgBzrVsGit
what I would do then dland would be to use something like jQuery to determine the width of the tables and then add the two totals together to determine the width needed for the container.
This is probably what the OP is looking for, just be aware that the tech behind this type of service is not 100 reliable.  You get the location of a client's ISP, not the client itself.
That reminds me of a line from a show about Hollywood agents: this job would be so much easier if we didn't have to deal with the ! talent.
First thing coming on my mind: Adresses, which are formatted in different ways all over the world (e.g. zip first, then city - or vice versa)...
Good workaround! simple!
Can you please double-check with your friend if problem description is indeed correct?  I thought I could do this with Hamming codes or parity bits, but so far I've had no success, and the problem keeps pinning in my head. :)
I just don't get Select Status from Table followed by a comma?
Do you want to display it as part of a page with other content on it, or just spit out XML the browser can handle?
Except that this is a syntax error in CC++ because the parser is 'greedy'.  It tries to parse the expression as `c = a++ ++ + b`.
Are you telling me than nobody on SO has used Webtest?
Jonathan: Why use printf?  Seems like derobert's answer is more straightforward.
doesn't calling new Random() like that result in the same seed being used over and over within the same millisecond?
D'oh; it's right there in the help files.  I missed it in both.
Subsonic will also build scaffolds for you. That's another nice thing that I like about it.
Jose, this did the trick, thank you for your help.
Oooh. I new it displays the list, but I didn't see, that you can select any of the products and see a more detailed info about it (some plug-ins don't have a version number in their title, but they do have it in the detailed info). Very nice.
There could be threads under the covers, sometimes the trickiest to find.
I'm already doing that.
You are advising brands, not phones...
Interesting that Sam Meldrum's benchmark below gives an even less significant difference...
Agreed. I went to the v-store and tried the storm. Seemed frustratingly slowwwwwww.
It still doesn't solve the problem I'm looking at that I can still code something that will compile but is wrong (e.i. no matching value)
Thx, that's one possibility, however since user may well target to have 20-50 of items recommended to him and number of tags is intentionally limited, this would result in quite massive amount of data.
This doesn't appear to work. I've tried in IE7 and Chrome.
Is it necessary for that to be in the join section?  I normally put that sort of thing in the WHERE.  Does it increase performance?
You are surely right. But what about questions and questionsindex then? This is again 2 urls for the same page.
Ah indeed, Google Protocol Buffer, forgot about that, thank you!
Thanks man!  I've been looking for something like this for a long time!  There's alot of bad HTML code out there!
the high point of my day - Jon Skeet talked to me =>  And agreed happy day
Yes, we already pre-calculate these daily. It's not so much the counting of the products which is the issue, it's showing the actual list of products in the selected section which is slow.
If you want to acheive a hand drawn look, why don't you hand draw it?
Re: EDIT 1 - thanks for the extra effort there.
Seriously, I don't know how he finds the time to both do the stuff he does and then write these amazingly detailed entries about them...
Personaly, this is the comment I would have given the check to. One thing I'd like to point out to readers is that the esoteric term state machines includes such everyday things as lexical analysers. Check out the output of lex somtime. Full of gotos.
Unlocker did it. I didn't see the delete select box at first.
The result is basically the same for both the connected and shortest path, and similar in run time.
Sorry. Those are only most-common -- they're not required. So, they can still be mixedswitched when saving.
thanks :-) and nice rep - you have a letter!
The very worst case would be O(n^2), but I wouldn't expect you to get there with a random shuffle.  Your average case is going to be close to O(n).
(NB: Limit is server and browser specific, RFC says its unbounded, but we know how often some companys read that )
I most hate the fact that iTunes takes years to check for updates when you start it, and they don't even show a little splash screen to let you know that you even clicked it right.
The conditional-AND operator (&&) performs a logical-AND of its bool operands, but only evaluates its second operand if necessary. http:msdn.microsoft.comen-uslibrary2a723cdk(VS.71).aspx
Thank you Joel! I will make sure to keep an eye on this..thanks again.
What kind of latency were you getting with your desktop app? Can you clarify how many milliseconds would be acceptable? 3, 30, 300?
I got an Outlook not so good.
It's done with about 30 lines of REGEX statements in PHP.  Basically just checking for the number of links.  The rest of the stuff, like checking if the subject is the same as the body is pretty straightforward.  It's stopped just about all the spam from my blog, Maybe one or two a month get through
+1 for the reasonable response.  I still hate it when people quote me and get more upvotes, though.  :)
According to its man-page it's defined in POSIX.1, so it should be available pretty much everywhere. And I seem to remember using it in Win32, so it's not just on POSIX systems either.
I do not see it that way. In my opinion, highlighting one characteristic at a time does not imply that we believe any single one characteristic to be enough. It is merely a method by which we can vote for the ones we think are important.
AFAIK, Digest::HMACSHA1 uses Digest::SHA internally.
I commented on your answer, but was too big to fit as a comment: http:stackoverflow.comquestions23962is-there-some-way-to-speed-up-recursion-by-remembering-child-nodes365050
As to your error (byte register cannot be first operand), you'll have to push eax, not al.  You can only push full-width registers.  esp should always be aligned on a machine word boundary.
This should not be explicitly required.  The Title attribute of the Page directive is supposed to fill it in.
Yes, but keep in mind that this method is very verbose (you don't need half of it, really), it could get reduced down to three lines just to check for CLR header and skipping the rest.
+1 but would be nice to point out what+why, while true eeek
yes, because you had another bug in your code: a break statement which was preventing your function to return something. I removed it now.
ok for sure it is mixed, just confirmed with: http:msdn.microsoft.comen-uslibraryaa215470(SQL.80).aspx
the point was the UDL files were not being saved in unicode format, and they needed to be.
I believe most developed countries have minimum copyrights of 50 years or more (Berne convention), so software written after 1958 is mostly covered.  In addition, the initial poster didn't specify country, and that usually means US.
No; the WebClient and HTTP POST methods both fail because the server doesn't HTTP 405 support this method.  WebClient also didn't work via GET when given a payload.
Dan Better performance.
Actually, I didn't meant 'why mx is not a valid namespace' -- I meant, why is 'mx:states not resolvable'.
There's always the XML option... even if your database doesn't support it natively, you can throw it into a VARCHAR column. Plus there's precedent for unprintable characters (using unicode escape sequences).
What is this OPTION=35 for?
I tried to reproduce it myself but failed so far... the HTML is produced by a third-party software, hence it is hard to debug. I suspect the issue has something to do with the directory structure on the server.
Paul: Incrementing and assignment in the same expression is undefined behavior.
Could you also show us the definition for OKButtonStyle?
Hi venkatachalam, I read your answer again, but I can't understand that what's your problem. May you explain your answer more for me?
thanks, that worked perfectly!
note that vector<int> array((istreamiterator<int>(iss)), istreamiterator<int>()); works too
It works, just can be a hassle, especially for a new programmer.
Thanks for the additional information! source scriptname worked fine for this. Could you elaborate a bit on .scriptname as I didn't understand that approach?
I think you could consider said separation it insufficient in C++.  The amount of information necessary to expose for class definitions and template functions is extraordinary, compared to C-style interfaces (or non-template pimplized C++).  Given that, I can see the draw towards header-only libs.
That's nasty; it encourages you to assume that you'll be given a second chance with the rm command.  Wait until you move to another machine or are logged in as another user, and bam...
do you mind shifting and the modulus operator too?
So what happens? Show more code. I hope your code doesn't actually look like what you posted here.
This is one of the two cases where I do use braces. Otherwise not.
Thanks to all. But as liggett78 had specified the question is not about being able or not being able to open a file. It is about knowing    if the file is used by smth else. 
You nailed it on the head. The security warning was misleading, and the real problem was a GPO scoping issue as you suggested.
That was my initial idea. It seems that's the way I have to go.
Chris: I completely agree. Using MBCS is probably a bad choice.
Well, don't feel dumb. We all had to ask such questions at some point in our careers!
Actually, the  selector is always less specific than an element selector: http:www.w3.orgTRCSS21cascade.htmlspecificity
This is what we do, only we write the insert statements first, put them in version control and then include them (sadly not automatically) into the upgrade database script.  Bonus points for using mergeupsert to make subsequent updates easy.
So what is it? RegexBuddy gave me (?:this won't match) as PERL regex but there was no PHP option couldn't be sure...
Going from the object side and auto-generate the database side seems like a really bad idea to me. There's no way it's going to generate a good database design. Just my 2c
You can do SELECT operations on the database while another transaction is doing write operations. The SELECT will not see the writes (unless you are using a shared cache in read-uncommitted mode; see http:www.sqlite.orgsharedcache.html).
I'm no Ruby expert, but I would bet that interpolation is faster because strings are mutable in Ruby. Strings are immutable sequences in Python.
It appears to be based on a missing module? How about adding the exact message to your question? Perl is usually very clear about missing modules (see derobert's answer).
There is no subjective trolling. I asked if there is any benefit in using the VSS object model over it's command line tool. Relax.
It's a distraction is FUD, not a real problem.  Maintaining a consistent code base (in terms of coding style) is not imperative, you assume it's important but can't justify it.
There is no reuse of objects going on in those two snippets at all, just reuse of reference variables.
Excuse my ignorance, but what has been the negative effect of that decision?
Heh, I knew the 'P' word would be inflammatory. I stand by my answer however, as an alternative that avoids the if-elif-else structure.
Bruno: I liked it, too, but I disavow all responsibility for it. :)
Pointers to primitives are perfectly legal.
I have the necessary include's. I believe it would a unknown member type of error if that was the case.
I've spent alot of time in both languages and I have really enjoy reading anything by Fowler.
What do you mean by 'large blank space', and what 'two numbers' are you referring to?
Jeremy - I never noticed that, and I have a 700000 Loc project in VB.Net.
mezoid: Well, there must be a session somewhere. Chances are it's in your dao class at the moment. We can't see the source of GetByCriteria though - that's probably where it's creating the ICriteria.
I appreciate this effort from you for this explication. +25 reputations and all my respect. Thanks
YES! It supports merge :) Thank god :)
So would it be safe to say that the terms lexical variable and local variable are interchangeable? With lexical being somewhat more precise?
But there still has to be some kind of structure to it, which is what I meant by jumbled (to me).  thanks.
I'm not sure why this has been down-voted. It's a reasonable question. He's not asking to be handed the code on a platter -- he's (or she's) asking how to get started. Surely there are libraries out there and people with experience of importing XML files?
It's definitely not the fault of the tex file.  See the answer I just added.  It seems to be the combination of TeXniscope and Leopard.  If anyone can confirm or deny that, please do let me know!
... very same level you need a JS switch button. It's defence in depth, I use it. Lots of other people doing, so yes there is possibility and it's out there. Just like using a personal firewall disabling Javascript makes sense. Otherwise why would I and so many other people disable it?
+1 for actually answering the question and not trying to recommend relational database.
+1 good answer; the key is to focus on risk-management until all of the risks have been eliminated. [BTW I love your botali-ignite slides!]
I know, but I added the comment just before the OP edited the question to say so.
Sure, they're good problems, but you can solve them in any language, and most will be better suited than Erlang. For Erlang, what you want are problems that requiretake advantage of a distributed solution, because that's where Erlang's strength lies. AFAIK, Project Euler isn't [necessarily] that.
mysqlquery does not return a result set. that's what mysqlfetch is for.
turnLightOn(false) means don't turn light on?  Confusiong.
I was not talking about the capture of IPv6 packets (something that libpcap does for a very long time) but about their decoding. libpcap does not decode, you have to do it yourself with low-level C tricks. pcapy comes with decoders.
Dunno why this got a down-vote; it is probably the closest thing to a standard SQL answer (for all that not every DBMS has implemented it).
I'd give you 2 points if I could.
Thanks for the tip. It is smelly, and I really hope someone will point me in the non-smelly direction. :)
I chose this as the answer since this was most relevant to my situation. I think I have written an infinite loop detector, but it probably misses some cases (or, less probably, somehow escapes Turing's clutches.) I'll post that code in the question shortly.
in that case you should mark this question as answered, that's how the whole stack overflow thing works. You can also updown vote my answer depend on whether it's good or not.
I too would use the ProcessMessage option ;)
Ok, then he must be at the very limit of his stack already, since this method isn't recursive.
BobbyShaftoe is right:  this is a form of Context Sensitive help in the general sense (e.g. the way Wikipedia uses it.)  Microsoft have a more limited term (one I don't like much!) called What's This Help for this special case. They use Context Sensitive Help to mean what Blorgbeard describes.
darn. i thought finally i could finish one answer withouth having that ugly edited label. hehe thanks for telling me 'bout it :)
But since the answer depends a lot on which platformlanguage you use, it's hard to answer unless you tell us what you want. Also: what do you mean by lightweight? Do you want to save every byte or do you simply want to avoid installing a big DB server?
I don't think this solves my problem, which I may not have clearly stated above. Each thread wants to get the first row that it is able to update, and then update that row. [Continued below]
Could this be an issue with CheckStyle version? (I'm on the 5.0beta)  Using the regex you provided doesn't flag the code in my example.  (BTW, I agree wiht your version of the regex, if only it worked. It looks like it should, but I get no style error)
The default is provider-dependent (100 for SqlConnection) and pooling can be configured by parameters in the connection string.  The 3-5 second delay doesn't sound normal, I suggest you try to create a small repro and post code that exhibits this behaviour.
It appears that the JDBC spec does not require correct handling of special characters. I'd like to hear about any drivers that do not so they can be avoided.
or possibly apply delta-C twice..
I'm using Visual Studio for Database Pros 2005
Interestingly, the readFromURL:ofType:error: did not solve the problem. Using FSExchangeObjects(), plus using [self setFileModificationDate:] with the new files modification date did do the trick. Thanks for the pointer.
Don't forget to put sale price on TBLORDERITEM as it may be different from unit price on TBLPRODUCT.
Thanks! Now I know more things to look out for when I get back to C++.
I don't think that you have to switch to MVC. I still use WebForms depending on the project.
HAML is disgusting.
And while inheritance among the static properties and methods would be the most elegant solution, at least now the get and getCollection methods in each class are limited to a single line of code as opposed to a lot of duplicated code.
Why use an Integer when you can use a Byte? It amazes me.
Greg - based on your title and the content of your question, it is difficult to really understand the problem you are trying to solve without some more background.  Your title seems to indicate you have something in mind already.  Give the community more to work with and you may find more success.
Which I already have tried, to no avail, as already mentioned in the question.
fixed up the question and it's title a bit.
I must disagree with the first sentence. Taking an OO design and implementing it by hand in e.g. C doesn't make C an OO language. But I do agree that functional and OO features are becoming more common in a variety of languages.
Yes, it's called maths. And it's intended to be read tongue-in-cheek. :)
You're site is basically saying You are site.
On the user preference point ... this transforms the design decision from What is supported? to What is the default?
Brilliantly put!
Here's the hint -- since this works for new-style classes, don't use old-style classes.  There's no point to using old-style classes.
The set method will return true for aa and a where the other methods will not. This is probably the best solution if this is the desired behavior, the sorted solution is probably the best one if it is not.
Your solution does work very well.
rashneon, See Laodimos's answer, Scott Evernden's answer, or Paolo Bergantino's answer (which are all the same thing).
hmm, your example is just as bad with GC, except with GC even if the object was cleaned up at exit, it still wouldn't get its finaliser called (as the finalisation thread runs the 2nd time its collected).
Try again, with libmysqlclient.a a link to libmysqlclientr.a.
mson, I think you are unfairly judging MVC based on one immature aspect (views) which have not yet been addressed.  The design and implementation of MVC is good, even though the implementaiton of the V part of MVC leaves a lot to be desired.  Views will get better.
Gamble, Of course, I mentioned that myself a few minutes ago in a comment to Bondy's answer.  I'll edit my own answer to reflect that.
I have had this problem myself before, but I worked around it at the time then moved to a dedicated server, I was hoping that there was a solution now, but I can understand the reasons that there isn't.
This is not an answer to the question asked, which was basically how to bind controls to directly affect variables (such as an int or string) with zero intervening code from the programmer.
SQL enumerates combinations via a join.  You'd need an indefinite number of joins to compute all combinations of all items.  This explicitly CANNOT be done in SQL.
Sorry, I am not too familiar with visual studio reports.  I didn't even know there was such a thing.  You could try creating an alias for the IIf expression in your data set, then just sum that alias.  Other than that, I don't know.
Incrementing by 100 at a time will give you a lot of leeway for reordering, and you won't run out of numbers for a long time (even if they were 16-bit signed numbers - let alone 32-bit ones).  And you can do a renumber periodically if the gaps are getting small.
I think you're right: I didn't imagine that values of unreferenced fields would come over wire. What I didn't know was whether they'd be read into memory within the SQL server.
[Steven A. Lowe]: Visualize wild success: sometimes I seem to lose myself into contemplation of my dreams and the effects of my application. Like anything, I guess it is a matter of finding the right dose. What I find most difficult is finding the will and patience to refactor, reengineer, etc. Thx
Allocations may fail at any time, and not handling them will crash your application. Granted, large allocations are more likely to crash but that doesn't mean many small ones won't.
Dahan, Not sure what you're asking, but I think you may want to configure your Web server to send a 300 HTTP code to redirect the user to the page with the proper casing, so it's consistent.  That way, if a user mistypes the URL (or something), their cookies will still be valid.
Are there going to be just 3 values to match against or could their be more?
nice, i had no idea sort could be used to sort by months. however, i wouldn't use find. it will recurse into subdirectories - you don't want that. why not sort --key=8,8 --key=4,4 --key=5,5 ifshome.lastlogin ?
You can do it. Take a look at my edit. I though you were having problems understanding casting in first place.
Wouldn't hurt to go into detail.
This is interesting, but very cryptic.
Dimitre. I've only ever used keys for Muenchean grouping. Thanks for an example of using them in a more expansive way. Also, I've not yet looked at XSLT 2.0, so the for-each-group is interesting too. Cheers and Happy New Year.
+1 for extensive answer
I assume that's C? it would help to clarify which language (doesn't quite look like Java or C++)
Your comment was valid.  The question has been clarified.  I suggest removing this answer to avoid down-votes.
My brain can't handle simple math today. That's exactly what I was trying to do. +1 to you.
I Think I might have used that book in college.  But an older version with less dinosaurs on it.
Everybody stand back...
We use this method, just power relay instead electricity we cat Vbus cable and insert it in the power relay. I know that there is dedicated USB relays for exactly this purpose, but i assume that they are pricey.
It depends on the exact requirements, but a system wide secret may make the system very difficult to recover if the secret is compromised. Are these pins to be used in things like POS devices for example? Then you'd have to refresh them all.
I'm under the impression that the questioner is talking about binary changes to the executable or process memory as a means of circumventing an authentication or licensing process.
rejinacm: How about you read the page that I linked to? It gives lots of examples, including division.
The OTH approach is what I implemented initially, however, I was hoping for people's personal opinions rather than a yes, both approaches fit with MVC :)
I don't know, I've seen an upfront design be a very good guide to development. I've never seen it work out such that the upfront design is followed exactly. It seems in my experience that when the rubber hits the road, designs have to be reworked.
there is only one definition of each - void doOtherWork() - virtual bool doSomeWork() const
thanks for rewording the insulting section, offensive vote removed (I consider insulting the reader to be abuseslander; let's keep it polite and friendly)
Or you could make your entire program one (reaaaly long) line of code. That's always fun.
duplicate: http:stackoverflow.comquestions49378deploy-mysql-server-db-with-net-application
Why are you raising 5 to a power of 8?  Why not do a shift operation for speed.
You don't have to be a Java partisan to appreciate an application like JEdit. Java has some serious crushing deficiencies, but so does every other language. Those of Java are just easier to recognize.
Eek - using explicit interface implementation not only makes it harder for the caller without workarounds like yours above, but it also screws up inheritance - you get into tricky situations if a derived class wants to override an interface method. I avoid it when I can.
It surely depends on the size of your projects. I can't even imagine how it would be working on some projects with hundreds of classes without VS. But I guess, you can learn a lot using notepad. You have to be self-disciplined I guess.
Thanks for the link to David Eppstein's site, just finished an interesting browsing on his site.
Notice that the example is wrapping the app.MainLoop() in a tryexcept.  This doesn't work, at least not in any of my attempts.
I know, but the shortstrings are called pascal strings ;-).
Wasn't me either, but the question says (ideally in LaTeX) and html is no fun and doesn't seem to translate well to the printed page, and this answer recommends the exact opposite of what is wanted. Plus yeah, I guess some advanced typographic stuff, go with Word must have sounded crazy :-)
These sorts of solutions only work when the target variable is of an integral type.  More general solutions can be made to work on other useful target types, such as arrays.
This is not actually true.  If it were true then whenever you moved a File Open dialog accross the owning form it would fail to repaint.  So at the least painting will run. Once painting is running you can do anything. There are several windows messages which get through and allow for code execution
- you have a small error, you need to replace it with x.
Ady, have you checked out the generated code? I think it had something not much better than string comparison beneath the hood. Don't remember though...
Thanks a lot. I went there trying to find the source for java.nio.file.FileRef, but I couldn't find it. Could you please help me? Thank you.
jay not quite. I think that process even put around the best developers causes a decrease in code quality. I would liken it to meeting a famous painter, and then telling him the rules he needs to abide by to make a good painting. It might make sense to you, but it's ridiculous.
In the working world it is not an option to rewrite code the way you want it you have to deal with what is there regardless of who wrote it. The rest of your post is incomprehensible.
In C also, you normally pass by value. But to avoid copying big chunks of data, you pass pointers.
Thanks. I didn't know that. Best regards.
Just a quick note that PHP isn't strictly interpreted.  Since PHP 4, on each request for a PHP pagescript the parser will produce bytecode (often called optcode), which is then executed by the Zend Engine.
Sorry, I really don't understand... Footer is now inside Wrap, so it's their Child, right? Size is something else, and closed before Wrap even opens.
Not exactly good-looking, but I guess I can manage that myself. :P
Perhaps a table combined with interpolation, =using fixed point math (i.e. scaled integers) would work.  In the old days, the 88000 DSP processor supported that in machine code.
Also he can't subtract. The technique is fine though.
Thank you, that's exactly what I was looking for.
You can't reassign final fields in clone.
+1 but please use String.Format() as seeing two string concatenations next to each other hurts my eyes and I know I'm not alone.
The Filter function worked on the richArray plugin.  var filtered = .richArray.filter(items, function(item) 
How about exporting all preferences on a fresh workspaceprofile in which you've made ONLY the save action changes? Perhaps this will give you a baseline profile to use for your team.
yikes, sorry about that it's been a while ;-) corrected my response
For a more complete, fully Unicode compatible version - http:stackoverflow.comquestions249087how-do-i-remove-diacritics-accents-from-a-string-in-net
The availability of the JavaFX runtime is basically that of the Java platform ... (I believe it will require the latest updated 10 release) I just wanted to say he is wrong about this point, I am on Mac Os 10.4 with Java 5, and Java Fx works for me.
The copy of XCode on the Install CDs is rather out of date - you can get a much more recent version from Apples developer website (connect.apple.com)
I am parsing 1.5 - 2 million messages, containing many integral numbers (dates, times, integers, ...), so I think my parser will benefit tremendously from the added performance. However, I was hoping that I would find a library that I could use, instead of creating my own! :(
Good point, thanks. But I think you should add it's bad practice in C, but not C++.
Will it really help?  All my compile jobs are IO bound rather than CPU bound.
If you have bugs in your program, then debug. I am very skeptical of the fact that avoiding synchronized(this) will help you if you already don't have a real clue of what's going on in your multi-threaded program.
I don't have anything against Twisted, but this is exactly what I wanted to stay away from (heavy dependencies).
that's not part of my salery, we are a start up so I am vested.
It's helps if you get rid of all those extra html codes: the system handles that for you.
the double Free of the dynamically created TTable. All access to the form could then lead to crashes, even when the TTable was created with nil as the owner. It's certainly a bad idea to free any object while executing one of its methods. Apart from delete this; as the last line.
Yes, or protected 'operation'.
this is only borderline programming related really, but personally I do use task management apps to keep track of next steps in programming projects.
synchronized on a method is not part of the method signature.
John: OO first has been popular but seems to be falling out of favor.  There's enough variety in compiler courses that I dare not generalize---plus, lots of students never take compilers.
e.g. Blum Blum Shub vs Mersenne Twister. BBS is created with a strong cryptographical proof in mind, and to get anywhere near random for a non-crypto purpose, it's way too slow and resource intensive.
We're already doing this, it's the biggest benefit of MVC. But views can still be complicated and contain errors and we would like to test as much as possible.
Akshay: It should be able to. Worse comes to worse, when you do a SVN checkout just grab the right branch.
I do something similiar to this in MSBuild using the Microsoft SDC tasks at: http:www.codeplex.comsdctasks
This is true and not as sad as it may sound.
There is no Arrays.arrayCopy(). There's System.arrayCopy() (which existed since Java 1.0) and there's Arrays.copyOf() (which exists since Java 6Java 1.6). Please clarify what you meant.
Why the interface? For testability. Mocking rocks :)
yeap :) I solved the problem :)
And you think div's and css does this? I don't.
how do you get the size of the viewport in IE7? I can't get the real size of the body with any of these:
AJAX won't help here: any cookie handling inside the iframe is less trusted (third-party cookies), and in IE needs to pass through the Privacy Policy filter - no matter if you're setting cookies with AJAX calls, document.cookie manipulation or through normal pages (tested).
But the resource for resolving it isn't at the clock - you can't just wave your arms and make it go away. You can only record what happens.
sounds like a porn site ;-)
run it every minute, then?
asking the user to extract code from the url is a bad idea, it's very easy to write code to extract it using regex! -1
I find it useful to have NUnit as part of the checkout rather than installed on the build machine for another reasons - multiple projects. If you're working on 2 or more projects, upgrading NUnit when it's installed on the machine can be a pain as it wont work with some projects.
litb: I disagree.
since callBack is passed by reference, shouldn't assigning the anonymous function to it change it in the global namespace (where it was passed from)? Assigning it to myCallBack will create a new reference to it in the class, but the new code never gets run, making me thing I went wrong somewhere
Your reasoning makes sense for most internal business applications, but there is a whole world of software out of that domain to which it does not apply. There is no way my employer could buy cheap hardware to every single user of our software.
your comment is only true when interpreting it simultaneously, which is a perspective which is far removed from what multi-threading is about.
Joe, in the context of Bill's question, I think they are equivalent. Bill's talking about printf debugging. Whether the debugger is integrated with the editor and the compiler is immaterial at that point.
I would recommend learning the basics and see if that will help you... try w3schools.com
I think that one should learn how to walk before he should run. One should learn TortoiseSVN first, then Visual SVN only after mastery of that.
Yeah, UML sucks in terms that people don't want to do them, don't have time to do them, someone isn't allowing them to do them.. but this might also go to overall 'documentation' topic.. :)
+1 for a working concept, but I'm pretty sure that you can't declare int i inside the for(...) when using C (as opposed to C++). The declaration of i would have to be outside the for loop.
This doesn't achieve the same objective. This query won't produce values where a.cola2 = 'valuea1' unless the inner join succeeds. Check my solution for some alternatives.
 krosenvold: It depends what you use the DI container for. If you use it to create a few services there's no problem. If you use it to create large amounts of domain objects the overhead is certainly a problem.
Whoops! Thanks for catching that.
good point, so the developer should know this and make sure to avoid tables for layout (obviously tabular data is still valid)
Exactly.  Lowering the barrier to entry doesn't make smart people dumb, it just brings down the average.
Your analysis is flawed because you are not comparing apples to apples.  You may want to read http:svnbook.red-bean.comen1.5svn.serverconfig.choosing.html
I'll be using mysqlrealescapestring eventually, I'm just focusing on getting the basics working now.
OK, I'm glad you found someone to help. But the question was how so tell me how you found this project.
Hi Sam, great point.  I feel like this should be a pretty easy thing to build but I'm having a heck of a time figuring out how to do the feeds so the ordering is preserved.
Interesting setup mrree.  For most operating systems and applications, however, the stack size limitation is real.
I use ORM with code generation, so when my database changes my objects change as well. Most of my queries are also written (very quickly) in code using our ORM suite.There is indeed a way to measure the savings, because as contractors we estimate everything we do, and I can look at it both ways. :)
You know you can mark your own questions as the accepted answer rather than closing them as no-longer relevant?
btw, gnud's version is 4 times slower then `bin(x).count('1')`.
however, the null-return provided by malloc often is only a false security: malloc on linux for does return non-null, and will crash on usage of the memory. you first have to switch some bits in the kernel to change that (see man malloc)
True in general case. Very true in computer science.
Indeed, a <form runat=server> would add the VIEWSTATE (and some other) hidden field even when you set EnableViewState=False at page level. This is the way to go if you want to loose the ViewState on the page. As for Url friendliness, urlrewriting might be an option.
interesting. I guess as soon as you can't keep the compression data set in cache, it starts depending on the speed of your RAM vs. HDD. Also the HDD is a serial push pipe so it shouldn't suffer from latency issues as much. Modern perf tuning just gets wacky.
The reason I suggested using jQuery was because different browsers require different code to access elements. If you use jQuery instead of 'childNodes' or 'children', you don't have to worry about which property to use.
+1 - doesn't answer the exact question, but does speak to the sentiment behind it, that is, getting some numerical satisfaction after a day of coding.
Oh Thanks! I've got Visual Assist X so I really didn't bother about ReSharper before.
canvas is way cool. It's heavily used by this web application: http:www.mindmeister.com
actually it's not quite right yet - I'm still working on it...
Nope, no difference on this one, though it did break it at a different point.
Since it is the interfaces (not the classes), re-implementation isn't really an issue.
Thank you very much. What do you mean by manually filter in code ? also, one error that I constanly getting is some 
Ah, I couldn't find section 5 (there's only 3 sections), but I see you mean section 1, part 5. Thanks heaps. I'll give it a shot.
I wouldn't down vote someone for saying it's subjective, but correct opinion.
np, my pleasure.
I know that it should be possible.  My experience on the field is that theoria rarely wins...
Now the question is... what if it's in separate assembly or in separate methodsclassetc. Personally. I use String.Empty because it's more readable than .
don't know why that would matter since there's probably no reference to the table that generates the column.  Or at least I don't see how I'd implement one.
Yes, I suspect a W3C schema would be the easiest way to define your extensions (and is probably the most likely to make validators happy). Either point your namespace URN at the schema or provide an xsi:schemaLocation (http:www.w3.orgTRxmlschema-1xsischemaLocation).
yuck ... but whatever works for you I suppose ...
The correct answer imo. Though a quote could be posted in the text instead of just a link.
.innerHTML is actually the fastest way to update the DOM.
As I recall, the code is all in templates, which has no concrete implementation until the template is expanded in your client code. The code is the instantiated template, not the header.
I guess, he meant some specific guarantees, which JMM doesn't offer.
sure, but there's a responsibility to the general case on SO for the benefit of later readers
well-formed xml also has a root node, so the closing tag for the root node must be overwritten and then appended each time you add an entry as well.
I stopped using tables for structural layout about 2 years ago, and I have NEVER added an empty element to help with structure.  It is perfectly fine to add divs and spans for help with structure, but they should still contain content.
I tried to reverse engineer the DLL, but all I was able to get was class and function names. The client really doesn't have any clue what goes on in the functions. I have a decent idea, but I have no way of knowing all the details.
Why would you want to do this?
I really think you would want to separate the web server from the higher-level web framework.
I've known unix admins who do just about this same thing, for detecting logins as root to their boxen.  If anyone logs in as root, an e-mail is sent to their pager.  Very useful, but occasionally amusing as every time they got into serious maintenance and opened a root shell, they'd get a page...
This is a site for programmers. HTML isn't programming. Zing! I kid.
instead of using a foreach, i'd use map:  my facultyhash = map   => 1  faculty;
I've read about Lucene, but I want only exact matching, so should I use it or it doesn't worth it?
I'm not sure I see what you mean. The plugin interface has only one function: GetUserControl(). After that, the UserControl is added to the form and driven by UI events.
Wait... if they don't have a password that your app uses then.... what prevents another user using the same program on the same machine and reading their data that way?
cdleary: I think that the response to with does not have to reflect ACTUAL resource use, but only resource-like.  All the  Data Compression and File Format library modules should do this for simple consistency.
I did not say that they are independent. If there is a dependence then they need to be on the same form (e.g. customers, orders)?
Essentially synchronized(this) is exposed because it means that external code can affect the operation of your class.  So I assert that you must document it as interface, even if the language does not.
I understand. Sorry, it was not my intention to sound like a smarta - But I guess, it's always good to remind other programmers on that topic
Yes, I thought about writing back to the DB but the grades are entered as fast as possible and I'm afraid that beating up my server with thousands of little hits and repainting my table would not be conducive to a good user experience.  :)
Ha. 5 with the same answer. Sorry to clutter.
Although I don't recognize your language example either, I TOTALLY agree about let data be data.  Put it into a hash.  NEVER make a class that doesn't have business logic methods.  You may then have a class that manipulates your data...
So, in my example, numvec is a value that is used in some numeric calculation. When presenting a book report, I want to show TEST, TEST2, etc, in the template instead of the raw decimal value, as this has more value to a human reading the report.
Thanks to both of you...perfect!
or String.Format(<a href=0>1<a>, Url, Desc)
This looks like it will need a lot of memory to hold all three files in memory as a string, let alone the intermediate string object resulting by adding the first two and the final string created by adding on the last.
This is a real question, it just has nothing actually to do with programming (aside from the original poster's misguided belief that it is a programming technique)
If you want the column names too (thanks alex): 
Ah :) I didn't see that... Doesn't matter... Execution plan is available in oracle too... I'll edit the answer.
If it's a web service then you have the WSDL. You should be able to use it to generate documentation.
I think there's some confusion in the question. Are you looking for the browser or the dialog being closed through the clicking of the X?
Yeah, it's unfortunate.  More unfortunate that I don't know jack about Flash really, so I can't roll my own (in a timely manner).
Better might be:
Yep - I knew that was the alternative. The caching of delegates dependant on whether they capture anything makes a lot of sense - thanks.
I do not handle all the details right now; we are not generating PDF (although it is also posible) - from JasperViewer generated page is being sent to laser printer directly. We need 2D barcode (PDF-417), but our scanner would not scan normal EAN13 barcode as well as before mentioned.
+1 for setting goals only at a team level.  Pinning each problem ticket on an individual is demotivating, destroys team spirit and often gives a skewed and inaccurate measure of the true situation, especially if the number of likely problem tickets is quite low (e.g. about one per developer).
How are the events attached in the first place? Are you using a library (eg Prototype, jQuery, etc)?
Thanx a lot Luc for your clear explanation!
+1 for using an existing ORM - trying to map classes to the relational model on your own is a pain
sometimes the person writing the test and the person implementing there's your problem. in TDD the same person writes the tests and the code - they have to, because doing the tests first forces the interface design decisions; can't split that among two people and call it TDD!
The MSBuild I used is in the 3.5 window framework dir. I read somewhere that it has something to do with csproj.user file. I have not checked it in our build server. Will do so later.
It would be helpful if you could post some of the code surrounding this issue.  That way it will be easier to see what the problem might be.
The reason I ask is that during configuration I am pretty good to shut it down when I get called away on other tasks and only keep it running while I am actually working on it. Depending on how this is calculated I might be better off leaving it up rather than turning it on and off repeatedly.
+1 for v. I've used vim for so long without knowing
-1. He wants a portable utility for blog management that will export static HTML to a remote FTP, not a portable web server.
True, but in this case they're file descriptors, so it's pretty safe to assume that MAXCONN is not going to be that large.
oohh , yeap I have just seen that part... let me try other thing.
+1, Nice answer.  The accepted answer isn't bad.. but this one is better imo.
C'mon. You have to think of the problem differently. Don't think of the number of games, because transpositions and alpha-beta algorithms and such cut that back immensely. Think of board positions (10^60) or combinations of chess pieces (100 million). With Quantum Computing, it's trivial.
Surely you could squeeze 124,900 out of the damned thing!
Interesting suggestion!
If you get to the scale where sessions don't work for you, you won't be looking for a shared host
If you have a static IP, why would you use DynDNS? Either your IP is static or it's dynamic...
Oh! I didn't bother to hover it. Actually, right after finishing the question this book came into my mind, and then I saw your answer. I couldn't stop myself to post it. :)
Thanks!  A quick check in usrincludebitserrno.h confirmed that errno is indeed defined to be per-thread when using threads, on my Ubundu machine.
This throws an exception with the following message: EXECUTE cannot be used as a source when inserting into a table variable. pls help
Creative Commons do not recommend this. http:wiki.creativecommons.orgFAQCanIuseaCreativeCommonslicenseforsoftware.3F
So I can split the method in 2, one opens the file stream and calls the second passing the file stream, that way I will be able to unit test the second one. A complete coverage test would read from the disk?
Those are only good for matching US addresses. While you're at it, you should just ping the domain and check it's valid. Then you don't have to make a regex that contains every suffix imaginable.
Before I checked the user, I was thinking This sounds exactly like woot.com and their 'Random Crap'. I'll get one someday!!
dtsazza There are things a framework could do that you'd normally not let user code do; a framework could change the protection level of a private constructor at run-time. AFIK you cannot mess with final though...
stranger: http:stackoverflow.comquestions265769maximum-filename-length-in-ntfs-xp-and-vista you have ofpossiblecharacters^32,000 combinations to map in a integer-sized value. Yes, you are missing something ;)
This is really, really similar to this:
Greg - Assuming this compiles the C code, where does the output go?  Or does TCC interpret??
Convenience of having a domain name point to the IP. So you don't have to remember 12.42.136.43, but ilikepancakes.dyndns.com
In this case, a replace with empty string would be enough to remove the tags.  I think the  construct is what I was looking for, thanks!  Is that essentially a foreach object in foo structure?
How would I detect if a file is opened while my program is running?
I think he could build the table described in your answer programmatically, it would require building the two intertwined lists of ++ and -- events.  An excellent link to a very relevant question.
Fortunately, the parser function gets passed the cell object as well.  See my answer.  :)
Sorry, yes I mean result sets.
Look forward to it. I'd be especially interested to see how the ownergroup thing gets solved with rsync.
That joke is so bad I have to give it an up-vote.
This has been asked many times....
Is there a way to restore a BAK file in SQL Server using code from a C app or do you have to do it manually.
Can't really answer- It's supposed to be transactionally safe, but I'm actually using it somewhat differently (where data integrity isn't so important, just very fast access), so I haven't paid to much attention to those details. Sorry.
Thanks - I'll take a look at log4cxx
Unfortunately no because they're not tables created by us so we need to work with what we have.
select new Name = g.Key, Count = count, ID = g.First().ID;
SteveB: Read the question:  I know for a fact that none of the data members have changed, so the only barrier is the serialVersionUID check.
you can replace the t (tab) to any number of spaces, see http:wiki.answers.comQHowmanyspacesisatab
Nevermind, there seems to be no such function coming with emacs; I'll see if I can hack one.
John: treating integers as booleans might be weird, but it's one of the things you have to get used to when programming in C; and yes, I'd call a one-statement solution without branching more efficient than a 3-statement solution with branching...
Rob - I stand humbled.  I have no idea what I was thinking - of course you are right.  Sorry Cade.
There are cases where you need to do it manually - see my answer below.
It hits the db once per caller's foreach - then has a live connection during the caller's foreach; the iterator block guarantees that the data-context is closed (and thus connection closed) when the caller's foreach is exited. Nothing is buffered.
Every damn day a new user asks how to parse HTML with regexen, and naturally every clever-trousers jumps in with their own completely broken attempts to square the circle. Can't SO have an automatic DON'T DO THAT, YOU FOOL popup any time you enter a question with 'regex' and 'html' tags?
I'm not 100 sure on this point though.  I don't know if there are memory barriers introduced by PulseAll().
you should always post your markup and css for things like this - easier for us if we have a base to start with
Cool. Should I put a using around tempImage.Clone?
With multiple cameras, how will he then figure out which camera raised the event?
http:stackoverflow.comquestions458479where-can-i-find-an-authoritative-overview-of-open-source-licences  This is something I need enlightenment with.
Since it will allways use SSL if not used internally in a secured network and using UUIDs for sessions the where it came from should not be a problem.
So which days do you want? the first 30?
Sorry, the last 30. The entries are in chronological order, so the most recent are at the end.
Too much configurability can also be a maintenance nightmare. Nothing like having thousands of big flags that change the way your program operates to cause hard to track down bugs.
SQL datetime formats are indeed supported in strtotime.
As long as you know the option exists... I think matplotlib will do a fantastic job with your current requirements.
placing your cursor over a word and pressing  (forward) or  (backward) is a shortcut
as in, Session.query(Project).filter(Project.entries.any())
O.M.G! Kickin' it old skool! It makes me feel ooolllldddd. :-)
Could you change the title?
We used to take it one step further and define a type-specific nil value for each of our typedef'ed items: structs, int, longs, whatever. That way the conditional would read if (foo != fooNil)  etc. . Disclaimer: I used to work for Simonyi at Xerox so my brain was contaminated.
Not to mention, if this was a good way to do it, then what's to stop another app from installing their version of winsock and essentially disabling mine.
Ed, my solution is for IEnumerable, not ICollection.
It works fine for me. Check your path and CSS validity.
I've made an abstract class but I did not think of adding this to the constructor. Nice solution!
Whoops, my bad! I have checked it in Ruby and you're right. I have been using [A-z] for years... I guess it's time for me to do some debugging :-)
+1 Heh, you beat me to Pascal by a couple of seconds.  A good choice, IMO.
Yes, thanks, that makes sense. I think what confused the issue is that the route does put the defaults into the parameter values, even though it shouldn't really know about them. But I'll keep things properly separated now I understand the semantic difference to the routing engine.
I believe it is considered clearer and more extensible to use an enum for something like this.
No, it wouldn't. Void pointers don't know about destructors.
No error is output at all.
Ah; got it: From Bjarne's The C++ Programming Language, section 4.2:
eliben: In what way is Boo particularly new? The Boo manifesto is from ~2004, which is only a year later than IronPython. If you'd wanted something better than IronPython you should have defined your criteria explicitly. You said you wanted an option other than IronPython. I gave you one.
I think it is still important to test this because it may be that the GUI aspect of the application may falter when it is launched if a user is not logged in to the server.  In any previous scenarios I have had like this, the administrators would set up auto-login scripts and simply launch the exe.
Thank you. C's using keyword is great, but sometimes it cannot be used (e.g. with a type that does not implement IDisposable, or when Dispose() should be called conditionally). As for Java, I have no experience actually with such issues, but can't a thread be interrupted?
Have you tried deleting (renaming) all relevant registry keys for the add-in installation and then re-installing the add-in? It might be that your the debugger added another version under the CLSID key which is confusing Word.
Maybe, but it's the right answer ;)
You also might want to explicitly pass 'null' to mean 'give me the default', however, especially if (a) a wrapper function which also has default arguments is calling it, or (b) you add extra arguments afterwards. The above is the common JavaScript idiom for default arguments.
On Oracle, you should really stay away from AD HOC SQL in most cases; The cursorsharing = force setting has nasty side effects:
whats the best solution to this?
No. Here are some links I found: http:support.microsoft.comkb306134 and http:bytes.comgroupsnet-web-services376326-possible-return-datatable-webservice-method
I've edited my answer to include a solution for this also. Still think the copy will be the easiest and fastest.
This is absolutely excellent. Do you have an idea why the print statements are not executed when in Emacs (python mode) until the plot window is closed?
I disagree in the case of guessing a file name.  If users will conspire to share file names, then you are correct.  Thus, whether it applies depends on the nature of the site.  A music site for kids? Forget it. A corporate site holding competing artwork from various design companies? Works fine.
You need to go to this url twice to get it to work, even after you login.  http:connect.microsoft.comfeedbackViewFeedback.aspx?FeedbackID=356893&SiteID=226
Yeah, I know that, I was responding to the assertions of this answer, not the question.
Thanks Diodeus that works great apart from one little thing. The onload event fires 2 times, as soon as the iframe is loaded (even before submitting the form) and when you submit the iframe. Is there a way to not fire the first load?
In Java, there are checked exceptions, which have clear control-flow semantics.  It's not GOTO hell like everyone seems to think it is. As a Java developer of 8 years I can tell you that it's very easy to understand what the code is doing when you use checked exceptions.
Could you explain why this is a bug please (and what the repercussions are)? I had to allocate memory in a similar way to another pointer to structure in another part of the program, otherwise the program would crash. I didn't try sizeof(SearchLibrary) though, so I'll have a go tomorrow.
no, he wasn't...  his comment is unambiguous.  It's also incorrect.
Vyas - Well it certainly helps to be the boss, I suppose. But aside from that, if you work for a boss that isn't focused on results, I'd say find a better job. It's now or later because the company is ultimately going downhill if the management isn't focused on results.
hehe - hence the comment Writing large files out from scratch is inefficient - Jesse cleasrly knows that is a bad approach and is not doing it!
There's still a pair of `[]` missing behind `int  Library`
this is a great answer, but in the last paragraph i still dont think thats a xss attack. an xss attack is where you inject javascript onto the legitimate sites website.
An interface is simply a special type, a purely abstract class - it's still a type (in the greater sense).
your question is now famous :)
+1: Use the features of the tool
I'm too slow, it's all been said by the time I finished...
I can help if you give an example of your models.
great, that fixed the WPF issue, thanks!
I made the edit, though.
http:giveupandusetables.com. I have nothing to add. :)
Unless the code is so bad, that taking the time to refactor is the only way to get anything else done on time.
Definitely the most reliable way, especially when it comes to further manipulation. IE 67 don't do innerHTML on tables at all. Also, innertHTML? Is that what Yahoo uses?
I realized after I got this working that the above removes all the childen(if any of the children don't have an id attr), how can I remove ONLY the div elements that don't have an id from that form i'm looping through?
The correlated sub-select in the 'AS sub' table expression is a bit ungainly; why not use a join?
Ah!  Now I see your point.  I was unaware that Filesystem relied on multiple libraries and now see the convenience of the stagelib directory.  These are, in fact, copies of all of lib files located in one place for convenience's sake.  Thank you.  I'm sorry I misunderstood you to begin with.
Interesting, I've just learned something new.
Hehe, thanks, corrected. Yes, i know, i copied from my source code and just added a bunch of zeros before i posted here!
I knew about the Microsoft Stuff, but wanted to gather a list of stuff found useful as well :-)
And...in fact whilst writing last comment someone already did....
Thanks all, I get it now :) I wish they would make this a compile-time error...
What language are you using?
ok... that seems to have been the problem... although i now have a new one.  I think i can solve it though.  It seems the default route conflicts with this one in that somesite.comvendorfind should bring up the find view but instead it treats it as a username
I think that conditioning your sample based on the previous outcomes introduces a strong bias. Undershooting your goal sum value by the less than 9 and then forcing the last one will get you the closest i think.
I don't see any reason to use sorting for the tasks when `nthlargest` is applicable. It is in stdlib in many languages and it easy to implement if it is not.
Double checked locking, have a lock file for read and for write, check for no file, create file, check for no file then take action like: http:en.wikipedia.orgwikiDouble-checkedlocking
hmmmmm. I will try moving all files to a tmp directory, and then back again
In my experience assigning anything to Obj.constructor doesn't change its Constructor. As a matter of fact such assignment seems to do nothing at all. ('hellowrld').constructor = Number still returns String with getType.
Compilers tend to do more surprising things than hardware...
You can refer the following link http:www.codeproject.comscriptArticlesMemberArticles.aspx?amid=88625
Exactly the same way - the properties are translated to setXXX and getXXX methods.
I get a Sorry, there was a problem uploading your file. Please press back on your browser and try again error
Some of that post is fine. Other parts are dangerous. Regarding calling Dispose as an optimisation is harmful, IMO. Read the comments.
CallByName can be useful, but I still think DrPut needs to learn about arrays. Someone else might have to look at his code one day you know :)
Is it ready yet?
Are you using threading for the worker process?
You should edit the title to say Turing complete; I though at first this was a crackpot question (e.g. non-turing = not limited by our silly definitions of things like Turing machines.)
Can't all machines be represented as the set of inputs that they accept, i.e. a language?
Yeah, it wasn't even a useful question to begin with.
Yeah, I named it output because it's the value being output to the screen.  I have updated this with display to help avoid confusion.
This way, you'll lose half the characters of WinLatin1 (aka 'ANSI')
Are you wanting to create new tables in the MDB file or are you just trying to copy changes made in the local dataset back to the database MDB file?
vyger See: http:tinyurl.comdd4tsy This is about XSLT books, but they cover by necessity XPath very well. My favourite is Michael Kay and his latest book on both XSLT 2.0 and XPath 2.0. BTW, if you think and answer is what you wanted, you can select it (click the check mark)
btw, virtual networks has been discussed in this question: http:stackoverflow.comquestions444901virtual-network-of-virtual-machines
Thanks, this really clears it up.:)  
I didn't get the impression from his question that he wanted them referenced to one another, just that he wanted them to originally be the same.
In case you didn't get it, I'm building a custom system and I don't want to use a CMS. I'd downvote this twice if I could
I use left joins to catch the possible NULL values (some teams have not club attached to them)
I understood you. I said: I would recommend you use a text data format for storing the parameters not the actual data. The methods SimpleCopy and MessWithIt extract the data based on the parameter after the drop.
Actually it smokes the other suggestion in this thread. It just doesn't produce the same results.
Looks like it handles zero children to me.  +1
I see. So calculateAndEnqueueData() = serial port thread, and dequeueDataMethod() = processingdisplay thread?
Yeah, that's a good idea, too.  I mentioned that gfortran isn't ideal for my situation because the code doesn't compile with gfortran for some reason.  It's somewhat of a priority for me to figure out precisely why not ...
Can you be more specific about what you mean by indexer function?
not quite, if you were already within a mode fork (for some useful purpose) default mode templates will not be referenced
How many items are you likely to store?
It's possible to write code that's difficult to maintain in the most modern of languages.  As much as I appreciate the value of automated tests, their absence alone does not constitute legacy code.
Out of curiosity, why do you want to write your own build scripts for an iPhone app?
ProcessBuilder is exactly the tool for this purpose. You can easily hook the outerr of the process and even redirect the err to out so you don't have to monitor two streams (unless you want to). You will have to write the stream IO code yourself ... see BufferedInputReader.
can you elaborate a bit more about the algorithm, it's not obvious! what is i? generate loop by what, by i, i.e. per each bit of the current ?
Yes, it is an important thing to point out. Nonetheless there are still semi-automated solutions, as the OP has stated he is content with.
This would have been my next thought as well, +1. Providing a string of 36 spaces might also serve as a useful test.
That's exactly the point---fail fast, with an exception, right where the problem is, rather than some unspecified later time and place.
what did you use as a validator for the passwords?
It might be hard to seperate new and old features that use the same database tables with NHibernate's caching system.
this is the current object when you are in global scope.
divo THis is more complicated, especially if templates are imported.
Same here - it's free and stomps!
both as2 and as3 SWFs can receive vars passed to them in the URL like this. in AS2 it's done with root.varName and in AS3 it's with LoaderInfo.
http:stackoverflow.comquestions460519how-are-buffer-overflows-used-to-exploit-computers
...the number of CPUs. When threads are waiting for a non-CPU resource, ideal number is higher.
okay then :) I might update later
Is it possible to call this method via reflection? (Supressing security checks)
It should be possible to do this if the SharePoint administrators have given you permissions. Having said that, this is not programming-related. I suggest this question is closed.
Of course if this is an AJAX page where the controls are created after the first page request then viewing the source in this method may not be possible.
Thanks Stephen. I could not find the error even after using Guard Malloc. The problem is that I am not getting any error when running the app on the simulator. It is causing trouble only with the device. Any suggestions? Thanks.
I don't think there is a better way to do it. However you define that. If you mean without using a sub-query... You could add an INNER JOIN against (SELECT PatientID, MIN(VisitDate) FROM Visit GROUP BY PatientID). But that's just the sub-query in disguise.
I understand Object class provides a default implementation, but that's not a reason for it to be concrete. The Object class could be marked as abstract even though all the methods are implemented.
0000123.toi gives 123 - which makes sense to me. Hence the comparison fails when you turn that back into a string
XE limits you to 4 gigs of user data, and 1 gig of memory. If you can fit into restrictions like that, just use SQLite, imho..
Short of writing a parser, which I really don't want to do - I would consider that overkill in this case.
I'd add an ORDER BY SortColumn to the end of the first statement as well, just in case.
The queries I'm combining are being created in the way you described from part of an XML document. Maybe I can repurpose that to accept multiple XML documents.
+1 the big advantage here is that the audit tables can be added later with no change to the schema that they're auditing; thanks, I was wondering how to accomplish this for a db i'm building!
html: 
Subversion doesn't require Apache--you can run it over SSH, or directly on a repository that exists in a local filesystem.
updated my answer to work with images :)
I would tend to agree with you. However, the question is not that they do not understand the needs (cars having wheels), just that they might propose to use polyester instead of vulcanized rubber for wheels - maybe because you get different colored wheels. I get your point, though. Thanks!
Out of curiosity, why do you need both to be evaluated? Normally, if they are free of side effects, shortcircuiting is desirable. And why would valid? have side effects?
He should, in fact, name all of the fields on the table to make a fair test.
Sam The web is html.  Html is text. Big fat binary lumps isn't the best way to render text.
I'm interested in seeing the answer to this as well.  :)  Good luck!
I know I can easily work around it, but makeresourceful otherwise works so well I really want to understand what I am doing wrong here.
You can, but they would still be readable by a rogue script on the server, if it knew where to look.
I could re-create the bug in some cases. It occurred if I set a background colour of the one and only label I had in the data template. Not setting the background and there was no issue.
No.  CTEs can only be used on a single operation.  INSERTSELECTDELETE whatever, but they are basically consumed at that point.
Ok, that's somewhat of a pain, since I really want to know the value of the last line in the file, but I can make it work.
be sure to also read the article mentioned by ionut (https:developer.mozilla.orgenImages,Tables,andMysteriousGaps). it goes into great detail and talks about future fix
Ok, but its my question, I just wanted a quick and dirty answer, don't be so sensitive about your link.
Thanks for the answer, I responded in an edit to the question.
yes, explicit cast is needed.  It says: cannot implicitly convert 'long' to 'int
See also this follow-up question: http:stackoverflow.comquestions487485are-hard-coded-strings-ever-acceptable
If caching's ever a problem when it comes to remote includes, most browsers will kindly reconsider if you just pass a timestamp into the URL...
(It doesn't solve the syntax part, but it does solve the usage part.) Unfortunately my web server seems to be down at the moment, so you can't follow the links, apparently. Will look into it.
I know about the risk. But I have to made difficult decision how to develop new projects  modules. Continue to write messy PHP code without unit  functional tests or switch to a MVC framework, Symfony or RoR. This is a very subjective topic and I didn't wanted to ask such questions.
I'm 100 sure that there was a question like this before but I can't find it
When I add constraints to avoid the 'scripts' etc arguments, like this if (propertyID != Scripts && propertyID != Content && propertyID != scripts)...the view loads, but without the scripts and the associated css...arghhh!!!!....
Thanks! This solution wasn't exactly how I thought I'd go about it, but it works.
You do, however, probably want to use ROWNUMBER() rather than RANK() in general.  In this case it doesn't matter because ROWID is unique, but if you are ordering on a column that can potentially be non-unique, you don't want multiple rows with the same rank.
Hey - this is nearly identical to what I was about to post!
Perfect, thanks :)
I deleted the 2nd sentence and added a clarification to make more obvious the point I was aiming for.
Unfortunately the best documentation is on their web site and by reading through the header files and LUA scripts they provide.
this was great! i have been looking for this information like crazy! =) i do hope though that this would be simpler in the final version - after all, responding to and testing ajax requests should be made as easy as possible since it's something we will all do very often.
Thanks for the comments MattK, as you can see I worked out what it was :(
I have been searching such a tool for 2 years. No luck yet.
Right, you can always code-generate your SPs - treat the templates as the real code and anything which is code generated as simply an output of your development process.
-              java
litb: Seems to me you've done some reading as well ;) Could you check if my own conclusions are correct?
Could you explain the error in mine?
I'm very new to this forum, where do I find the class library design guidelines? I did a search on the forum and came up with many results, none of which look like an official FAQ or code repository for the site.
Yes, AviewAnew's first sentence is misleading.  Any many-to-many relationship should use a mapping table.
Andreas, the [1:].  I abstracted out the division to make it clear that any function could be there.
Beautiful.. Thanks.
I've never tried integrated perl and C++, but I think you need to use XS: http:www.johnkeiser.comperl-xs-c++.html
Pax - but if you're using an array, aren't you going to need to shuffle the array elements on either insertion or deletion?
click Upvote:here is the beginning of the code so you can understand (((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((()(()(f=(n+n)((()(f(=9)n(n+1(((((((((((((((((((((((((((
What if Terminal isn't running? This will launch it, scaring most users.
Oh I see. :) Another possibility is to just write a .NET console application to do it. You get all the libraries without all the fuss.
Is there a specific message that the COMException shows?
practice is the noun, practise the verb.
He did mention Excel so I assume he uses Windows.  And when people use Microsoft SQL Server, I have found it's about 50 likely that they tag the question simply sql.
edited the question now.
Other than exception, you have only error codes. But exception gives you full object you can construct and return.
Currently the problem is manifesting on a development box. However, the software will eventually be deployed on client machines (rather than hosted). If there is no other solution, though, I can at least document the setting in a 'troubleshooting guide' (particularly if it is Excel version specific)
Well, how do you know that any large application (single or multi threaded) is bug free? You can't. But apart from that I think it's possible to write relatively safe multi-threaded code, if you know and obey the rules. Most of the time trying to get better performance will introduce bugs, though.
I thought about this for about 15 minutes and I think you might be onto the best solution here. The differences from this and the other solutions are subtle yet very important. I'm going to think about it a bit longer though before accepting this answer.
I don't think it would be that much of a stretch.  We have been coding in CC++ at school for most classes but when I come home and I'm not doing homework I've been doing personal projects in C.  There was no conflict and if you stretch out learning the languages over your 4 years, it isnt bad
Moonlight is as you say a Silverlight implementation, just thought that they probably have the same issue as you do; interaction with browsers of different versions. So therefore I would guess they have adapters for the different browsers that may be reusable.
I've been using vim and python for years and yet this suggestion just blew my mind. No idea why that never occurred to me.
What do you mean by modify the object cookie? Are you saying cookie = xxx, or are you actually changing the object itself e.g. cookie.setProperty(xxx)?
The problem is in fact related to exceptions, but the thing is, I caught the thrown exception using a try...catch block, but lines of code are still ignored.
Doh. I'll fix the write error.
3.03.5 has been available via windows update, but it's an optional update.  Optional updates are rarely installed.
As far as I know EL works without the declaration of any taglib, in fact, it doesn't use any taglib. And, <= 10  20 > correctly evaluates to 200.
Can you post the snippet of code tat does the loading. Will be easier to show you rather than explain in a generic way
Please don't call it casting - it's conversion, not casting
Code re: Lambda (I've never even looked at LINQ.)
I've had some luck with the VRFY command, often with the smaller sites.  I think Google would return try sending it or something along those lines.
I'd love to see an implementation of this one. Genetic algorithms intrigue me greatly...
Microptimization is bad for your health.
Nick: Thanks - just what am looking for :)
If you are using mingw perhaps this is a little more straightforward http:sig9.comnode35.
Vinegar
If Vim is set to auto-indent, then pasting code that already has space indentation will indent even farther. It's compounded with each pasted line.
Not at all because the core needs to response to GUI events, and the GUI needs to responde to core events. And maintaining that is very simple because I don t have to care about the GUI in the core (and vice versa).
We test it in production ...
Nice, and quite self documenting.  However, it's not always nice or even practical to let bugs dictate your page layout, and I don't like the recommendation of using > to target other browsers.
So which is the correct way?
Also, tyvm for the bounty even though I only got you half-way there.
I just found this workaround yesterday, so I'm making a public record so I won't lose it again.
I see now, what database are you using?
Which one is used more often? Which one should I use the most?
Whoa, same question, essentially the same answer, and he even used the word pedantic with regards to Java!
I have to say that NetMeeting is hideous.  VNC is a good deal better.
Hmm. Might post it as an actual answer so it's more discoverable. ;)
So should I ditch the retain and release or what would be an appropriate solution?  I think I'm missing something...
Interesting workaround :)
The time it takes for the compiler to print the warnings is completely and utterly uninteresting in this matter.
I've got high hopes for the new Palm Pre when it comes out.
Marlon - no prob, although I'll probably will get this downvoted very quickly - for some reason people seem to abhor reflection - which BTW NHibernate uses all over the place!
+1 for drive-by coward
Thanks.  The problem that I described was actually caused by me (of course) :).  I had some other funny stuff going on in this project that I took over.
Why, thank you :)
We have the issue of those new to the team tend to drone endlessly.  A good SM will cut them short and instruct them offline on how it's done.
You might want to edit that to facet - otherwise it sounds like you want to do (human) face recognition.
Springloops has a built-in deploy system, that can push to your web-server, over ftp.
Thanks, but I already read the MySQL manual on it. Hoping for some further explaination.
MSBuild does not hang.  It must be some memory leak in the IDE or something.  This is an acceptable work around for now...thanks.
Everything is by reference in Java.
will that work even the file is so huge like the one i currently need to work on is 25MB?
What do you mean by capture?
hmm...LINQ To SQL, you gotta love it
Axelle: You're missing the meaning of pass by reference. Java does pass arguments by value. If it had pass-by-reference, the effect would be very different. You need to understand what pass-by-reference really means. It's not the same as pass a reference by value.
What does, I have a function that calls A's function through B, actually mean. Show us the calls? This looks like it might be a design fail.
Steve, Do'h! Fixed.
Thanks. Firefox both goes to the anchor and open the new tab, a combination of what Chrome and firefox do.
Craig, this is what I have today. As I pointed in my question, it must be more light, and Im not sure about the size of a enumerated type. Also to stream 1 Byte, is more easy than stream Enumerated types. The code to test the bit values will be embedded inside a TStatus object, like Status.IsLoaded
that's true, but at least it limits the attack possibility to one directory rather than one of the attackers choosing.
Can I set the boolean variables to static as well?
good job cleaning that up
Thank you. I suppose this means that the choice between the two is critical. In our case, this means that BinaryFormatter is king. We want the STATE of the object saved for reconstitution. The XML, not so nice for this purpose. I see its use, but if all you need is saveload, then Binary wins.
As it happens I do have just an odd class but Ifigured I'd ask in the more general case when you wanted both.
Wouldn't you want that sort of config to be updated on the client
More specifically, it compiles, but the TextBox isn't continuously being written to.
Quite an interesting question, must say! +1
My god you know what you are talking about! Will you please look at my other question and help me out it seems you may be my only hope! http:stackoverflow.comquestions518239c-issue-what-is-the-simplest-way-for-me-to-load-a-mdb-file-make-changes-to-it. Thanks! Ill see if this works for me.
None of the points above reflect my opinion, which is a nuanced mix of the three. They are exaggerated for the sake of making a point.
I can't believe someone just put scott-guthrie as a tag....
This one seemed to do it for me, the other good examples inserted the text multiple times (one for each new line I think) I just had to add -type file and change the -e to -i to get sed to update the files.
No, because I'm specifying the encoding iso-8859-1 (which is Latin-1, i.e. ASCII with Umlauts). If your String contains other characters (above codepoint 256), you must use something else here but Latin-1 is usually good because it doesn't change anything.
Um...no it wouldn't.  The fields are marked as final, so they can't be reassigned.  And it's not threadsafe because 'left' and 'right' could be mutable.  Unless getLeft()getRight() returned defensive copies (useless in this case), I don't see what the big deal is.
wtf?  why would this get voted down?
Erick :)  Had few quick draw wins today
ActionAttribute or AuthorizeAttribute?  A little code would help, too.
There we go - I've posted it now. Thanks for the continuing help :-)
Yeah, in this case he is saying it is a database column, so you would need to pass the OutOfStockOnly flag to the repository.  The Repository's task is to handle all communication and whatever for the specific task of retrieving the item from wherever it is.
Use expression blend to do it.. Check out this blog too http:www.designerwpf.com20080324styling-the-combobox-dropdown-popup
Yup, that's the idea.
Yes, if you need to pare down the source subquery, by all means do so ... the point is that since the given example is about tacking on additional info and pretty-ify the result-set, the pretty-ification aspect should be separated out. My answer separates the source query from the prettiness.
Do you use the same root-level logger?  i.e., logging.getLogger()?  If so, you need to fix that first.  If not, please provide some of the getLogger calls in those modules.
Could that be worked around with a script task?
Oh, I didn't realize you wanted all the other parameters passed as query strings. We don't pass ambient values to the query string. They have to be defined as part of the route.
Reusability has a place: but udfs in this context are a performance killer. I'd use this udf to resolve a single name in places, not for a set based operation. I also wouldn't use a view, personally, because the temptation is to reuse it and kill performance again.
On MacOS I was open it everywhere (Safari, Preview) - so I never thought of the original image being corrupt. Thanks for the hint!
how can i unmerge cells if they are merged in whole worksheet?
This is an interesting solution.  I too have found Iterators to be useful, but this was not a solution my mind would have come up with.  I like it.
If you don't want to use a framework or write the equivalent code, you should at least put the script at the bottom of the page (not in header) and so that it runs after the all of the HTML has been parsed.  That would probably work reliably in this case, though not for all types of manipulation.
+1 I second the  no single place... thoughts.
Thanks,but the game itself should be written with C.
I get it!
An extra step you will have to take if the kiosk user is not a member if Administrators is to change the registry permissions on the auto-logon key to allow the kiosk user to update it; the kiosk user can then remove the change rights itself during its first login.
I think they get confused as soon as I call it a folder... like I said in my question, they don't seem to think of it as a folder.
That's not what the question is about.
Hewitt's Actors took something like that idea a long way.
why do you think that means avoiding float.h ? well i think it wants you to use some function like ldexp, FLTRADIX (or whatever it's called) and stuff
logging.isEnabledFor might work, since I think it was the calls into the Logger methods that look the time. I like this as a potential solution, despite the fact it's annoying to do conditional creation. I'm going to try to dig up the old code base and see if this works.
Yes I have control over drawing and that's really about it other than setting movements, velocity, etc for the shapes I draw. I will have to speak to my instructor for more details on what I'm able and unable to do, so I will try to find out tomorrow.
Whether or not the naming is spot on, at least someone is throwing common code in a common class.
if you break the build, you get to stay late and fix it
Also, in many (not all) cases, the simplest code will actually run faster, since the compiler will be able to optimize it. (assuming, of course, that the guys who wrote the compiler are smarter than you -- which they usually are)
Thanks for the size reality check. Part of my concern was having any extra download requirements at all, not necessarily the size. But as you, and many others, have pointed out, my worries were in vain. Thank you.
No, the value is not copied on the stack, so when the value is needed for reading (after being initialized... ok mutable variables are not recommended), you must get the value from the reference.
Personal preference. This question is about the business of programming. Not the actual activity of programming. I know that I have a more narrow view of Programming Related than most people, but it is the view that I have so it is the one that I use. To be honest I doubt that it will get closed.
I agree, a= b++ + b++ is a nitpicker question. There is no relation between knowing the answer to this question and being a great programmer.
bumping this thread
Im starting to realize that the question is way to broad to actually have a good answer.
Can you give me more detail?  I thought my options were to clone or copy; will git pull give me an identical repository instead of remote tracking branches?
How is that not viewable achived? Would the Appdata folder have a specific settings in IIS?
Upvoting, since I've experienced exactly the same - in fact, compared to VS, I'm completely clueless as to how breakpoints work in XCode. I expected similar behavior to VS but alas, it was not meant to be.
From here: http:www.devx.comtipsTip14665
For the record, I've got extensive experience with dynamic typing. I've done web development in Ruby on Rails and PHP, I use Python and Perl extensively for all kinds of tasks and I've developed in VB6 for years.
Yeah, after Aram's answer caused an redefining constant error, this is what I tried and it worked.  But, Pantulis's answer let's me choose which environment from the command line.
i would not say this is how he does it. He's allocating a multidimensional array (an array of arrays) in one go. those memory are contiguous and can also be freed in one go. yours is allocating an array of pointers, making those point to unrelated memory. It's different. u should mention that.
The BindingSource it's attached to still shows all the rows so the BindingNavigator still goes to all of them.
Wasn't my idea, btw. I think it comes from Oracle world or something. It was used in the first actual project I worked on, and I've stuck with it ever since. :P
I did not know about StAX, but at first glance I would guess that the many trackbacks needed to access the data each tool needs at some point is going to be costly...
Richard Szalay, I wasn't sure.  The feature matrix says it supports reading pdfs, but whether it goes you an object model in the api to accesss parts of the pdf is something I can't say for certain.
I think this should be fine.  AFAIK, this is how the PHP DOM implementation works.
In addition, there is the destruct() method.
That one!!.. Thank you
More to the point: The CTM can change the aspect ratio or size of the point, but there's no changing the iron law that 1 em = the number of points you set as the font size. And you generally shouldn't worry about the CTM when drawing, anyway that's usually the point of changing the CTM.
I understand. But unlike the xsd->C mapping, which is a solved problem, C->xsd seems much more problematic, and I'm not sure you'll find a solution in that direction.
Actually, now that I think about it, we also have some artifacts that cannot be built on the command line or in an automated way, and we often vacillate over the question of it being worthwhile putting them in the repository (SWF <- FLA)
I agree, don't focus on license security... Focus on features that make people wanna buy your software. You'll never get rid of piracy no mater what precautions you put in place, simple or complex. So spare yourself the trouble and try to give your legitimate customers the best product possible.
I bet it's noisy
I think it would be simpler to have the MAX(versionNumber) be the active one. If they want to roll back to Version 8 from Version 10, then Version 11 is just a copy of Version 8.
I believe that you can also add image to the resource file.
I'm hoping to use non-Windows platforms (Mac, Linux, or Solaris), but I do have a Windows system.  I've used Doxygen before, and would like to take a closer look under the hood.
Good suggestion, many thanks.
hmmm... can u give me more information... im using c and i just want to Update  Insert Exchange contacts information
S.Lott's comment indirectly answered my question. In the context I used it, the comma in raise ValueError(card, 'is not a known card.') isn't operating as a concatenator, the way as it would in, say, print(card, 'is not a known card.') This was my error.
typo. Dang my dependence on IDEs.  Also, createfunction would be an alternative to the above, but I'm not sure I'd consider it more beautiful.
Thanks, this was what I needed
This is definitely NOT a star developer, IMO. -R
The index does not have to be of the unique type to support a primary key. In some cases (deferrable constraints or a PK on a materialized view) you'd definately want a non-unique index in fact.
If you 'catch' and then 'throw' (rethrow), you see two first-chance exceptions in the debugger.  With OP's strategy, you see one.  (I think) the goal is 'logging that does not ruin change the debug experience', which is why OP has the right idiom already.
Graphic design != UI design. The former is about making things pretty. The latter is about making things useful and usable.
When i use Disjunctions, some values return from the query but they the result which have any of these Features. I want to get Results which have only this Features ? so doesnt my query right ?
Annakata: Non english people still have spell checkers and can at least use proper caps and punctuation. I also at least expect them to ask a complete question. I can take the rest from there.
Hi Mike. Thanks for your question. Rails makes it that way. It turns out the DIV is not the problem, the form is (at least in my testing).
The best thing about kicking people when they're down is that you can usually get away before they get up again. The best thing about kicking people when you're climbing the corporate ladder is that you can kick them on the way down as well :-).
You are right. Agree!
Also, here is another symptom. If I use iisreset, the site gets normal data for a while. 
See http:stackoverflow.comquestions522684how-much-documentation-is-optimal-for-an-agile-project
you need to echo to stderr in order to get the message back to the client - use: ECHO bad boy 1>&2
Better than the accepted answer.
alwaysShowSelection:Boolean  [read-write] 
We're already using the datetime type this issue is that depending on the user's localisation setting the same identical valid datetime inputs can have different meanings.
Thanks for the update on the error report. Indeed, the most efficient situation for structs is to use an explicit backing field. If one is looking to initialize to something other than 0nullfalse, then this requires two steps if there is no backing field: null out and then set the actual value.
I think your right I'll have a look into NSCoding (unless you have a recommended linky), the objects themselves are made up on NSStrings that is all so I suppose I could just write my own serialiser and put them all into a string array
joe: Ever heard of the Amiga? :)
Phil, you didn't mention anything about a DBGrid in your question. In that case, TOndrej's answer is better because of the appearance issue.
There you go, sorry I got the name wrong.
for both types. Thus we end up with two rules applied to Freshman when only one should be applied. If there isn't possible I'm not apposed to dropping the support for attributing interfaces (not sure it makes much sense anyways) I just didn't want to take a step backwards in functionality.
Thanks for your answers .. your first approach occurred to me too, however the second one is novel idea and you've given me the idea of potentially using a custom layout panel
You should probably go to your other questions and choose the correct answer, if they have one.
shouldn't the calls to `map()` read `this.map(this.chop)`?
It's not as bad as it looks. The only way you'll get code injection is if the users can control the hard-coded strings in the PHP code itself, and at that point you're probably screwed already.
Is this really a question? Homework?
Ahh, thanks. Just FYI to any others -- the source code was removed in Dec 2008, so you need go to a prior commit to see or download it: http:www.codeplex.commvcsamplesSourceControlchangesetview17126
Ok so it turns out it wasn't the  after all it was the  & in another attribute on the same line. That explains why there's no escape sequence for it!
Try running fledge.exe (in your simulator directory) with -help option.  It looks like there might be a command line option to disable particular errors using ignore-error=int or maybe in your case ignore-error=104
You have the exact OS version above, or do you need something more? I'm at home now and it works on Ubuntu 8.04. I'll provide the package version tomorrow if I can find it (I'm not that good with RPM and YUM). :-)
when something goes wrong and you have a problem the answer is just a phone call away (and cash if course).
I will think about that. At the moment my idea would be to add a StateContainer instance to the method signature...
Actually, it's usually activated by a single click (In shakePhotoshop). That said, I've only seen such controls in fairly high-end applications, where they are absurdly useful and nice to use. I agree they are a bit obscure and unobvious for a normal desktop application.
I've updated your question with an important bit of info from your comments! Can you provide more information on how many users you expect at peak, and what technologies you are using (Flash video? Windows Media?)
Read will fail when the driver says RTS is off. When it happens depends on the driver implementation. BTW, when the read begins to succeed: ater reboot, after device reattachment, after timeout?
Thanks annakata. And annakata and Dimitre, cool down a bit. Thanks to you both
Hi Nick, 
In FORTRAN you do not write the line number before every line of the program. That's what we are talking about here :)
Oh my! Not it works. Do you have an idea that will let me not have to add all field in the group arrayObject1 by new  arrayObject1.Id, arrayObject1.Name . In fact the real object has several property. Isn't there a way to group by all field except x?
No problem :) I'll keep the answer until you update the question if you want to do that.
It seems that this is the only practical way to go for now.
Ionug G. Stan: True. Updating my answer to reflect that
BTW, grad school for me was back around 1992-1994.
Any link to validate this?
AnthonyWJones - you can use IncludeSubdirectories to include or exclude them. 
shouldn't builddatefromparams go into the application controller rather than the application helper?
Thanks, el, I really appreciate it.  I wouldn't mind a little vote up, either :)
Most of the deployments we're looking at are not huge (4 or fewer nodes) but I'm really curious to hear about significantly larger deployments, mainly to see if these solutions scale linearly as is claimed in much of their documentation.
Instead of the space you can use , e.g. StringFormat=0 - 1
Your experience that most embedded programmers are electrical engineers is different from mine. Yes there are some, but I have mostly been involved with Computer Engineers and occasionally Computer Science grads.  Maybe DoD contracts require a bit more Software discipline than the commercial world.
I typed Algorithm as that seamed to me what I was after. The auto complete put in genetic algorithms. I am happy to remove the tag if it is wrong.
That's the confirmation I was looking for... Our setup is nowhere near as complicated, but rummaging around in an un-versioned config file gives me the heebie-jeebies. I'm going to try this and see how it goes. Thanks!
I realize this is the best practice in general, but I'm wondering about this from a Rails perspective. A lot of rails apps I have seen make use of these script generators which seem to just output script blocks where ever they are called...
Shouldn't AreSame be generic method with class constraint?
That's no help -- I need to see what the actual number of pixels between two elements is. Those pixels could come from padding, margins, or all kinds of other things. That's why I need to actually count pixels, right off the rendered page.
20log(x) = 10log(x2), and it is 32767 because 16 bits encoding is usually between -32768 and 32767 (I am not 100  sure, though, I don't have a reference in handy). The latter difference is pedantic, though, as it won't change much your result.
We can either use toy GUI builders like old VB and have to deal with ugly glue code, or we use APIs that frustrate us to no end, like trying to sort out layouts in Swing.
Good idea, but Appu just responded to my comment saying that 'text' is a local variable initialised after main() has started, at which point all globals have been initialised (in some order).  So AFAIK the static initialisation order fiasco cannot be the problem here.
Your answer has no way to correlate the client key (unique identifier in your answer) with a registered client on the service side.  I need to do that else I could have any random software accessing the service and that's precisely what I'm trying to stop.
Thoroughly unhelpful comments guys...
Yep, I've enabled HTTP Proxy Connection and given it the local proxy within General->Network Connections, still no dice.
defensive shouldn't hide any logically errors with proper error reporting. If you check for null and report an error if null is encountered then you're being defensive and you can spot logical errors quickly and easily without potentially killing a production application.
I feel like a complete idiot. You're 100 right. Works now with mod rewrite enabled.
+1 for the Git solution. :)
We wrote an entire framework and tools to rename things across code, VSS, windows filenames and Exchange at one job (in 2001, in VB6). Yeah they had crazy naming standards and changed them near-daily.
Maybe something has changed since I started using it.  Can you point me to some documentation of this?  Thanks Andy!
Again?.. Regardless, that is fantastic, the last time I used an VWD was 05 and obviously you weren't able to compile.  Good to know they added it to 08.
Thanks a bunch! After playing around a bit with the Django ORM to get the correct GROUP BY functionality I pretty much have it working. Thanks again
Sorry, missed your comment.
Thanks.  This and CGI.escape both work nicely.  I went with this one, though.  (Fewer requires.)
This is wrong. Add one :)
usually people say build the site first, add js later. that gets you into some trouble and this method is meant to fix those troubles
If this is an interview question, the interviewer probably not only wants to see 'the code' (many fine solutions posted) but also a discussion of recursion versus iteration (see e.g. David Hanak's answer) and stack versus heap.
1. why not `isFnTmp = typeof fn === function` - `instanceof` breaks across frame boundaries! - 2. how do you plan on handling `window.func = function func() `?
dmckee, I've used regexpsed to come up with a solution.  Does it work to your liking?  =]
Figured it out.  See the post edit.
I guess your right, int ain't necessarily 8 unless your compiling in 64 bit mode for 64 bit platform.  Looks like MSvc 2008 still build 4 byte ints out of the box.
it's strength <spelling nazi> :-)
I'm not planning on downvoting.  It's as if you said you thought typing worked just fine with two fingers.  More to be pitied than censured. ;-)
Christoph: then I would recommend double checking that the flag was indeed set, by reading it. I updated my answer with another asm snippet.
Yeah, on pre-Penryn CPUs unaligned SSE reads will kill performance. Supposedly on Penryn, though (I don't have one to benchmark), the CPU will just do two aligned reads and use the Penryn Super Shuffle Engine to piece them back together into the requested unaligned read, so they're not so slow.
And the backup of the latest version of the multiple revisions is very valuable!  Nice answer.
I suggest you avoid using phpMyAdmin for anything; it's not a useful tool. Its behaviour is too unpredictable and it has a lot of bugs not present in the command line client.
Andomar: That's actually f'n brilliant.  +1, and it's not even my answer.
I have two classic ASP apps that I wrote 10 years ago that I supposedly still support. But I refuse to go into the code and do much. Its a waste of time. I finally got the word last week that they are scheduled for destruction in April. :)
Another abuse of the offensive tag.  Anonymous person, what exactly do you find offensive about this question?
Not sure how this meshes for DDD, I think its fine.  This is similar to what I'm thinking, though I just had the Address class managing this from a static Country list that gets set at the application start.  I think I like yours better.
I simplified the original example a bit, but I think you will still have to set the retention to runtime. Class level would suffice if you only wanted to match by annotation, but you also need to access it at runtime to register profiled events.
EnocNRoll If you yell Who wrote this sh.t?, are you talking about something that smells or not?
+1 for being open about this being a homework assignment
I could get even stranger, by using http:search.cpan.orgperldoc?Devel::Callsite.
I am doing a:
dehmann, facilitating bone analysis & small resolution andor watermark?  Doesn't seem to be a good fit.
Valentin: [Serializable]
Your final edit should actually be posted as the answer to the question. Then it can be upvoted as others find it useful.
Depends on the size of the file. Isolated storage has pretty low default limits for file sizes (1MB I believe).
It won't but at least it will show which SP's are used and which not, and that will help you to find unused tables.
Thanks for your answer. Unfortunately a SocketException is never thrown. Select() signals an error by keeping the socket in myerrorlist, instead of removing it.
Iron Python is just a command line interpreter, and doesn't integrates to Visual Studio. Delphi uses begin and end instead of braces, which is worse.
Besides that, you should always define your colors correctly, no matter if the alpha is currently ignored because of the function chosen to select it, it might change in the future.
I really didn't know that. But since your'e telling me, i would guess it's possible to refer to resources in this file, from server markup in the .skin files. That's my guess, but probably these are not directly accessible from a aspxascx, but only in the actual skin file.
My solution is incomplete because it only works one way. The way it is designed to work, when you commit a change, you enter a fogbugz case number. Then, when viewing the subversion log, the case number will be a clickable link to fogbugz.
SVN isn't broken for me. I use it.
Thanks for the link.  I ran the utility on some files that the user would of, and the compare output was a nice format.  Unfortunately it inaccurately marked some of the xml as different when it was not.
+1 much better suggestion that with nolock
Just terrible...how could they have thought that And should not short circuit???
Woah, you hit gold, I'd say - I compiled this without any dll's at all, as a simple console program, and it is not losing handles anymore. Now I gotta check which dlls are losing handles, any why. Thanks!
I like your dialog example. But I would give the user an option to change his choice at a later point, too. That's what the preferences are for, IMO.
I too do this. It's much quicker to insert an email into a database table and you can also keep a record of emails sent.
How do you compile with optimization on ?
Sam, You're welcome. You could avoid a recompile by installing the x86 version of WinDbg (it will run in Wow64)
+1 Thanks. The Site Name was just the first example I thought of when writing the question, my use case is for something else.
Good find on the approval starter kit, thanks...not sure how I missed that. +1
I'd say that for longer table names (andor ones you don't necessarily own) aliases can end up being more useful than the tablenames themselves.  I'm looking at YOU, HP Service Desk schema.
I'd say: It's XML and therefore very easy to determine if the syntax is correct (without knowing the schema). (for humans AND for computers)
That was cold to close this question, when it really wasn't a duplicate at all.  I think you guys overstepped your closing power.
I was aware of parameterized queries. I could do this, but the code would be complicated. I have several fields to search, and a user defined number of strings to search in any field. I'd have to generate input parameters and parameter names dynamically as I loop through the strings.
Thanks Dayv8, i think your is the smartest answer :) Thanks again
Desktop Java sacrifices memory for speed.   Small JVM's like jamvm or squawk use a lot less memory but cannot run so fast.
After looking at his question, I think this is the best option for what he wants to do.  Otherwise he might try attaching methods to objects, but I don't think that'll help him in this case.
Injection attack = a result of not sanitizing input, yes?  (Didn't bother to include that in this example) -- You are correct, that minor change fixed my problem! Thank you!
Where have you been looking? Sure it does.
See my comment on your post above, the new error is being caused by the fact that multiple tables you are referencing have the column name you are trying to select. You need to select ppp.[passenger-id] or select ppff.[passenger-id] to remove the ambiguity.
We used this very successfully
thanks a lot :) really helped +20rep for you
That doesn't actually do the same thing as combining to the single projection, and (as you yourself observed) returns very different data... not sure this is especially helpful?
Nothing. this is the default .net Main constructor for a Winform App, IE Application.EnableVisualStyles();   Application.SetCompatibleTextRenderingDefault(false); Application.Run(new MyForm()); and nothing more. I think The problem occurs before, ie when the clr loads my assembly
My biggest problem with Flex Builder is that its expensive, and I'm cheap. FlashDevelop is free, small, and efficient, in my opinion (grant you, lacking debugging). I was not aware of FDT, now I am: did you know that it has a free Open Source Development licence?
-1:As I would like to know WHY my solutions isn't a good idea, at least a hint and then I'll read the book. Actually I am looking for how I can replicate the data-base.I would like at least two database servers to feel secure. Load balancing can occur in many ways,I'll certainly check out Wackamole.
what error do you get? And please put your code in a format block.
It's a MySQL import, done by running   `mysql < file`   from the command line. The import process is automated, so I'm trying to avoid touching the caller. It would be easy to write a bash to check for this, but I rather not modify the import script.
No... i've tried with several XML and all give the same error. It happened even with the simpler XML... like: <test><test>
Not really helpful, as most of the existing code works with TStrings. Or is there a way in recent Delphi versions to assign a dynamic array of strings to a TStrings object? To sort it? It would also be missing the Objects property. There are enough reasons to stay with TStrings.
If fn() were virtual, there would be a section of memory somewhere (called a vtable) that would include a pointer to B::fn().  There would be only one for the class, not one for each class object, and so would not show up in sizeof(B).
Vote for close as exact duplicate. http:stackoverflow.comquestions24901 ... http:stackoverflow.comquestions53455 ... http:stackoverflow.comquestions484462 ... etc
DV is all I-Frames.
Having more than one entry relate to basicdata is the whole IDEA of relational databases.  And it is not unidirectional -- it is bidirectional, but with a one-to-many relationship from the basic table to the leaf tables.
Agreed. I use what I wrote often enough, but never with a file upload. Maybe something like Flash or Silverlight might be a valid option?
Mitch Wheat, Downvoted mattland and upvote you mitch. That is my prerogative.
I updated my answer with an example for passing input arguments, just in case you need it.
This was going to be my suggestion too: <div class=col>...1st third of results...<div><div class=col>...2nd third...<div><div class=col>...3rd third...<div> and CSS: .col  float:left;width:33; 
Won't that work with curly brackets too?
Do or do not. There is no try. ,-)
chaos  Perl prototyping bad.  Avoid!  Flee!  Not only is it difficult to use and loaded with traps, but the user thinks they're passing a copy to a subroutine when they're really passing a reference which the routine might modify.
its not for FLEX3, its in FLASH PLAYER 10
what if you have set NOCOUNT to on? will this still work?
Given the confusion it clearly sows, I'd say it's bad practice
Then you'll probably have to create a temporary file andor use ConfigParser.readfp() to scrap the comments.
Sound to me like you're trying to do something that you shouldn't do. Could you explain what the reason is that you want to do this?
Lol, it isn't actually an 'error', it is one of those Internet Explorer related issues. I'm pretty sure somewhere you can tell Ie to trust localhost, or else try clicking on it and enabling the activeX component - it'll probably work after that
buyutec: Well then you deserve my downvote. I would feel ashamed of myself if I had your outlook.
(value == null) would return false. (value.Equals(default(T)) would check against the default.
Well it makes a difference if you are testing localhost vs your URL.  That was my question to you.  Since your are doing both by localhost, are you doing them while the server is processing real requests?
I wonder... for really long numbers, what would you store the product in? :]
Four. Of course, I spot a couple of anti-idioms, too. ;-)
I am out of votes otherwise I would
Any table that has C01..C04 is almost certainly not normalized.
For that scenario, perhaps the type of wrapping that Astoria does is the way to go...
The only change in character class notation, is that they must be inside of <>. Which would allow you to do <-[a-z]> for negation.
It obviously doesn't matter for this small example, but I would suggest using the more verbose staticcast<double> as it can be difficult to find c-style casts.
This was the problem.  I simply set processToRun.StartInfo.RedirectStandardInput = true and xcopy worked perfectly.  
Huh. General(ist) is on the warpath :) C'mon VonC, take it ease. There is still your disclaimer on top of your answer. It was a fair play. Thank you for your honesty.
Going via a byte array? Ouch.
This is susceptible to a man in the middle attack.
Thanks for all the replies. Sorry my comment did not out right since this comment field seems to ignore new lines.
So is this actually used by 2ndlife? Are you an employee of that company now? Yes - it was Gothenburg! :-)
I feel your pain
Oops. I missed that event
I am the one trying to connect to a socket. I have edited the question to make it more clear.
Just buy a copy of XP and dual boot it.
ad ad 2. Why you not wrap your event handler into some wrapper which will take care about receiving and replying instead doing it explicitly in it? Why not separate communication from message details mangling? I know it is difference in functional and OO approach and I'm used to think functional.
I would like to add the comment that this is ActionScript3 and I'm getting the info from an XML file that looks like this:
VirtualBox is awesome, I love it.
Thank you, that was exactly what I needed.
Womble, I understand that. I am not just going to give up and get myself in more trouble due to that. There is a way, and this isn't one of them. I understand once it's downloaded I can open my activity monitor and download it once it's finished. But so people can't send the links around.
One's allocated to the heap (unless operator new is overriden), and the other is allocated on the stack.
I raised this question since I needed this piece of codes in a larger SP, not just a SP for this job.
Pax, the OP doesn't know about static, so you suggest plunging him into the difference between compilation units and files ? :-)
MySQL has some serious issues that had yet to be resolved last time I checked. SQL Server Express (or MSDE) is infinitely superior.
I need the div for adding a google map to it.
Hm.. works here (using G++).
what's wrong with the code above??? just opened it up in FF3 and IE67, and the RED div takes up the entire cell.
Seems reliable, but I have to say that's a really bizarre mechanism... String comparisons? 
Couldn't you return an Array of IImmutableObject[], though? I'm not trying to be argumentative, but that argument has never made sense to me.
Sorry, just added that info
Note that when Glass is turned off, for example under TS or when the user switches to Vista basic, DwmExtendFrameIntoClientAre is not going to work.
These are all broken.  Try to highlight foo in foo<blafoo>foo blabla foon fooo<foo>
Thanks so much! After reading your answer I ended up deciding to use nested for-in loops to go through my object hierarchy and check each Input object's document element against the passed e.target element. Maybe not the most efficient way, but everything works now! Thanks again!
It may not still exist after executing that line - it may have been garbage collected before that line. The JIT is smart - making lines like this almost always irrelevant.
Works for me console.log(labels[clastname]); or console.log(labels.clastname);
Good question, good follow-up, good answer of your own. +1 to both the question and the answer.
Show us how you create an array and what function you're using to count its values.
I hate these types of bugs, wait 12 hours and see.... Do you have any crash logs (which can be viewed from the organizer in xcode)?
I think a cell layout core complicated was supposed to be a cell layout MORE complicated :)
I was going to make the same comment.  Kind of odd.
Certainly seems like a valid page, entering SO as a term reroutes me back to www.google.com.au and presents what I'd expect to see (So up near the top).
Comes down to the blurry gray line between tracing and logging - logging of major events, vs tracing of process details. Sometimes the only way to diagnose a problem with a production system is to trace through a really detailed log with a magnifying glass.
it looks like you was one min faster than me, exactly the same answer ;-)
Option Explicit
I did something similar but simpler, using .post() to call a page, and the page only echoes out a 0 or 1 ;)
is there a reason you used Telerik as a tag? must the solution be available using Telerik controls?
Unfortunately, no.  We had VB6 data reports on a smaller project ~5 years ago and could not upgrade them, so our tech team rewrote the reports.
Edited to explain that
Thanks; I hadn't actually heard the term Heterogeneous Connectivity before. It sounds (in 10g, at least) that it encompasses both Transparent Gateways and Generic Connectivity Agents (ODBC, OLE DB).
check the updated post, i added comment for src as attribute.
I think stored proc is workable, but I'm still unsure the road block to me accessing System.Messaging from SQL Server Projects.  I'm googling this and getting mixed signals -- System.Messaging is untrusted so it SQL Server won't work with it, or is this wrong?
+1  Meld is slick, clean, just enough software.
bigmattyh: HTML is declartive, there are no features in HTML itself which allow it dynmically morph once loaded it'll just sit there until acted upon by an exterior force.
ask your teacher what features he wants then implement.  simple implies that it wont be every single thing in python being converted to ruby...
Both of these are just variations of what I'm doing.  The problem is that when this is displayed to the user for editing the Label field will appear with a setting even though it has not been set--it is just defaulting.
SELECT COUNT() FROM SOMETABLE WHERE 1=0 should return one row, with one column, the vaue therein being 0. The value it returns in that cell is 1, which is incorrect. This is a bug, and it is profound.
Or signed assemblies only can use signed assemblies? (this is slightly different from my previous affirmation.)
So what is your question exactly?
-1 there is nothing stating that 4.0 is breaking. 3.0 will work with a required change to host it in the provider. The core skills and understanding of how wf works in 3.0 will still be valid for 4.0.
Good call, with the requisite warning not to do things like if (queue.Count > 0)  ... dequeue ... .
Big vote up here. However, your Vista example I consider only partly Vista's fault. It's more a matter of programs not knowing about UAC, or not caring. I've noticed they have gotten much better about it in the last year. I don't have to enter my password nearly as much now.
Why would you want to prevent the dialog from being resizable? I can't think of a case where fixed size would be better than resizable, but maybe I'm missing something.
Everything asked in this question has been discussed at length here, http:stackoverflow.comquestionstaggedmono
True, a good observation.
Accepting this as the answer is 15 points isn't it? Almost just as good! ;)
1) They are not on a domain and have diff up.  wnet api work fine even when you are working with 2 machines not in a domain.
language:cache, SMTP server is used to send mail. Its a failure mail(if we enter the wrong email ID)
Dan: What is the value of an uninitialized variable?
Thanks. I thought that for publishing site it is almost a must to create site definition( according by Andrew Connell's book and his blog posts like http:is.gdkNik)
That's true if your object's member field is of that enum type, but sometimes that's not the case - for example, a third party component may represent countries as ISO codes which you want to convert into your enum.
make: Nothing to be done for `all'.
Git From the Bottom Up(http:www.newartisans.comblogassetsgit.from.bottom.up.pdf) and Git Internals(http:peepcode.comproductsgit-internals-pdf) are both very good for understanding Git's structure. (Git Internals costs 9; I don't recommend the screencast on Git at the same site).
Thanks StingyJack.
Beg to differ... by itself, LINQ is nothing more than language extensions for querying collections.  The Providers (SQL, Entities, XML) connect LINQ to storage-implementation-dependent collections of dataobjects.
That's only avoiding A being twice in memory, it does not avoid any problems caused by the Diamond. See http:tinyurl.comabtjcb ; how do you implement getDepartment, that it always returns the right thing? You can't! Your design is flawed. See http:tinyurl.comccjnk6
FWIW, some Lisp implementations are extremely fast (such as CMU CL).  They may be unsuitable for other reasons (like lack of libraries, or bad integration with the OS).
Ah, I can see where this implementation would lead, and I like the idea.  There would be local queues of inserts (& deletes), and when the queue size reached some N, then they would be sent (in batch) to threads that would operate in parallel.  I like it.
I've used the message selectors approach, following a modified Competing Consumers pattern.  The performance was good enough for our app, which was processing about 1.5 million trans a day using about 4 or 6 sun boxes.
Did you try doing it?
doh, generic method of course! I hate late night coding! cheers
Thanks...I had actually tried adding those registry values, but had left out the InstallInfo key and values.  After adding those, works great.
I wonder what's wrong with this approach
Oops, I didn't see the Fluent part of your title...  Sorry about that.
SVN was designed to work using slow network connections. I have to use dial-up sometimes and it works well, its compressed diff-based system used to transfer data is efficient.
Re the notation: xi by itself is fine notation, and obviously accepted throughout math.  The summation is over i from 1 to N, which means it also includes i=1 and i=2.  That means that part of your sum is f(x1) and f(x2), which are the value of your function at the endpoints.  You may not want this.
-1 for not making any sense, i wish other people felt the same...
Oscar: this form is not 'I18N safe', it is one step further when a particular I18N technique is already applied. I think 'I18N safe' refers to general ideas making code more suitable for I18N. However your example qualify as well.
I do not think it is HW issue, since my hardware is 4G memory + 2 CPU (2.33G), is that enough?
Can you please tell me how to implement this kind of URL-Rewriting, How to point www.example.comcitydelhi to www.example.comresult.aspx?searchtype=city&cityname=delhi
refrence counting is correct and not the issue here (hence the reason it works fine in release builds). The problem is that under a debug build the fact next and prev are null seems to cause a crash in python when it comes to cleanup the object, so It would seem I need a way to initialise them.
This is quite far from a kludge. It's exactly the way it's supposed to work.
hasseg: thanks for such a wonderful explanation! You just beat me to it ;)
Sometimes the ideal solution is to reverse a bad decision made earlier on.  Programming (and life!) is easy when you make the right decisions at the right time.
Great question. I'll be looking forward for some answers, too!
I am quite familiar with the products you mentioned, and their services. I even referenced them in my post... the results are just staggeringly bad. And it still remains prohibitively expensive - in direct cost and time needed to review the massive results.
not possible to conditionally define functions without string eval
I agree - mixingassuming number of results on a page...
Also, stack walking has some rather unpalatable differences in 64 bit.
You, sir, are awesome! I skimmed your answer and it looks amazing! I'm going to check it out tomorrow.
Actually I gave this answer after I first looked at Mark's answer, then looked closer at the OP's connection string and I thought I'd share one of the most useful websites I know. :)
Well.. std is my point.  If a test has < stack > then I'd be screwed. Same goes for string.  I've never used either.  But they are in there. I mean they're simple but if I've got 1 min to answer a question. I might not have enough time to remember how to use them. I'd like to take tons of tests.
Building a dictionary on the fly is unlikely to be what you mean.   If you mean if-elif-elif then just say that.  If your meaning is This Key always maps to This Function then say that as an official first-class part of your program.
Oh, this is definitely an inline case. If I wanted block, I'd be using divs instead of spans.
Why don't you provide some information, like what the query looks like and what sort of data is being fed to it?
Thanks, the first part of your answer helped, not sure what you meant in the last one.
[morgancodes]: downvoting attempts to be helpful does not encourage others to help you.
Presumably the old branches can not be closed when a new version is released, because the old versions are still supported for customers using those versions.
I've done a lot of WinForms, not so many webforms.
David Aldridge: as a data architect, I use declarative RI in every schema because it adds value.  How much it helps query optimization is debatable, since indexes help far more than RI.
Thanks! I think the answer is that in this case, there's no real difference, since both procs are being called at the same level. If mySecondProc were to call myFirstProc, I see the difference.
mghie: Good point. I should have at least mentioned it in my reply; thanks for picking up the omission.
it is deleted, cannot be edited...
I'm happy you replied with this, because it was the first solution I found myself drifting toward.  As this problem definition expands, however, I'd be tempted to keep dumping code into the Employee...and it sort of just becomes procedural, no?
Huh? What's your question?
Do you realize that you're leaking a (potentially huge) image file? This answer can be summarized as catch the exception, it's pointless to provide example code... when you're at it, you may well add a VB sample.
Daniel: That's a good rule of thumb as it usually improves code clarity.  But IMHO there are times when combining action and query leads to clearer code, and (again IMHO) this is one of them.
Nanotechnology is one of the most abused buzzwords in science.  It might compare to object oriented programming or agile methodologies.
Sorry, I'll rephrase it :)
thats the thing, I don't want to map to the AdditionUse table, I want to map to the IngredientUse table, using AdditionUse as a filter and for extra info.  I guess I'll need to abandon NHibernate, or rethink how my tables are set up.  Thanks for the response.
Mark, explain the Boom part? Is it due to the fact that  T could be a value type -- and GetType is NOT available for it?
This code is not particularly readable...I think it is trying to be too clever.
I have two specific intentions for a url such as this,
Ross: Yeah, they still deliver the comic, that new guy is called Boris from Russia, and he is a Super Hacker LOL
select names from communications c inner join actorbase ab on c.actorid=ab.actorid where ab.actortype='worker'
and c.date between getdate() and dateadd(m,-1,getdtate())
Gulzar - Thanks for the link.  It 'scratched the itch,' although I disagree with Mr. Wiltamuth's first two lines of reasoning.  The with keyword, for me, has less to do with readability than it does about making the code easier to write...
This is at least as confusing and unexpected as the << semantics
Whats HA issues?
uniq: Returns a new array by removing duplicate values in self. uniq!: Removes duplicate elements from self. Returns nil if no changes are made (that is, no duplicates are found).
To summarize your answer: http:www.lmgtfy.com?q=disable+windows+key ;-)
Not really, but I tend to believe that an addon creates some overhead as opposed to chrome code (that resizing in the JARs), although both of them use XUL, CSS, JavaScript.
For a while, I think the OpenMode global variable could cause file-related code to be non-thread-safe, but that's fixed nowadays, and wasn't a major risk anyway since hardly anyone every writes to it.
I don't agree that this is an exact duplicate of the question about the XKCD cartoon.
I am actually talking about instantiations. (as in a blob of binary code having a linker-visible symbol) Sorry for the confusion.
litb: I think it is the other way round. inline is exempt specifically because having function definitions in classes will lead to multiple definition error.
If you make behavior only discoverable on hover, you'll have a very annoying design that slows people down. Slow=fail.
It's not what you don't know that hurts you, it what you think you know that ain't so.
I use this style even for a single table - so that all UPDATE statements are consistent, and a JOINed table can easily be added later.  Normally use U for the Alias for the table being updates:
Yes, you're spot on. Since we're delivering the information in the form of a JS include, I want to be sure I'm providing the right set of features andor other elements that should come with our data.
Did the client actually get the data back?
I used to do a bit of FPU assembly back in the day, but currently on x86 if you need to do hand optimised FPU assembly you should be doing it with the expanded instruction sets like SSE etc. As you won't gain much in real world performance using the FPU.
Are they both talking at the same time?  Ie, is this about separating two voices speaking over one another or just determining which one is speaking at a time?
Can you please format the source code
Are usernames and passwords hard-coded? In this terrible situation yes, he could log in. If these are checked against a database, then you can always change them. Distributed java EE apps also use sessions.
It's a fake table with one record. You can't have SELECT without FROM in Oracle.
Geo - what exactly do you mean by isn't working. Isn't working at all, isn't matching the things you want to match or ... ?
If I recall correctly, the ISO date format will always be recognised: '2009-02-15T00:00:00.000'
Very interesting stuff indeed  :)
If Gordon Bell, ajma, and LukeDuff don't mind, I would like to keep this question open to see what else gets submitted over the next few months.
If I'm understanding you correctly, I think that's what I'm doing already.  I'm taking the log of the counts and plugging that into the linear equation.
Paul: Strange. I know a lot of people who manage to use Microsoft products regularly. My grandmother, for instance.
I wasn't bashing. I was making a statement of fact. I have a genuine, real-world Perl script that happens to use this Perl feature. Now I'm porting it to Python. Python doesn't have this feature. That's just the way it is. If I didn't like Python, I wouldn't be porting the script in the first place.
Sweet syntactic sugar:  <http:dev.mysql.comdocrefman5.0engroup-by-hidden-columns.html>.  That'll teach me to talk about a product I don't use every day.
where's this COM component?  And what does mik mean?  Was that meant to be mix?
If you aren't an expert with the given logger, how do you know your logging level is high enough.  This isn't a problem when you're always on the same loggers, but after using 5 each with a custom interface (some set in Eclipse, some in xml, some in properties), I just have trouble trusting.
Nice one. I will give it a go (after lunch).
Yeah I think you're right but it just doesn't seem right that I can use 3 separate queries to get the same data in less than 250ms.  Sounds like the query plan is getting screwed up, gonna hit up some MS people tonight.
Thanks someone else provided me with this same link as well
The simplest version we do is to click through the use cases that are our main deliverables. At minimum we also include main alternateerror flows. This does not necessarily mean we'll click every buttonitem there is.
Jon - Yes, it's a lot nicer and with the extension, that's how I would do it to. But you could just as easily implement your NextInt32 in a similar fashion to mine. It's to bad that the Random class is this limited thing, it could do with some by ref and unsafe methods.
This works perfect!
This works good with Matlab, but I don't know if there is an option like this in Octave...
yay for generic parroting
The semicolon is useful if we want to combine lines of codes.
Your github link returns the fail octopus: That page doesn't exist!
Vladimir - with all due respect, I've seen an enormous number of code comments that have grown stale over the years. In theory, comments should be relevant.  In practice, not so much (I'm not downvoting you though - it is still a useful observation).
I am not asking about system limits I just attempting to gain some knowledge....
this won't work... the <...> lets ASP.NET know it is taking place during databinding... the ! must go after the .
Hardware RNGs are a no-go if you specifically need a PRNG, i. e. something that has reproducible output, which is a very important trait for use in simulations.
Your slightly faster version isn't monotonically increasing; -26 < -21, but f(-26) = -0.04 is greater than f(-21) = -0.05 (e.g., a more  negative value gives a less negative result).
You might try looking here for Windows ports of Unix utilities: http:unxutils.sourceforge.net
then just click the little floppy disk icon once you are finished to save the file
Yeah, I don't like solution one because it adds extra entities.
Your question does make the case that these 5 mods should look at those other open questions and decide whether they should vote to close or not, however that would spend some of their few close votes for the day on questions that are not on the front page. They need those votes for ones that are.
This is on Mac OSX, so Unix.
Bill: Put it this way - if Java didn't allow it and someone suggested that it should allow it, what would your reaction be? Would you really argue in favour of it? Or would you argue (as I do) that it's a pointless feature which needlessly allows misleading code?
I don't buy the compile time reason - it's obvious that you're looking up the method via a reference; how long does it then take to check whether or not it's static? I think it's easier just to consider it a language design mistake.
You have to give us more information before we can help you.  If it doesn't look like simple text, then what does it look like?
Are you using an item template?
well I can't find the bug for you because I don't know mootools. I explained why it seems like the expression is evaluating to both true and false at the same time! because the search key in the second time is the empty string.
the idear is that the public(key1) would be hardcoded into the client or some thing like that, if a hacker would be able to change that well then a MITM is of no use as he could just implant a logger of some kind, thanks for the tip about that asymetric encryption is slow didnt know that!
womble: Microsoft made the bad version of Hungarian notation so popular, there is no need to differentiate. Its forever marked as one of the stupidest things, no matter how good the original author's intent was.
Should be supported if IE6 is sufficiently updated. As far as I recall  somewhere around IE version 5.5 a new jscript engine emerged that supported push (before then I used home brew Array augmentations).
I do this in my unit tests instead.
Just a suggestion, but use Process Explorer and Process Monitor to get an idea whats going on 'under the hood'?
There is no problem with replacing n with <br>. It's the manner in which you sought to do it that is a WTF, especially since you're already using XML-parsing tools like XSLT and XmlWriter. These things are more than capable of doing what you want, in a manner than isn't hilariously broken.
now that this answer appears at the very top, can you please fix it so you define the vis outside main? You cannot define the type locally (local classes cannot be used as template arguments. but yours is (as argument to applyvisitor). otherwise fine i think so +1
Right on. It looks like I'm not the only one missing that ;)
Rest assured, this is just trying to add function to an old app via a DLL that I have control over. Related to my recent Q on sending a window message from a service, and not being possible. The added DLL could do it for me.
This works great if, like you said, you have both databases available to you, but in most cases I don't.
What are you trying to prevent? Them having access to your code or you just don't want them to see the page again once they saw it?
Not sure what you mean. I set a custom error in my virtual directory Right Click -> Properties -> Custom Errors. That is what should work but doesn't. If you mean something else, I can't find it.
I know I can do it my self. I'm just wondering If I can just use something someone else has used.
I pasted what I've got so far.  Almost... :P
Well I think that your schema would be simple to replicate on multiple databases.  The key would be reprogramming your code to use the different databases for each client.
The example program invoked what is undefined behavior for standard C++, but the question is about Microsoft SEH (Structured Exception Handling), not standard C++ exceptions.
Your not allowed to use the socket lib, would that stop imap from working?
You can't send raw IP packets (necessary for ICMP) without root privilege on many OS, and Java makes no public methods available to create your own ICMP packets.
Jackpot! I think I did need to change services to services[], but getlist r0xors for this. I thought I'd scoured the Django docs but apparently, I was wrong.
In a way I found a solution.  I removed the orchestration, promoted properties and on the second and third port, put filters where I defined BTS.SPName (which I thought was stored procedure name but now understand is Send Port name).  The routing issues were because I hadn't fully subscribed them.
That did it. Thank you.
Can't we all just get along?
Exactly, EvilTeach.  Well said.
cool.  Good job.  I figured it was easier to just show what I meant than do it through comments, hope you don't mind :-)
That returns a tag count of 2 when I tag a blog comment, since COUNT(blogpostid) is 1 and COUNT(blogcommentid) is 1.
In case people are wary to try a random app from the internet, I can vouch for it being innocuous.  (I'm one of the two friends with a hacked android, and eager to get to the bottom of this mystery myself.)
It's not just about `how often`. Actually, in modern LINQ days, I do it many times. However, it's really hard reformat the code. Forgetting continuation character is very common. Inserting a semicolon is a completely non-issue (just like pressing enter at the end of line).
Weird... I see in the code that the delegate is being given the id at all times...
+1 on the suggestions.
That's great, thank you.  I have VMWare, and a whole bunch of linux vm's I could run valgrind under.  Doesn't matter which OS I use.
By a square do you mean a pixelx,y coordinate or a 10 pixel block being a square?
I don't think details about your intent would overload the question.
The web service issues the key. It can be sure the initaial request is legit because it is the regular http request for the page. in the page you can use all the regular auth stuff. Then when you are sure of the legit request you issue a key that gets stored on the client for a limited time span
Though the start = appears twice, from the point of view of program flow, no additional logic happens.  The additional assignment could be written into a single assignment form, but I've expanded it for performance reasons.  Point was this is the only time I ever do this kind of thing.
You don't divide the exponent by 2, you reduce it by one, which is why it's 255 instead of 256.
Could you explain how it works?  Looks like it tries to close the process immediately after it opens.  According to procclose documentation, it will wait for the process to terminate - isn't this what we wanted to avoid?
This will work but it's a bad idea. It breaks several design guidelines and best-practices.
Get a different keyboard? Surely you can find one that has commas.  :-)
Man page for git-merge-base suggests it is not for Paduan learners...
Adriano Varoli Piazza: Excellent point!
I debugged the PHP code and there was a mistake in it. Fixed that, the variables were receiving the correct string to input and when the page is loaded, it's still not there. I'm using Firefox by the way.
One more: Are there any other newstrXXXXX functions in this library? If so, do they conform to their stdlib functions? For example, a newstrpos or a newstrcmp?
The C team doesn't control intellisense, they control the compiler. In any event that's not the main issue. I don't think var would have made the 100 points on saving typing alone.
So what about anonymous types?
Also, it will break just as bad as soon as you include the hours in the format string and are not at GMT+0, for the same reasons.
Linux, however, is different. It turns out that in Linux, the newInstance() method only works for direct (i.e. not inherited) members of the class we want to instantiate.
I mean, why would you think Microsoft's flagship developer tool wouldn't work on its flagship OS?
only works if the apps are on the same domain though, otherwise, it would be a security vulnerability.
+1: This answer helped me with an issue just five minutes ago.
thanks, i'm learning more. You think you know javascript then along comes a feature that becomes popular and you think i must revisit this language and realise you know nothing. lol.
-1 for saying that is derived from JavaScript (especially Actionscript 3).  They are two different languages.
Y-Axis: Time, X-Axis: Number of Elements. It would be cool if you could add o(n!) just for the sake of completeness, but I really like the graph :)
-1 unions have bad performance & this doesn't cover current year without modifications to the query.
What is the error? Can you post some code ?
midight will give you midnight today, which is in the past, rather than the future.
all is an alias for find :all.  There's no difference.
Really read the documentation on this one.  You can easily shoot yourself in the foot with this; lots of gotchas.
gethostbyname is deprecated for many, many years (one of the reasons being that it works with only one address family). As mentioned by qrdl, you should use getaddrinfo
just to toss this out there... technically a ray on the surface of the earth is not infinite, it will hit its starting point in approximately 13,000 miles of circumnavigation.
If I suppress Notices the way you suggest I simply get a blank page.
The environment variable didn't work for me, but setting the registry entry and rebooting did.
asking on SO is faster, and i'm sure it will benefit someone else somewhere in the world once google indexes it.  i don't use perl often enough that i can remember all the little tricks i used to know
The mapping of the City class is missing
No, because you believe in fairy tales like the distinction between functional languages and otherwise. For a LISP with a nicer syntax, try Logo, or Python, or Ruby. Inflicting Java on a beginner is just cruel. A child doubly so.
Well, either the aspnetcompiler is going to pick up on those partials or not.  If he wants to do multiple partial classes, he might have to ue a different compilation model.
just try out VS2008 and see how you feel after a week without Homesite
what version of bash?  with the above fix I get no error with the single parameter invocation using Bash version 3.2.39(1)-release on Fedora Code 10.
The regex culture war rages on!
thank you--that sounds like a great way to go!
This might be what you want, but typically I'll only return a different view if there is an error, which returns a shared error view, or a validation issue, which returns the view from which the action was invoked.  I prefer to keep my URLs RESTful and not have the view be context dependent.
This is a very creative solution. The only issue I have with it is that I can't define an outline on the text box when it gains focus unless I use JavaScript to change the border of the wrapper div.
If I could hold my thought until I reached the end of the line, this wouldn't be a problem -- you'll understand when you get older ;-)
which is the same :) notice the code in page load, you can't miss the virtualitemcount
I am trying  Sql Server first.  It looks promising.  I just have very little experience with sql server!
Order is still important because it introduces consistency. By always following the same layout in all of your classes it becomes easier to locate things.
Yep. Read up on the stuff. There are plenty of tutorials out there.
I've tested the policies returned and with this condition, it appears it is only returning the associated statuschanges that match the status queryied, instead of returning all associated statuschanges for each policy found - how is this possible?
+1 good classic rule of thumb and the no js support bit
:S 
I agree with getting rid of copy-paste as long as you can still cut-paste. Cutting and pasting code is essential to refactoring and keeping the code in a clean state.
MFC is also a very, very old library.
Notice, the code is untested. There might be errors in the lookup table (or elsewhere).
Use an editor that lets you switch on viewing EoL characters like SciTE, makes checking that trivial. :)
Cheers Wayne! I'll check it out and let you know.
ok, newest edit does that - albeit line-buffered.
But that's the only weapon a developer can use after the time limit.
(Since the question is about C++.)
See basszero's comment for a neater solution. We considered multiple .classpaths but decided that it would lead to a lot of potential to break, as someone on one platform may add something to their classpath leaving the other ones out of date.
Do you want asSubclass or getConstructor().newInstance().cast?
I am reading the data from the scale. Does this value (Newline) have to correspond the scale format in this case?
+1 Tricky problem.
thank you any way. If I found a better solution I will write it here.
Ai.........die code maak nie sence vir my nie....ek is nog baie junior.
Not sure how this ended at -1. The existing signature already states that a reference is returned. The thread and lifetime problems follow from that reference and that signature. Using function statics do not make it a lot worse.
str is the text of the Ajax response from the server and consists of either the word 'false' of the HTML string for the tree itself.
You can't use the standard Rectangle - you need to define a struct like this:
If you could add details for using variadic macros for 'the hard-coded typedef' I'll upvote and accept this answer. Thanks.
yes, thats right, but for that i can check for the next occerence of case and take out the string before it to apply a pattern on it and can get all possible matches.
Jimmy: That's not true. Try representing 2^31-1 exactly in a single-precision floating-point implementation.
Thank you I am now progressing, but I can't use the SET command because I had used 2871047428.20 as an example. It is a currency exchange rate which varies according to the actual currency code (eg EUR, USD etc) and will need to pick up the latest currency rates from the table....
George Shore: You are right. I don't expect it to make much of a difference (performance-wise) though. And I left it in so when you look at the code it's clear instantly that the result will be stripped - it would be a not-so-obvious side effect otherwise.
+1 for being faster and more precise than me :)
Shouldn't this be community wiki?
AND the non-bracket from can hide bugs
nearly the same: http:stackoverflow.comquestions629573why-cant-regular-expressions-use-keywords-instead-of-characters
It works flawlesly Josh because I'm not currently using ValidationGroup to group my validators. But I'll keep testing it because in order to make it work I'm using an unique validator group for the validator I want to fire. In the future as the webform gets more complex this won't be possible.
I want to write code that will be execute before all test in all test classes. So your solution will work only on one test class
Hrm, I'll give it a whirl. Thx!
So you need the average NUMBER of transactions (as in number of transactions per day), or the average value of column called AMOUNT?
ok, how do you feel about that? It's kind of rare. But extremely elegant. I think you should feel privileged. I would love to work with an AI language.
I'm on a Mac. 'which printf' gives me usrbinprintf for both bash and tcsh. That's why I get Argument list too long. I did, after all, test my timing numbers
Typically, the other process would have to write it's PID to a file for parsing.  But, if the 2 programs share some relationship (parent  child, or they are threads in the same executable) then the PID will be known at creation time.
This is an important remark. Too many novices seem to think that OO programming is just coupling every possible logic to physical objects that exist in the real world.
You need non-greedy qualifiers on your 's, or it will match the last end, not the first.
Funny, I always assumed it's called less because you can scroll backwards (to see less of the file) as well as forwards.  Great examples!
Claus, I may be blind here. i did exactly what you specified. in site.master i have<div class=page><div id=header><div id=menucontainer><ul id=menu><li><=Html.ActionLink(Home,Index,Home) ><li>
The code formatting doesn't handle the VB comment character well. Just end with another ' and it will treat it as a string. Or just use  and omit the '
Of course you can short-cut on a perfect match, but that's about it.
There is a perfect solution, just not in polynomial time
+1 Well, upon reading the question again it's more likely to be Hamming than Levensthein.
D) I am hoping for general advice or experience.  Anyway there is an error message from the Scriptmanager (Its not in English), and it is likely that that has to do with paths of files.
Yes, thanks for that. Together with the solution from ashawley , it's all come together.
Since I work in Python, there are no formal Java-style Interfaces.  However, it does often happen that you need to elevate some features of some classes to identify them as visible and important, like a Java Interface.
Peterh made a post that might be helpful: http:groups.google.comgroupgoogle-appenginemsgcf207d882941cf8d
Another alternative to Jetty  Tomcat is Winstone - a really simple servlet container http:winstone.sourceforge.net
Very interesting answer, I learned something. Thanks brone.
+1 great! persistence has paid off and thank you for sharing the answer.
You could just view the CSS yourself: http:www.intus.co.zasheet.css
Michael you're ignoring the race condition possibility.  It's possible for a second process to start, grad the mutex, first process dies, abandonedmutex exception is thrown.
What you have to remember is that 10 years ago a lot of people had no idea how to use XML or what it was.  Then people were trying to show that they could bring something new that might help a potential employer.
UTF-8b looks very interesting. But won't the unpaired low surrogates result in an malformed UTF-16 string?
If chapterList has previously been assigned a value, you need to [chapterList release] before you assign a new object to it.
Hi,
Thanks, but it still match ab,cd,aaa or ab,cd,
Hmm, I thought that it worked like the RequiredFieldVlidator where it is ok with the field being filled.
Hmm, I was a bit hasty there. It just stopped working all together.
what do they precisely do?
If is it 30k after the filter, I'd say no: don't use this approach. Do 2 round-trips; 1 to get the Count(), and 1 to get a random row...
-1: It's funny, but it diverges to infinity. Project completion time estimates should be finite. At least that's what my boss keeps telling me...
1alstew1 btw, i think you're missing a few closing  bracket. that's why it won't compile.
As for the generic, that is there simply because I'm considering doing some reflection stuff in the base entity to set up some conventions. I  don't see why BaseEntityCustomer and BaseEntityProduct would give me the current results
yes, foo bar... damnit I misread the tag ><
Mr Torvalds has a long list of things he doesn't like, C++, emacs, Subversion, OO to mention a few. One sometimes wishes he would button his lip a little more
Also...I guess I've always liked using signals...but overriding the save method could do the same thing.  Some stylistic purists would argue that that's the right thing.
Whoa! What's up with the (sin)? Do you have a reference for this preventing macro expansion? I've never heard of this.
Good point (catch won't stop code from halting when an error is hit, especially if you handle a narrow exception type)
That sounds like a positive, but as you write more and more of your code in extension methods, you end up with what amounts to nothing more than static God classes.
Thanks for the Don't make me think hint.  I'll have a read.  I'm a bit of a n00b when it comes to 'modern' web design.  My favorite is still craigs list.
The problem is that he is using the wrong escape sequence for his string type. He can either change the string to literal (as you say), or change the escape sequence (as I said)
you're solution is obviously the most elegant. I just thought I would throw out an alternative. I have ASP.Net Validators for some things.
+1. And from is just the 3 tables inner joined.
If this was a hidden feature of python there would have been 40 more lines of code written in python today.
Thanks, Versions is a great client! does it have any server functionality though?
Rob Kennedy, Usability is not a concern in this case, either. This application will be used in a touchscreen environment, but not the iPhone. The solution should be treated like a mouse is being used because the touch screen driver acts as a mouse.
I declared the FileName variable as FileName: string;, I re-wrote the FileName := and SaveTo lines as: FileName := 'Screenshot'+FormatDateTime('yyyymmdd-hhnnss-zzz',now());
this looks correct except that when you run SELECT CAST(DATEDIFF(dd, CONVERT(Datetime, CONVERT(varchar(8), 20080317), 112), GETDATE())  365.25 AS int) AS Age (maybe because you are dividing by 365.25 regardless)
thank you for the advice! will keep in mind every time I use ftok
This will not activate thing, it only checks if an instance already loaded or not
Thanks - that does what I want.
One suggestion from another Javaworld article is to use the Builder pattern to seperate out UI from an object, but still concentrating on a loosely coupled system:
fail. violates two conditions of his assignment :p
The OrderedDict is coming in Python 3.1, but is not yet in 3.0, according to the documentation you linked.
Thanks. It doesn't really bother me I was just curious as the what makes it work after I compile
Yep, thanks that's the problem.  The save went through perfectly.
'Every object requires contiguous memory. ' Are you seriously implying that it's a common case to have objects like several mb's big? Try to allocate a 8mb big stringbuilder and fit 9mb of data into it, most likely it will fail, while 10mb stringbuilder might allocate just fine in the first place.
The LinkedList<> does not require continuous memory. Correct?
rows could be dynamic, I can combine all rows into one column based on the id column.
Still nothing. I'll post my code below, maybe you can take a look..
Yes, nice how most Marshalling is automatic. But Johnny also needs to pass NULL for 1 of the MsTrackData's.
You are right, I missed the top when I wrote the final edit. I will edit it as you said
will do. I did search for an existing topic, but I'm guessing that stackoverflow's search replaced my '??' with a wildcard search so it's not easy to find. Thanks for the feedback :)
That looks like it could be good. Is there a similar snippet written in c?
I do not understand why customer1.com IN CNAME customer1.mycompanydomain.com is invalid. I believe it should work. Could you explain where the problem with that solution was?
This method worked. I would prefer a classless method if possible. If I cannot find a working method, I will accept this answer.
Of course, a gradually changing orbit doesn't necessarily break conservation laws in the real world - for example, the Moon is much further away from the Earth than it was a few billion years ago (due to tidal effects rather than approximate integration).
With my solution you can still inherit from IPerson as well as Control.
+1 for the book and the site, I have the one & frequent the other :-)   Smart people who can explain things well... the 2 often don't go together.
The whole point of the varargs notation is that you DON'T have to pass an explicit array or list.
Sorry, I used the word inheritance but should have used the word implement. My bad. Check the updates to the question. I'm not proposing any semantic change.
le dorfier: I suggest you read Databases, Types, and the Relational Model to learn why you are wrong.
Search, indexfull, showbyname are all parameterized retrieve actions (i.e. the R in CRUD). There's no need to add new routes.
It seems? Not being an ObjC guru, but I think demonstrating the problem with a piece of code would be great. Perhaps you have got a problem with the it seems part, since I couldn't find references to modulus limits elsewhere.
Definitely weird.
Could you give a little more background? Cause now I don't see why you don't just implement seperate methods in C. Something like C.DoSometingA and C.DoSomethingB. Or even better: but the behaviour in the A & B classes.
Mehrdad, doh. Forgot about that.
Do you want to stream a log (track its tail), or let the user navigate it via buttons?
It's about as close as you're going to get, but unfortunately Lucida Sans Unicode doesn't supply U+27132714.
No, you shouldn't use it as a debugging aid, either. It's just as useless for that.
some people also don't write their apostrophes.
So why is it good practice to delete[] char arrays then? Just to keep the habit?
A pointer is just a spot in memory that represents an address. that means, you can build your own address (pointer), and then use it to access data. An address can be represented as a hexadecimal number, and this is the reason why you can forge an address without using pointer data types.
This is un-necessary object creation and will incur a performance penalty for no added functionality. The PersonDisplayer has no reason be be instantiated, all functionality can be provided statically.
Thank you for doing the math!  Very useful gcc perspective too.
andy point taken - I'll try to be less gnomic.
I'd love that.  The only issues I see is indents aren't strictly required as part of the language specification (as opposed to say Python) so it'd look a little weird if for whatever insane reason you'd choose not to index and turn off VS auto-formatter
In theory, yes, the dictrionary could be populated from a config file or a database table, so it could be modified without a re-compile.
The page you linked does not eliminate the warning.  I still see:
I have to do short answers or my work network times out instantly.
Code complete backs this dude up.
Pax, I knew you were probably having a punt but I thought I would clarify nonetheless :)
This was a key piece of info I was missing, which is why I accepted it, but in my case, I actually am extending the class adding needed functions to pull data out of the thread.
And in the g++, the cout <<i=<<i<< i++=<<i++<< i--=<<i--<<endl; output 
I don't know if this makes any difference, but shouldn't the size property be named cache-size? I'm no iBatis expert and may be wrong, though :)
In my experience, this is about the only way to do it ... rspec has some dependencies that will turn the latest version active or some such thing. Not 100 on the internals. But uninstall will fix.
i'm creating a group of spheres so they're suppose to rotate like a bunch of grapes..
It has nothing to do with Repairing permissions. He's account does not have privileges to chmod the Applications directory. That's the issue.
If I would skip declaring the child's constructor (and, in that case,  probably keep the parent's ctor public), I could do 'new Child(set this)' and get what I want, right?
Chad: Yes, and one was given: a dictionary.
If you quality the pointer as int  restrict a then the compiler will know that a is not being aliased and it will optimize.
More expensive than manually iterating through a string's chars ? I don't think so!
I added a link to their site.
NullPointerException makes me believe this is not a C++ question at all.  C?
tinkertim
Back button wouldn't take you to processing page anyways. It'll take you directly to form page.
Could you please post what you expect the results to look like?
Thanks a lot. I found a reaally useful lecture on belief propagation - http:mlg.eng.cam.ac.ukteaching4f130708lect05.pdf
hehe no problem =) This might solve your problem tho? Have you tried if Eclipse shows you the proper type aheads?
Sorry, but using exceptions for flow control is not a good idea.  Otherwise, good answer.
ok, it was just a guess, good to know :) - just make sure you are doing this out of curiosityunderstanding we don't want to be caught over optimizing :) (unless there is a need for it and you have identified it as the slow piece). Any of the no retries versions are good enough for most uses
What would it mean? You can do (at least in Oracle and SQL server) SELECT MAX(x) FROM (SELECT COUNT() x, y FROM t1 GROUP BY y)
yeah i tried this but they still wrap. Not sure if I made all of the divs that contain tables to be inline though so will have a quick go at this and see if it helps.
True. You could also go the other way and try to label pixels as foreground color based on their distance from the foreground peak in the histogram, and turn everything else to white.
Thanks! This works, however, AllocConsole shouldn't be called unless you actually need one. Also, if I launch the app from a console, AllocConsole opens a new console.
Could you please elaborate on what that test is actually doing?
It depends on the type of handles. Manual reset events will stay signaled and need to be reset. Auto reset events will go back to unsignaled. Mutexes will be acquired after the WaitForSingleObject call - and so on.
How do you know when the user pauses the resize? What is the exact syntax in javascriptjQuery to get this info that the user has paused?
Mark your experience seems to be more in line to mine, I really needed a lot from the ajax side of telerik, but once we started with jqueryjson and ajax through from there, telerik stuff went gradually out of the mix
Y, sharing the type isn't supported directly by the asmx way of doing it. The new way (WCF) supports sharing the type, but as you are learning I would stick to the simple. Just avoid doing it in a way you need to share the types.
Not really a programming question, is it?
I made a variation at the other question
I do think it would be great to have a sort of rosetta stone for common tasks in multiple languages, but that would be a blog post, not a question.
Amit Kumar: That's right, but it is independent of who many CPU cores you have (until you do good enough job that the program gets to be CPU bound). However, a lot of what we do is input bound. Wait for slow humans, wait for the network, etc...
-1; Good book, but already mentioned: http:stackoverflow.comquestions38210what-non-programming-books-should-programmers-read3944439444
you could also have used
Yeah I discovered this myself but forgot to followup by closing this question.  The CSS changes have some interesting effects in IE when zooming a page up to say 120 unfortunately - though IE isn't a great candidate for flot at the best of times really!
yea, I post the messagebox after  filename = filesToCheck[i]; in the loop
In f2ptr, a changes for f2ptr's scope.  In other words, obj is not modified when f2ptr is called (assuming the original value of a (obj) isn't used in f2ptr).
http:stackoverflow.comquestions51224regular-expression-to-match-valid-dates
If you actually read both questions, it isn't a dupe at all.  The related question wants a real-world analogy to a linked list, this question wants real world examples of using one.
This is wrong   signing is not done by encrypting with the private key; it is done by decrypting with it (at least for RSA).
You should be careful about which OR you change to an AND: or you get td behavior. Also, you should put parentheses in cases of ambiguity: I don't know what the MySQL convention is, but if you say foo and bar or car then it could mean (foo and bar) or car which is bad!
Does this really work? If so, it sounds good.
Good suggestion - the one I'm working with is a couple of months old.
Can you please show the function calls foo1() and foo2().  I can't see how the two sample outputs you give can be produced by the same calling sequence.  It would also be useful to distinguish between what you and what the program outputs.
using onload() worked, but as you suspected, I'm running into xss issues now.  I guess I'll have to use some kind of server side solutions.
Thanks a lot, that's useful information!
However, I would go with the first method.
But since this is a question about existing tools and (specifically) SQL, then I think discussing doing away with NULLs when we don't have a good 1 alternative may not be very useful.
actually I didn't even need that.  I needed to close the response each time with response.Close();  I guess when you're doing bulk calls you need to close it so that the next quick call can use the object again and it doesn't get tied up?
Ok, I'll update the question with more info.  Thanks.
Note that there's really no such thing as the fastcall calling convention. What you've described matches what C++ Builder refers to as fastcall. Visual C++ appears to be the odd one out in this case, for what it's worth.
true I guess, but should we count spaces as repeated non-keyword too then? :p just kidding, hehe. I found your answer the most clever one. but I find Marc's the longest without repeating (even though the brackets are repeated).
Yes, I kind of conceptually think of non-exported variables as locals, since Bash is so often forking child processes to do whatever it's tasked with doing.
Ok, this seems to be right tool. Unfortunately it is in commercial version of reportlab toolkit and I cannot use it directly - I am using opensource version. And there is no pricing - it looks like I have to negotiate some price with reportlab before download.
I get the feeling nhibernate doesnt want me to control updates manually, all these solutions seem like hacks. why is this?
What do you mean with Collection?
is centerPoint deliberately unused? Shouldn't centerPoint.X and .Y be added to result?
I added another sentence on how to turn off the debugger dialog, but my testing shows it doesn't pop up if you SetErrorMode(3). If that is what you are seeing, I can't explain why it pops up for you.
This would work, but as a user, I don't like using spinners because they are a slow way of changing a value. I'd like to be able to adjust the chart directly too.
Mike: and what difference do you see between that question and yours?
Yeah, of course, thanks!!! lolol
Thanks Rich.  What if the feed is behind the firewall with my consuming applications?
I think you'll have to create a new one:
INCREMENTER is not a set of statements. It's not even one statement. It's an expression. This one consists of a number of other expressions separated by the comma operator, which evaluates its operands from left to right and returns the value of the last operand.
I thought of this too, but I don't think .htaccess will stop the framework from loading files from the protected directory, i.e. the controller file can be .htaccess protected, but typing in admin does not prompt for password as admin is not an actual directory on the server.
Ok... the result of that one exactly what I wanted..! Can someone tell me if this is faster than system(mkdir -p tmpabc).. cause this is so much easier :)
Delphi was the language that anders designed before C. C, not suprisingly, takes a lot of the lessons learned from Delphi and improves on them.
Richard: what I'm totally confused about, is the fact that execution through Visual Studio's debugger is fine. I'll close the question as is too ambiguous
I don't disagree with this answer but I don't think it really provides any valuable insight into what to do. It just says what not to do.
Vi is also everywhere non-Unix as well. But good luck trying to convince management to let you bring in a (virus-ridden, in their opinion) flash stick full of binaries - that's probably an actionable offence in most companies.
I think that car's only called a bug in the USA....
Yeah, I wouldn't recommend a SELECT like that.  But you said you couldn't change the database structure--sometimes there's no other choice.
Might be better to split them (so people can vote on one or other).
thanks, but I have to disagree with your point about as with all IE problems theres a workaround.... :p
Your question isn't clear.  Are you expecting to find the drives connected on the web server?  Do you want to find the mapped drives on someone's computer connected with a web browser?  Are you doing php-gtk?  What is the context.
+1 for the excellent link.  Thanks :)
Thanks siddhadev i used my own AsyncAppender and stopped using the console appender things working better now.
paniq, I think you'll find that SQLite does not play well with multiple updaters.  It tends to lock the entire table on any update, which can quickly lead to deadlocks.
yea I tried that. What happens is shown here: http:www.evilinc-guild.com~chrisadasdfuicomps.JPG . Gonna try some more. Thank you.
Sorry. Hadn't had a good look at the database. Seems like sometimes an nchar(5) is used as primary key datatype. In these cases the id is a string.
To be more specific:
I have that PFE thing turned on so I'm actually using 3.5. 64-bit Windows is not a possibility.
How would the from statement look like if I wanted to dynamically select the database using another variable?
To OP mentioned this is something that will happen over and over and over in quick succession, therefore compiled is the correct choice.
sharptooth: How do I add checks to the memory allocation routine calls?
To complete the answer, store relative paths in the database and store the base path also (not necessarily in the same table, though). +1
I can't restart the web application.  Doing so will destroy state and interrupt active sessions.  Changing the modificationTestInterval to 0 puts me into the same boat I am in right now ... how do I do that programmatically?
http:stackoverflow.comquestions212198what-is-the-c-using-block-and-why-should-i-use-it
Igor: Depends on your interpretation of 2. up to the char. found (see 1). to me, means what was returned by IndexOf.  For your interpretation, your method is valid.
From the link I gave in my answer: Since we don't know what the element type of c stands for, we cannot add objects to it.. I apologize for the misinformation.
According to my DDD Books: With Value Objects, when I want a Person to have a new Address, I would create a new Address object and specify the values with its constructor method. The old Address will be discarded, there's way to mutate an existing address.
DJ: Backquotes - -. I did not know that there is a difference between backquotes and smart quotes. Which quotes does a programmer then need? Backquotes, normal quotes... not smart quotes?
found, that the properties are evaluated by property testers and don't check the real object's properties themselves.
I'm with you, Nick. +1
Don't have enough experience with CodeSmith or others, I find it quirky but good. It's now open source, and the templates are written in C - all those are pluses.
Managed C++ isn't going to help you write a kernel driver, and hooking the NT native API is extremely difficult and dangerous.
this is the content of my debug.bat
Whoops, sounds right
Thanks for the response.  We have been a sustaining member of the ODA for many years, and were part of the IntelliCAD group until they upped their prices from 5000 pa to 25,000 pa.  We already do DWG, but have had requests to be internal to the CAD system itself.
Jon: See Listing 6 of the IBM link. It shows what byte code is generated and there you can see that someObject is assigned first and then the constructor runs.
Oh, my apologies.  I didn't realize perfect hash had an actual definition in math.  I'm used to the software definition where we hash strings into 32 bit ints and the like.
What does it do?
Simply not true. A clustered index needn't be unique, stable, and size is irrelevant because the whole record is always available.
I have chosen SmartGwt for my project, could you maybe give some reasons why you have chosen ext-gwt over SmartGWT?
Josh, you can always put this code in your own answer. That way it's more visible and can be voted on and marked as the answer.
The type information of a class is available at runtime. The issue with Java generics is that type information associated with instances of that class is lost. If you are suggesting that you would change the actual class of an instance, this would surely break existing code
Thanks for the suggestion. I will uncheck them for future use! For now Paolo has already fixed the issue. Thank you nevertheless.
currently there aren't any duplicate people.name in the same grouprecord. but i see your point, will report this.
That's a fine solution for a single nav bar. But as you admitted it doesn't scale well at all.
string.replace ?
No. Because what you're asking for has nothing to do with a Repository. You're logic is based around how to show things based on certain criteria, and that's a presentation-level concern. Repositories should act like facades - they should appear as a collection.
jBcrypt is actually not a wrapper. It's a native implementation. I'm using it now, I incorporated the source code into the project.
Thx for keeping the post updated after the discussion in the comments.
I think to achieve my purpose (do not operate on this file while other processthread opened this file), I need to check whether a file is opened or not, correct?
Nice.  How did you find that rdoc?
You are wrong, as else part is executed only when for completes without a break.
TheTXI: Perhaps he's modifying the data, so on the next run the values are different. According to the question this answer is a valid one.
What does realtime mean to you?  Are you making a videogame?  How is it clearly a need for OLAP?
Gail See Joel Coehoorn's answer which explains how and what event to hook on the server side in VB.NET.
That's actually not a bad thought. It certainly addresses the maintenance issue. :-)
This may have been discused but if part of the condition is to go back to the beigining it gives the potential to have an infinet loop problem
See my answer to see what i mean
The only time you need it is in a high transaction environment. If your tables are mostly idle, then you wouldn't gain anything by it.
Sadly, my company has not made the module File::Find::Rule available.  I tried....
Are you trying to define a method function without using def?  Why?  What's wrong with def?
fsqrt is an IA-32 processor instruction, so language implementation is irrelevant these days.
Don't do this. Raymond Chen explains why this often causes your app to hang: http:blogs.msdn.comoldnewthingarchive200808018795860.aspx
Adam this is a fair comment.  I have updated my original post with a little more detailed requirement.
Darn, 12 seconds in it!
I thought that was what I said :). I guess Petoj just wants to see the css in the dev environment without loading the page though.
Are there any good tutorials on how to use Castor to do this? It looks very promising... but Java is, to say the least, not my strongest language. I'm not sure what Castor filespackages I need to download and how to actually do the code generation... any step-by-step newbie examples around?
Restarting the DNS Client service after changing the values?
Keep in mind though, that the media is not really streamed (like with Red5 or Flash Media Server) but progressivly downloaded - thus the media-files end up as easily identified files in the browser's cache.
No, i'm rather new to it all. I am really trying to learn it the best I can. :) How shall I go about doing so?
Hopefully I've covered enough bases for what the OP was really asking now :)
Just did that, thanks
the object in question is an instance of FPDF. The open-source PDF generating component.
That looks interesting - will consider that, thanks!
I thank table.Load(reader); is what I am looking for.  I'll let you know how it goes...
They're helpful. While -memorycheck seems only available for IBM JDK? There's no IBM JDK on Solaris, just SUN JDK, right?
It works, I can make a screenshot :)
vartec: The original question includes the text asking for the root password in order to elevate privileges which is precisely what su does.
Well tbe application already sends the parameters in UDP packets but I was hoping for a simpler solution.
I'm confused by your second bullet. IMHO, you should always include the headers your class relies on in the .h file for your class.  If every class follows this practice, you should be able to rely on them to include whatever they need.  You're advocating including all of their dependencies as well?
Date.parse() does not work with ISO formats. It will return null.
I've used MAMP, but I'd rather install them separately
No problem, and welcome to stack overflow!
Perhaps, but for the sake of this discussion can we assume:
I tried anonymous and restarted iis. still same error. thx
If it's just a framework, I'd be check two things: a) the compiler options to save them inside the bundle b) using the correct path while loading them. As for the iphone -- no, I don't have much idea.
I'm not into facebook dev but I think you have to write a fb app first, to be authorized to do that.
It should be noted that in Delphi 2009, the compiler adds M+ to any class with a published section automatically, so this problem no longer exists.
What is being displayed in the WB?  Anything like an Office document or a .pdf?
I was hoping I wouldn't have to do it this way, and that I was merely lacking in my Apache configuration know how :-
Andrew Flanagan: TFS properly setup works well. We use it very effectively. Check out TFS sidekicks: http:www.attrice.infocmtfs
your answer is right, but I could not select two answers as my final answer,even I hardly can say which is the better: yours or gnovice's answer....
Perfect answer to the question, I guess.
Thanks for your suggestions.
The latency columns show you how many cycles it takes from the instruction is initiated, until the result of it is available. Intel subdivides this into different CPUID's, to show the values for various families of CPU's xchg is listed as 1-3 cycles depending on CPU, and mov is 0.5-1.
Excellent series of videos, if you click through enough pages you can download the video for each webcast:
Where is exactly that place where author suggests not to use Properties? Have not found anything on p.215-217
Yes, thanks. I fixed this.
Most portalsCMSes will do it. But probably taking the unnecessary bits out of them and integrating them with your app takes more work. In the meantime, I suggest copying and pasting the required code from ASP.NET MVC sample project or Oxite open source project (http:oxite.net)
Yeah -I got the soundno video thing already. Awesome! How do you guard against multiple notifications? Will it crash if you handle multiple?
Damn thanks man, I owe you one! :D
It is worth mentioning that <type 'instancemethod'> is a (somewhat inconsistently) string representation of `types.MethodType` class (isinstance(Foo.init, types.MethodType) == True).
Which is actually fairly surprising, considering that the language was meant to compile for the classfiles...
I have implemented something like this before, but found that it was not nearly forgiving enough; sometimes people genuinely forget their password and need to try several different combinations - perhaps try something like this but make sure the first 6 are all 0s, then start ramping up, shallowly.
Some more information concerning DateTime datatypes and SQL Server queries can be found here: http:www.databasejournal.comfeaturesmssqlarticle.php2209321Working-with-SQL-Server-DateTime-Variables-Part-Three---Searching-for-Particular-Date-Values-and-Ranges.htm
Btw since this is homework i have decided not to do the full answer, like Seb did.
Josh - nice approach - certainly has given me food for thought
LINQ to SQL, LINQ to Entities, LINQ to Objects?
I want not to allow files bigger than 1 MB.. Why I need to change my 2MB limit???
I tried your snippet above and when I step through, gv is null.
I'm sure you are right.  They probably have come a long way since the original RCs.  I guess I just said that because every REST service I've built using WCF thus far has been fairly easy for me and seemed pretty natural...
Oh, I see what you mean. In that case, you're stuck casting. You're trying to mix polymorphism (literally, many-forms-ism) with something that only works with a single form, and they don't fit together with out you doing a bit of work manually.
Nah, the problem has been happening for much longer than I've had Ankh but thanks for the tips
No, this a bad approach. It makes the Controller hard to test and also means the unit of work is not available outside of the Controller. The Session-per-request pattern mentioned below is better. EF v1 does support lazy loading - it just has to be explicit.
Who knows. I've given up on this question anyway.
You should use the character encoding required by the interface under which you are working.
Jared: What do you dislike about it? It says what you intend to do incredibly simply. As for the by ref one - presumably that doesn't work in C? I'd really hope not!
Thanks for the mac OS X link, this makes a very irregular handling, since it works only for sse types (float and double) but not for long double, which is x87 specific.
rmeador, unfortunately you cannot always depend on the CLR to respect the .tail opcode.
Good point - it did also seem like he was confused as to how to do a cast with VB syntax.
I wasam using the 1.4x branch of SVN for the longest time so beyond reading some minor docs about merging being improved, I've been in the dark.   Is it a night & day difference or just a minor improvement?
The correct answer, of course, is almost always  don't! .
The mail might have been sent while the password was still not crypted.
It's apparent what the code does, but not why.  I usually reserve comments for the 'why', and this is a great place to put that.
People are still going to pick the easiest-to-remember passwords in the domain they have available to them. There aren't that many easy-to-remember passwords in 10 characters. Longer passwords, counterintuitively, can yield easier passwords when you take phrases into account, as Bill the Lizard said
I just noticed prepopulatefrom... what version of django are you using? Failing that... what's the code in Generate Slug Code?
The HttpContext.Current value is always null whenever the requests start from my timers.  Otherwise, yeah, I'd just use that!
What type of information do you want to track?  WHo changed things?  or are you looking for view tracking as well?
Well, if you wanted to use N dbs then you'll need some sort of master to generate the keys.  You can't have each db just pick their own keys.  You just can't use this simple design
Wow.  You learn something new every day.  Weird design decision.
It depends on the API; BinaryFormatterSoapFormatter work against fields (public or private); XmlSerializer works against public members (fields or properties); DataContractSerializer works (ideally) against members marked [DataMember].
Oops, I should have stated that I was just posting an observation in the form of a question   sorry I took your time needlessly!
I actually think it was on a website designer's portfolio page, but can't remember off the top of my head sorry. I will bookmark this and return if I find it though, but don't count on it, sorry.
Mmm. Reading the documentation, the only difference between html() and text() is that text() escapes HTML. That obviously doesn't matter here. Is there some best practice as to when to use one or the other? I feel like html() is probably for divs mostly, but this is just a hunch.
I've seen that book mentioned before; I was hoping to use SO as an opportunity to get some of that information online if it's not already. :)
the problem is that online it performes OK ... but localy on windows its all really slow.
Thank you I can't believe I missed that...
I suggest you add to your question a specific linker error message. Your function names may conflict with built-in functions.
I have added some pseudo-code to make the issuer cleaner...
did you wire up the event handler in page load or init: just type GridView1.Selected += and then hit tab twice.  Simple!
Eran - while useful, it makes it impossible to test caller and callee in isolation, and impossible to profile  optimize.
Is writing the frontend in C++ not an option, just to make things simpler?
Can you expand on that a bit, perhaps give an example on how to use it?
readlines() isn't an iterator. It returns a list, and lists don't have a 'next()' property.
Jack M. -- Strawberry Perl is the new official perl for Windows.  The operating system is therefore implicit in my question for (I presume) anyone who would know the answer.
I presume you're talking about SQL Server Management Studio?  SQL Server itself doesn't have a UI.
Thanks, that makes sense.  I was hoping there would be a way to state in the ControlTemplate that I wanted to use my 'textStyleTextBox' when an error occurs, as opposed to setting both 'Validation.ErrorTemplate' and 'Style' on every textbox that needs validation. Can you think of any way to do that?
By scan the entire database did you mean scan the entire table ?
Got it! Starts exactly at minAlt, ends exactly at maxAlt and you have control over the function shape.
agreed, as i indicated in the third paragraph you need to look at statistical measurements that pertain to your data set, if they are power distributions these are variance, moments, skewness, and possibly kurtosis
Do you mean my rules should first accommodate as many balanced a's on either side before placing any b's in the middle?
This is cool. But I can't tell if it's showing documentation for Ruby 1.8 or 1.9?
PLEASE use staticcast<> instead of reinterpretcast<>, the latter will give incorrect results in certain cases (on a typical implementation, an example would be if Foo or Bar has multiple base classes and Base is not first among them).
Interesting that CVB makes this so much easier...
Takes seconds to download and install...
Thank you for your continuous help - I tried devenv ResetSettings  but it didn't help :-(
Try my updated solution.
thanks, i will try to code it.
Yes of course, I'm asking if it will continue the process when xampp is restarted?
George2, sorry I don't understand the question.
Try this: class A(object): def iter(self): return iter([1,2,3]) def next(self): yield 7
Sorry, I did not exactly get the point? Something wrong?
I tried that I get this error: 1>.Project 5.cpp(103) : error C2360: initialization of 'out' is skipped by 'case' label
I sooo wish we would hire a UI developer.
...doesn't work either as it pushes the whole thing down.
Yes, I suppose that might be true but I'm not creating or modifying any explicitly as part of the setupMSI.
nuriaion - in this case you need to make the updates & checks atomic (using a mutex or something) so all hell doesn't break loose if the check happens to occur between setting the value and setting the 'mirror' of the value.
This may not be relevant, but wxPython has grown some more-fully-featured controls in recent years; some of those ListCtrl problems might (or might not) have been solvable by replacing with a newerbetter control. But docs tend to be lacking...  I agree that it should be easier than it is.
Ok, thanks for your reply. I just changed it, so thats one issue down..lol. But Im still experiencing the same issue. However, thank you for answering.
Thanks! That exactly solves my problem.
I don't have the source code of www.vankampen.com
Actually, I am building a fake money prediction market along the lines of the Hollywood Stock Exchange, so it just has to feel right to the players. i.e., fair and not too weird.
Yes, like Joshua said, that doesn't work for me. The messages still get through.
If you're subclassing a standard ASP.NET control, then rather than loading a control, you could create an instance of your control instead, and then add it to the placeholder.  I've updated the code sample above to reflect this.
The simulation software I'm using requires a certain environmental variable to be set by hand for any directory you want to do an analysis in. I see this as a terrible approach and thought to fix it, or at least automate it, with python.
I claim teacher's license. :) With [A-Za-z] it's perfectly clear what you're matching (and what you aren't).  BTW, [[:alpha:]] doesn't deal with Unicode either; it's POSIX-speak for things classified as letters in the locale of the underlying platform.
I've added some stuff to post
Good call. Thanks.
Cool. I cannot say I am convinced, but you certainly have a reasonable point of view. I know I have written extension methods both ways. When there is a meaningful name I use it. But there are many cases where it feels the best info I can give is that this is the self-like parameter.
Generally a bad idea - write free functions instead of using inheritance.
But with indent, I can't use the emacs style file that defines all the formatting that I need ...?
Robert Gould: Indeed, we don't really have enough information about the schema - in some cases, XML might fit better to the job, e.g. working with any kind of tree in SQL is hard.
I respectfully disagree... I have several applications I make changes to that If I only make changes in the code behind I only push out the bin folder... We actually have an automated after build process (Team Foundation) that determines what files have changed and publishes them for us...
Thomaschaaf, no, I usually don't use pre-RTM in production, but use pre-RTM versions during development, which allows put application in production almost at the same day with framework's RTM release.
Because you can readily turn your Python program into a single Java JAR, and from there leverage the huge pile of Java deployment options for every major platform.  At the expense of using all the RAM in the world, admittedly (Java likes having lots of RAM).
Paul: I get the joke, but I've always thought it is technically wrong. Where's the base condition that causes the algorithm to end? That is a fundamental requisite for recursion. =)
BTW, shouldn't I take my own solution out of the question and put it in the answers ?
I prefer my solution because it only searches the DOM once to find all of the matching elements instead of searching once per element to be found.
I am uploading them to my web site, then resizing them.  That works fine, it is just not ending.  After say a minute or so of work I check via ftp for the images and they are there but the script will continue to run until I stop it.
Yes I write xul apps and I love taking advantage of Pythonic array comprehension and other advanced features. It's awesome.
Yes it's just a warning and works fine, however I was not sure if I was missing some alternative much simpler way (even though this way seems the simplest to me)
It's more common in Javascript than Python, probably just as common as in Ruby, if not more so
Jonathan, thanks, you rather spoiled me with this one :) My pointer arithmetic is not the best, this was a very good example to build my own function. Changed this to be the accepted answer, as it is the most informative.
Post the results to a Twitter account through its API and see how many followers you can get based on your machine generated Tweets.
He's probably not calling malloc if he's using Objective-C. He's probably releasing at the wrong time.
That was exactly it. Including SubmitTime did the trick. Wow, I never would have guessed that was it, but now that I think about, it makes perfect sense why my original code didn't work. Thanks!
litb: I don't think (you can prove me wrong) that you can create a template construct that will render both 'identifier( type )' and 'identifier( variable )' correct and both resolve to a value. A function declarationcall match the pattern, but a declaration will not yield a value.
It is faster. Not to put down Access, but almost any database you can use in your situation is faster; Access's strength is in it's end user tools for creating forms and reports.
How? As an HTTP header? Then the proxy won't be all that transparent...
Clever trick, but relying on this rather obscure difference between the + and & operators is risky, imo. If someone goes back later and tries to clean up the code, they may decide to replace all +'s with &'s, or vice versa, for the sake of consistency, without realizing that it changes the behavior.
Which version of Django are you using?
thank you jerebear , it worked yaee.... , thank you ;)
is your logic same while using ajax?
What about mobile devices without JS? Text based browsers? Search engines trying to index the link? Never assume things about what users are running. Just because a lot of people enable JS, doesn't mean everyone does. http:accessites.orgsite200702graceful-degradation-progressive-enhancement
can you elaborate on the blah and blah? perhaps the join params are part of the problem? TEST: does the sub-select work by itself? If so, it's not your dates.
If you are really getting just the pixel data and the data is for a single frame, then what you're doing should work. If you're getting multiple frames I'm not sure how the .Net Image library will react. Maybe try an open source DICOM library like http:imebra.com
Well, I have to group profile updates along with photo updates so it looks like I'm going to have to do it in PHP which is going to be complex.
Thanks :) That did the trick.
mmyers: yes, I figured you meant it the way you just described. I just wanted to tease you a little bit, hence my tongue-in-cheek comment ;)
Yep it works.  Works for everyone else on the team (3 other people).  Works when I copied the solution to a virtual machine.  Worked last week.  I don't particularly want to completely reformat and install everything from scratch, so that's there, but it's a last resort.
Do I need the full url for the header?
Or you explicitly specify enableViewState=false for those items.
CmExit is a focus-changing event. Do NOT call SetFocus from it. Do not change the focus while the focus is already changing. Instead, post a message and change focus in response to it. The OS doesn't like being interrupted while changing the focus. It gets confused about what really has focus.
A byte is an UNSIGNED 8 bit integer type, that can store 0 to 255 (0xff)
My concern is more deployment: I want deploy the smallest core assemblies needed as possible
I assume you're asking if you can use it with C++ in VS2008, and not whether you can call it from a managed language like C or VB.NET? If the latter, then edit your question to make it clearer.
I don't really worry too much about the possibility of someone who doesn't understand the basics of Jet SQL's concatenation operators messing things up. They could just as easily mess up a UDF created for the same purpose simply because they don't understand how it works.
every time I've used ! it has totally stopped evaluation and I do want every value that prolog is finding, but only once per value. (I'll try and cut down my case)
Why group on primary key?
Correction: Firefox uses a proper XML parser but the entity resolver (the thing that resolves system ids into byte streams) has been hacked to resolve external DTDs to zero-length streams.
I understood that you want just one query. You can put everything together into one huge query. Not nice, but possible.
See Andrew Hare's answer for imo the best explanation of why you need this copy.  The reference is passed by value, but it still refers to the same object.
You add to 12311899, so that 111900 is day 1 rather than day 0.  After that it's the Lotus leap year thing.
So the regular expressions in Javascript aren't full regular expressions...yeah, I think remember something about that when I was trying to do a lookbehind in Javascript and stumbled across an article on it faking it instead: http:blog.stevenlevithan.comarchivesmimic-lookbehind-javascript
I think you get what I'm saying - use the error code. I think that is by far the best solution given your constraints and what exactly is the problem with doing it the way I specified?
My answer is right for SQL Server 2005 and SQL Server 2008 as well. (Dont have SQL2000 to check against)
You can run windows programs on Wine including IE.
Martin the size of the keys was if you were using: http:msdn.microsoft.comen-uslibraryms998288.aspx ... the code seems to be the same, the end result should be the same. After configuring it, browse the app and make sure it is working with the keys.
One example might be card suits, where each suit could have a name and an image associated with it.
mysqlconnect doesn't work either. And i would think mysqlpconnect should work, but idd it does not make sense, i'm using the sphyder search engine cli scripts. and i'm using it exactly like docs tell me.
that answer on the other question was accepted, but it's incorrect. it's not possible to do so, but if it works it's by pure accident: undefined behavior happened.
In this situation, I like the .net Double.TryParse approach. no code duplication, but no exceptions either.
pls check the doubt in the edited question.
The mutex must be locked to use the condition variable. If you just want to wait until the thread is initialised, then (1) the mutex should be locked just before `condition = true` and unlocked just after, and (2) locked just before `while (!condition)` and unlocked after the loop.
tomaszs: I have changed the select. This query gives the expected result.
I wish you the best of luck, but I expect you'll end up doing an OS re-install. In which case: sooner = less time lost.
Why don't they host a gzipped version..........?
Two different values for sizeof (C) suggests inconsistent definitions of class C in two translation units. See my answer below for another possibility.
Awesome answer, thanks. I downloaded class-dump and ran it on QuartzComposer.framework and the above methods do appear in the output, so I think it's safe to say that this is exactly what the author was doing. Thanks again.
Yes, thanks it worked!
I just posted.  Let me assure you that estimating development work is extremely hard is you want your estimates to be worth anything.
It's not the parenteses, it's the nice Oracle syntax parser's way to report errors. Oracle does not recognize AS between table name and alias.
For postponed commit, I would created a sub-branch, do exactly what you describe (including git merge -s ours maint~3), then merge everything from the sub-branch to master. I believe a future git merge maint would this time merge mast~3
Although, it does not happen always with that type of products.
I accepted your answer because the consensus is pointing to the exception and you mentioned the JUnit test.  We probably won't be moving to JUnit 4 just yet though.  As the article says JUnit 4 is a radical new framework, not a an upgraded version of the old framework
That's true, but at compile time, all it knows is the constraint: T is a Control, so it binds to the method that takes a Control. This is different from C++ templates which are instantiated before compilation.
Is the next version of emacs going to come with the kitchen sink also?
Is taskkill not there? Well, you learn something new every day :-).
This is not enough. The user could rename an existing object to a name that will be generated later resulting in a collision.
Does javascript load before html markup?
Sorry, you added that after my comment. In my mind I was thinking about private methods, but that's a valid point for public methods.
You forgot 'desexed'. +1 anyway. =)
I guess the problem there might be if tkinter and PIL don't share the same dictionary of colors.  Do you know if they do?
Hi jbu, I hope you got your code working.  I'd like to suggest that, since this a community website, you consider leaving questions open once answered.  Even if the issue is obvious in retrospect, others who have similaridentical problems will then be able to learn from the problem-solving process.
Mark, I would agree - I think the how rewriting the file is the question that needs answering.
Thnx a lot sir..
Good point, it wouldn't hurt to try both.
Craig: And you know what Microsoft uses for each language they support? Why even attempt to learn that when you can use the provided API?
Also, you could have safely abbreviated WRONG. all the way down to 0 characters.
Debian linux is the OS. I was copying by doing a cp -R on the file system. I've tracked down the .classpath file and it looks like the one I was copying was not set up correctly. I'll try again later. Thanks.
You really ought to put another question together for that one. Look at: http:docs.jquery.comAjaxserialize
The point is that in C++, the simple operation `x = y` makes a copy, unlike C because all variables have value semantics. So, implementing the copy constructor and assignment operator is the better solution.
Hi Kent, Thank you that does help. However when I cast the sender to my custom object [Person p = sender as Person]; I get a null in the object p. The class Person has a BitmapImage and a String holding the info to the image and this info is what I want to show in the messagebox. Any pointers?
Pointer is compatible with everything. The only reason you'd need to type-cast is if the compiler had trouble with with overload resolution.
I had to modify the type definition of the function receiving the string as parameter to: `character mname()`. Before, the end of that variable was random garbage, now it is padded with spaces.
I think this is what you are saying: (provided enough computing power) instead of using just words, phrases can be used. So any string between two noise words can be considered a phrase, and perhpas the less common a phrase the higher its value.
Appearently not, why would he ask if he knew the answer?
I'd disagree that this is the same thing as chaining: with chaining you could end up with both animations firing simultaneously due to the way timeouts; using a callback for the slideUp() should in theory ensure that it fires only after fadeOut has finished executing.
it would stop it from working in IE
Are you adding your user control dynamically to the page?
Is your website in a folder? does the generated link look like: commoncssglobal.css?
Should be the Opened event. http:msdn.microsoft.comen-uslibrarysystem.windows.controls.contextmenu.opened.aspx
Ruby certainly helped, I think Javascript and Objective-C too. 
BTW, there are perfectly valid reasons to partition a table into separate 1:1 tables, e.g., supertypesubtype relationships, or, to move complex data types (memos, BLOBs, OLE) into another table to protect the main table from any corruption of the pointers that are stored for those data types.
It's in a folder called PrivateFrameworks, do you need a bigger hint than that?
Yeah, document.title.trim() is working properly but loops are not working :(. Even the above code was not working. Its a simple for loop.
I'm actually charged with maintaining an existing codebase which already uses Smack inside Tomcat. What are the reasons against using Smack in Tomcat (or a j2ee container) ?
Yes, looks like it's got something to do with the environment.
Edited answer re your comment
I guess it's going to be supported in C++0x
It may be helpful if you at least mentioned the type of the object being cloned, and even better, told us what had happened to it up to that point.  The error itself is extremely generic, as there are plenty of reasons why objects can't be cloned at times.
Ben it: I agree with the answer. The reason the const& version works is that the compiler is allowed to bind a const& to a temporary element. The call will create a temporary Animal from CuteKitten (allowed) and then bind the constant reference to the temporary. +1
It's little bit ineffective. To split it and join again. perl -0777 -pe 's<[^>]>gm'
Randolpho what's wrong with the stringbuilder code ? What abuse ?
Right now my calculation logic works with a datatable object returned from the database and sends a datatable to the front end as the source for the gridView. All calculations are already done by the time the second datatable gets to the front end.
+1 for thinking of that. It's what I usually start with when someone uses comma separated data in a field.
I didn't think the answer added any value to this particular discussion, but since you made me feel guilty about it I'll pull it back :)
didn't think of SDL, will give it a try.
And now I don't know why the size of the buffer is 614400. I try to reverse engineering why it was that big from the fact that my display is 320  480.
Now, I just need to think of a way to efficiently create a hash table that won't fit in memory :)
Thanks! This is my first venture into SQL so I have a lot to learn. I meant ID for primary key and BlahBlahID to indicate that it was a key in another table. Always open to suggestions...
 usrlibpython2.5site-packagesaptinit.py:18: FutureWarning: apt API not stable yet  is normal on DebianUbuntu Pythons, an artefact of attempting to graft apt packages into Python package management. I still see the (textual) list of modules.
Alex: This approach can still be used; return new ArrayList(new TreeSet(setIWantSorted))
Mmmkay.  You want to tell me how exactly I embed formatted code in a comment?
Kevin, you probably can't get any better answer then that. Larry is one of the guys who wrote Windows Audio code. :)
As it happens, the n0 issue is not a problem for my given cases as the result of ignoring that is exactly what I want to happen.
And the point I was making about the adopting the NSObject protocol is that you don't need it if you define a class that inherits from NSObject to adopt the protocol. This should get rid of the warning as well.
Can you see the connection between the outlet and the object in your IB panel that shows connections?
nice one, I'll try reviewing all the contents in it and asking my friend whether he had clicked a user-submitted link in it or not.
std::string works perfectly with binary data
Cool article, thanks.
Thanks - This is almost right, but there are issues with moving the last line - I'll update the question with details.
You can select the big tick to accept though..  ;-)
Then I will have to take a look inside OSG... I certainly don't want to embed the whole library for this functionality... thanks!
Well if your a really good programmer, you might consider joining the mono project and contributing to the library you want. Thats the best part about open source, if you don't like the way it works...change it!
that will still work
Lucas, I made it :)
Yes. But the content of the ul will not take up the full width.
I added a representation of my view code.
oh. OK. thank you so much
Use the -m option to jar. Read http:java.sun.comdocsbookstutorialdeploymentjarmanifestindex.html for more details.
Interesting thing, max filename length is 255 characters in drive root.  In subfolders, explorer preemptively determines the max file name when renaming by subtracting the lengths of the folder names and the backslashes required between them, so the path to your file will not exceed max path length.
Yes, this is a solution. What happens if I need to have 100 windows or even more ? I can't create all them and keep them in memory, and the make them visible when I need them.
Abizern - nice reference. You could also link that answer to this question for more info about properties.
Steve Brouillard: Yes. That's for public members, though. You shouldn't have two public members that are different only in case. It's not CLS compliant.
It always worked for me when stdout was redirected, which I would imagine is really the only one that would matter, right?
http:en.wikipedia.orgwikiCons
Plus, I'm not a gears fan, but if I knew and saw that my experience was improved by using it, I'd have a higher opinion of it.
JoeF: Right. My bad. But your function looks good to me otherwise except for a null check.
medicineman: I would say that depends on the job. Some might consider a DBA a server side position, but it's not really a software developer position in a lot of companies that I've seen.
Well, although not intrusive, I think it's a matter of decoupling not the code itself, but the very notion of giving information to external entities about the progress.
I understand your code is illustrative, but for the parent's info; I've worked with people that believe each method should only have a single return statement.  I'm not one of them, but do believe in minimizing the number of returns as much as possible without making the code ugly in doing it.
Can you give me some details? thanks again...
a statement that the reviewer would have checked that code in, himself. That would mean that no code ever got checked in. Everyone has different ideas on what makes quality code. I would be embarassed to check in much of the code that other developers create. So how could they get past my review?
Hey Tyler, I updated my code again, it goes to say Step 1, then doesnt for the rest? Thoughts the function keeps calling every 10ms which makes it load to the eright of the handle correct? If it didnt it would be off? Just so im learning what is going on, thank you.
Call Close instead of Dispose.  Close releases all resources.
This is not specific enough.  Did you get any code generated?  Do you see the interface for your service, but not the client callback interface? Did you use an appropriate dual channel binding, like WSDualHttp?
oh ok, what kind of advantages would i get from using a MCF service instead of an amsx? (this early in the development i can still change over easily)
WCF is the new technology for services in .net, so you would get experience in the latest technology.  WCF is also more standards compliant, and can be used with multiple protocols, not just HTTP
I'm not sure that would work - the previous column's long text will surely cause the width of that column to expand.
This might be useful: http:www.ruby-forum.comtopic5792347559
This seems to remove my new lines. How do I keep them?
AFAIK CMU is LGPL
True enough, but this hasn't prevented mistakes. We normally do commits from VS and AnkhSVN does not display the URL. Maybe it's time to look at VisualSVN.
What compiler (manufacturer, version etc) are you using?
Many IDE's tend to auto-reopen when they get foregrounded, this is mainly to help the development process along if a remote process modified part of a file so that you may continue working so that you don't get one version that is on disk and one version that is in memory.
It make sense that the short cuts don't work after zapping, but which error you get after installing the new version?
apphacker: Could you shortly explain how to sanitize please? I thought it would be enough to use striptags() function in PHP.
Alvaro: Even a large scene should render reasonably.  If you're trying to render something huge, I'd split your command prompts into a separate window.  Otherwise, render that in a separate context, and overlay, but the rendering in the context with your huge scene is going to be tied to that scene
In Oracle, nulls are not indexed. Then the IS NULL cannot take advantage on indexes.
Yeah you need to declare it in a static class.  public static class MyExtensions  (put it here) 
According Ed's suggestion, I changed matrix definition to if(rand == 1) block, but I still got the same err!
It's not about popularity, it's about how people feel about the language. I was just asking for theories. I never meant to put down either language.
Perhaps a hybrid of your solution and mine would work.  I'll add it to my answer
Oops, my blunder.  I didn't read your problem carefully.  I thought you were trying to dump the whole thing to a CSV file.  Sorry!
Is that the chick from The Office?
LOL... I figured he was looking for the relevant section of the HIG (a HUGE document).
You definitely need another job.
looks very interesting, thanks for the info
zacharyrsnow: If one follows sound object oriented design principals then the interfaces will be intuitive and serve a clear purpose.  Since the purpose is clear, no super powers (like an oracle) is required during desing.  So, in general I rather think so...
'' is expected if the application is on the root of the domain, what are you expecting? is your application in a folder? the folder needs to be defined as an application for you to get the folder name in the ApplicationPath.
I disagree. Constructors should only have parameters for what is REQUIRED at the time of creation. Constructors for convenience are to make up for lack of a proper construct to handle the same semantics.
Typically, the sheer number of compilerlinker errors is not an indication of your progress. You may fix one issue, and get many more errors than previously, because the compilation can now proceed further.
You're welcome. Note that NSKeyed[Un]Archiver is preferred over NS[Un]Archiver nowadays.
Every dictionary is an instance of the type dict. It can be be build two ways: either using the syntax , or by calling the constructor dict(). Calling a variable (or anything) dict prevents you from building a dictionary by calling dict(), and from testing the type.
I copied it there with another account.
Lucero - Just how exactly does suggesting casting a datetime value to a string constitute advocating SQL injection?
Defensive copying due to mutability can also cause this.
thanks - it works - well almost.. details under altCognitos answer
So, you're saying that the normal subscript operator implementation a necessary evil? I neither disagree or agree with this; as I am none the wiser.
Iraimbilanja: I want to pad the sizeof the class thereby reserving room for future expansion.  This is quite common in Win32 structs to see a reserved variable that is not used for anything, I'm not talking about static members.
thanks. its there. which port can i use alternatively?
Voted to close: subjective and argumentative.
i think strings in single quotes are ascii.. so 'xa0' will raise an exception..
This ignores the fact that inheritance is a reality in these situations.  This is a reality for both contracts designed in code and those designed in XML schema - you have to define inherited types so that the client can have a definition for that type.
I can't keep it from treating it as an assembly, even if I add it as a 'file'
Thank you.  The DataContext of the UserControl was my issue.
True. I interpreted the same copy of a value as meaning one instance.
You definitely don't want to be writing your own parser, but you can use the parser from the Dynamic LINQ library. See my answer.
Well, it's not the same actually. By using NGEN you lose optimizations based on runtime information, and that's the only reason I'm trying to avoid using it.
Charlie - perhaps I wasn't clear in my question - I've seen tutorials like this one before, the question is can I reply from a new socket opened from a different process, or do I have to reply from the one I recvfrom'ed. This example doesn't show the reply from the server
I have actually looked at creating a good error handler, but I haven't figured out a way to keep local error handling in the local file. One thought was to use the results of debugbacktrace to figure out the current class, then call a specific handleerror method on that class. What do you think?
Yep. The other query is parameterised, why not this one?
Why? Perhaps in his application it is perfectly legit for there to be duplicate usernames
Does the pasted content appear garbled immediately when it is pasted? Or after the form has been posted to the server and redisplayed on the following page?  What you're describing is symptomatic of UTF-8 encoded text being interpreted as Latin-1 or Windows-1252.
No. It appears correct. The pages handling the output are all UTF-8, though, so I suspect it is Windows-1252 that cannot be rendered properly. Maybe? I edited my example above to (hopefully) clarify.
If you want to add new elements, you need to grab the XElement you want to add something to. What do you want to do? You can't do all through one single query...
What happens if someone wants to enter oldnew which would presumably end up as oldnew in the database? :)
Thanks Cory for pointing me in the right direction, much appreciated...
maoanz: As I said, it really shouldn't be difficult since even Flex allows you to upload files. Do you need any specific API references?
thanks for the answer I am wanting the footer to use the same table as the main body. I am currently working on a custom renderer to do this. I will post details once I have completed.
If you need to be SQL-92 compliant, use INFORMATIONSCHEMA instead of the systable or sys.tables catalog views (those are SQL Server specific)
In Scotland, loads of secondary schools still teach VB6 as part of their Computing Standard Grade (no idea what the US equivalent is), some even for their [Advanced] Higher (think AP CS). Thankfully the tests just say an appropriate high-level language.
I tried this first, sadly, this does not work. See Cheeso's comment above.
heh! that's what I get for actually writing in Mngt Studio instead of off the top of my head :)
Are FieldA and FieldB of the same type? If so, that can greatly simplify things.
That article was almost entirely written by Marc Gravell, in fact - who also wrote the helper classes in MiscUtil.
George agreed, but it is commonly base 2.
perfect, thanks guys!
I dont think someone sane would expect to be able to use language features of one language in another.
+1: for mentioning the documentation (you came first:)
That's because the docs state something which is not the full truth. Close() is not meant to be used to clear the cache.
What does your connection string look like and what error are you receiving?
There's quite a few other questions on the ternary operator for more info on their use.
with 1.5 GBs RAM. Nothing special. vs the server has a 64 MB limit.. run a 64mb iniset an try. check my answer for calculations.
+1 for the WECSSKAFPA link, that saved me from surfing it up. :)
Rob: IMHO you only refactor working code if it will be changed soon. If it won't need changes soon, IMHO you have to question the benefit of refactoring right now. YAGNI, if you like. And Kenny, I don't believe even the most fanatical TDD wonk has a suite of tests that covers 100 of the possible input - partly because it's impossible :). It could be my world is different from yours. Joel touches on this here (search this for Kent Beck) http:www.joelonsoftware.comarticlesFiveWorlds.html
What book can you recommend me for learning MVC?
No, I am using as oldish version of the DLR which in turn uses Reflection.Emit.
More of a rant than a question, really.  As with Mitch, I've never had problems with TFS losing a file and I've been using it for 3 years.
thanks, I just edited the post to clarify that employees changing companies would not be an escenario.
The TLabel actually draws on its parent and is not rendered transparent by windows so I don't believe it is a driver issue.  I am pretty sure the TLabel has had the transparent property since at least Delphi 3, which was prior to Windows 2000).
I didn't know that Perl wasn't an abbreviation!  Thanks for the heads up.
Watch out, someone asked the same question earlier and got down-voted and closed as not programming related.  May want to make this community wiki, or suffer some rep loss... :)
I've read this answer. The problem is that it is not specific to ASP.NET where you have to do some specific configuration to get them to work properly.
I considered creating a new class at runtime, and wrapping all class properties in a method that does stuff, then goes about its normal business, but again, I'm not sure if this is possible, and it gets complicated quickly.
So.. even thoug it's the same - having the ability to lauch your favorite html-editor, and still be able to see images, labels(text-spans), dropdownlist etc. is genius!
the default.  Questioner has a test program now, and I want another cup of coffee.
Use -iname to make it case insensitive.
Can you give move details, for example the class definition?
I tried that but it didn't work.
I am using sybase ISQL , It show near BEGIN in line:14,but if i remove 
sitMap in Asp.net
You should better use a regular expression to take multiple whitespace characters into account.
I also store config files in an svn repository, but I checkout into a separate directory and then have a setup script to delete the original files and create symbolic links to the ones in the repo. That way I don't have to manually delete files.
Ick - I guess we could do with knowing the book then :)
Ok, it's working now. I should be using tinyint instead of int for the primary column in the database.
It's a key difference -- if Java were really pass by reference then if you said myHashMap.get(2)=null then the original object passed in to the HashMap with key 2 would now be null.  But it won't.  Yes, the whole pass by value where the value is actually a reference is confusing, but it's important to actually understand it.
you need exclude ticket.ticketid from group by clause, and from select clause too (TICKET.TICKETID as TICKETID). and thats will be good. unfortunately, i can`t edit my answer ( and i wrote bad comment
Bear in mind that this question extends beyond just ASP.NET.
Meff, I guess that's what numbers 3-8 are for - various combinationsorientations.  Neuter kind of made me laugh...
Clever macro hack to use the stringize macro operator to charize raw chars!   Of course this doesn't help much when trying to use a template argument. Unless maybe a varargs style macro (C99??) could strip off one char, build a new typedef and include the remaining var args as a recursive type a-la Loki?
Johannes, so you could answer all my other questions except 2? :-)
Ok, now I think I get it, but no you can't do it. Since it actually depends on the endianness of the hardware among other things
Just wondering, why would you need such long form element names?
You do realize lossless will run you... a few gbminute right...?
Yeah, I've been thinking about doing that, but it would be so much easier and so much less work if there was another way.
[myObject valueForKey:theKnownKey] is nil for sure, so i can make following:
MyCalss        .
When you say log4net hes the following advantages, does that mean, that Enterprise Library does not support all of these features?
onnodb: Interfaces are indeed a good help for properly decoupled design. Unless you need to have circular references the ref-counting isn't bad at all - you just need to be careful when mixing interfaces with references to the implementing objects. Don't do this, and you will be happy. Since classes can implement multiple interfaces there is generally no need to use the object references directly, just implement and use a more specialized secondary interface instead.
To clarify: I want a method signature that will accept any iterable object, be it a primitive array or a Collection. I can very easily write two methods, with one wrapping the other, but I'm just curious if there's a better way.
There is no funny moderation option.
Another tip: Don't use the technique in this answer, all the negative sides of singletons apply here as well - if you try to eliminate globals, don't go for such disguised globals instead. Having a interface reference in a place you control is just as good as above technique, with the added benefit that the implementing object will actually be destroyed once all references to it are reset, instead of it staying in memory until the app exits. That would be little better than a memory leak.
Also good advice, I used removeClass(look) on the base class of the element (instead the changed class name).
That's what i'm doing right now .. which kills me :( i hate seeing multiple hits to a DB when i feel that it could be batched up.
perigrin, thanks dude, i'll definitely check out the irc site when i can, cause my company prohibits irc from our work pc:(
It seems you might be right. I changed the index.html page to something simple - and that works as expected, so somewhere where I can't find it there probably is a redirect
Mmm.  The question is wrong.  I mean on an in-use volume that the entries left-over in the MFT, from files which once existed but now are gone, those entries are cleaned up.
I'm currently exploring a solution involving DumpBin. One of its features is the export of data (code+resources) part only of executables, into text files.
That is what I am using(WinpCap with WireShark) but the problem is not with capturing packets. The EndReceive() blocks because of which my thread blocks. I want to get out of the this blocking.
You can even remove the if when you use Filter on the Spans collection like this:
Thanks, I fixed the url to the original msdn blog.
Although, come to think of it, didn't Delphi itself use to come with a threading demo that showed various sorts graphically? Perhaps you could look that out.
Looks interesting, thanks.
downvoters: please explain your downvotes, or they're pointless
Can you please explain why the cast isn't necessary? I'm not a C programmer ... and I would like to understand as much as possible of it's magic.
Thanks. I was looking primarily looking to playback .wav files
If this one get's slow with bigger tables, chech my join solution
The only problem there is that the article is from 2002, and is about the unsupported SOAP Toolkit.
Hi , thanks that is what i am looking for , now comes the noob question how and where do i set that up
Didn't you have HyperLego 4d Building Toy when you were a kid?
That's not always feasible Sam. There are certain scenarios where you're dealing with server side controls that spew out the HTML where having to add IDsClassnames might mean writing some fiddly OnRender code to tack it on. I'm talking about the best practice way to provide overrides at different nesting levels when there are no IDs.ClassNames to filter by
Just remember that .Length is 0-based and .Count is 1-based.  If an Array contains [SteveTomGeorge] then .Length() will return 2 and .Count() will return 3.
Right, we do that in places where we find we more or less have to.
I consider eager loading a form of tuning. You give away the comfort of having your entites loaded automatically by the ORM and you add explicit or implicit eager loading where requiered to get better performance. And I did not want to state that you do not care at all, but you do usually not care about one, two, or three round trips. why do you use an ORM? Because it simplifies your code, lets you concentrate on the core concerns, takes away technical details. It is just an form of abstraction.
Thanks. I should add that I did finally find page which discusses making ActiveX objects without MFCATLetc
Can you not create a service account to perform authentication with? That account need not be able to interactively log-in. 
Whitepapers from vendors. Not users.
forcing a mailclient to start in pageload etc, would also be a securityrisk and i sure don't want MY browser to be able to do that.
So I'm not at a loose end yet! I'm checking it out as we speak.
+!: Keeping user-supplied filenames in your own local filenames is difficult and a recipe for security disasters even without having to worry about Unicode.
-1 Agree with jrandomhacker - if you read the thread all the way through, there's some interesting stuff about the pitfalls of profiling, and also some more reliable results.
sakthiopr websites are usually translated in this way (or some way similar to this) It's just a collection of strings that need to be outputted at a certain location.
System.Drawing is what I was looking for, thank you.
Excellent, thanks.
Reflects the long tradition of UNIX tools to treat characters and bytes as equal which only recently began to break down a little. Subversion is also a widely used tool which can't treat UTF-16 as text.
Just a minor point, do you know about the obgetclean method?
Well since in REST your URLs are your interfaces, then it is kind of an API question.  While I don't think there are any guidelines specific to your example, I would go with camel case personally.
I disagree. I have tried both and I like bison better (although I prefer ANTLR over both). The weird syntax needed to fit EBNF into C++ makes it very hard to read grammars.
Hey Steve, enjoyed your talk on Azure!
Also, please present an example of classes that have member functions and are polymorphic but have no virtual functions in C++.
Say more about It looked like they were reimplementing many C++ features?
I'm hitting a similar problem with a Facebook Connect application that runs inside an overlaid iframe on a third-party site, except I'm having the problem with Safari and Firefox too, if users have opted not to accept third party cookies. Did you see the same issues there, or am I missing something?
Thanks-- that looks like what I need, but my javascript abilities are barely at Padawan level. I have a firm grasp of XHTML & CSS, but javascript is magic to me.
Marc, do you know that NDepend can help a lot churning code coverage data? See here: http:codebetter.comblogspatricksmacchiaarchive20080409make-the-most-of-your-test-coverage-data.aspx
Thanks for the answer - very good point!
I definitely agree with your second paragraph. I think one of the issues with my particular screen is that the 2 column format moves all the checkboxes away from the questions and that seems to lessen the effect of the users built-in mapping. (The mapping you refer to in paragraph 1).
Can you explain how Unexpectedly calling the garbage collector at the wrong time can be disastrous.? preferably in this thread -> http:stackoverflow.comquestions780815surprises-moving-from-c-to-c
That might not work if application is protected from multiple instances.
Ah yes, I haven't implemented any helpers yet.  The likelihood is that it will fire off a database query for permissions.  I'm not sure just yet.  It literally just outputs some HTML anyway.  I'll quickly have a bash at the HTML helper.
Ok, well with those caveats in place I'd say it's perfectly ok to use locking for locally contested resources :)
Michael: That's what he said. The second would iterate twice.
You don't need the cast, reference types are all objects anyway.
like the way you think :)
There's also an .fla file included. Should I be doing something with that?
I will give this a try.  Although instead of using a class name like this I think I would rather do this selector:   gridViewId td  
I've dumped and checked both values numerous times, and they're always correct.  For example, here's a date from an upcoming event I just pulled from the XML feed: 1243270800, which is GMT: Mon, 25 May 2009 17:00:00 GMT, which is correct.
Thanks Alex,
oops, yes, you are right, there was an instance of that symbol on the stage, but i didnt realize it until reading this ;) thanxalot
I'd suggest not to use separate textboxes - you won't be able to copy & paste the address. That can get annoying...
Totally agreed on the .NET 2.0 vs 3.5 point over VBC switch.
Quote Fabio Maulo, an nhibernate developer..., I would say, he is THE nhibernate developer :-) Good answer anyway.
I noticed something similar to this the other day.  I didn't get very far in determining if it was a bug or something wrong on my part.  Seeing you question here makes me think it is a bug or just different then expected (that is a bug too, right?)  I'll try it again and see what I come up with.
sweeet, I didn't know there was a round() function - I can use that! (I'd upvote but it's not really an answer to the OP's question...)
No worries... Glad you've found a useful answer anyway.
I wouldn't agree for a LOB application where the user expects to see fields in the same location. I don't expect to rearrange fields based on resolution. I would like to design it up front to minimize any vertical or horizontal scrolling for the majority of users.
Even the Mars rovers had bugs in production.  Hey JPL, we have a candidate here..
This adds a lot of coupling to your projet. If Customers from GetCustomers changes FromCountry(), then this code, located in a 3rd place will also fail. Minimizing impact of changes is crucial
IMHO, 1st edition K&R was a really well written book. It is slim, succinct, and clear. It explains the language itself well. It is not fluffy with redundant material, and does expect that the reader is paying attention. Later editions suffer some from the complexities introduced by the standards but are still remarkably readable. I'd agree about all editions of Stroustrup, however, with their unreadability increasing dramatically as the edition increases.
+1  Kernighan & Ritchie is a standard text.
Most of the fancy 'true' implementation is POD. Still ridiculous.
Ahhh, fair enough. My mistake sorry.
Oh, I completely forgot about that! Thanks :)
From the way I understand it, you can link code under any license to CDDL code.
Brian, fair enough, and it was borderline as to whether or not to wiki it.  The question was asked after leaving out a semi-colon in a regularly used header in a large build.  It cost me half an hour, hence the visit to SO.  Question edited as per your suggestion.
Re: first comment.  I don't think you've missed anything. I did think about it some more last night and thought that you could try setting some user data into the authentication ticket, like their IP address or something, and if that information changed, automatically log them out.  That makes it harder for another machine to impersonate... but IP address can also be spoofed.  It would be a tiny bit more secure though.
No errors -- if i remove the AJAX pieces everything works appropriately.  And like I mentioned, about 66 of the time it works appropriately AS IS, with the Ajax libraries still in the markup.
I've considered holding out for CoreData, but it would be nice to have something on the App Store before that time comes. I also would eventually like to port my application to other platforms which obviously won't be supporting CoreData.
well, I'm curious...
not programming related
Daniel, after reading that article I have to agree that locking the type object is a bad idea. And guess where I learned the technique - by using Reflector on Microsoft's own code! I wish I could remember where it was exactly but it was a long time ago. One can only hope it's been improved in the latest framework.
Can you give me an example?  Thanks
followup question: If it's incompatible, can you post a link that says something that suggests quirky behavior. It's not something I, or I imagine someone else would expect.
You're probably right on the JIT. I was just noting that if the BigDecimals are small enough that their product fits into a long, the code path is significantly shorter. Unfortunately, multiplying a huge number by 1 triggers the hard case.
Ooooh wait a minute. It seemed to work ok at first, but after a few applications of it, it seems to be messing up a little. I have a certain high score table where there are 6 usernames in the level 1 category, and it's only showing 3 names on this output. :(
My xampp Application status shows both apache and mysql state 1 start 1 service 1 
Is the newline printed or nothing at all? How about the `Console.ReadLine`? Does it work?
when i looked i thought it said the other one was first shrugs
Andreas - your understanding is wrong. Package protection kicks in here and messes things up, compile and run to see for yourself. Here are couple of links that explain similar behavior: http:gbracha.blogspot.com200903subsuming-packages-and-other-stories.html
This solution solve the problem much more quickly and easily than the one involving nested master pages.
Thanks for the info, I was looking for something like this, great answer!
Just to let you know, I just found a jQuery method for this: form.serialize(). I've updated my post with some new info.
Good point -- it may take longer to wait for an SO answer, but you get reputation paints.
You must create it in your home directory.
Good links! lots of people conflate object-oriented with imperative. They are orthogonal to each other.
Yes, you can also write (cmpLen (>) x) as y -> compLen (>) x y. Or even (x y -> length x > length y). The `if` clause returns a function. Either a function that prepends x to a list, or the id function. You can also write this: if (p x) then x : filter p xs else filter p xs.
The HTML specs really screwed up form inputs didn't they? :P
WSDL describes the service completely. It provides the information necessary to serialize and deserialize. In any case, try [SoapRpcMethod]
Interesting! How would you fill it?
it show error when i run it in IE6. What error are you seeing in IE6?
I agree on not using with. But I would advise to use a try after the create and a finally before the free.
This question seems to ask a similar thing: http:stackoverflow.comquestions305285servlet-containers-and-class-path
I like the idea behind nested lambda expressions.  I didn't know you could do that.
What do you recommend for profiling? A quick search suggests Valgrind, but this only works on linux. Is there an option that would run on both linux and windows?
I think you need a call to GetType() e.g. value.GetType().GetGenericArguments().Length > 0
Ok, so which one do you recommend. I'd prefer an easy one ;)
You may also hear this book referred to as the camel book.
Unfortunately you still have to use the command line a lot. But I read that it will improve as WPF grows older. Does anybody know if there will be any improvements with VS 2010?
Can you be a little more detailed? I don't know how to use `modinfo`. What args do I need to pass to it?
-- Well, if I make one tooltip per control it works. It's a workaround, but I'd still like to understand why it doesn't update if you change the DataContext property. Perhaps the tooltip object design was never intended to be used in this way?
Oh, you mean masterServer.BeginConnect() ? In that case use BeginConnect()'s callback parameter to get the asynchronous functionality. I'll update my answer to include that code.
Okeydokey.  Edited.
That will tell you if the LAN is available, but not if the WAN is (for example, if you're behind a NAT firewall)
Sorry, but I have never heard of such a setting where a parameter can't be passed in, even XSLT through a browser. Some more info from OP about his environment is most welcome. The whole culture thing still is a big mystery, after he explained it, so not much hope for a solution yet is there? :)
reset as in disable stop words, or as in change stop words?
You can do that? Damn! Awesome!
Already tried - see previous answers
Great answer. Thanks a lot. Just what I had in mind.
It gets a little tricky, from a business perspective. 
Can someone just report this? The OP is trying to circumvent a legal agreement (that doesn't even exist any more). Please vote to close if you can.
Timing both approaches is a good idea. You don't know the first will be faster, since each call to end() will almost certainly be inlined into a single pointer comparison. Also, the C++ standard guarantees that calling end() on any container is a constant-time operation, so it can never be sufficiently complicated.
Need more information
That's cool but what I need is to be able to manage it programmatically (embed in an app, randomize the initial tempo and record the users selected tempo) so I need to know how to get at it via WMP's API.
If you want to find the system-wide limit, look at the special file procsysfsfile-max .  You can also modify that.  However, I concur you should not be modifying these limits without great reason.  Building out (more machines) is better and usually cheaper than building up (trying to make a single machine do more).
Winforms? Webforms? Wpf?
I'm not sure you mean lazily in this context.  Cache is almost always filled lazily -- i.e., only when needed.  I think you're really talking about parsing material from other websites lazily.
Check you've a) actually saved the schema.ini file, b) saved it in the same folder as the Database in the SQL, c) actually named it schema.ini (your edit says scheme.ini), d) for me right now Year(Date) & Month(Date) & Day(Date) & .csv returns 2009428.csv (you seem to have CSV2009427.csv i.e. yesterday's date).
Also possibly a -maxdepth 1 to only work in the current directory.
actually without the space the tr command does nothing
form.onsubmit will always be a function as long as it's defined as an HTML attribute. See my answer.
THanks. I'm still pretty new to unit testing (not allowed to use it at work :S)
We decided from the beginning not to use Flex, but I will check it out. Do you happen to know its method of skinning?
Sorry, I'm half asleep! I meant I want to find the average number of times that copies of each DVD appear in the Loan table
You bring up a very good point. I have closed the browser and reopened it and the values aren't retained. I think it works, but now I am a little paranoid. Thanks for pointing that out.
Ohh..right.. commandline = no apache. Well, is there anyway I can get some more feedback than internal server error, or check what apache modules are installed?
Yes...err... the page is not being found!
great idea. 
That`s the effect i need, but... I wanted that to be more generic.
I added a third edit, which I think does the tally more like you wanted...
Hm... When you look at it that way, it's true. You made it sound like it was a special property of , but it is equally true for ^ or  or .. The key question remains unanswered - what does it match?
Indeed. WHen performance is an issue, what python is good at is binding together high performance external modules, or prototyping the system and then allowing the bottlenecks (usually deep in an inner loop) to be rewritten as a C module etc.
I think the SQL Profiler is your best bet here.. if you dont know where or when the records are being added to the specific table. Find the SP and do a find in the solution.
the answer's solution sounds easy, but it does not explain many pitfalls the questioner should be aware of :(
Added to my answer some stuff about sql-type.
Thanks a lot!!!
How are you generating that table? Is it custom HTML, or some canned grid?
Would the application rootbin directory be considered bizarre?  In a web app, I think so.
Since it requires Perl 5.10, why don't you add named captures?
This is not entirely true. Some licenses allow you to incorporate other OSS in your product and sell them: check http:en.wikipedia.orgwikiPermissivefreesoftwarelicence
That's exactly what's going on. According to the Delphi helpfile, the .NET framework can only go up to double precision. Delphi uses Extended by default.
The last one is my fav
Today, I realize that .Net framework is very huge size. Because I don't know about ControlPaint class before. But I use only 3-party image processing(like AForge.net). Thanks.
It depends on what you change. If you change a header file, everything that includes that header will have to recompile. If you change a .cpp file, only that file should need to be recompiled.
According to http:java.sun.comj2se1.5.0docsapijavautilArrayList.html, ArrayList does not implement Queue.
joe - Fixed - great point
I have tested this method over multiple users and it works fine. It does bring up a good question in how can I make globally static variables that live over multiple sessions, because this isn't the way to do it.
+1, FormTagHelper is the generic version of FormHelper. The latter has formfor and is specific to AR models, while the former has formtag and can be used for anything.
When is your code run? On (document).ready() or sometime else? If you use Firebug (an add-on to firefox) you'll be able to watch the DOM changes made by jQuery real-time, including changes to href attributes.
I tried doing as Stefan recommends using the many to one mapping as shown in examples below...then populating the tables and it still fails to populate the SupportTicketCategory property.
+1 This is a great question. I was looking for something like this recently.
I stand corrected.
Using datedefaulttimezoneset('UTC'); is a great way to do it. Be aware in the case of you needing other dates on your page, it may cause side effects in accuracy of other dates. If you have no other dates on your page, ignore this comment. :-)
What work will you do in the else when more than one row is returned?
Doesn't work with a script containing multiple batches (GO statements) - see my answer for how to do that.
I definitely agree about the readability
Not working Kent. I bind the combobox from db. When i check the radio buton check, i want to clear the combox box.
I just want to separate the incorrect href attribute in the first out so that it becomes the correct href and title attributes. I don't mind how that happens :)
They also missed a hyphen, but I doubt that was meant quite as ironically. :)
Or is there another elegant method of drinking in a little of the file at a time delimited by something other than a newline?
I voted to close: not programming related.
You can replace the fieldset or div with the ID or class of them to get specific fieldsets or divs.
Well is it different in comments? <bla>
The smarter way to do this in .NET is to switch to ASP.NET MVC
But also note: cin >> ignores proceeding whitespace so it would not be affected by the newline.
Checkout my response here, http:stackoverflow.comquestions804970is-there-a-subversion-checkout-hook-or-something-similar.
Not a uniform distribution.
hmmm...vendor is not optional...you mean to use review.vendor in the form?
Hey, this is exactly the answer you asked for isn't it?  Have you checked it out?
I am not sure what is so bleeding bad about this quesiton to get five downvotes and two upvotes... and it does suggest using math but my question stands at how you would design a simulation.
Removed 'vb6' tag since question specifically asks about VBScript.
Jeez, don't get so testy Graphain.  I fixed my invalid code.  And nice catch, Phaedrus.  I rushed my answer.
Did you check out the line that has the defvar?  For me, it spans 2 lines:
Thanks. I am on shared hosting. All these - Linux OS, Apache, MySQL, PHP - are supposed to be managed by the webhosting company. How do I ensure that the site does not get cracked. For the time being I am uploading the site all over again.
Deviant: But yours run at O(n^2) and mine in O(n)  :)
std::map<std::string, std::vector<int> > words;
Ok. Many thanks!
.NET Inflector is great, you can define rules, exceptions, uncommon pluralizations, non-countables such as fish and sheep etc etc.  Great library
This is the same as the candidate Boost.Log. Cheers! ;-)
Thanks for the input, but when I remove that, I still get a long string of that character.  22 in total.  It seems like selenium might be trouble with the looping?
Anyway guys, these stuff doesn't really add much value. I just submitted the answer to clarify the signed right shift fact which is really important to know when doing bitwise operations.
One thing you could use is deisposing the objects after you are done using them.
You are incorrect to say that Dispose will clean up an object and prepare it for GC.  The usual use of Dispose is to deterministically release unmanaged resources.  The only thing that prepares an object for GC (if there is even such a thing) is the last reference to the object going out of scope.
Excellent point, Tomalak. I only use ON criteria like this when I need to pre-filter the records from one of the tables I'm joining.
JQuery is another very good alternative to hand-rolled code.
You have to ask yourself why are hard coded references not easily accomplished? MS did us a favor! Because in a team environment you use source control. It is more important that everything work relatively below your workspace folder. Then everyone can have different paths to their specific workspace. It is really not that hard. Continuous integration and deployment are also much easier as well.
Its a little complicated (for me at least) as the contents of the ratings div are being filled in by a js-kit javascript function and so are not available at design time. The div is empty (to start) and looks like this:
Yeah - if the architect wants people out of version control, switching to a different version control won't help... (switching architect types might, though - JK ;) [sort of] )  I'd be more worried about why there is just a single person trying to monopolize the source control.
If you read the quote above, it says it's constant-time assuming the hash function disperses the elements properly among the buckets. From CS theory, hash tables have constant time operations when the hash function is good (which happens on average), but may take linear time in the worst case.
Considering that you could use the table layout model in CSS, it wouldn't even have to affect semantics of the markup.
Chaining the inheritance would definitely work, but sadly it would defeat the purpose of my mixins.  There are instances (I'm not sure when), where I would want something to just have GlobalMixin or just have DeleteMixin (or have both).  I'll definitely have to look into your other suggestion.  I agree that it's a little ugly, but maybe it can be cleaned to provide the similar functionality in a cleaner package.
might work, have you tested this? But XSLTXPath is a bit far fetched, html is not xml by a long show, especially the output of server controls :(
A exact 1-to-1 mapping for all features is improbable to achieve in 5 weeks. Talk to your instructor and understand the scope of the assignment. That should be your first step. Once you have narrowed down your scope you can start hacking pieces.
Thanks for your help
Thank you very much :)
Can you rephrase your question, I'm not quite sure what you're asking...
This is excellent because it immediately and constructively shows how a program can be used to create something relevant to an average person's life. It would be simple to extend this example to get a random beach photo from Flicker every 15 minutes and set it as the user's desktop. That's the basic functionality of pay software that cycles desktop images.
This 'definition' does not match what the C standard defines: void memset(void s, int c, sizet n);
The link I posted in my previous comment has all of the information you need. But I'll edit my answer anyway...
Hey - another Erik!
The outer loop loops more than once. I need it to loop only once
Cletus suggested range(). Yes, break does work however, I have a question. If it breaks out of the first loop, will the break affect the inner loop? The inner loop will need 0:M iterations.
You're going to be bottlenecked by by synchronization. You may as well look into battery backed DRAM based storage if you want to go down this road.
So the build script looks like a gcc style script. Note that it references a Modules subdirectory you will need for linking.
Thanks, but that's not quite my problem. I've already gotten into the habit of starting my scripts with !usrbinperl. I can run scripts fine once I've given them executable permissions; I was just looking for a simpler way of doing so.
I want f to call methods on the parameter depending on its type, so if the parameter is a C I want to call C.deliverTo(), but if the parameter is a B I want to call B.deliverTo(). Thank you.
Right, dribeas.  It's likely that on Paul's Ubuntu box, gcc is compiled with -m64 as the default, whereas on the OSX box -m32 is the default.
BTW, congrats on being user 100,000!
I want to know if there's a theory that formalize the distributed computing, like the Queue Theory in network, not a program that do the work for me ;)
You need to provide more information. How is the window being opened? Is it being released when closed? Is it in its own nib?
I got this error since yesterday, May 3rd.
It is most unlikely to be file locking, as you say.
nitpick ... int is a common reserved identifier for Integer in other languages, I would consider changing it to reduce confusion. What is hh namespace?
That's not right, Antonio, it may be missing some enterprise features but it's quite capable of making GUI Windows apps.
jwendl - You don't seem happy with my answer, so I'm curious, as a self-check, how my answer conflicts with yours? Whether you return a DTO or a Domain Aggregate through the repository is simply a matter of usage. If all you need is a DTO, then fine, but I'm thinking Domain Driven Design here, which is a perfect fit for MVC.
2) Porting: From a 68000 hardware to a todays piece of hardware. Then OS, go Windows or Linux ?
What's better is when you see that the same syntax could target something running on the DLR - like Python or Javascript methods - or even COM objects... It's going to be really great I think. =)
I'm glad you mentioned these I always forget to use them when designing control panels that I don't want to flood with resources (round corner images ect.)
I'm using the MIPS And instruction, which is Bitwise.
That's interesting, I wasn't aware of that.  I just took a look at the itertools docs; but I wonder why is this faster than just using range or xrange?
Check here: http:www.libsdl.orgdownload-1.2.php
Please specify build the header again. Subsequent invocations of the sort() function? Reloading the page? Something else? When and how do those invocations occur? Thanks.
Please make community wiki - this is not a real question
My anti-virus is Nod32. At first, I disabled the anti-virus but it didn't solve my problem but by using your method my problem is solved. Thanks a million :)
I know MSBuild. I want to find some ready to usereference sample to do file copy. Any recommendations?
Sorry, I don't understand the question.
Whoa -- don't change T for student in BinarySearchTree -- tpdi was just saying to think what happens when you call new BinarySearchTree<Student> - the compiler will plug in Student for T. Your declaration should still read public class BinarySearchTree<T extends Comparable<T>>.
I have no need for audit but I get what you mean. How do you feel about implementing that kind of logic just to keep track internally with no intention of auditing?
By the way, don't mix English and German. datum sounds cool, but is the singular of data. You are looking for date. Greetings from M nster(Westf.)
cool! it works. Thank u
I have been using http:regexplib.comRETester.aspx , but your tool is more easier to use. Thank You.
Have you read A Design Rationale for C++CLI?
This is on Windows, evtest.c looks like it's Unix-only.
Neither. As stated, I'm looking for specific development patterns. There has to be a more definitive list of development tactics that support and hinder this type of development vs. the old Waterfall methods.
I want to learn how to use the standard Ruby framework.
r u setting the button events to the First Responder in the NIB file?
As lassevk stated above, the limit on that method is 1000 rows.  You may want to look into the INSERT INTO tblName SELECT ... FROM otherTbl syntax, since what you're doing seems to come almost directly from another SQL statement.  There's no row limit on this.
Thanks for the link, it worth the check. Looks like to be very powerfull but maybe a bit overkill for my needs, but I put it in my fav so when I'll have the time, I'll check it back. Thx!
It is little unsettling that Comeau should be wrong, though.
I don't get what you want to say. I just can't agree to your assumptions about my intentions.
I'd advise gi since you never know how someone will case their tags
Post some code?
are you building the sql where clause in a string, or are you using a parameterized query?
I'm not really sure what you mean by a 'vertical marquee'. Do you want text, for instance, to scroll vertically as one big block like movie credits that just endlessly loop (or wrap) or something? Like, say you had a block of text that was 100px high and 100px wide. And you had a marquee area of 200px... You would want this block of text to scroll down and then have the hidden parts magically wrap to the top and continue scrolling? If this is what you mean, let me know and I'll see what I can do to make that happen for ya.
Yes, the TPM would serve to prevent loading code in the PC case. However if one can't load any code at all, then making DRM is fairly trivial, since you don't have to hide the key very well.
It is possible to Create XML File with concatination But it's not opening the XML file,because lot of empty spaces in XML file.
Is it really fair that i vote up the ones that support my view? Probably not... I really wanted to hear from the people who thought it was ok... Oh well
Chas: second name != last name. like JFK :)
Hi Buddy
he is accessing bytes, not lines - so no need to care about that.
I don't know Confluence either, other than as a Wiki reader, but all Confluence sites I have seen have been very ugly and extremely slow.
Did it solve this particular problem? :)
i was wondering if i could do a case statement but have never done one for such a large query, normally use it one at a time so thought that might slow the procedure down which is why i went with the IF statement. Would i use the same format have one case statement with all the selects in or a statment for each one and encorporate teh second statements into it. Would that have been better as it seams just as long winded to me?!
Explanation please?
Although I'm using a DataContext, I assume EF also tracks object changes which is probably the larger resource in both cases.
Cleaning may prove to be an option. I'd agree with Joe though - 55 Canal Rd and 55 Canal St should not be handled as though they are the same address. Instead of replacing street with a space, replace with the abbreviation st to get consistent addresses.
See my edit above
As explained I am using the installer for PHP, so PEAR package is NOT included. You are just saying that the PEAR is there ( which is true if you use the PHP zip file but not the PHP installer)... not sure your advice solves my problem...
your solution works very well, thanks
I chose to use this calendar control because I'm developing in ASP.Net and we have to limit what we use. We already have the Ajax control toolkit in our project so I have to stick to that.
No, won't help with 32 bit code running on 64 bit enabled processor.
This doesn't work.
No, it's not besides the point.  If the question was Where do you hide your house keys because I want to steal your stuff, would you chide me if my answer was Don't do that! instead of a friendly warning coupled with a 'However...?
My answer would be to have a look in the PHP manual first to see if such function already exists. Otherwise a forforeach loop.
Thanks. This worked perfectly.
+1. This problem of changing Strings  making constantsenums is nothing specific to using Spring Security - a good practice no matter what.
ah yes - that's a special case. You need to use file=filename.config instead.
Since the Statuses amounts to an enum that doesn't change often (if ever), you could save a copy of the Statuses collection in memory (Application state for web) and grab them as necessary.
mmyers: In this case, no, but I maintain the convention of using static methods in Lists to instantiate my lists whenever possible. It's usually a win.
If only it was that simple!  Ha, That's what I get for trying to write an example on the spot.  It's not an issue with the class names, as far as I can tell.
LINQ isn't exactly an ORM - but I'll go check out the link just in case it's got useful techniques.
Was a typo, fixed.
Pick one of the computers A or B, and always log the time from that computer.
how can you elaborate on Jon Skeet?
It lets you change Vim's current working directory. For example:
right agreed with your point of hard coded urls
Changed the build type to content and it worked, will try out resource later
Well its not impossible, just annoying! Since there are a lot of numeric types. This seems to be the best solution but I was wondering if there was a better way.
sorry but I dont know what isn't clear in my question
Could you show me your Entity interface? What is it? A component? A custom class?
That's comparable with the company I'm thinking of, then. It was a lot to do with the culture though - the senior developers were deliberately made very available, and common components were only black-box if the user wanted them to be. It was totally OK to propose detailed changes based on knowledge of the source, check the entire repository to see how easy it would be to push a compatibility-breaking change in a component, etc.
Just please be careful about mentioning WSE - what if someone reading this decided to use it? That's why I put it in such stark terms - only if you have no other choice. I don't want to chance someone using it because it uses .ASMX files or WCF is too advanced or anything like that. WSE is obsolete, and should simply not be used, at least not on any project that matters.
Thank you. This would work great; however, if I'm needing to add multiple partial views with similar data, does it make sense to use jQuery to get the id's of each of the widgets from the DB that I need to load and then loop through each calling the action? This seems to be relying on jQuery an awful lot.
I'm okay for both, as long as it can interact within an IE environment for the workflow.
You're welcome!
You could also poll `git rev-parse HEAD` and see if it changes
for sure that would be the best way - but the thread hangsblocks in some circumstances when trying to fetch the result from database (as described in http:download.oracle.comdocscdB1411701java.101b10979tips.htmi1001430 under 28.3.5 - and as the page says: Due to limitations in the Java thread API, there is no acceptable workaround ...). the thread even waits for the response after the database server has closed the connection (also mentioned on oracle.com-site)
Doesn't a scheduled task is that it requires the system to be logged on?
This is a really good answer to the question, but it makes me want to revise it.  Why shouldn't I always use Nullable types for Bussiness Domain Class Properties in Enterprise Applications?  Which I think I probably can most of the time.  Thanks for your time.
I'd like to clarify, I'm using C++ with no .Net dependencies.
Or you are using FORTH
But the problem is that I have 12 different types. I want to avoid having 12 different methods.
It never gets to the MVC's ContollerAction method.  It errors before calling into the server.
It's human to forget sometimes. One slip like that and you honestly think the question should be closed with dozens of good answers from people who have tried to constribute?
The circular reference is the loop I was afraid of - for example, if an employee can see their manager, and the manager can see their subordinates, it gets into a state. However, you can enable the graph serialization mode of DataContractSerializer: http:chabster.blogspot.com200802wcf-cyclic-references-support.html or http:www.wearemappingyourdreams.comandrewViewEntry.aspx?intLogId=1&intLogEntryId=622
While this would work as a possible solution, it wouldn't work from an IoC container standpoint from what I can tell; however, I'm still in the process of learning a couple different IoC containers so I could be wrong.
shouldn't that be the sum of the masses of all the boxes above that bottom 1 ? 
Line 3 of your function you use `html` as the variable name, but you're passing `htmlcode`, is that just a typo?
This is exactly what the asker is looking for. It's not exactly a custom primitive, but it mimics one as well as possible, and is the right way to go in C.
It does matter, but only to a point. For each bit of salt you add, you double the space requirements needed for a dictionary attack (or the attacker has to cut his dictionary in half). If there's a good password selection policy (minimum length, requirement for mixed case, digits, punctuation), you would probably be safe with the old 12-bit salts. However, might as well use 64 bits and be safe everywhere. No one really has room for 10^19 dictionaries, even if they are really tiny.
Ah, Skip! Thanks, I'll try it.
Then he needs to place that higher up.
thanks paul for ur comments...i tried code mentioned in MSDN link above, but no luck still...!
I actually want to update a div in the parent window via ajax to show a list of files, and was going to give it an appropriate timewindow in which the file would have uploaded. DO you have a better way to do this?
We've been using the method of sending email from script for about 2 weeks now so we can send HTML email from SSIS. In this case, we were just looking for a quick and easy way of sending email and failing the package with minimal code. I'm thinking the best way to do this now is to write a reusable assembly to handle this. 
Fixed the mistake.
If one used catch to catch X and do stuff, whats left for finally to do ?
This one is better that the System.getProperty(user.name) example, becouse its very easy to trick the JVM to think there is a different user logged in.
It's not the telephony platform. It's the back-end platform that processes the speech data. It supports speech recognition and also DTMF You could hook the audio channel up with TAPI and have it working.
the one true editor (emacs or vim) <- He, he
Yup, as long as you don't want to make a commercial closed source program that uses it...
devmania: but how i can make presets for speeds like DSL, 56 Modem? Ask SO =D No, really, this warrants a question of its own.
Again, this does not work - the table names are not prepended onto the returned column names. i.e. you get col1,col2,col3 not tabx.col1,tabx.col2 etc.
poster - See the example I have edited in. This does work, so you must be doing something else wrong if this approach still gives you trouble. Give us more details if you still have issues.
FYI, We've run the profiler with the deadlock filter on a heavily used production system. It didn't seem to affect performance.
Those algorithms are optimized for English which, as I didn't mention, is not the language in question.
Yes, please note that the letters just stand for arbitrary elements.
Yes, well, except if the service doesn't even have rights to do that, I've seen that happen as well.
You're absolutely right--I might be attacking this from the wrong angle. We DO need more rigid code reviews but that's not the failsafe that should have saved us--the testing process broke down in a way that was unexpected but CAN be fixed.
It safeguards against the (nonsensical) multiple-row-retrieval problem and allows the ShippingRateID from the table to ever be retrieved.
I forgot to indicate the use of the backgroundworker
create a RequiresLogin page and inherit all login-required pages from that. Or just add it to the MasterPage if all child pages require this functionality..
Jer I don't know much about this, but maybe there's a way to do it by modifying registry keys?
Wow, I never would have thought of that in a million years. Gotta love C++. Unfortunately, I tried your suggestion and I still have the same problem. :(
Wait how are you using du to get free space? That only tells usage AFAIK.
I really like that as a guideline. When programming in C, I've often wished for something like exhaustiveness checking. For example, if I had an enum, and a case statement to handle each enum member, I wanted to be able to tell the compiler make sure I've covered all the cases. I had no idea that such a concept would be part of the foundation of Haskell and other functional langs.
I am sending the data into an stored proc . The datatype is nvarchar. still it it saving as ???
SO ate <= sign. I formatted the post again. It should be OK now.
+1 for the blog post http:blogs.msdn.comalexjarchive20090507tip-18-how-to-decide-on-a-lifetime-for-your-objectcontext.aspx
that one is just showing off :-) but it's cool anyway
Oh right, I remember now. The array isn't copied into the function's stack frame, only a pointer to that array. Thanks for the reminder!
Pax: How is my comment about no way to get from 0 to 6 rubbish?  There is no way to get form 0 to 6 with yours, regardless of the source of the underlying rand5() function.  The problem assumes a true RNG for rand5(), not a pseudorandom linear congruential generator.  It's true the linear congruential generators have correlation problems (especially if you look at more than 2 consecutive outputs), but those are not the subject of this problem.  (continuing...)
hey Shoban, i can capture an external app end process (iexplorem notepad, etc) using your code. But what should I do to capture the end task on the same app (the one tht contains Form1 in ur code above)
 Peter and Thinker, yes its an oddity of the PHP manual. I myself did strlen(a) == strlen(b), but then I saw that since PHP uses an unstable sort, it doesn't matter! It still messes up the order. So I came up with the shortest function that works.
That's the same as all programming, use the tools that best suit the situation.
Ok, refined it. See the new section.
Yup, doesn't check for the begin of line ^
Thanks a lot, I think the first link already gave me more insight.
If the DataSource is changing, Setting the DataSource to the new object should automatically update bound controls. If a bound property is changing.. you need INotifyPropertyChanged
What version of BizTalk are you using?  Typically BizTalk schema validation is performed differently (using BizTalk libraries) so that may give you different results than the standard .NET ways of validation.
Page methods are OK. But if only function of the server side is expose of services (in json format or other) and not rendering of UI, then WCF services would be a cleaner and more maintainable solution.
I'm just glad that worked as humor instead of rep-whoring.
Check out the source for the current one at http:code.google.compgoogleappenginesourcebrowsetrunkpythongoogleappengineextwebappinit.py - modifying the call method to take into account the hostname should be fairly straightforward.
Good point. No real need. Edited to reflect this.
Adam, at the moment I have a table that stores the clients remote access details, this currently includes the username and password to gain access to the remote network. It is the password that I want to encrypt and therefore allow the operators to view it and change it if necessary. I understand that the grantedsecrets table will store an encrypted version of the same password for each user, however at the moment I do not understand how each user will get their own version.
(see my comments in the question's comments)
Is it necessary to check self.dict.keys() for name? The call to str.getattribute(self, name) seems to call methods as expected (overridden or not) and 'callmelater' returns instances of the subclass if appropriate. I assume callable(func) is to catch any attempts to access data members. I've modified the contributions slightly, and edited the question. For the sake of simplicity, since I'm not yet familiar with it, partial is not used. Thoughts? Thanks again :)
Annotation complete.
yea...i checked didReceivedAuthenticationChallenge method. it is working fine to download data. but i am trying to play a video. with MPMoviePlayerController it is not working well.
Oh yes, I didn't think of making it static. That is a good idea since it prevents name collisions. I will edit my answer.
The working example worked fine for me in FF, but not on IE 8 (on XP) - are there known problems with jQuery and IE8?
I ended up going a similar route. Thanks for the comment.
When I said yes, I meant yes that the entire implementation of the template function was in the header.
Yes, I specify PMREMOVE, and also provide filter - both mix and max are WMNULL.
Peter as Stephan202 pointed out, 'all' applies one condition to a list of values. My function applies a list of conditions to a single value.
MPMoviePlayerController only supports loading media via the standard NSURL methods. Your best bet is to add additional supported authentication types at the server, but as a last resort you could create a loopback HTTP server running on the device to proxy the data between NSURLConnection and the NTLM-authenticated server.
Because this isn't HomeworkOverflow. You don't have to be a genius, but you do have to not be trying to cheat on homework, and put some effort into solving the problem yourself
Just to show how it can be done.
Well, 96 of people who express their interest in web design by visiting w3schools might have screens that size, but that may or may not tell you anything useful about your target market.  Be very careful about the origin (and hence relevance) of such stats.
gs is incorrect, instance variables starting with  are fine. Method names starting with , however, are reserved by Apple.
+1  Matthew, are you having a bad day or something?  The downvote tooltip says This answer is not helpful, doesn't mention relevance.  But this answer is both relevant and helpful to me.
Alnitak: I run the script on Google's logo. I get a long list of different colors. Is the list a complete list of the colors in Google's logo?
Codeulike: The OP has used verbatim literal strings (indicted by the  character). Therefore, quotes will be escaped with another quote. Please see my answer. However, +1 for recommending that the OP break down hisher string into smaller parts.
Yes, but I want to omit the enclosing tag. Outer DIV in this case.
Darn, got disconnected!
This just blew my mind. I'm the idiot that uses the .net interop classes and writes the data out row by row, column by column. :(
Yes, but that just means I answered some other question with java as a tag... 
They are available for Delphi.NET platform, but not for win32 Delphi until 2007.
I think that a worker thread can update the progress bar, if it does it carefully (using `BeginInvoke`).
you mean the toolbar is horizontal and you want to use a vertical one instead?
Thanks for the answer! Your ISomeEntity is how I had it, but then NHibernate complains about no setter if I map to the interface. If I map to the concrete class, it works, but that seems to smell a bit to me.. So I guess I will go for the second option, and go for field access. Less clean that I'd like, but I guess reality limits what I can do. :)
thank you, that solved many of my problems.
Just trying to cut off philosophical derails at the start. Technical answers are obviously preferable.
^ wow. Here's hoping I'm never one of your users.
Fantastic, thanks a lot Stiggler! The viewstack example was exactly what I was looking for! I had to add xmlns:themes=themes. to the mx:Application, but after that it worked beautifully. Now I need to find a way to 'automate' the <themes:CustomTheme1> part so that I won't have to edit the main application each time I add a theme, but for the rest, great!
I am not saying, Never use automatic serialization. In fact, I just used it on a project. I just want the OP to be aware of the pros and cons. Note that the redundancy of serialization is not related to binarytext (at least for binary serialization). Rather, I was mostly referring to accidentally serializing caches, temporary data and the like, which is common.
Tim, your function is fine if you use (and if neccessary, adapt) my code. May I ask why you require this function? Perhaps there may be a better solution.
Thanks for the pointer to the ply project. This is an open to the WWW approach and I fully expect members of the public to just wander in. This does rule out exec because crackers are much more creative than me.
I tried the dumpbin, and realized (even though I thought I was keeping it in mind) that the names were mangled... I added Alias add24 to my API call in VB, and now it calls it, but returns -3048, no matter what I call it with...
You might want to have a chat to your boss about the effects of random requirements on developing software.  If heshe is not interested in even a discussion, then you're right  it might be time to move on.   Re comparing 25k versus 10k rows, I'd be very surprised, if using SQL Server, that it takes more then a minute.  If you have plenty of RAM and decent CPUs, using Joins and appropriate indexes will give very good performance.
Yes you can open it from SAXParser once saved to an XML.
Thanks for your answer, I'll look into it but it seems very interesting
What if the application is installed under Program Files and the user is running as non-admin?
I already tried desktop.el (as I said 4 times), it does not support saving sessions by names.
Thanks Karl, 
I was wrong about GetPage it does take the page index.
Right... I am using the Norhtwind DB to test. So are you suggesting that the problem is with the WithTableName()? I will try this.
Naah, already have a core dedicated to each camera ;-)
You can use your down-votes as you see fit obviously, but I think a down-vote should generally go to an answer that contains incorrect information (and hence may be misleading). But - your choice.
Yes, but I can't require users to change permissions as they may not have access. Also, this seems to work in pure Java. Why not Jython? Does Java run some operations with elevated permissions somehow?
In a pure sense, Business Rules only include systematic flow, and do not require any user action other than the initial inputs.  Business Processes flow through the organization, requiring multiple user actions, and may include some things that just aren't systematic. Obviously, some software can become hybrids of the two so as to confuse them, but separating the two in your head is paramount to getting to the end result you want.
What about access rights? W2003 has pretty strict access policy; your aspx may run as very restircted user and have no rights to open file.
In fact the table is called 'Feiertag'. :-) Anyway, thanks for the comment.  will correct it.
What is it getting truncated to?
Keep in mind that NSXMLParser is literally a wrapper around libxml2's SAX callbacks; it will therefore pretty much always introduce some overhead above parsing the same feed using the libxml2 C API, albeit mainly from the namespace-management code and from the allocations used when creating NSStrings for the xmlChar element & attribute namesvalues provided to its internal SAX callbacks.
which toolset are you using?
The method is called quote(), not escape(), and it works by wrapping the string in Q and E. It also deals with any E that might already be in the string. I didn't mention it because I thought it was only available in JDK 1.6+, but it's been there since JDK 1.5.
James, not sure how to solve this.  I get an empty result set if any of the persondetails are unavailable (Example: a person doesn't have a hair value).  Any ideas?
Would your reports essentially be a transposition of the original data, since the data would now be in rows instead of columns? I'm having a little bit of trouble picturing the end result.
J was, from the very beginning, a migration language.  There were lots of devs who had used VJ++, Microsoft's version of Java. When .NET came out, the company provided J as a way to move those devs and their code, unchanged, to .NET.  Today, starting out, there is no reason to use J.
Binary Worrier the question doesn't specify machine or compiler, so even if you do run a benchmark, it's still just an opinion that the result is general to whatever platform the OP is on.
I've been grinding on this for a while now, and I think devin is on the best track, so +1 there.  And as entertaining as RabbitOfCaerbannog.Swallow.European.Newt would be as a version name, it's not particularly descriptive ...
The end-user will insert my module in his spreadsheets, and I cannot ask him to add VBA code anywhere. Maybe there is a way to register the SelectionChange event from the function, but I doubt it :(
I am pretty certain they do something similar.
Matthew As it is not really programming related it probably would be a better fit on serverfault.com once it's open for everybody. Currently it's beta only (http:serverfault.combeta-access)
You could make a copy of you source tree, remove all (ifelseend) lines and then process the result with gcc -MG...
Ah - define the problem away, eh Pax? I have only played Suduku a couple of times then just created a simple solver (about 2 years ago) and called it a day. To create the puzzles in the first place you need an algorithm that can create random possible solutions, from which you create the puzzles (remove numbers until a choice appears). Pretend you are trying to create the problems and suddenly the problem gets much more interesting. Especially so if you want to ensure that certain advanced rules are required. Pretend you are the newspaper creating interesting problems.
The new one produces a bus error, as well as the warning: left-hand operand of comma expression has no effect from GCC. Which is odd, because I think it should have some effect.
Apart from the fact that UIApplication will not have those custom methods anyway ...
fantastic this fixed my immediate problem, thanks again
PC-Lint combined with the MISRA-C rules file would certainly pick this up as it would complain about the lack of braces after the 'if' statement.
I am 99.99 sure that programming wise characters are handled properly, so I'm at a loss to explain what's happening here. An example page would be nice.
You might also want to have a look at http:dean.edwards.nameweblog200603base
Tomalak: I have checked the meaning of w on http:en.wikipedia.orgwikiRegularexpressions and it seems d is part of w too. 
Seems to work well enough. Can anyone comment on whether there are compatibility issues?
since i'm able now, +1 from me too
Here is one simple method that I use.  Just run your application in the simulator and then go to Hardware->Toggle In-Call Status Bar.  The Status Bar will grow.  Pick the same menu option to get the Status Bar back to its original size.
You're right. Updated the code.
The only thing I can think of is if the relative path you have in your classpath is being resolved based on where the program is run. For example if I have the batch file in the C:myappbin directory, the base path might be C:myappbin, not C:myapp. If that is the case, it would be trying to resolve C:myappbinfoobarplughxyz.properties.
Thanks for the comments. We did think batch inserts would be the way to go. I done some calculations using ndbsize.pl script and you were right about the size of the the index. The memory required does not make using Cluster feasible. However, we also learned today that some data loss is OK so, as you said, we are now looking into using simple replication.
I know Resharper is expensive, but I can't live without it now.
I need to remove all onclick from html
+1 for the strongly typed objects
Also, if I have to learn another framework other than RoR I would like to stick with PHP since that's where a bulk of my expertise lies.I want to use RoR just to test the waters.
Close, but diffmain returns an array of differences, each of which is a two-element array with the operator (equal, deleted, or inserted, as an integer) and the text. I'm still working through how to get VBA to treat the result as an Array so I can step through it and create the appropriate formatting in the Excel cell.
Excellent link, especially since he points out the 'default value' pitfall that comes with using shorthands.
Thanks for the input Tom. I had a feeling that he is wrong, but I had to ask StackOverflow to be sure that it wasn't myself who was lacking in knowledge.
I will try the readpast, and it sound like it will work, since the rows I want always wil be first and not locked(at least after they are committed).
I see what you're saying - I will have to explore this a small bit. All my statements mimic the code I have specified above but the only thing that is diverse are the paramaters and the statement itself.
it didnt work...
the select result I am after is a scalar int result but linq still can't see it
Under most circumstances this solution is to be preferred over the (albeit more general) locals()globals() trick.
Gravell, u r right. my error. the correct xpath is x:Itemx:ImageViewDetail.
your question is not clear. what exactly do you mean by find element?
FYI: example-code.com is a domain owned by Chilkat. When you say Somebody wrote a tutorial - it is a marketing site by that company to show how to use their commercial products. Not that there is anything wrong with commercial code.  But the example-code.com domain seems a little fuzzysneaky.
I'm sure this works, but it does make it hard to tweak logging levels around as you'll need to recompile the code to change the levels.
I know :)
I checked out the post. Thanks, it was useful. It just reaffirmed that string.length is the fastest way to check if a string is empty, unless I misunderstood the benchmark results.
That just made all of my bullets disappear.
the code you have there is very sensitive to the layout of the page.  you may want to expose the chart's ID as a JS variable using ScriptManager.RegisterScriptVariable(), passing the image's ClientID; that way, if you alter the layout of the page later you don't break the JS.
In any given string, can a character be duplicated?  If it is, does it count twice?  Or does it count twice if it's in S twice?
Also depends on which version of Windows.  On Vista, writes to the app folder will actually hit AppDataLocalVirtualStore.
why not just use modrails and capistrano?
No, no, no, it's my browser and I'll view PDFs where I want to view them. Okay, I'm sure this is for an internal corporate website. Still, I find this annoying.
I think you need to check your math. 5  3 is 7. (101)2  (011)2 = (111)2
The ul and it's contents is the text in the literal; it's the ul and it's contents that I need to be able to change via resource file. I can wrap each individual li's contents in a literal, but I'm trying to avoid that if possible.
I didn't create any resource filesprojectssolutions.All I did was a folder with images as Embedded Resource.Thanks though!
This is because the template method implementations must be visible at each point of USAGE of the template because the method is really compiled there. The usage is the point when the template parameters are known; so the compiler can compile the real assembler code from C++ only at that point of parsing. And to do so it needs to know the implementation there. If it lies in the .cpp file it could only see the declaration...
Is the end goal analysis of javamatlab memory interaction? or to access the same memory for data storage?
I don't get it, why you not just compile it somewhere else and run it in you targeted (so I guess) 1.4 environment?
Cool.  I was really hoping for a way to do this without bringing in an outside Jar, though.  But that may not be possible.
Sorry, you need to read this http:blog.stackoverflow.com200904server-fault-private-beta-begins
Sorry.  I mean that I want to test that the annotation is correct, and that an HTTP request really will invoke this method.
It is certainly possible, but in this case I think unhelpful.  I have added real assembly code to my answer to try to clarify.
It is a 3rd party application using this database (If I had more control of the front-end, I wouldn't allow this nonsense.). I'll have to see if this will create a problem.
Wonder who votes up such questions! Good job, though, Splattne.
Why not ask for specific examples?
Aarsh - You need to combine both Fredrick's & my answers. You need to save the file in the server in attchClick method (as Fred has rightly mentioned) and in sndmailClick, pick the saved file and add to the objmail.Attachments collection before calling SmtpMail.Send(objmail).
Duplicate:
On my servers I control the time and I make sure it is right. If you are on shared hosting the time should be correct, if it is not you should complain.
My question is a broader exploration of the .NET console application mechanics -- including the correct way to use ErrorStream and CancelKeyPress events.  Those two posts relate specifically to command line parsing and class structure, respectively.
No it's not working...
Joel, I need to create a great quantity of objects in order to emulate a knowledge base in memory and I want to estimate the size I'll be dealing with. I'd like to measure also the impact of implementing to many interfaces in the classes used to represent the tables of the database.
No. Is merely based on 'false' technical reason. In order to get >1st depth level parent-child relationship, I have use to recursive call to achieve. At the time I read Tom Hawtin's, my first thought is getComponents will return >1st depth level children (which is not true). Hence, I first thought it is more straight forward than yours, and this makes me click on accept it as answer without much thought. Is my mistake. The answer shall go to yours :)
It feels like there should be a more direct way than chunking.
I would strongly recommend to avoid doing this, as you may introduce some nasty security holes.  Notice how Microsoft products always ASK you to shut down and restart things?  That's why...
It did work, thanks a lot!
That's javaScript, not Java
I see what you're getting at but I'm using mysql and it doesn't like the with statement: ERROR 1064 (42000): You have an error in your SQL syntax; check the manual that corresponds to your MySQL server version for the right syntax to use near 'with heads as (
Good to know for the future. I'm putting all of the code in the header at this point.
I wonder how I didn't think of that. Most straightforward solution heh.
Tens of thousand words is not something to worry about and btw, look at PLINQ: http:msdn.microsoft.comen-usmagazinecc163329.aspx
Technically speaking, one could call PackageResource().enter() explicitly and thus create a Package that would never be finalized... but they'd really have to be trying to break the code. Probably not something to worry about.
It's a general question.  Obviously he can only expect general answers.  That's perfectly legitimate as far as I'm concerned.
Jon.  This I suppose is suppose where we disagree.  I view encoding and decoding as completely seperate tasks and view an Encoder as being responsible for the Encoding process only.  I suppose I agree regarding arrays, on further thought, If I was the framework designer, I would have put the functionality in System.Convert
Thanks x0n, I will definitely check it out.  +1
Yeah, this works because cell.text expects a string, not a joke object. Before, cell.text's accessor was comparing the object you gave it (a Joke) to the object it had already (an NSString) and that's why you were seeing that exception. Another way you could have fixed this was to add an implementation of isEqualToString: on your Joke object and forward that request to your joke property.
+1: yes, even goto still has a place. When GOTO Considered Harmful was written the rant was needed, but it seems the lessons were learned.
Haven't tried that yet, I assume if I call the tablesorter first it'll just use default sorting and ignore the inline metadata parsers.  I'll give it try.
JsArray are for JSON arrays... are you trying to just create a regular array?
Good answer I think, but the final line you use in your example gives me the willies. Couldn'tshouldn't it be something like if(strpos(hello world, hello) >= 0) in a real world situation? (Or something similar...I'm making the assumption that strpos either returns -1, like other languages, or can be caught somehow.) Of course, that would ruin the point of your answer so I understand why it's there, but I'm wondering when people might actually use this === or !== type functionality.
anytime :) 
My goodness a lady on the internet, surely you jest. Regardless of who got here first, I'm in your debt ma lady.
The features are encapsulated, it's just that they don't always make sense.  I updated the question to clarify.
Thanks Reed. This looks like what I need. Now that I thought about the property method (your 2 solution makes sense). Can you please give me an example of how you would implement that? I am not sure how I could implement an iterator in a property.
thanks for that ...
I have overloaded the new and delete operators. All is fine. Well obviously not. Why don't you share the implementation of your operators, so that we can take a look.
wow...i just come back and see all these comments... I copied and pasted that from some1 else blog for an example...give me a sec 2 come up wit my own..let me take a shower first ;)
I think it should be mutexen but I'm crazy. Don't mind me.
Can you add a snippet of the HTML code that is output by the PHP? Just want to take a look at that to make sure it's all coming out properly.
Rashmi - Yes. That is the reason I assumed it to be string in my example & am using 0 to represent the NULL value :)
thanks, will give it a try. :-)
That's not entirely true. Although event listeners are newer and recomended there are certain operations that you cannot do with them. Namely providing your way to instatiate objects and capturing transaction startends.
Interesting. I probably need to use the internal jQuery function to filter instead of coming around with the n.filter....
Thanks for all the suggestions, a good set of resources there.  Turns out, after writing most of the code, cffile is disabled so I can't really use XML anyway!
I normally avoid using namespace foo; because it can get confusing for the reader or maintainer of the code, but, of all namespaces, std is the one that it can make sense to use this way.
Why do you answer your own question?
As an alternative to this, I would prefer using char with reinterpretcast. For example, take a char buffer and fill it with your data. Then: Format format = reinterpretcast<Format>(buffer); format->strname = ...;
Isn't this likely to be a performance problem? Why not choose a message queue?
Thanks for the answers. In this case UNFORTUNATELY XML is NOT machine-generated. Is hand written :-)
I think that visibleRect.size = scrollView.frame.size; 
Unknown: You may be confusing strings being unique with them being immutable.  This means that they can't be changed, so it's a valid optimisation for the same strings to be represented by the same object, but you can't rely on it.  It's true only for strings which are interned.  Python automatically does this for short strings that might be an identifier, as this will improve performance for dict and variable lookups etc.  Checking every string on creation for duplicates is expensive though, so it's not done for all strings (since there's no gain if it's never compared).
Yeah, that's pretty similar to my example, but worse because of the crashability.
 won't be same for two conditions and not all four conditions always present but they can be and in future I might need more conditions like is exactly and is exactly not etc. 
I am not sure what you mean. I am using that exact same signature in the code I posted. But again that would not compile because the compiler does not expect the type parameter <T>. Anyway, Darin's solution using a lamda instead of the delegate works.
Marc,
I'm looking into writing a program for a tablet PC, and showing a virtual keyboard for quick input so that people don't have to unfold the box.  I'm trying to match the keyboard to the PC, and my friend noted that I might have to consider DVORAK vs QWERTY.  Thanks all for the responses.
here's another one. They are so easy to find on google when you search for things such as using sql in crystal    http:www.experts-exchange.comDatabasesCrystalReportsQ21292344.html
Can you please explain which XmlReader settings should be used to ensure that we don't have the entire 500+ MB xml in memory during validation?
No specific settings. I meant appropriate settings to turn on validation. XmlReader doesn't load the whole document in general. However, you should enable validation if you want (as described in the answer).
this is what i'm looking for.  still curious how to make it work with matches though.
With matches(), you would use .faultString: ([^n]). with Pattern.DOTALL, as described by Chris Thornhill and Mike Digdon.
I do this sort of thing all the time.  Saves me lots of trouble.
There's actually 10 questions with the tags php and sms, most pretty closely related: http:stackoverflow.comquestionstaggedsms20php
I was using the code as an example of what I thought it would look like; I was asking if it was possible.
If your editor can't color locals different from members, you need a new editor.  Any human convention is fallible and a stupid compensation for inadequate tools.
 PSC - Your where clause will only match if a variation of 'angel' with no additional characters before or after it is in the field. If that is the case then '=' is more efficient than 'LIKE'.  See the OP comment.
Okay, that looks like it will work - but you are only increasing d1 if ResizeShape returns true, whereas I want it increased no matter what - I don't care if the shape doesn't exist, coz then I just skip over it.  Also, please note that this is not my own code - I am working with someone else's mess, so I don't really want to change too much. I just want to fix the bad code that he originally put in there and make it work with the changes I have had to make to the app.
The PECOFF pointer is helpful. I'm thinking about whether the stream approach will work for me. These two files are built in an ext2 filesystem but they eventually are copied and live in an ntfs partition.
Marc,
And indicate in your code where you are getting the error message
Sure, no answer.. but what you certainly want to see is change of the interface in the model rathen than source. As it currently stands, any change simply breaks code and idioms. Something many libraries are popular for; all I want is to change it as say underlying hardware might prefer something else. Why should it be a specific interface? So somebody can come and say look that abstraction is now 'outdated' yet again? It is typical of C++ and will be typical of C++ reinventing itself which is what the question is about.
your 'tmp' sounds more reasonable to use then 'b'
a man with way too much time on his hands (thankfully)
I am reading Andrei Alexandrescu's Modern C++ Design: Generic Programming and Design Patterns Applied. In this book, he has used public inheritance for policy designs rather than adding as member. This is the reason why I followed the same practice.
I tried it with the 2.2 SDK and got the same result, so yes, perhaps it is a bug.
Are the searched elements required to be in the same order as in the source list?
Or some class static variables are affected. Or they share some common object which is obtained from some factory.
Mastermind: I tweaked the question a little bit, based on some of your responses to these comments. I hope it made the question a little bit clearer.
tvanfosson - indeed; but my point is that this is the only case I know of where it'll work. And the question itself raises the topic of delegatesevents.
Since it is based on javax.swing.text.EditorKit it is pretty flexible(it takes some time to get used with it, but once you get it it's easy). I had my own EditorKit but RSyntaxTextArea is better, much better. The code looks well written, it uses JFlex to tokenize the text, so you would need to write your own flex file to add a new syntax highlighter.A code completion add-on library was added at the end of last year and I presume a spell checker can be added to without too much effort. You can ask the author to add something like that, since he is more accommodated with the code.
+1 for MEF. I have used it already for a student's project at the uni and it amkes the whole moduleplugin stuff really easy.
Good point Marc, I've been debating whether to force unique names for categories because of this, or just ensure unique path, but it looks like I can stick with the current plan of unique paths since I can easily either iteratively or recursively drill down into a path.
I was just going to post that link also. :-)
Can you provide a complete code+PHPDoc sample so we can try it out?
Wonderful, I do love it when I reinvent the wheel ><
So what exactly your question? How to write sorting algorithm? Why at all you've used advance tag for obvious homework style question?
+1 for tables, if it works and speeds up development time.
But with these code snippets you can trivially write a macro that does that, therefore creating your own API, no?
Can you paste EndPoint.java somewhere?
You can find some very helpful answers to the very similar question at http:stackoverflow.comquestions20958list-of-standard-lengths-for-database-fields
You can format code by indenting it by four spaces. This can be automated by selecting the code and pressing ctrl-k. Cheers.
Yes, I always thought that templates are the closest thing to duck typing in C++. If it has all the elements necessary for a template, it can be used in a template.
I disagree to this. When typing their password for logging in, someone might copy and paste it, which adds an extra whitespace here or there. If you don't trim this in your login processing code, they won't be able to login even though to them the password is exactly the same. Especially if your audience is non-technical. So no, spaces shouldn't be allowed.
I was thinking that might the best answer, would you just override the OnItemDataBound and choose to omit calling it's base method when you find an item you wish to omit?
Eh: I take that as a code smell, in that you shouldn't really create a disposable object without disposing it.  At best, it's misleading.  This would be better, because it will get both: using (var parent = new DisposableObject(), myObject = parent.AnotherDisposable()) 
Can you be more elaborate?
I did this, and it compiled but I got a run time error when the class changed a member variable.
+1. I'd never noticed std::mismatch() before -- I wonder what else is in that algorithms header file that I've never looked at...
I agree. this is the best solution.
I'll grant that the buffer is oversized, but what has that got to do with the problem statement there is exception says the xml file is used by another process. The buffer
Well, it is entirely correct. You apparently don't have a solution or project file in the current working directory so you need to specify one as an additional parameter.
Your approach is more generic, more readable and more compact. It looks like the typical teacher's answer ;-)
Now the next question is how could I have found that out for myself?
how to use that stored procedure with linq?
awesome...wow. how bout that. i got so baffled in all the dimensions the obvious totally escaped me. thanks man!
The first line doesn't work. The compiler stops compiling. Invalid initializer and multiple methods found named -transform. Opened up another question for how to get that right. Others on the net (searchengine) seem to have same problemes with getting the values from the presentationLayer.
array of strings
They won't be lost.Their invisible property will be set to true until you start explorer.exe again.
Good catch. I was about to say the same thing. +1
I've answered my own question - no, setuptools won't install unless it finds the specific version of Python it has been built for. I'll need some other method.
You may also have to reduce the 500 number in the looping code. It slows down the updating process. If you set it to a lower number, the timer will be updated quicker, but Excel will hog more processor time.
Yes, but I am not seeing any option to select an answer or to commit the bounty (is it because of my low user points?).
wcm, will &819(45); work on other users(English speaking) computers running Windows too?
In the situation you describe above, yes, you should be using the Shared folder.
But you spelled independent wrong!
Masi: the general idea is to have three fixed points that are the corners of the triangle, and a current point that you keep updating. To make a move, choose one of the corners at random and move the current point half of the way towards that corner. Color in the current point. Then make another move in the same way, and then again a few thousand more times and the pattern will appear. Then try it with a different number of corners, or change the fraction by which the current point jumps toward the corner, to see how it affects the pattern.
thanks. I checked that the live server has this enabled. I agree it's not good practice to do it in general, but it's ok on this project. I just thought it would be nice to get the laptop sorted so I can take my work home :) Thanks for the good advice and points though.
Sorry about the mess with the braces; I grabbed that code from another site without checking. Fixed. There's no IE equivalent, I'm afraid.
John:
Thanks, that was working beautifully. Could you also tell me the secret how do you found this out? Because I can't find anything about this in MDC.
Can be shortened to: <?php fileputcontents(test.txt, ucwords(filegetcontents(test.txt)));
Question seems like it probably belongs in Community Wiki
Debian-derivatives will also have the script `checkbashims` in the package 'devscripts' which will check for non-sh-compliant behavior in scripts.
Well, that about settles it then. No there isn't seems to be the answer.
Unfortunately, this code doesn't work either.
Most answers provided here won't be of any use if the control to be cloned are being initialized by some third-party code.
Is this a list of fields and  or tables? Have you considered using a schema for the database to populate the listbox, rather than the hardcoded list?
Thanks. I've used < and > in the url and they were swallowed. I've fixed it.
Tom - The C++ language is specified by the ISO standard, and I can assure you that there is mention in that document of how iterators should be implemented. Or perhaps you are using teh word implemented in some special sense?
After a bit of googling, it's starting to look like the select count() might be the prettiest approach! Weird
note: expression trees are used by IQueryable (as in LINQ to SQL), but not by IEnumerbale (as in LINQ to Objects)
Thanks Mark. Any caveats when using getThreadPoolExecutor?
There has to be a better way to do whatever you're trying to accomplish...the IE COM object is nasty nasty nasty
Use the comment function below the anwser you want to comment to.
Let me rewrite the query then, I think I see the problem.
ISTEXTCTRL1 should be IDTEXTCTRL1
I mean at serve-time. That way we don't have to do a production move     for every application, just one production move for the thing to do it at serve-time... if possible.
it returns 0 now.
Who said the database design has to accommodate new product types without changes to the schema?
great explanation +1
Agreed, though more readable than the current code. Perhaps I've misunderstood what it does - it's hard to read!
You should consider taking this question to Server Fault http:serverfault.comquestions
Note that a static field will keep its value for the entire web application, which means across different users, and across sessions.
She did not say it like a rule, she said it in a if you feel like just working 6 hours a day it's ok way. At least that's how I felt it, I kept trying to be as productive as I could though.
Not really what I want to do. I'd like the controls to be accessible 'natively' in both the base and derived class. The derived classes actually link to different aspx pages, they just have numerous controls in common.
No, external to C - see Jb Evains answer
sdependantdependent
Info-schema seemed easier to retrieve the data type.  I think you could retrieve it here with a join to systype on c.xtype.
So I would try decoding using the URLDecoder and choosing the appropriate encoding. I would be interested (!) to see if the URLDecoder does throw exceptions on illegally encoded characters (easy to test outside the browserserver environment)
+1 to tvanfosson's comment. You should think about whether you allow case to be important, whether you want to avoid using both 0 and O (because for some typefaces they're really difficult to distinguish). However, if you do reduce the range of characters you use then you're making your set of possible codes smaller and more guessable.
Richard, what is the problem do you mean?
Which version of VB was this added? I'm working with some legacy code and Visual Studio 2003 doesn't seem to be picking up on it.
Awesome.  Thank you!
For caching I've seen you mention you can use HttpRuntime.Cache, just dump the byte[] return from the MemoryStream in there.
So you're suggesting for him to apply the Using statement, right?
Good catch, but that doesn't seem to fix it:
Textmate has git bundle: http:github.comtimcharpergit-tmbundle (you should have checked InterfacesFrontendsAndTools page on git wiki: http:git.or.czgitwiki )
Yes, thank you; can you give any specific reasons why rolling our own would be a bad idea so that I could pass those on to the team involved so we can make a rational decision?
caffiend: Intuition tells me that the pathological cases occur when converting to a base n which is the same magnitude as all of a. I'm basing this on looking at radixes which require exact numbers of digits to convert between (i.e. base 2 to base 2<sup>n<sup>). These seem to be flag-posts for a simple function indicating the number of values required. As the to-radix gets proportionally bigger, more and more values have an effect on each output character, until you get to the pathological case when all of them are needed. I don't think that occurs until the to-radix is very very large!!
This is more likely. I didn't knew about extensions methods. They could be added only to non-final classes I guess, and I guess string is non final, am I right? What's with the static access modifier ? Is it needed? What does an static class means?
Hope you didn t forget the obligatory `RewriteEngine on`.
Loops are a bad idea for this type of thing.  See below
Thanks Kezzer - good info, especially the part about using RDFa in rich snippets
Neil, yup, you're right.
You said you tried boost. Did you try http:www.boost.orgdoclibs1390dochtmldatetime.html? It comes with examples http:www.boost.orgdoclibs1390dochtmldatetimeexamples.html
You cannot currently do your own media buffer.
Tried moving calls to alert to other places, still no response. I'm going to try to combine the music player and the button, just to see what will happen. As a reference I've posted the new code (with multiple ExternalInterface calls highlighted - http:pastebin.comf7cee3625)
By command, it looks like you mean another program on the user's machine? Can you confirm this is the usage you mean?
If I static + lock, all that will do will be to block other parallel calls .. when i don't need to lock, right? It will work, but be waaay slower that it could be. (I'm not intending to do that, but just trying to understand your answer 100).
Using HTTP and XML can be RESTful, but it's no guarantee.  I just looked into a new RESTful API this afternoon and all requests are made via HTTP to the same endpoint URI, with the operation and all parameters hidden away in an XML format in the request body.  It was written in HTTP and XML, but completely Remote Procedure Call and extremely non-RESTful.
Which includes (and I finally understand now) the lambda x=x : ... hack.
No it doesn't count.
Good catch Shmoopty!
tom10 if you looked at my post you would know
Great - thanks.
