I don't see an accepted answer now, I wonder how that got unaccepted. Incidentally, I would have marked an accepted answer based on the answers available at the time. Also, accepted doesn't mean Best :)
Jonathan: Wow!  Thank you for all of that, you did an amazing amount of work!
Indeed, the only way to do this is get the server to generate your CSS file which can be done in many ways depending on which language you are using. HttpHandlers are common in C.  You could use jQuery or the likes to add styling to every element with the class 'ourColur' and parametrise your JS
It's still very useful to know that magic numbers may refer to more than simply a code issue.
Can it be done without the win32 api calls?
The MOSS upgrade did no dependency check.
The second case you mentioned is what I'm talking about: an application that synchs with 10g database when online, but when offline uses a local store. I edited the question with this clarification.
Your VB code won't work. VB only supports anonymous functions in this version, you have to wait until VB10 to have anonymous subroutines.
Ah, the link, always with the link
Go hang a salami. I'm a lasagna hog.
You'd have to remove the spaces from the string first, otherwise palindrome's like a man a plan a canal panama wouldn't check properly.
Yeah... I acknowledged this in the question....
I'd serialize it to a byte[] using a ByteArrayOutputStream. It would be a lot faster than writing it out to a file.
You could do that, but I didn't need to. I just posted the code I'm using. It took me like 2 minutes to write, and I haven't needed to change it. If you want to post a modified version to move it one pixel that would be cool.
This is the key thing--MS has the ability to push it out there. Since their OS still has an astoundingly large chunk of the market share, they should be able to get it out into the wild with ease.
The base access engine is included with Windows.
no i mean post the <a href= onclick=...doPostBack >
Or maybe none of us is strong enough to work at that company, a very real possibility
OK. I wasn't trying to be snarky. I don't really know if you're asking how to test randomness which can be asked without referring to card shuffling, or if you're asking how to test if my shuffling alogrithm has screwed up my good RNG.
Mono actually is the only serious option. REALBasic has nothing to do with .NET framework and this question was about cross platform .NET development.
Okay, I see the distinction now.  Thanks.
Yeah maybe not on the operator idea, but I still am curious as to what benefits there might be to returning void over this
Aye, I was reading in the documentation that in order to do transactions I couldn't use a Client-Side Cursor.  And I also made sure that they were all using the same active connection as well.
I think it's the ToolTip property.
You don't encode the input before you process it. You encode the input when you output it to the user... this is how XSS attacks work.
I mean t takes to long for the server to comeback with results
So spammers use bots with Javascript enabled. 
FYI: I updated the title of this to reflect the fact that this is not specific just to jQuery, since it really isn't. Thanks for the question!
Also this: A pointer has its own memory address and size on the stack.  Pointers need not be allocated on the stack (and most of them are generally not.)
I'm definitely interested in how this technique would work. You don't have to go into great depth, but some further details would be very helpful -- especially on how you map the conversion process to what is stored in the DB.
hey, what's the question?
That would be great unfortunately I'm stuck using a Windows 2003 server. :(
I would suggest retitling this as terminal is not the right word in regards to the windows command shell. On a unix system the command shell and your terminal application are essentially the same, on a windows system they are not.
Brilliant, thank you. I wish I could acceptmerge both answers.
I'd argue the labels are the headers. There is even an argument to th to specify a horizontal arrangement IIRC
well, the C is ISO standardized, so the idea was to have something cross-platform. microsoft didn't want to develop implementations for other platforms, but it's left to other parties as the language is a standard.
operator[] returning a int pointer? Maybe this is what you meant:
danb, I did try that but Rhino didn't want to compile it.
The IQueryable<Log> gets converted to SQL in the last line, where the query is actually run; all Where LINQ statements become one SQL WHERE clause.  This is the way I do highly variable SQL as well.  It's much cleaner than trying to write a stored proc to do it.
Nice solution with code sample - Cheers.  I'd say this is real close to what I'm looking for.
What happens if Tomcat is running as a service in Windows?  There's no console window, so how would you get a thread dump?
A billion dollars a year is less than 2 of Microsoft's revenues.
Frosty
Even shorter!  Excellent.
That sounds like an excellent reason to choose that book. Just what I needed. Thanks!
Could you include some diagrams andor code example on how this is being used?
The pedant in me says it doesn't cause any stack to overflow, just throws an exception. That's like saying the quickest way to be attacked by sharks is to stand in the sea and scream Shark attack!. Despite this, I will up-vote it. :)
Additionally, regarding transactions, my preference is generally to isolate those to the server side.  My tendency is to believe that will scale better, although I cannot prove that claim.
Thanks much, SLTG looks like it could do the trick -- i'll vote for this answer once I get some points :)
Funnily enough, I was using that config section without understanding it.  I had read somewhere that it enabled SoapExtensions but thought that was a validation process that allowed the attribute to work.  But now I understand what it really does!  Thanks!
Unfortunately (as I just clarified in my question) the library is throwing the generated exception, not AWSError. So the exceptions come out looking like Amazon::AWS::Error::InvalidParameterValue.
Yeah, this is a neat trick but it's not something that anyone should really use in production code!
The use of hte generics should show you what I expect to do : sort a set of values according to a key and use a map to easily access to a given subset of values.
Joel made a comment in one of the Podcasts that I really agreed with - the GTD book is pretty long and it labours the points a bit. I found the best way to start getting more productive was to read the first few chapters and then put the book down and get started!
Interesting question! I wonder if there is a similar post regarding Windows development.
I'd already cracked this, but thanks anyway.
definitely the best one
Sorry I should have clarified. This is for the guests, not for me. Some of these people are computer illiterate =(
That example applies to any WebApp and has nothing to do with Spring or web frameworks. 
Thanks Philip.  The link you referenced seems to be unavailable.
On XP it's C:WINDOWSsystem32driversetchosts
I don't think you understand me: the questions asks for a regex that matches all inputs. Your regexs match all non-empty inputs (or, more precisely, any single character of any non-empty input). What about matching all empty and non-empty inputs?
Thanks Nat.  The external data is large (external search results) so it's not possible to keep it as a new list. We're a SharePoint plugin so I can't guarantee that the BDC will be available at all installations.  I guess I'm kind of out of luck with your suggestions but I appreciate the answer!
What about if the files have a different number of lines in them?
For people who just look at the top answer,  is not fine for even a single file if writing to a publicly-writable directory (e.g., tmp). It's easy to litter tmp with symlinks that will cause your script to write somewhere undesirable. mktemp is much better.
Security through obscurity does not work. If you are worried that a user might gain access to sensitive data just by visiting a certain url, you need to add actual protection to your data - require authorization, and verify that the authorized user has privileges to view the given resource.
Thank you - but my web service CS and ASMX files are actually decoupled (CS are in a different folder and not bundled under ASMX as default) and when I click on those it still opens in designer :(
Also worth mentioning here that intel heavily optimizes stack accesses, especially things such as predicting where you return from a function.
Threading can be done in much simpler way: http:otl.17slon.com
Didn't you hear?  SOA is the past.  Today it's cloud computing that will be our saviour.
doesn't break any more than the original - agreed
You can also use tabs in vim 7.x. :tabe <file> to open a tab, :tabp to switch to previous tab, :tabn to switch to next tab. You can setup macros for these so you can use them with shortcuts.
Hmm... although the second file output in the question suggests that maybe this isn't the case... I'm confused.
Use SortedList if you want hashtable type lookups as well as arraylist style sequence ordering. Someone has already posted a code snippet.
Good answer, but I should point out that enabling .htaccess files is the issue, not so much using them. If you don't disable them entirely, you still have the stat-hit for every path segment even if you don't have a single .htaccess file anywhere.
Make sure you list of selected items stores the contents and not the index.  Using the index is easier but it means you need to keep the ListBox.ItemsCollection and your list in sync.  Hopefully your object or string is unique enough to keep this relationship!
Thank you rcar, I will try it right now and let you know how it turns out.
And do you take that fact and factor it into your next set of estimates?
I should've been more specific: This is for a windows app, the only items available in System.Web are: AspNetHostingPermission, AspNetHostingPermissionAttribute, and AspNetHostingPermissionLevel.
Is it important for the name to reflect the tree structure?
While what Jon says is completely correct, and a very valid point, I have to concur that the question AS ASKED is about if they are the already asking for all columns. Because of this part of the question, the real issues is fragility in the face of schema changes.
No I cannot use HTTP authenticvcation, I have a very specific need.
I like the  syntax.  Can you point me to some docs on their usage?  I'm struggling to fine anything significant
A typo above caused my failure, you were right that did the trick, thank you! :)
How did you publish the site to the server?
This might be a more complex problem than you realize.  How would you highlight the differences if string two had part of string one removed?  Do you need to indicate additions, deletions and possibly modifications?
It seemed obvious that the OP was thinking free-as-in-beer, not free-as-in-speech.
This solution helped me out a lot, wish I'd found it before the 2 hours of frustration!  But I think using a imgborder: 0; is a better fitted solution to the original problem - the emphasis on the initial a because the problem only occurs when an image is wrapped in a hyperlink
What language are you using?
Oooo... SVG. I will have to check this out when I get to doing graphs again!
ah.  we only deploy to a test and production server, and only after changes have been made, so using the buil-in tools works really well for us (lucky us, I guess)
Embedding an in-memory database like Derby sounds like a good idea, particulary since Derby is now a part of the JDK. Introducing Hibernate to the mix would be a bit overkill for my use. I'd just go with SQLJDBC i guess.
Chrome is not a good response.  They use multi-PROCESS for Security.  Multi-threading affords no security at all.
Yes, you're right!
You can only use it to mark interface implementation in Java 1.6
Doesn't this requires going to the low-level TCPIP stack, and bypassing the standard socket layer?
chrissie1: The tags are in the left now (don't know why the change)
What advantage does Time::Local give you that the more common POSIX(strftime) doesn't?
Yes, this is the current process, generate an ID and check if it's used. but this check goes on and on when the random numbers are already in the table.
I'm not using Spring MVC, just the IOC
Of course not, but that's kind of OT, and it isn't always the programmer's call. I've had clients insist on storing plaintext passwords; they wanted their customer service reps to be able to retrieve passwords for people and a few other reasons I debated with them, but they're the ones in charge.
Oh, and...
Ok thanks for the help!
You should be using a list comprehension or generator expressions, not filter + lambda. One of these will 99.9 of the time be faster. ''.join(s for s in myStr if s in string.printable)
I upvoted this, because using hasOwnProperty is a useful adjunct to the for loop, though I didn't need it at the time.
I just tested with a RichTextBox. Doesn't work. Clicking into the textbox doesn't appear to select all text. (Because it's getting deselected on mouse down, when the caret is placed at the cursor.)
I would guess this is system dependent.  You might want to put the system you are using in case.
I disagree. Of course, you can seek to any point in a file using random access. But if you write at that point, you'll overwrite what was previously at that location. So, if you had abced in your file, you seek to the 'c' and write 123, you end up with ab123, not ab123cde.
IDL had interfaces way before Java
This is not correct for 2 reasons: 1) an abstract class may have regular virtual methods in addition to pure virtual methods, and 2) pure virtual methods may optionally have a definition that can be called with a fully qualified name.
Wow, You took my recommendation. :-P
Agree +1, the first way used to be the way to do thing's in .Net v1 and 1.1 , the syntactic sugar was added in v2.
Nothing that very basic testing could not solve.
It's really too bad this answer is getting bumped up because 1) the difference in function call syntax is a non-issue, and 2) my question is specifically NOT about the best way to grab query params. No offense at all to Dan - just hoping to get more on-topic answers.
Yeah, it's definitely hardcoded. I've updated my answer to include the function name and source file in the ASP.NET reference source that shows that quite clearly...
Just noticed that you're now calculating pow(2,n). This can be done in a single CPU instruction on most platforms with 1 << n, except that you must range-check n first, since 1 << 32 is undefined behaviour.
I just caught that, Firefox doesn't preform spell checking on the title field for some reason.
You need to be a bit more specific about the environment you are running in.
That was very big secret.
Its a fairly decent preliminary criteria, but depending on howwhere you intend to use it, continued support is critical. There might be show stopping bugs in there which NEED to be fixed.
That sounds like the majority consensus, thanks for the input.
Try Emacs or VIM.  They are both free and very sophisticated.  One of them may do the trick.
...create your input fields so that the information is already separated out.
Its one point in this app. We use EJB, and this part was sort of plugin - our client would deploy a datasource on serwer, and then is able to query it through this plugin.
Hmm, interesting... though piping echo output may work as well...? IE sudo gem install ibmdb  echo 1
Mathematics is built on very precise definitions, so terminology matters.  If you arbitrarily change the definition of a set, then the operations defined on sets may change their meaning, or become meaningless altogether.
A better design might be for the method to be called InsertOnSubmitIfNotExists() and to leave out table.Context.SubmitChanges()
Thanks, but I prefer to use my packaging system to update my applications (ie, apt-get since I am on Ubuntu) :-)
Are the save & Export buttons something you wrote?  The Export button doesn't sound familiar for any dialogs I know.
Thanks, those both seem to have some info from looking at TOC online.  From their age, I don't think either covers Web Flow 2 but that may not matter for my purposes.
My favorite algorithm ever!! I can't wait to get it on an interview.
If you allocate one extra pointer and don't set it, it might default to NULL, depending on the OS (Windows zeroes out allocated memory, Unix doesn't). If it's not, you will run off the end of the allocated array and keep freeing things until you happen to hit a NULL pointer or (more likely) crash.
Off the top of my head, database links, queues, materialized views, flashback, data miner, parallel queries, snapshots, virtual private database, fine grained audit, database level triggers, table partitioning, tablespaces, and likely much more.
You should have warned the questioner that using Devel::Size on a large data structure will use a very large amount of memory.
Jason Stevenson:
I agree it is probably related to crlf.
Agreed, I was thinking more as a one off to test the area being refactored. It's not a long term solution, another approach might be to use VERBOSE output on the linker.
Visual assist has this.
Not just transmitted but presented and gathered as well. A non-secure (not using TLSSSL) form submitting its data to an SSL page is not a good idea.
internal and private are identical for non-nested classes, as far as I know: both are visible only to the entire assembly. (or does it make a difference when using InternalsVisibleTo attribute?)
Both Internet Explorer and Firefox re NOT based on Webkit, so it's quite a useless solution in my opinion.
Adam cheers. I didn't realise that they had a typo filter.
If that wont suffice, then you could always do a full precompile.
Ah, thanks for linking. I should have done that.
Many C compilers will compile a 0 byte file into an executable that outputs nothing and terminates.
Hmm, I could use ipsets - and from a performance perspective it's a really good idea. Unfortunately I'd have to roll my own kernel, and this isn't possible as some of the places this software will run is on VMs where I can't mess with the kernel easily. And they still don't provide a nice API.
I did not even know that function. neat :)
Thanks, I learned something new! :)
Aha - did some more research and found out that it's a bug that got fixed in Java 1.5
While this does output OLD:Brownie a closure has still been formed and therefore the serialization still fails.
Thomas, you're wrong. C++ has not finally because it does not need it. It has RAII instead. The solution of Serge is one solution using RAII.
yes drop box is what I've been looking for - thanks very much!
language is the old style; in XHTML, you use type, and you refer to it as textjavascript
Actually, I did not consider bitset at all. However, I'm not sure it would be good. With bitset, I have to address bits as 1, 2, 3, 4 which would make code less readable - meaning I would probably use an enum to 'name' the bits. Could be a space saver though. Thanks.
Even for small AJAX pages I prefer templates, because they tend to just be simple if logged in, show name logic and parameter substitution. builder.tag is for when there's something really complex that I can't figure out how to write nicely with a template.
.. how to I prevent VS from writing it?
This doesn't appear to be formatted correctly - 5 has been combined with 6. Also it doesn't help that in the original question, 8 and 9 are combined and need separating out. I don't have sufficient rep to edit the posts otherwise I would!
I looked, I think it's the taskbar window that processes these messages (ShellTrayWnd). The Start button, the notification area (systray) and the application buttons are children of this window.
thanks for the great tip, i used the third option
That's excellent, exactly what I was looking for! 
ATL is definitely not dependent on MFC in VS 2008. They have some shared code (CString, for instance), but you don't need to include the whole MFC library if you use just ATL.
I don't think it's off-topic, especially since at one time, this was +1...someone else other than me must find this to be a good question if they upmodded it.
I do the same thing - call the web service to get the pdf.  The end user doesn't even have to know it's coming from reporting services.
Ah, thanks, let me give this a shot
You need to make that  non-greedy (?) or you'll lose everything from the first matched tag to the last greater-than symbol in your string.
Hey, someone who actually answers the question, you got my vote ;)
this has nothing to do with networking or file structures. Indeed the header of a BMP structure IS tightly packed with elements falling on non-natural boundaries that are alien to the compiler.
It's bad practice to change the user's chosen settings based on YOUR preferences. It's better to find out how to use the APIs to get the behavior you desire in the right way.
Sadly it is only available for Windows.
I'm a fan of storing the Nant scripts as part of the project.  Check out http:www.dimecasts.netCastsByTagNAnt.
By perhaps not what you are looking for I meant not the direct answer - but the procedures to get your exception  io - handling more user-friendly. This is not a short shot at all but needs more reflection about how to program in general.
Not to mention key storage, exchange, etc. Not can screw it up, but will.
You will have problems installing the VS package if you're behind a firewall blocking the MSI downloads (the VS package installation will actually download the cassini web server and web server explorer).
No problem, if you get stuckconfused then please editupdate your question and drop me a comment and I will see if I can help :)
TraumaPony: Check the chart at the bottom of this page http:msdn.microsoft.comen-usembeddedbb278106.aspx: Clearly the Micro Framework was not designed for real-time environments. It was, however, designed for embedded environments (like WinCE) but with lower power requirements.
That's a neat shortcut, but again: I needed to do it programmatically.
That may be, but the vt that gets assigned to a local X session is distribution-dependent.
Thanks, I'm glad it helped!
As with rslite, you've missed the actual question, I want to find a way to run such a regex and catch the resultant error
Then make a minimal non-working example. I have tested what you are doing with ampersands in a path and it works (see above for a short example), so something else is the problem. We can't figure out what until we see actual code.
In this example, it would also quote the ':' character (not all). Thanks for the comment.
Just got around to trying this, it doesn't work:
this is much slower. see my answer!
Personally, I prefer Win32 to MFC. I never found any seriously added value to MFC over Win32. Also, there's WTL which was pretty good several years ago and is probably great by now.
Your answer looks like what I thought we should be doing, but like you said I'm not really sure which is better, which is why I figured I'd open it up to voting here.
I think the answer for ARM is similar (and even more efficient with conditional ops), but I'm hoping someone knows a pattern that will trick GCC into generating something close to this.
Any language with a DOM implementation supports this (and most languages have a DOM implementation).
WRT editors, yes, that's what I meant. I assume people in the XML world use mostly editors, otherwise I can't explain the lack of command-line tools. I find it interesting that the XML world is so far from the unix philosophy of simple tools that do one thing well.
It's in the .NET 2.0 version of System.Web
This doesn't quit get me what I need but I found an article on FOR XML in MSSQL2005 which I think covers what I need.
Let me try to say this another way: you aren't naming a function bar any more than i'm naming 3 three. You're just assigning a literal to a variable, and that variable can be re-assigned to anything else at any time. Perhaps your confusion comes out of a misunderstanding of the . operator?
okay, fixed, thanks.
They can actually store a UI and several programs do this.  For example snap-ins.
I also do a similar BDD style testing section (in addition to the unit testing code) in a personal project.
See http:stackoverflow.comquestions114538visually-designing-a-database-structure.  Same question.
Thank you for that.  It looks interesting. I've got it bookmarked.
As for having the version in the GAC, I probably do, but I did not add the reference from the GAC and using reflector on the reference indicates that it is the one I thought
While this seemed the way to go initially, it actually does not work in practice, as the assembly name is the same regardless of what the executable name gets set to.
I could have also used `one()` instead of `any()`, but `any()` would probably be faster.
Works great! Especially when one has a 100 million rows to run through!
I may be being thick here (little sleep last night) but you want to obfuscate open source code? Isn't that kind of against what open source is really about? I would say rather than hide it, just make it less obvious. Just bury the egg where not many people will probably look.
Another point is that this only stops 'new' being called from outside of the class hierarchy.  ie. it is possible for a member of 'X' to call the funciton.  The new C++ '0x feature =delete will allow you to explicitly stop the function from ever being called.
I know how YAML and XML are different. What I don't know is how YAML and JSON are different, except that the former is more human readable, but you reject it, and the latter has square brackets, curly brackets and quotes, and you said it was OK.
Your talking about the process stack, not about how much each call to the function will use
Damn, I want to upvote your post twice.
In this case, we're on the other side of the queue; our device driver is posting the messages, and a toy Flash application was bogging down after a few minutes.
In this example, it could be read in so stats could be collected or modified and then written out to file again.
Did you try the manual? http:php.netmanualenmysqli-result.fetch-assoc.php
Suggestion: your code example will be much easier to read if you use the 'code sample' format (the ones-and-zeros button in the answer editor) to wrap it.
Is there a way to build a PipedInputStream from a given InputStream (or Reader)?
So, obviously ignoring your non ROA urls, it's the same as my answer above, but using modrewrite with specific rules, and doing the routing through specific paraameters, rather than through the code?
Passwords should be hashed... And database size wouldn't be an issue is the password is hashed.
Ah! I see it is required for multiple databases. Updated.
Just out of curiosity, why does this need to be a regular expression?  It seems that using the existing code would be safer, as it's less likely to contain bugs.
John, this was a completely theoretical question so I didn't have any code to profile. In the past I have always followed the PEP, but I wrote some code today that made me wonder if that was the correct thing to do. Thanks for your help.
It really hits home when you see it. You look at this and think it just looks like an ugly mess, where do I start reading this.
So, if you have a data model with 20 different classes, you would create an EventArgs for each of them?
I am not arguing for a specific scenario - the stuff I'm currently working on actually just needs to send along a string, and I can't make myself create a StringEventArgs.  The string contains an identifier, but even IdentifierEventArgs, or IdEventArgs, holding a string, seems overkill to me.
Actually it is abbreviated GoF and not GOF.
There's no design pattern element to this question at all.  Can you remove the Design-Patterns tag?
Doesn't this defeat the whole purpose of securing your communications with TLSSSL?
blasted race conditions ;)
What point sizefont do you use?
I was going to say that, but then it occurred to me that maybe not everybody uses just local repositories for their own stuff. If you plan to set up a web interface, and access restrictions, and so on, for each repository, then it's more than no work. Although I imagine it's scriptable.
Aside named classes, the main use I've found for Singleton is to represent something of which there objectively is only one in relation to my program or any conceivable program using my class's API. The Operating System, for example. It's still risky in the sense that you might want to Mock it.
Turning off the antivirus helped!
You're right. It is a buzz-word driven solution. I added the replication bit because I assume the replicated data would be accessed via services - but how to optimise everything?
Nice article about the new API:
I agree, if our client had followed the redirect to collection it would have received the proper response code. The twist is, if collection had not existed then MKCOL collection would have succeeded.
Hmm.. how often do you change components without recompiling and what for? I understand if someone changes DB credentials and does not want to recompile the program - he may be not the one who develops it. But I can hardly imagine someone other than developer changing spring configuration
I've found some edge cases in CSS don't work the same in multiple IE or IETester as they do in IE6 unfortunately
2.0.
The size was one concern.  The other concern is the unknown and learning curve - which I see from these answers might not be as bad as it looks.  Thanks!
Browsers typically implement CSS features that are in a further development state, e.g. opacity is from CSS Color (Last Call) and Media Queries is a Candidate Recommendation.
Assuming that works, it's a really nice solution.
The people who don't know what a version number is, is the people I'm afraid of :)
This approach is basically where we started, but it proves to be that the irregularity of the record sizes often leaves behind sub-optimally compacted blocks. With some willingness to search around more, better fits can be found but then its turning into NP-hard and now looking for more heuristics..
Care to add that where lambdas used to be useful, nowadays you can often use functools.partial?
Isn't there the risk of ending up with knots of business logic in your stored procedures or hard to maintain spaghetti code if you have a few multi-purpose sprocs though? Targeted stored procedures that each perform one task only are far easier to maintain..
I know, but what kind of programmer doesn't argue semantics? ;)
Thats a great oldie...by Tracy Kidder
This is exactly why they did it...thanks
Another good scheme is just using the build date in this format: YYYY.MM.DD.BuildNumber, where BuildNumber is either a continuous number (changelist) or just starts over at 1 each day. Examples: 2008.03.24.1 or 2008.03.24.14503.
You're going to be limited by what the feed actually kicks out.  Not all feeds show all historical posts.  In fact, that would be a terrible idea.
I suspect this question was engineered to win a bet along the lines of there'll be at least x references to xkcd with y minutes...
As Matt Dillard pointed out in another answer here, there's also Favorites in regedit, so you can quickly jump to different keys of your choice within regedit itself.
wow ... seven other people added NSIS in the time it took me to add my post!
Not sure if you are notified of edits of answers. So I write this comment to inform you that I added my own version of indented dump. :-)
Well, at least for me one level of conditional reads very naturally with no confusion.
foreach ( child in children )
Actually, I don't think these could be the answer. So Far I've found two codes: 
I concur with zvrbra - that is a O(n^2) algorithm.
It's slightly different to Java, because of the order of variable initializers.
Uh... I stack my screens. Height > Width. Neither screen has the same width, so if you were hugging the max-width you would end up off-screen beyond a certain height. Not to mention two-above, one below configurations.
Odd, that means CLR via C is also incorrect.
Outlaw Programmer: nothing explicit, but when the question is about syntax and there's no code the odds are good it's homework.  (But the OP is free to remove it.)
I'll definitely consider it for more complex apps, but for a simple app that has maybe three buttons and a textfield, it's not worth it to go from 10KB to 150KB.
That works! BTW, are you sure that it will be exactly the same?
Thanks!  Good point.  I have in mind an application for normal users though and I figure greasemonkey is somewhat of a hurdle for them.  Would be nice if they could just specify a URL in their settings...
I think that this is the right answer.  If the poster is asking how to undelete, he probably didn't begin tran.
Foo(CheckFoo f) should be Foo(f:Checkfoo) - damn ActionScript backwards writing!
Thank you for the answer! I guess that must be a difference in the way the Local Security zone is configured on different machines. It is not clear to me how this is configured, but since doing this configuration clients machine is not option, I guess in the end it doesn't matter :).
I can only mark one answer as accepted, but please see this comment from mattlant about unblocking the file:
This does not work.  Examine the blahx row in the question to understand why.
Yup, it wont do exactly what I asked for there but I will do what I need.
Hell, even if it does have practical use, there's no guarantee that anyone will notice, or care. :(
Perhaps a link to the original might have been a good idea?
filesystem-independent too?
Great link - thanks.
I don't think that this scales ... at all.
Even optimizations like implicit caching of function results, given commonly used input parameters. This can be done in a language like F but not C
You're right - I don't see an option to dedent on backspace, but you can probably deal with it using shift-tab, or reduce indent (ctrl-shift-i by default) instead.
Rich: 'random algorithm'=random number generator, 'feed'=seed.
Please, let System.IO.Path methods handle things like trimming or adding backslashes.
Throwing indeed.
FFmpeg.NET dead? ffmpeg-sharp dead? Tao.FFmpeg really complicated. FFlib.NET no windows, yet. SharpFFmpeg outdated.
I'm sorry that I had to insist on this, but I didn't want to let it stand there incorrect. We're supposed to do that, right? My intention was not to hit you personally though.
I voted your question but I will leave this topic open to see if there is any other simpler solutions. If not, I'll accept your answer.
This is not true. There are multiple implementations of Ruby and Python that support true parallel threads: XRuby, Ruby.NET, JRuby, IronRuby, Jython, IronPython, and possibly others.
Oh yes you can enforce order of the children in XML using an XML Schema (XSD) and specifying a sequence.
The URL didn't exactly discuss what I wanted, but he was doing what I wanted. Thanks!
SO rocks! I got these 3 excellent answers within 10 minutes on a Sunday!
I didn't mean a null constant: I meant a variable with a null value.
I don't know if I should +1 your answer for having such an ill-performing solution that will push the user away from that path, or if I should +1 your answer for it actually answering his question! :)
Robin Iwould love to accept and vote up your answer but if you could provide some source code samples it would be perfect.
Good question. Ah, same thing, no change.
I ve tried the shell session again, importing the urls module first, and I still get the same result. I m pretty sure the mapping is achieved, as `urls.urlpatterns[0].callback is views.myview` returns true. Updated the link in the question.
This assumes you have sequential ID's, which is usually a fair assumption. If you don't though, you'll need to make use of a timestamp or some other sequential field in your DB to do this
Didn't anyone notice I said I wasn't sure if was legal? I know some compilers (used to) allow it, but I advised againat it anyway.
If the same class is loaded by two class loaders it's not the same class.
As I suspected inlining makes no difference to the above.
It is also FREE.
Yep, pretty much exactly what I suggested in my answer and comment below. This approach proves to be way more flexible than inheritance-based approach.
Couldnt you have just used hist original bar and then passed std::ptrfun(bar) to the std::randomshuffle, seems like a lot less typing to do the same thing :-P
(btw, if you comment on my answer then it will show up in my responses and I won't miss it)
Interesting! Do you have any details on the problems with double buffering and with combining BufferedInputStream with InputStreamReader? I could not find anything by Googling.
Not sure why this would be downvoted.  It's not as if there aren't enough SQL server questions around!
why do you multiply by one at the bottom?
Could you go into a little more detail as to why?
Could you elaborate as to what that's doing and why? Why can't I do the suggested method in the question?
I like problems that do both:  teach you, and get something done.  :)
A very interesting document. Essential if you're writing a major library framework, or if you have a problem with startup time, otherwise probably not useful, though still worth reading if you're the sort of person who likes to understand what's really going on.
Just be aware that this doesn't create a normal excel file as if you opened excel and created one manually... it's an html file.
Preferably, not necessarily.
You don't know our IT dept.
Can you add a code example of what you mean? Isn't this one of the 'bad ideas' above?
Could you expand your objection to ints, or provide a reference? The sample calculation you provided leads to a result of 0.01 or 1 using ints. It is not obvious to me why this is not the correct answer.
Bah, have you not heard of 'a weeks worth of coding will save you an hours of design' as the justsification for 'code first, design later'? :)
That is true.  Good call. :)
That's a really great way to do unions with a list of int!  My goal is to not use  listofint's, because it consumes too much memory.  We have 16+ nodes in our design and the nodes are of varying types.  I want to use intrangelist because Specman is quicker when testing if a val is in the set.
You've isolated to between just those two queries (no other factors) and get that performance difference every time?
How much data are you talking about?
Thanks!  This was what I remembered reading a couple of years ago.
Agree with Torlack, the post decrement will happen after the assignment...
The problem is I didn't get answers really.  I had intended for them to write out their thoughts, but I just got blank paper back...
So you mark me down for commenting on a subset of the question?  Seems a bit extreme
If the proxies were generated from WSDL then it'll be a SOAP web service.
I could see 3 giving someone pause (it was meant as the hard question.)  I think the first one is pretty simple though,
This was essentially handing them the questions and me going away for an hour.  The idea being they'd have time to think, and internet access to look stuff up.  So no opportunity for them to figure out 2 after a discussion of 1...
In that case, urllib2 exceptions are very well documented: http:docs.python.orglibmodule-urllib2.html
Do you want to scan shared file systems or email traffic on a MTA?
Just to make sure: You want to get the property by name, but the name may have changed? This sounds like something not really solve-able...
I have tried various linear algebra libraries for use as 2d data (maps) but they are not convenient to use for non-linear algebra purposes nor faster than a vector of vectors. UBLAS (and others) is only fast for multiplication and other 'typical' matrix usages, not so much for accessing.
To remove all whitespace not just spaces you should replace the space character with [:space:] in your sed regular expression.
You can inherit any class of the STL as long as you don't add data to them as the constructor won't be called. There is no pb adding methods though.
Thanks - this works. I've found a more concise approach which I'll post below.
This can be expressed so that it works with hashmap and other containers (and no K1K2):
Looks cool, thanks, but no Windows Mobile support.  This app is a little unusual in that it runs in both Windows Mobile and regular PC Windows.
May even be zero, depending on the addressing modes offered by your CPU. Accessing register+offset is not unusual.
I've followed those directions and unchecked the 'Confirm open after download' in the File Type dialog.  The file still opens in a browser window.
Halfthor: I don't know any. Btw. I take exception at polls not so much because a lot of them are about poll whoring, but because polling is simply not what stackoverflow is about.
It is not only one function calling malloc() several times, it is acually ONE call to mallocrealloccalloc since the return address is the same.
yeah this is kinda nasty
Cool - I never thought about that. Incrementing the float as an integer will exactly do what needed.
because there is isOutputShutdown() and isInputShutdown(); don't know if those are fully working, however. (as usual they depends of the actual implementation of the standard inside the OS, and inside the JVM)
hmm, same I said, but got voted down...  nice...
Ironic then, isn't it?  foreach is just a syntactic shortcut.
I've no experience with 3.5 so couldn't comment on ListView but I don't see the problem with the Repeater control, you can use whatever tags you choose and have several 'sub-controls' to generate your own markup as well.
Why do you say that?
I swear I didn't steal the pair programming idea from previous answers. There wasn't any when I began typing. =)
Joel: I haven't ever come across that, nor have I read anything suggesting you should write an installer like that.
In python 2.5 and above, you can also do: key, , value= arg.partition('=')
That's it! Thanks!
The purpose of browsers is to present the information provided to the user as best they can - that means attempting to recover from author errors.
A SAN is still a single resource, no matter how large.  On a shared nothing system you can have local IO on each node so storage and bandwidth can scale with the number of nodes.
Expand on this answer, and the acronym - Common Locale Data Repository; the people asking won't know what it is.  You'll get better marks with a more loquacious answer.
My concern now is how it handles something like &amp;amp; ?  Will it encode the ampersand, or is it smart enough to know it's already encoded? And what if you have both in the same bit of text?  I'll do some testing and have a result later this afternoon.
Same version on both machines
Same result with the class.
Computer2: Mozilla4.0 (compatible; MSIE 7.0; Windows NT 6.0; SLCC1; .NET CLR 2.0.50727; .NET CLR 3.0.04506; InfoPath.2; .NET CLR 3.5.21022)
Calendar c = Calendar.getInstance();
Me too. I gave you a vote. :)
heh - i've been doing it for 30 years, and i upvoted your answer in agreement.
I needed time stamps because I need to know when the data is collected and to see when there are gaps in the data being produced.
Are you sure? I don't get a compile error, and the documentation says it isn't read only: http:msdn.microsoft.comen-uslibrarysystem.xml.xmlwritersettings.encoding.aspx
How about anonymous types, then?
This is just right.  Pick a project that you actually use and like.  There might be other projects with easier-to-understand code, but you'll have no fun if you start out by working on a project that doesn't interest you.
That, my friend, is the power of <boomingvoice>STACKOVERFLOW<boomingvoice>
This IS a private share. No one but me uses it.
heh, how dare you indeed! :P
That last line hurts my brain...
I simply gave a few example arguments for both; the quantity of arguments I gave should not be construed as an indication of my tendencies. The obviously part comes from the fact that I gave counter arguments for each of the surrogate key aruments, but not for the natural key arguments.
What good is human readable source code if it's not human readable? =)
This isn't a bad idea. Once you have those, you can look for those patterns and replace them with what you want.
I'm pretty sure that you are referring to the NPR story from 2004 (which I just found). The info in the 2nd link was from 2007, and I think one of the articles I read was actually from the USPS site (I didn't save every link).
No, it is not related to a specific form. I can check on the experts. But i have a rather clean ide (only a code formatter installed).
Nah, reordering the joins didn't help that much, unfortunately..
Both of you are right, but I'm not of the opinion that idiomatic == better.
If he wants he can use later the wizard again to change his settings but normally it is not necessary.
To clarify, the hidden aspect of this is that if either operand to scalar '..' is a constant the value is implicitly compared to the input line number (.)
Yeah, Firebug in Firefox allows for this too.
Well, mostly accurate--  Jon Skeet makes a good point.  I stand by my response though:  I think there are a lot more cases where you want the TryParse() behavior.
Thanks for that, i will probably extend it by quite a bit.
I like your solution. But you say: having to iterate over the list multiple times isn't elegant. If there is n values and m predicates, you iterate n times on the m predicates, so what's the advantage over iterating m times on n values? Note: I'm a Python newbie. Cheers!
To answer the first question, through the designer (which is what I, being relatively new to C, was using for my GUI editing), my form only has access to the events raised by the user control, and not its subcontrols.
As far as I know the SP1 for .NET 2.0 (part of .NET 3.5) changed the worker threads default to 250 per CPUcore for thread pools.
Then you run into issues with pyc files across versions.  By doing the compilation on the local machine, it'll remove such issues.
The problem is you are calling SELECT MIN(RecordID) each time through the loop. I suggest you rewrite your SQL. Depending on your indexes, this is could be a table scan each time through the loop. i.e. O(n^2) which is why your time estimate is incorrect. It will take days if not weeks!
In essence this achieves the same end result. This will let you set a property that can tell you what the called target was (in my case AppDeploy vs DBDeploy). In each instance of getting to each target you could set this same property. I elaborated some more by adding things to the value I create.
If all other script and programs write to the stdin then all of their messages get logged too. If you just execute the batch and you see a lot of messages running on, then you can redirect them to a log file.
On second thought I don't know if this would be my solution - I'd be forced to run the code I want to analyze in a separate process. This introduces a lot of complexity into the process of writing the code I'm analyzing, and I don't want to expose that complexity. Hmmm...
Sorry I wasn't entirely clear. We have a WS-I service over a bunch of WS-I services. It's WS all the way and there's no other way about it! :(
No, I actually tested it now and this code writes 1 to standard output in .NET 1.1VS2003 too.
+1.  Don't know why somebody voted this down - it's absolutely right.
Of course, you may just hard code the semaphore name. Just make sure that it's unique.
Yeah this doesn't really address the problem he's having of headers using namespaces.
If the business needs are not aligned with your pain, then you shouldn't be replacing the hack with the proper version, and this question comes down to how can I subvert my employer's ends to serve my own?. Answer: form a union.
He knows where it is; your solution is a friggen jackhammer where a tack hammer would do.
This appears to be the case and the correct solution. I awarded the answer to Jonathan as he was the first to respond.
btw, PERFORMANT is not a word.
That works--thanks.  But technically fdopen returns a file object (and you pass in a file descriptor), so if I could edit your answer I'd change it to f = os.fdopen(tup[0], w);f.write(foo)
SQLTeam.com also has had recent posts about partitioning and automating maintenance: http:weblogs.sqlteam.com.
I'm not explaining things well.  I'll add more to the question.
Oh. should i delete my question?
System.Threading.Timer is another one as well
In a real life application, you'd probably make sending an e-mail the last step :)
Good point.  I've found myself building a quick'n'dirty ksh script which ended up turning into a monster and I've not wanted to rewrite it given the time I've already spent - but that's probably just me.
doesn't DEBUGNEW only work for MFC?
It's more work if you have multiple disparate constructors, compared to just initializing the underlying field and not using an automatic property - I don't really see what gain you get from the auto-property in that scenario...
+1 for taking me down an assembly memory lane...
I think that depends on the doctype (not sure though, haven't tested): The way I understand Microsoft, IE 8 strict mode is triggered as soon as any valid HTML doctype is specified.
I agree -- I've seen it time and again over the last 20 years.
Yes. If you want to reallyhide your email address, put a captcha-protected form on the webpage which sends email to you in the background (without displaying the address in the GUI, of course).
let's see, i read brooks 26 years ago, so yes i've read his essay. My understanding of the point of his essay was that the essential complexty of software development is the reason why the process will never be completely automated or 'solved'... see next comment
Damn... you beat me by 18 seconds.....
I repeat, I do not see Guid used for generate keys that cannot be guesses but as a way to have keys that are unique in time and space and can be easily used for replication, if privacy is important use other approach (real random numbers)
What is WCSF... is it Web Client Software Factory?  I haven't seen this acronym used before, so I would be surprised if it were considered the way to go as far as .NET goes anyway.
I doubt this. Why should it be easier? ALTER TABLE x DROP COLUMN y is the same on both tables. And updating your program is the same, too. Where's the bar-gain?
Should probably mention that Lighty = lighttpd.
whoops, nice catch!
Not sure, but I think Sharepoint uses the GUID solution.
I would prefer not to do channel security, as I'd have an exponentially growing list of channels (P2P Network). Building a channel for each message is also not feasible, as this happens often and only for short messages.
why the downvote? It's a valid way to access an array...
This is actually a very nice way to access an array. I've seen people stumble with it, though, maybe because it falls outside of the standard C-flavor syntax (i.e. something assigned to a function).
1) I have an ADO dependent codebase.  Not interested in switching.
Might not be the fastest when the optimizer is doing it's job, but certainly will be faster when it's not.
I use it, but it does have some quirks like leaving behind temp files.
cool.  much better.
Seconded. Strongly.
For most residential connections being half-duplex uploading that much will render your connection almost useless until you're done.
I really think my file-system solution is simpler than setting up a whole Apache server, but whatever.
I found it odd too. I'm simply going off what the guys from Apple are telling our client.
I've edited my question to further explain
Right ,UTF-16 has lost the big advantages UCS-2 had.
Did you also put a reference to the JAR in META-INFapplication.xml? Without that, the classloader will ignore it.
Claudiu gives a good sketch of an algorithm.
Greg Beech: +1, great blog post.
Actually, I did a quick test - I timed summing a list with 100M entries and the same test with the corresponding array, and the list was actually about 10 faster.
Jurassic Park... two billion lines of code to look through to control the power? Well, I suppose that's about right if they're Agile.
Exiting an application is business logic?
As would I. I thought I had a solution at one point, but it didn't hold up.
That doesn't actually do what's been specified - it doesn't sort the list, it returns an ordered view on the list. It may well be good enough, of course - but we don't really know. If the OP wants the list to be sorted in place, List.Sort is the way to go.
If you override the background-image properties, they are not downloaded. For the img-tag it depends on the browser, I'm afraid... allthough any developer worth his salt should implement it in a way, that only the displayed graphics are downloaded.
Thanks, that's a good idea. What about ability to do updates? You could do two-way rsync but there is a risk of loosing data if the server was updated while you were offline.
Those methods don't take parameters because they calculate the parameters only after testing that the parameters should be calculated. The original poster's point was that the app was being adversely effected by the calculation of unnecessary parameters.
In pure functional programming, values can only be specified via function parameters and expression evaluations (including function calls), which all need to be specified before they're used and only exist for the scope their defined unless captured in a closure.
This is rather naive.  The codebase may be huge, old, and a mess but that doesn't mean it doesn't have any kind of testing.  If it's in use, and the customer likes it, it's correct.
This will give you the same answer on big and little-endian machines.
Yep, it appears to be doing fine with the division here.
Just make sure you have proper indexes on the table.  The fields that get 'searched' most often should be in an index.
Also check out IIRF, it's free http:www.codeplex.comIIRF
Very good analysis!
Ah interesting, cheers. I was actually thinking of building something like this myself.
wouldn't hashing it with MD5 actually make it more likely to generate collisions?
Your regex will only match strings which do not contain alpha numerics, numbers or spaces.  The ^ at the start of a [] means not anything inside here
I have no QT to test here, but QWidget::update() should force a repaint. Have you tried J r me's solution?
Thanks for your info. The thing is, I can't use the literal format because the date string is taken from Request.QueryString, and used like so
Ahh, does it not? The syntax for EPAL doesn't look familiar to me, but I guess there's more than one tool out there that does the same thing. It must have been a home-grown RUNAS tool I was using at my previous employers.
Dylan: Thanks much for your answer. I was also thinking in same lines. Anyway, I solved the problem in my machine by setting Arial Unicode MS font as you mentioned. But seems like I have to live with this issue, since I may not be able to control my users machines :(
Edited your comment into the OP
I'm struggling to find the relevant source code. Could you point me in the right direction?
You don't need an index to make this faster -- you need a different query
A bit harsh. Good question about a concern we all have at times. +1
It's not exactly straight forward to tell that the user deleted an item in that code. I guess I could set a variable onclick on the button. Is that what you would suggest?
Does modern compilers optimize the x  2 operation to x << 1?
I thought I made that very clear: I need the IDE itself in a different language.
Thanks.  So my two examples would not be equivalent if multiple threads could wait on the latch... unless sem.acquire(numthreads); is followed by sem.release(numthreads);?  I think that would make them equivalent again.
It would be great if you would mark one of the answers as answered. That is after all one of the major points of SO :)
This is a script, so there's no roundtripping.  Optimizer is not smart about UNION, does not recognize table was used else-where in the query.  Yes, I'm doing the Optimizer's job.
Full joining in a star pattern, nice. (+1)
brian: Your right. It is up the tho programmer to code in the functionality.
Huh? Is emacs simple and lightweight? Argh! :^)
I would have said it if you hadn't - SWFObject is making the lives of thousands of web developers easier, one include at a time.
you should be able to edit your original post to include the above code which would be better than posting it as an answer
so is there a shorter way of doing it than this using chaining or something?
Why are you doing this?
aku: btw you can try Cyclomatic Complexity power toy for ReSharper, it  shows warnings when value exceeds some threshold.
Thank you. This was originally the approach I was planning to take, but was talked into looking down this route in case it existed...
Scratch that, wrap set to off does disable the wrap.  But now the line is being truncated.  !
I might have thought of just typing on the exposed key-rest, but that's certainly an interesting way around it :)
I didn't knew ArrayList was 1.1.
Well, that still doesn't capture the result - you'd need a List<Person> people =  on the left hand side...
yes, i wished there was a webservice... but the XML file is not generated by me, its from a third party.
If that's what you need... I was thinking of completely restyling the buttons when you mentioned CSS and images. Anyways, just keep an eye on IE ;)
Is the result a shallow or deep copy?
I'm pleased you're getting on OK with it. If you get any issues, drop me a line, either by e-mail (I'me easy to find...) or via the PB site.
you mean the second option, not the first?
It's valid under both the old and new standards. It's just that under the new standard the scope is limited to the for loop. Under the old standard, the iterator would have been visible till the end of the scope that the for loop resides in.
wow, that's fantastic. I can't wait.
P.S. found using http:www.searchdotnet.com
do you mean the X Window System?
I'd like to strongly recommend at least thinking about going with Textile as a solution.  For a lot of cases anything complex enough you NEED a WYSIWYG editor is complex enough a WYSIWYG editor won't work well.
How does the site detect country of origin?  And why? Are you doing language detection and checking the HTTP headers?  Or IP-based detection?  This can be mistake-prone.
Not an option for programs under vista, and a bad idea in general. Vista will not allow the program to create files in 'Program Files' so if the app is installed there the logging will fail drastically.
What's happening is that it posts a special message to your WIN32 message pump. When WinForms encounters that message, it executes the function you passed in there.
yes, that is the problem I'm trying to find the answer to.
I don't think Google Reader always archived RSS feeds. I was surprised one day when I went into Google Reader and could read older postings.
That won't log the traceback, however; use logging.exception().
Why would you want to port from VB6 to C anyways?
Can you please re-tag this post?  There is a typo on WPF (showing as WFP
so essentially the svn project contains all the versions and you just alias to the current one?
I should check.  I'm using drupal's jsonservice modulue.
SomeAnalogy extends FightClub is verboten.
The only reason for wanting edges but not faces was that I'm dealing with very simple models and I thought it might be easier.
How do you write rules (as opposed to moves) in these formats?
I've tried it, and it works, even if has some glitches; for example, it doesn't seem to support queries shorter than 3 chars. Anyway, a good compromise.
I don't believe the question was talking about nested transactions which, as you indicate, are handled differently.
Use a framework :) (sorry...:)
so funny i forgot to laugh!  8P
I think it is because you have a xmlns named coverflow so you are filling the files symbol table with two symbols with the same name. You do not need the xmlns:coverflow or the xmlns:local
I agree: There is the problem that A+B works, but not B+A (say A is a class simulating a complex number, and B an int). Another problem is that a non friend operator + functions increase the encapsulation of the class, whereas the class method decreases it.
that's when it 'struck' you, not 'stroke' you. :]
Hi matt do you get an error or does nothing appear?
Yeah, only 80 of the market share is left behind...
How is it cheating if it answers the question? Sure, having an extra dependency is probably overkill for this specific situation, but no harm is done in calling out that it exists, especially since there's so many excellent bits of functionality in Apache Commons.
this sounds good. we are in contact with microsoft support and await there recommendation. But this seems a way to go.
What does the javascript: pseudo-protocol do in a script-event ...  It seems totally stupid to tell the javascript-interpretator, that it should treat script in a script-event as script !-)  Only use of the javascript: pseudo-protocol is where you instead would use an url !o]
It doesn't work either. See my answer.
I have a dual core 2.8 Ghz machine and the timers are still pretty inaccurate. In my experience, CPU speed doesn't matter very much.
not completely, and not with all versions. xhtml 1.0 is well supported, xhtml 1.1 not so much. html 4 and 4.01 is well supported, but should be used in 'strict' mode to assure almost similar rendering accross browsers, html 5 support is coming to the scene (so older browsers may have issues)
This is just the type of idea I'm looking for.
What do you mean by the Solution Errors Setting?  output verbosity? Or is this a resharper setting?
if you are allocating many of the same-size thing over and over again, you should consider a fixed-block allocator.  It can be much more efficient than the general-purpose malloc.
any update on this i need this quick...
Thanks for the follow-up nick!
Even using SESSION in the above example will give the same result, ie the variable gets reset at end of script execution. Kinda weird for a session variable.
Nope, I don't trust them this much, but my employer sure as hell does. In the end trust in business is not about good and evil, it's about covering ones ass. The carrier is (usually) contractually obliged to guarantee your data integrity. Same for the big telcos.
Include the salesrep or POS number to insure validity only on this POS or by this salesrep. Include a time code such that the coupon can only be entered within a certain timeframe.
But do you use the Tortoise SVN Eclipse plugin, or you only use it outside Eclipse?
That's more informative than helpful in my case.  My fault, not yours.  :)  I need something which gets me closer.
I'm not sure, but since the function is supported by MS it should work. In practice I read info only for HKEYCURRENT USER, not for others. Also you can read the registry like INI files
Actually it does, this seems to be a two part question - 1) can I stop this behavior? 2) if not, what else can I do to display notifications?
Perhaps you'd like to check this question I've asked specifically about how to handle this task with UTF8 strings (not an universal solution, though). http:stackoverflow.comquestions199260reversing-a-utf-8-string-in-place
That does not solve anything
that usage will result in a button with an image inside it. I want a clickable image (without the default button visually encapsulating it)....I believe the code I have above completely overrides the default button template with the image.
That does it! Thank you so much!
This is about .Net. More than technology, I am interested in the process behind the versioning.
Sorry - cut and paste issue. I've just updated the java.naming.provider.url entry so it uses TCP - and uses failover which you should use by default to reconnect if a socket fails or a broker is bounced
Not my solution, just edited the layout of the code :)
Tom H: Good point. I was definitely leaning towards his solution
I don't think Sub::Uplevel helps at all I'm afraid - caller isn't a namespace.
Learned a new thing today: Trie.
I implemented this in Excel VBA (adding in the Overhead as mentioned in this KB article: http:support.microsoft.comkb172338.  It worked great.  Thanks.
Hmmm... that sounds way complicated.  As it is, my problem is too much coverage.  If I understand you correctly, I could achieve the same thing in effect by limiting the test data only to cases that I know to be covering my actual code.
The answer is descriptive, but I am still to see any real world example
Thanks, that works for me now...
Backticks also allow the reader to see the difference between Int and lnt :)
C 'internal' is actually hurting encapsulation much more than C++ 'friend'. With friendship, the owner explicitely gives the permission to whoever it wants. Internal is an open ended concept.
If an object has no state, i.e. no vars, then instancing it will not produce any allocation - neither on heap nor stack. 
This is really beautiful :)
Your link is to a local file, the URL you should use is http:doc.trolltech.com4.4qwidget.htmlactivateWindow
As a mental image, each TabItem is an arrow shape  > > >  but the first and last ones have square ends.  If TabItem 0 becomes not visible, then TabItem 1 must have the square style.  The visibility of TabItems is controlled through binding.  The TabItems will not scroll out of view.
Honestly, I don't know if there are any advantages of doing it that way but I doubt it.  I just did it that way since that is what we are grouping by.
No, they are shared, every data type in Python is a reference type, even integers and booleans etc.
And to answer your question: I'm not using boost because of its size. Every time I think of using it, the download sizemy inability to read through 10 layers of macrosand its build system with all the compiler switches creates a sick feeling in my stomach. It's ugly.
Well the only thing wrong with var f = (float)3; is that it should be var f = 3f or var f = 3.0 (cause single precision sucks).
As far as I know, all Windows computers have to have a name, regardless of whether they're on a network or not.
You know what they say: If it works it's not AI :-)
A OR mapper tool is not really a option for me. The database im using is Transactional and requires that I write my own Mapper Pattern.
What if user enters the password as pwd<space>
I've worked on databases structured like this and, once you get past the ugliness, it's a pretty good system.
Thank you for your answer. 
Pittsburgh DBA: I saw that but read it differently...as ColA, ColB, and ColC are all columns in the table not that they were the full set of columns in the table. Either way, the information in my response is still relevant (but in this specific case, it's a wash.)
 P DBA: Did I say that it would return the 2 gigs? I was merely asking if the code would handle the change in the table as illustrated in the second bullet.
John, could you explain why the session is not available in this context? (I assume it isn't and that's why you're emulating it with the user-keyed cache)
I think it's recommended that the On method is protected to allow a derived class to react to the event or to change how or when the event is called. Just as an addition.
this meaning the   fix
in hindsight, calcGypotenuseLength and vekrotSum is equal in this regard... i was thinking of the pythagorean part...
From the spec:  checked     (checked)  - there exists a checked attribute, it accepts the value checked. See also http:www.w3.orgTRhtml4introsgmltut.htmlh-3.3.4.2
Agreed.  There does seem to be a JS framework bias building in SO to the point where pure Javascript suggestions are looked down upon.  Recommending and pointing to solutions in frameworks are fine but so are standalone Javascript solutions.
Cut the space and 0, and you can cut 2 strokes.
Please don't escape strings to protect against SQL injections.  Use prepared statements with placeholders.
you need a domain expert
I remember reading about this option being considered on the svn mailing list a year or two ago but I didn't know they actually implemented it yet.  Looks like it was added in 1.5, good to know, thanks.
BKB: I'm not sure what you mean by using an index.
Accurate but answering the wrong question...
Let's say I can't use a python version greater than 2.5, what are my options then for passing a callback parameter?
CS students are being taught how things work, not how to program. Also, with the law of leaky abstractions then you shouldn't be allowed to use this until you know what it is doing and understand where things are likely to go wrong ;)
Well, I disagree with make users enter correct data.  Users should be able to enter data anyway that makes sense to them, and the app should, if possible, make sense of it: Hence 2125551212, 212 555 1212, (212)555-1212 212.555.1212 should all be accepted as viable phone numbers.
Fair point. But then neither is sudo (at least on debian) and I consider that vital.
Steve, I never knew that - post it as an answer here! (I'll upvote it if you do :)
Tomalak, thanks allot for your help!  Bigtime!
Not 100 what I was looking for as you don't indicate the CLR versions, only the .NET Framework versions but still a great list, especially since you include the release dates and actual Visual Studio version numbers.
I agree, I was just wondering whether anyone knew of a nicer way to do things in the library code itself. Thanks for the input.
It's the API you're trying to learn. That book is the best for it. The C it uses is a complete subset of C++.
Actually, it is interoperable, that's the whole reason he did it.  :-)  You can of course always use SWT by itself, but if you want to embed native stuff like a browser, Windows Media Player or a flash player within Swing, DJ Swing is the way to go.
Where are the images coming from?  Are you rendering the same scene over and over again, perhaps from different viewpoints?  Or are you loading texture after texture from disk?  And where do the images go?  Into a gpu computation?  Onto disk?  Your answer depends on the details.
I have a problem with the long Data Type when integrating this with SQL Server Assembly. Any replacement for long that is compatible with SQL Server?
I'm with you; defining the types is a bare minimum for this kind of question (up to and including function signatures).  Also, is this C, C++, or something else?
I'm assuming that your request of not having any PHP logic comes from the fact that the templates will be generated by non-programmers. But I'm sure that if you can teach them to write PERSONS when an iteration for each person is needed you could also teach them to write the foreach equivalent.
I understand the point about 403. Personally (in this sort of situation, where the files should never be served), I'd much rather they didn't know the directories even existed though. I'll try out the AliasMatch too. This was what I managed to glean from Google, I'm always happy for better solutions
Time to get a new colleague
That doesn't work because CallNextHookEx takes a HHOOK parameter (returned from SetWindowsHookEx).
Ruby strings are a mutable array of bytes.  Absolutely drives me nuts that you can change them in-place.
You get an upvote now.  :-)
I assume that when you say limits, you're referring to emulated concurrency (as opposed to true hardware concurrency). Is that not the case?
I've tried placing these in my etcapache2apache2.conf, etcapache2httpd.conf, etcapache2mods-availablerewrite.conf (which is symlinked from etcapache2mods-enabled).  My understanding is that these rules will always apply.  I'm only running one domainvirtual host here.
There is some more information here http:stackoverflow.comquestions123540modifying-existing-net-assembles, otherwise inheritance is your only option. My suggestion means that if an new attribute is added to the class you do not need to modify any code to serialize it.
Is this more about the relationship you have with your DBA than Oracle? Your code could create tables by executing some immediate DDL if given the rights. (I think you need to call EXECUTEDDL)
Consider using http:tinyurl.com for overlong URLs.
<stdint.h> is in C99, not older C standards, for what it's worth. Furthermore, an implementation must provides uint64t and int64t if and only if it provides the corresponding 64 bit integer type. A C99 implementation is not required to provide one, but it is extremely likely to.
Debugging LINQ is a topic all by itself, and an important one.  I think the greatest weakness of LINQ is that it lets you write blocks of arbitrarily complex logic that you can't step through.
this turned out to be my issue. I was installing it without Vista SP1. After 2 hours of updating - just to geto the SP1 - .. after SP1 was installed 3.5 installed without any issues. Thanks
That's preposterous!
I don't think I understand your answer. The original data was a straight select and this is prepping the data in reporting services before using it in a report. What would your sql look like then?
Don't use the constructor, there is a special partial method called OnCreate for this. See this question: http:stackoverflow.comquestions82409is-there-a-way-to-override-the-empty-constructor-in-a-class-generated-by-linqto83844
The question is specific enough. ClickOnce is a .Net-specific deployment technology.
Correct. Load time is affected but execution time is not.
IMO this is the best idea, because it also gives you a baseline of the app's functionality; when you start making changes to the app you'll know immediately if your change is breaking
I tend to agree. The assumption is that it's valid, the Exception is that it's not, and should be handled as such.
which version of access?
Escaping is a critical point (regarding username = 'username' for example). Safely handling user input is a deep topic. While you're on SO you could start your reading here: http:stackoverflow.comquestions129677whats-the-best-method-for-sanitizing-user-input-with-php
I mostly agree. I usually write shell scripts in vanilla binsh. But I find that I have to know some bashisms to read shell scripts...
The original poster almost certainly wants revert not reset.  Since everyone has pulled A3 and A4 into their own local repositories,  I think resetting would mess things up.
I have this same identical problem and also do not have an answer.  I voted the question up and I'm looking for an answer!
0 is NUL, not NULL. Thus, I reverted to the OP's original revision.
thanks. I was looking for something like Spry's loadInterval option for jQuery, but this would do just great. Again, thanks.
Yes, some are pretty advanced... But you could argue that for CodeDOM or Reflection.Emit. Microsoft already has implemented a lot of these several times; they should be implemented once and for all in a dedicated namespace.
I think the question presumes that quicksort alone is not fast enough. Sure, this rarely occurs, but the question is what would I do if it did occur, not tell me to get back to work writing boring, easy code to cover boring, easy cases ;-)
Possibly, but these people are migrating from VB6 - do you really want to throw unit testing at the same time?
Using ElementTree 1.2.6, the attribute xpath features are only available in 1.3 and beyond.
Yeah, that's excellent.
This is true, but I just wanted to throw it out there to ensure many options are covered.  :)
P.S., For password-based encryption, you might search for an answer of mine about PBKDF2. Feel free to ask more questions if you're interested.
No, I am not persisting any information. In fact my server is a read only server. There are no writes happening except for the socket. The sockets are collected well enough initially. This problem comes as the time progresses.
You realize that's going to get CoolFile.txt
I think that would be a good plan if things like expression web  blend not having sourcesafe integration is a big downside
When writing libraries that are genericreused, this is definitely important.
Have you actually used any of the links that you posted? The first link refers to compressing a cookie in memory before sending to the client. The second link (7zSharp) is a wrapper around the SDK. I haven't been able to produce an archive that I can decode. SharpZipLib does not support 7zip. Code
Care to elaborate on exactly how you accomplish this?
This is too bad to be true. And if true, the guy who invented this revers indentation should be examined by Dr. House in Plainsboro
this is effectively a re-centralization of the algorithm. the problem is to get the number without supposing any trust between the participants.
Thanks - there's no message loop in my service to catch the message though :)
fyi http:www.boost.orgdoclibs1360libsgraphdocastarsearch.html
My thoughts exactly, Adam. for (;;) is cool in a dirty C kind of way, but I wouldn't bring it out in public.
I saw that too, but I do not like it. It seems like a gaping hole to me.
That's pretty slick
Vinko - I would tend to agree that a purely managed implementation of a crypto algo would be slower than a fully optimized native implementation or dedicated hardware device. However, what about the portability, maintainability, and availability of the different implementations?
Thanks for the tip.  It seems like an useful plugin.
Boy did I learn this the hard way. 
edg: I've never heard of the -t option of sqlcmd and didn't find it in the documentation. But I checked it sqlcmd -? - and there it is! Bravo!
Just a note - both your links go to the same example, I think the former should be the LHM javadoc?
which os  platform ? (we know java is platform independent :-)
I was watching the question pretty closely, and I suspected this was the way I was going to have to go.
A buffer of size 256 is way overkill for this purpose. Even though the number can overflow 7 chars (which Isak's answer deals with, by using snprintf), still, no int I know of takes up 256 chars. :-P
No, the correct sequence is determine the current value of x and remember it; increment x; assign the remembered value to x - hence the final value of x is 10.
I voted up this answer because it's my thought as well: you're gonna need some tool to run after the build to analyze your IL, look for methods with your attribute, and inject some event logic.
Although beware - SimpleDateFormat is not thread-safe
Ok, one last question, since SQL Server doesn't have a limit, how would you go about splitting them into chunks of 1000 records at a time?
Also you may want to change the title of this question to be a little more specific as to what you're asking.
That could be a possibility, but I'd like to keep the query as clean as possible.
Anders I'm not sure what you mean. Unless you need to do more than to simply call the polymorph with the default value you prefer, Optional parameters do the same thing. If you do need to do more than that, Then yes, of course overloaded functions are the way to go.
Please, could you add code as example: One use of qsort, and one use of std::sort?
I was also curious if other resources existed besides that too.
Yeah!  Why should I have to remember which one I like -- just give me a button and let me click it.
Yes, I noticed that too just after I posted, but I'm having connectivity problems so you beat me to it :-(
Judging by my experience with the Outlook Interop API, hoping for your COM objects to be cleaned up in time by the GC can lead to just this type of woe.
Did you mean Can anyone tell me how to make it so that www and nothing go to the main site...?
The bastard child of two bastard childs. +1 Paul Batum.
Agreed, thats the way to go. Good Link, Adam!
Thanks. I have edited the code, how does it look now? Pool and Disabled are held in the database as Yes and No. I only want these rows selected if the checkbox has been ticked and the value is Yes; so have I done that correct or should these be No? Also can I just say >0 for the garage?
What you're doing requires the cooperation of managed and native side of the stack & having helper functions on both sides recording the current state of the stack in each layer. Very kludge-y design, not to mention a likely recipie for stack unwind disaster if you're recording a known corrupt state
Hi Brian,
Not really.  TextChanged will be fired when you hit return in the text box, or when the text box loses focus.  (Assuming the text has actually changed.)  Sorry, but it's just the way it works.  Otherwise, you would need to use javascript and handle it all yourself.
I think I'll give the answer to the access method, despite the stat method being a very reasonable alternative, access gets the job done.
I don't know why you were down voted, maybe for the use of the words real audio or quicktime..?? Maybe the person who downvoted you had no clue about how it was done?  As for me, +1, your code is just about the same as the one used in the jQuery plugin stated in the most accepted answer...
Also, offsetParent isn't part of the DOM spec, apparently: https:developer.mozilla.orgEnDOMElement.offsetParent What's more, it returns null when the element has style.display set to 'none' which would screw things up a bit for me.
Hey, Pretty cool...I've not seen that function.  I have learned something new today:D
Details, details. ;-) The important point is that there are Emacs-modules which makes Emacs work like a normal Windows programs.
that may not be possible in available memory, however; setting up an array of size INTMAX then canceling the unused items take a lot of RAM; certainly it can be done with a linked list, but that's slow, too
Added homework tag. See http:stackoverflow.comquestions230510homework-on-stackoverflow
Quick note. I found that compiling the converter class before adding all the XAML code seems to help eliminate some of the nags that it will give you until everything is compiled together.
Great idea - if one is interested in learning RISCy stuff, they are of very similar vein.
it can be simpler chmod the important files then delete everything.
You are right. I was thinking of the inefficiency of the recursive version of fibonacci (f[n] = f[n-1] + f[n-2]).
Didn't see your post before. Just removed mine and up-voted yours. The guys at innaworks are doing some rad things like this.
I'm a big fan of Source Insight too. Excellent editor with awesome symbol lookup functions.
Jonathan: I was about to write the same thing :)
Oh, I understand now...well I added the Debug code and still, no dice. I need to read up on using background threads inside Windows Forms apps
The file is owned at mysqlmysql and modded 666.  I've added myself to the mysql group and I still can't delete it.
Now that is cool. Though I have no computers out of my tens that have smtp setup. Sadly.
The bucket filldeplete approach is good.  However, you are accessing a multi-byte variable without protection.  During the comparison or subtration, one half of the int could be processed, and then the ISR fires and increments the variable, and then the second half of the int it processed => error.
anjanb The link was helpful. Thank you :).
I suppose you could scale the values down by 10 and use a volatile byte; that would hopefully reduce the modification to an non-interruptable one.
if you really want to be able to handle anything then you need a human to do the parsing, or it's an AI-level problem.  That's the nature of the beast when it comes to text parsing.  Make assumptions for normal cases, and assume that edge cases will fail.
PLease provide a cutdown example of your code.
or using your own tools
Excellent point.
I believe you Web.ConfigProgramMachine.Config file overrides IIS's default setting.  Edit: godammit, you would think MS would put that in the HttpSessionState.TimeOut docs.
As a rule of thumb, that sounds pretty reasonable. But that assertion, like most, can legitimately be answered with it depends.
Jon, there can be many solutions and there can also be NO solutions for a given board.. but my problems will never be ones with no solutions.
Georgi, where is your proof that IN is slow and the CBO can't handle it? If you're going to answer questions here, try to do so from a position of understanding, instead of one from hearsay and supposition
It's supported by other browsers because any feature that gets a modicum of widespread use will become a compatibility bug for other browser.  If a site uses a feature that only exists in one browser, the site is broken in all others, and typically users think that it's the browser that is broken.
Sure, I'd have to check the Integer is valid, but is using String as the Function parameter type the way to go? - the TaskList example (http:www.asp.netlearnmvctutorial-01-cs.aspx  ~35min 43s) strongly types the ID to Integer and this results in an error when 'foo' is passed in :o
LOL! 'C++ does not think, ever.' Great answer!
wolfie: no. I just tested and it leaks memory. Since PHP is Apache module, it gets returned to OS when Apache is restarted, which I don't do that often (any hosting company tries not to restart web server at all)
I think it's assumed in so much code that any implementation which didn't abide by it would very rapidly get tossed aside.
+1 If you are using some ridiculously complex iterator syntax, writing a foreach style macro can make your code much easier to read and maintain. I've done it, it works.
Right Right, This makes sense. I was a little confused as I had heard several different version numbers being thrown around. Thank you for your help.
Google says you're right but pissoir is what my french friends actually called it, on the few occasions that called for discussion. Of course, this was a sample of three from millions.
Yes, I may be wrong but I didn't think I'd need any authentication code as all I'm really trying to do here is 'jump' Controllers - from the LoginController to the StuffController
odd.. what's the column type form images.path ?
Now. This is a satisfying solution!
every time the program is closed all the data(File links) created by the user is lost,  You should solve THAT problem, quit messing with XML.  What do you mean the data created by the user is lost?  That's what's important.
I think you can alternatively do: if(c.Firm.Title, String.Empty)
When you create a device you will need to know the kind of device it is to hold a reference to it via the interface so you lose the power of the abstraction a little bit
The formatter in the WTP usually works pretty poorly for me - and I don't think there is any way to configure it like the regular Java formatter.
Thx, I just corrected it
To be fair to previous answers... I edited the OP heavily. The original version was so vague that it could easily have been interpreted as a question on writing a web browser UI, since the only source of information was the screenshot.
According to this https:connect.microsoft.comVisualStudiofeedbackViewFeedback.aspx?FeedbackID=361469 there is an issue and none of the workarounds work on 2008 x64.
I think he means run it on a big fat server and connect to that. (via RDP or the VMware console)
Mutable value type: System.Collections.Generics.List.Enumerator :(
S.Lott: Ordinary functions in Python are not that different. `def f(): return i` You don't know what `i` really is regardless function or lambda is considered.
David Hall  
Using a CAS would be a nice idea, something like OpenID or LiveID would have in hinesight been a much better idea, but we're down this road and now and we're stuck with the choices made
Browsed through this article on site point http:www.sitepoint.comprintxml-javascript-mozilla
I'm upvoting you for the same reason as Abyss.
Not all high level languages. Some do. Java does it well.
Verified, running this benchmark with the tests reversed and several times back to back results in a substantial performance gain (3129ms with reallocation vs. 5903ms for instantiation) after removing concatenation.
I agree, but note that a new array ( could be replaced by List<T> or some other IEnumerable ) is created for each yield.
My mistake! I meant XmlDocument. But since I can imagine a Twitter rss feed to become very large, I'd go - in this case - for an implementation using XPathDocument too.
Tomalak - I'm with you here...
LogMiner seems promising to me but it requires the creation of a mining database, a dictionary and redo logs, so a reconfiguration of the system is necessary. 
Well done on figuring out why the damn thing moves the window if you use any other window style than None. Kudos.
That's exactly what I mean.  There's probably a way to do it with the data source controls, but in the end they solve the easy case, well... easy and the harder cases you might as well just bind yourself.
Oh, I agree it is identical to the accepted answer; I'm just remarking on your point about entering - it is wider than that. btw, the downvote isn't from me, but since it matches the accepted, I'll +1 to even it out; so if you check you should be +8 up over all...
Sorry if the question is a bit unclear.
Thank you very much. Looks like I have some reading to do...
This site is supposed to be a repository for correct answers. Not answers that are almost correct.
That would be the ASP.Net preferred approach, but at a certain granularity on any type system, there are advantages to having client side control as well.
Actually, dynamic is the type of the variable.  The object's underlying type is some (static) CLR type.  It's only the method dispatch that's dynamic.
I do not believe this will work, when I was testing something similar the resource policy delegates were only called in response to user initiated actions, script initiates actions were silently dropped. it is possible this has changed since I checked back in June.
Explanation for Failed attempt 1 is dead on target. Still can't figure the other one.
I think he did mean StringBuilder, nothing else.
I'd like the input mechanism to be interactive so that it responds intuituvely to user input. Also, I may need to get some server-side information so I'd like to keep the AJAX door open. Thanks for your help!
The pools can be started manually through inetmgr...
Indeed, I'm pretty sure I would put the XOR logic into the code itself, and not in the regexp.
I'm wondering which situations those are, obviously typeinfo and initializerlist do have special meaning hard-coded into the compiler.
-- amd most browsers accept 'blank' as window-name to open a new browser-window (not all !-)
I tried using this, but I get a traceback.
Exactly right, it's a common idiom in most languages where ! is the negation operator with an implicit cast to boolean
But AJAX is actually for client development. Classic ASP is written in the markup so that combining javascript and jQuery calls with your code will be a piece of cake.
This is a very powerful technique. This also allows you to provide a HTTP interface to your program, useful for immediately making your app network accessible.
That's got to be the perl answer!
Are there performance considerations for what you are doing? IMHO the diff solution suggested by Glomek is the easiest approach. Also, keep in mind the overhead of generating the hashes. This many not be any more efficient than simply comparing the lines of text.
Thanks a lot, I'm currently starting to learn ANTLR for lexing and parsing.
Do you know that registry setting? I watched the PDC video about this, all I've found was one need to install the .msi. I kinda hoped it would install the registry key.
sker: Is there a range of Values for which you need the divisors.  There are many ways of calculating the factors, and each method is better suited to a particular range.
Here the state is maintained, but only in one execution of the program.
In this code the threads access f variable before the main thread has finished modifying it.
Had to mark back up since actually the poster is correct and Mr Stevenson-Leggett is mistaken
True enough, but this problem is well within the capabilities of regexes, and there are a great many implementations of those.
I would write two more classes that extend the singleton, and only change the DB credentials. The singleton is important because it essentially creates a global, so you only need to connect once to each DB.
What if e is smaller than head(l)? It could still be larger than the kth largest element, but would never get added to that list. You will need to sort the list of items in order for this to work, in ascending order.
Trying to write an XSLT to render the CAML as HTML sounds more painful than just writing a UI on top of a standard (i.e. non-CAML) XML (as I mention in the last paragraph of my question). What exactly is the point of CAML or does it solely exist to frustrate developers?
Well put. This pretty much describes exactly where we're at. We've got a legacy based CHUI system that looks very similar to those old mainframe bank applications or cash register applications. I've got my own opinions, and I'm trying to see if I'm in-line with the masses or out to lunch. Thanks!
you've gained nothing over a public member. You have gained link compatibility if the method isn't defined in the header, and you ever want to change the implementation beyond trivial access. Of course there's a fairly strong YAGNI there, but if you're writing a lib for binary distribution,
I've never heard of that layout before this morning. Makes me curious as to how many keyboard layouts there are
it's standard .net wcf.  should work in either
Do you need to search through the history of the repo? Or just the head?
That's for Vista - that's the version you should probably be using!!
Thanks, I was afraid of that. I'm working on building my template up now. The Show Me the Template link was very helpful.
Maybe he came from a VB background where Step really IS a keyword.
your last option seems like the best way to go about it if you want multicore builds - it is consistent and no wasted work.  Sorr that I can't help with details about it,
This is for WSS. I don't think a PowerShell script would do the job, since I have to perform the deletion from within an event receiver.
sk--I seem to recall seeing a blog that tested the JIT optimization of length() and proved it was true.
As far as I know Qwerty, Dvorak and Colemak are the only ones that really matter.
My WFH is a child of another WPF control in a tree that includes the main wpf window.  Dispose on the WFH is never called.
Ah, I had (falsely) assumed that either your chroot had everything in the same places as the typical system, or you were fixing up the environment first.  Lacking the setuidgid back shouldn't break this (although it would eliminate the security benefit to chrooting).
Ramesh Soni: you have edited the question, but you haven't provided any more information...
No it will not print, for ultimate compatibility, use rn
eyelidlessness - see my edit, eval can be used to change existing code!
Just glad I'm not working on that code.
I've added all the appropriate methods to support the many-to-many associations. I know this because I can add ClientContacts with owners. The problem is in the retrieval -as highlighted above.
this would be a reason against using the skip list.
Ah, your using Windows Forms, rather than Web Forms.
Kiwi, in response to your EDIT, I agree with Matthias Benkard's comments about the danger of slipping into an imperative style. If you want to be challenged, Haskell is a very good choice.
isn't in-order traversal for a bin tree as simple as: def func(node): func(left(node)); op(node); func(right(node))?
Well indeed, but strictly it's not guaranteed if you're being really standards correct. (P.S. I have seen platforms where this is the case, but the compilers would choke on that code anyway ;) )
Alnitak, OK, I dug up a talk that explains all sorts of REQUEST attacks more eloquently than I. :) http:www.slideshare.netZendConlesser-known-security-problems-in-php-applications-presentation
Matt, Thanks for the reply - this does fix the problem. However, the stylesheets are included in the jar file and so this solution would not work once the whole thing is packaged up.
>>forget about it
NM are generic control notifications that are not control type specific. I parse it usually as Notification Message.
Doesn't appear to fix it.
No false positives and no false negatives is a lot to ask for.  What if I make a page at http:google.rs.mydomain.comhi?
I was about to suggest the same thing, but the question indicates that he wants to see whether the currently loaded page is cached, if you fire an XHR off, then that would be indicative of the next request, not the current one.
Wish I had 100 reputation points so I could vote this answer down
I hope that didn't sound too harsh... what I should say is that once you're query is local, you can add your where clause (but that's LINQ to Objects - and that's local, not at the DB level).
Yeah, good suggestion. Probably a teeny bit more efficient that my (admittedly generic) solution.
Yes, I took a previously 16colour bit map and converted it using visual studio. As per the Create, I followed your instructions exactly with the exception : 
not really... in my real application those textboxes are usually enabled and used for input, and only under certain conditions they get disabled with JavaScript
This is definitely programming related.  It might not have a code-sample answer, but it's related and should stay open.
How is RSS replacing NNTP? They are completely different... aren't they?
But if only 2-3 of records are true (like isSpecialCustomerFlag)  then an index will speed up those retrieve Special Customer queries enormously...
Yes this too might work, however I was not able to chain searches from Eclipse.
Thanks eyelidlessness ;)
Descriptive answer. Most of the other answers are also correct. Thanks everyone
Allthough the messages appear in the Warings List in Visual Studio it is not possible to click on a waring to jump to the source code location.
yesraaj: pointervaluesequal is an aggregate (no private data, bases, virtual functions, constructors), so it can be initialised using  (array-style) initialisation.
Good answer. Actually, for the customer fixed pay is always better, because if you take longer, he doesn't need to pay more, and if your estimation is good enough, you'll actually have a happy customer in less time that you were paid for.
IEE 754 64-bit doubles only have about 18 digits precision anyway so, if you get up into numbers where multiplying by 1000 will cause overflow (about 10^304), you can be certain that there are zero decimals in the representation.
The users need to be able to print the contents of the popup, which rules out anything that uses a faux-popup, like that module.
I don't know the why of it.  I just know it because I already have my idiot certification.
Yeah, I have being doing this. But this is not much practical, unfortunately. I'll read the article you recommended.
Average is a key point it might take 100 :)
thanks! I  do need two use cases one for each work. so what I did is a extend b and c extend b.. because both a and c has common B.  
Glad to help! Just remember that the agile practices are tools which can be used to solve specific problems. It's good to try them all out and see which ones help - but ultimately you're delivering software - not following a methodology
Java 6. I get red squigglies in NetBeans, and I just got the same error when I tried it from the command line.
Yah, I realized that after posting and edited my answer to specify jQuery. :)
Charles: as I understand it, that would require recompiling the execution plan with respect to the given value of UserID.  Otherwise the optimizer may not be able to assume it can use the index.
Can you give a layout as you want it, using correct1, correct2 and wrong1 wrong2 etc. for the items in each list?
Nope. SQL CE can hold up to 1024, and it does amazingly well with table direct.  Way faster (as in order of magnitude) than a full-blown SQL Server on teh same local box.  It's also way, way easier to deploy.
funny, I sware that didn't work on a pc once. working now though! thanks! The c is still helpful for things that arent in the default path though...
While that would work, I'd like to do this in Objective-C if possible.
Weird. When I first posted my previous comment, it ended up in the comments for the question.
Thanks for the clarification; I'd assumed you were using x86.  But unless you're going to be scripting GDB across multiple architectures, I don't see a good reason not to use print g0, which doesn't have any side effects (unlike the other answers).
Please explain why <a href=mypage.html onclick=... is discouraged.  Such statements need reasons attached.
I think I will go the way you propose. I only need to find out how to decompile vmlinuz (I can not be sure if kernel itself is i386 or i686 version).
Yet what if the user opens two tabs for the same page?
As a suggestion I think for greater robustness you need to treat all the operations as the equivalent of an SQL transaction.  For example, what happens to the overall dictionary state in Add(), if the firstToSecond.Add() throws an exception?
I'm not saying that you need to use a J2EE app server to use any of these technologies, just making the point that there's more to J2EE than EJB, Servlets and EAR.
As a matter of fact there is, but this is not a programming question, an thus, does not belong on Stack Overflow
i wanted to thank you all for brainstorming with me and working around the freakin' Microsoft mislead. and thank you tsilb...
note: I have tried multiple combinations, looked online (including connectionstrings.com), but none of them worked.
Thanks, that solved it!
Now you have your answer... and it was echo 2 times :)
After reading the requirements my first thought was lisp also. It'll help you write your own AI functions just in the way the language works, but as for libraries, might not be the best choice.
schwa: look like crap?  The widgets or the code that implements the application?
ah hmm, i'm pretty sure not. the problem being an element can be floated, or positioned, but not both. until they develop some sort of float: center idea...
Nice job!  Didn't try it though... You copied the string key in the ArgumentNullException for value  ;)
Thanks for the detailed link.
That's nice! You should put it up on Google Code or CodePlex so I can send you some patches :-) I promise it'll be readable :-P
stringstream is not C related.
Indeed. But it looks like generics as implemented in Delphi 2009 are not what I hoped they would be.
I tried doing that, but still I couldn't get it working. The manifest file generated showed dependencies to both 8.0.50608.0 and 8.0.50727.762. Could this be because of some libraries were compiled with dependencies to 8.0.50727.762?
In real life, the time value is different every iteration of the loop (from a db).  I just simplified the code for the example,
My bad, I forgot to include the link.
Also, CSV to me means comma-separated values, with one record on each line.  This looks more like HTML with some extra information at the front, but not a true CSV.
I don't think that just because it is in the framework it is OK.  The framework is great, but it isn't flawless.  It's great advice to say that you should never do things that may fail in a constructor.  But yes, constructors should be allowed to throw exceptions in the case of invalid data, IMHO.
Perl compiles, then runs.
What does it mean to have shape and be invisible?
Yes, a new line for every major keyword, nested sections indented. I don't like all the scrolling up and down when long lists of column names are on separate rows. I want to see as much as possible on one screen.
I understand the reason for noscript, and I wasn't looking for whether or why it was displayed, but whether it was available to the DOM. When viewing my rendered source using Web Developer, I see the element is still there, thus my question as to whether it was available to target.
To be clear, your headers should contain Content-type: textcss
You'll likely get better answers if you explain what Winsplit Revolution does. The Mac OS X experts, more-or-less by definition, won't already know.
Thank you.  I added xmlns:local=clr-namespace:PageManager and it's templating the nodes on the tree now.  But I still only get a tree two levels deep.
See related question: http:stackoverflow.comquestions269523how-do-i-use-a-wpf-treeview-hierarchicaldatatemplate-with-linq-to-entities273535
I'm not using MVC, so I don't have that assembly referenced. Do I need to download the MVC assembly separately to be able to use IgnoreRoute, or should it be part of .NET 3.5 SP1?
I think people who say arrow mean this: ->
sometimes even weeks!
I also disagree because Winsplit can be used to set window sizes and locations with a single keystroke once configured.  Since OS X doesn't always open windows where I like them, a Winsplit clone would allow me to  put my windows where I want them.
Outdated?  You should've seen the 20-pound resistors we used in my undergrad EE lab!  At least Ohm's law hasn't changed.  Yet.
Could you add some links to these documents you did find? I would like to have a look at those.
Calling aptitude install libssl-dev gives me this error (since I'm on a shared host and thus have limited access): 
I meant that in FF3, JavaScript can no longer access the path in the file input field. Something you could do in FF2.
The problem I'm trying to solve is to know wtf memcache and the application are doing Are the keys expiring to soon and or are there more sets then gets
Amiga DOS was the last OS I looked at that didn't clean up behind processes.  Be aware, though, that System V IPC shared memory can be left around even if no process is using it.
Need to add the platform to the question (and preferably to the title as well) to get a good answer.
Think he wanted starts with 0s OR ends with 0s... yours requires a 0 at start and end.
I am sorry - this is my first question on the site, and I saw many other vmware usage questions in the search, so I assumed it was a legitimate question. If it isn't I will avoid questions like this in the future.
Helpful but still doesn't solve the problem of not requiring a postback.
why the loop aversion?
Naming the function instead of allowing it to refer to itself via arguments.callee is way cleaner? LOL - I think this is somewhat subjective, to be honest. :)
sep61: if it did not, there would be no reason for TCP to use PMTUD. Discovering the PMTU has a cost, but the implementors of TCP felt the benefits justfied the costs.
It doesn't have code highlight. Or at least I wasn't able to find it.
Declaring the fields as static was the problem. 10ks for helping.
I'm Using Netbean 6.1 , so MySql is include from there.
and this is the first thing i thought, but the question said in my app :)
How does this address the whitespace and case requirement.
+1 to WPF support for animations. Wayyy simpler than multi-threading in Winforms
You can do much the same trick with VS6, as I recall you basically do something like: msdev.exe solution.sln - the msdev.exe being the same as the visual studio app
Very interesting article by the way
How about updating your question to describe your use case.  What do you want to do? What do you want the system to do in response? The pictures are just pictures, and -- obviously -- hard to interpret into a use case.  Don't say what you don't want.  Say what you want.
maybe the post will attract more readers due to the minus reps. then the goal is met too :)
Can you please advise where I can get the Document dll from?
OK, thanks guys. Is there a sample of a function to do exactly what I want, i.e. obtain a seller id from an auction number? I am not a programmer as such and need this for a database thing.
(1) making my own control because otherwise it would be too much hacking the default ones, (2) that way i would not be stuck with the constrains of the defaults ones. (3) integration with the themes would be broken (some parts would not have its equivalent, or half implemented themes)
As has been said before, I don't think it's elitism at fault here.  XCode and all the rest of the development tools (with the exception of low-level items such as GCC) are written in Cocoa, as are all the iPhone frameworks.  They'd need to port all this to other OSs first.  That's no small task.
Any chance you could post your RDL?
I would agree with both these comments. Snow Crash does seem a little dated now, but was really quite a long way ahead of its time - this was before Google Earth and before Second Life. Cryptonomicon is hands down a better book imho, and will date less quickly. Diamond Age is not aging yet.
This collapses the group, but how do I get the Plus and minus signs? The group loads collapsed, but I can't expand it.
oops.  I have it and like it.  Sorry about the bad link
Oh, bad mistake. Didn't think of that...
Thanks! This is exactly the kind of example I was looking for to get me started. (Now why didn't I find that the last N times I tried to google myself and answer?)
No.  Our AD policy is that users cannot modify their own AD user account details (rightly or wrongly).  We take data from our HR system and upload it into AD, and the employee it is the PK, so it has to be right.
if you have very long nested if's, then this kind of comments is just a little duct tape instead of a real fix (that is, extracting methods and such)
2-1 would equal 1 not zero.
unfortunately, i tried the same with gcc trunk's c++1x std::bind, and it failed because it doesn't have the op< for bind. dunno however whether what c++1x says about this. probably it tells you to use lambda for that :)
Note that this can be slow on large data volumes and the solution described by kristof below is more efficient.
Just to be picky, I can safely say that there is no such beast as an absolute filename. Every filename is relative to some context. the filename c:dos.ini does not represent the same file on your machine and mine.
1.3 GB? are u sure it is on .NET CF
I think len >= 1024 && ... will be better, but its a detail.
It's not an O(n) space requirement.  It's an O(N) additional space requirement, where N is how many things you actually need to sort.  I'm guessing N is small wrt n.
I wouldn't use the ignore case flag in this particular case.  Testing could reveal that the P and the O should be capital, and the box should be either case.  Using regex syntax is more flexible to change.
Yes, you can do similar things in PHP but since I don't really know PHP I wouldn't be able to give a good example.
They even support currying!
Unsure of whether to vote this up or not as it is a good point, but doesn't answer the question asked ...
Tom, how about define WARN(r,s) do  if (WARNENAB) r = WARN2(s) else r = 0;  while (false) if WARN2 would normally return 0 if warnings are disabled?
Yes but using shellexecute it says i need more than one parameter, the parameters could be different depending on what command they want to run. I want it to work for every command such as cmd, msconfig, dxdiag, etc.
Even though randin is using the term SQL incorrectly, I think that change would be against the spirit of peer editing.
Curiously, which exception do you trawl for in your event Handlers?
I was under the impression (from public MSDN blogs) that it was destined to be a core part of .NET 4.0 itself.
I agree with JesDaw. Comments may not be necessary to understand your code, but could help the next schlep who came along to more quickly understand it. I don't want to have to sit and study someone else's code in order to maintain it if a couple of comments would make it instantly clear.
how does code within findreplacements() see allVars unless you global it?
It does work at the cost of the explicit conversion. Is there any other alternative? The conversion to PAnsiChar is explained on my reply below.
Cheers, works like a dream!
too easy ;-) Thanks
I do think comments are a bit second-class citizens at present. But, this is getting off topic for this question :-P
Ben - good point. I primarily use grouped tables but as you mention plain tables don't suffer from any of these problems.
Might as well make it equivalent in format to a Java Properties file and use equals instead of comma.
Have you tried stepping intoor over the strcat() call in a debugger?  What's getting passed to it?
Thank you! That cleared things up quite a bit. I made the dumb mistake of assuming i need two while loops or two functions, when I can just have one while loop and call it twice. Appreciate the help!
Voting up, but personally  would use atoi(char) instead of the std::istringstream.
hmm. So you're saying it's an ICollection, and it's read-only, but it's not a ReadOnlyCollection. : How inconvenient...
In that case I'll let you off the function definitions, but even a beginner's course should be clear on the difference between a class declaration and a class definition, and that header files frequently contain class definitions.
Ooh: good point lax.  I (and at least three others) assumed the former, but now that I see it spelled out the latter seems more likely.
POSIX says: All of the file descriptors, directory streams, conversion descriptors, and message catalog descriptors open in the calling process shall be closed [by exit(), exit(), Exit()].  But that still applies to hosted implementations - not to embedded, necessarily.
How should I test for equality?
Also, stuck! is not very descriptive.  Show more code and what exactly is going wrong.
i think this is the winner! i'll try it out right now
After reading this response (and linking my boss to about a dozen reasons why excel is bad for this), I've convinced management to not rely on it. I already had an array of output options so this isn't critical.
Tom: Hint: How many people can broadcast to the world without the whole system melting down?
Last release supports GtkBuilder, but there is no UI for turning it onoff.
Of course that make sense.....but how would i do it then when all 3 of my text boxes and buttons are on 1 page? I need to know what text box to set the focus depending on where the user is on the current page.
it's a native code application so it can't be done this way.
Being pedantic: you need 64bit Windows (or a server version) to use more than 3(+a bit) GB. Other 32bit OSes can handle up to 64GB of RAM, desktop Windows versions are artificially limited.
Casper thank you!
I am not sure that your question is clear (at least not for me).
Now i am trying the same code u posted .but i got the unsupported media type
Joel, Thanks for your reply, but since we need to use those PKs in FKs, GUIDs are a little more cumbersome to work with for our purpose. Now, I would totally agree that we should have 3 keys: internal (int), business, and of course, the GUID for disconnected needs.
Michiel: try this in FF3
Yes, but that does not work.
You can't assume there is a TOP 1 (or any equivalent) in an arbitrary version of SQL, so SELECT MAX is generally safer. If that results in large reads, then better indexing is required. A logical index would be a compound index on updated and timestamp.
I think that your Edit says it all... In almost all situations (that I have come across) there is a way to replace a cursor with a better performing set based situation. You say no-brainer, but you understand the diff.
Can we use the code in extensionoverflow on CodePlex?
Sprites don't get enough love. Nicely played.
What category is the activity chart under in Visio? And what version of Visio are you running?
I was thinking... and maybe I'm wrong that there might be frameworks that generate the proxy object at run time and have code that also addresses some cross-cutting concern.
in php there is a function called striptags() maybe you have something similar
You never know what a given password protects; expect users to reuse passwords for their bank on your toy web app. Even if your staff is trustworthy (even if it's just YOU), you can't rule out the possibility of an external attacker getting at your password database.
Makes sense, thanks
Yes I use SQL Developer too, but I though it only supported Oracle and Access... are there plugins or something like that?
INSERT IGNORE is the best answer, but REPLACE (http:dev.mysql.comdocrefman5.0enreplace.html) is also an option if you want to reinsert the row for some reason (maybe a timestamp trigger or something).
Apparently.  I work for a direct marketing company so work a lot with address correction and standardization.  Did you find something that worked for you?
my collection derives from Collection<> which if memory serves me correct implements IEnumerable<>.
aren't you supposed to wait for Jon Skeet to answer every question first? ;-)
thank you very much, I need LIMIT to get proper items (answers) or i sholdn' do that?
Thanks for the feedback.  I was thinking maybe I could add a new property to deal with the blob field and extend the partial class to stream the binary data to the database separate from Linq.  Then the developer using the class won't be able to tell the difference.
This is an excellent and well detailed response. Wish I could vote for it more than once!
Not sure that will work; see my second post for why (it was too long to fit in a comment sensibly)
It's OK. I can do some helper method for this technique.
What is wrong?
yep that did it, thanks
What does your program print out on AIX then?
Florin, I understand you.  
gbjbaanb : it depends how deep the relationship heirarchy goes. It might not just be columns in a single table, but a sequence of joins to other tables.
Wow thanks a lot, glad I decided to ask here rather than trying to tackle it myself
thanks! that unattended-upgrades utility was nice.
This approach would be perfect as all I need to ensure then is that I don't have Caps Lock on when I enter vim from another window.
Very good suggestion. It's easy enough to actually implement and would probably work pretty good.
Both of these solutions seem to require recompiling the library in question.
These are marks of a good SQL developer, but I don't think they're sufficient to distinguish a great developer.
And, as with most things ... it depends. Various architectural and fuzzy reasons might convince one to write code on the DB that would be more appropriate on another layer, and those are times when these advanced DB features are useful.
Actually, Greenfoot, by the same people, is perfect for an 8 year old.
It should be Close destHandle not Close destHandle, for example.
Response.Write is going to call ToString on the object anyway when it writes it to the response stream.
Using cmd.AddWithValue(id, employee.ID); is much terser.
This was the most recent solution I used - a simple windows scheduled task that ran a wget on the page. Glad to know it makes sense to someone else too.
ragu: My thanks!
Hello gabr! Didn't know you were still around, and I see you're especially active on StackOverflow. I've used your GbProfile very happily for almost 10 years with Delphi 4. Great product, and very advanced for the time.
well it seems that i was making so much changes that i missed this
Tomalak is correct, t.form would be better.
Well, here's Google's take on it: http:code.google.comapisopensocialarticlespersistence-0.8.htmlrestrictions-quotas -- Typical Opensocial quotas are around 10K.
Add some Xp Audio script links. May be they can help...
Vinko: I live in the one part of the US that would have to be given back to France, so I'm OK with your idea. I would at least be a theoretical neighbor of The Holland.
Josh, ah that's sweet too!
I'm actually loading the JNI library as it works with no pb.
Has that something to do this the numeric pad on keyboards (wenn NUM-LOCK is off)? There is a similar question regarding C here: http:stackoverflow.comquestions206608how-do-i-detect-a-numberdecimalseparator-in-a-keydown-event-c
+1 for the groovy Carmack reference!
I suppose it depends on whether a mod op or a mult op is faster on your system.
You could also say that they stick with what has been proven to work well, rather than changing things and breaking compatibility. .tar.gz can be done in a single step regardless just like so-called modern tools and techniques (Please Register WinZip).
Yep, I'd go for warning You need to implement DEPRECATED for this compiler, or some such. If that's impossible, then the porter can define DEPRECATED(FUNC) FUNC, and live without it.
Don't forget to clear them both, too. :)
Ok. Added in the additional criteria just for completeness :-P
I don't think it's to do with mono at all, but rather the API's which get exposed by the underlying OS on the phone. If apple provided a the phone rang notification, then you could do it in objcmonoetc... If they don't (and I'm pretty sure this is the case) you're outta luck
Till, thanks for showing me the jsondecode function! This is way easier to get up and running than the XML parsing libraries I've tried.
well if you're going to be adding extra markup, why not just put a class on the first row of each tbody?
I've added `language-agnostic` tag and deleted `unix`.
Big Denorm is interesting.  Our problem is we are an ASP and the project databases are giant.  It's really the only way we could partition this much data.  It also allows us to archive the entire database.  But if you have a better pattern, I'm all ears.
Making structs with mutable members is risky.  Either use a class, or mark the fields as 'readonly'.
Actually they are type 7 files (they're created by a Win32 application we wrote and I checked the source). Microsoft Office Document Imaging opens them fine, but other Microsoft tools can't handle them (e.g. Paint or Windows Picture and Fax Viewer.
Strange question... yes.
this represents what object?
no coryan. dynamiccast would be worse. since readers would think GetVar could return MyVarBase, which would be wrong
public ActionResult AdvancedSearch(SearchBag searchBag) 
Public fields are the devil's spawn in .NET. They break everything.  EVERYTHING I TELL YOU!
Almost works, removes <b> as well as <b><b>, but leaves <b> <b> (with a space in the middle). Good enough for me. Thanks !
i use webservice through standard webrefrence in visual studio project. i cannot find the setting you're speaking of. in sounds & notifications i cannot find any options for third party programs. i'm using windows mobile 6.
I already looked at Detours, but it lacks a GUI.
Thanks, Pat!!!  Holy crap, I can't believe I haven't heard of Moose yet.  I love it.
RE 2: Well, if one exists, I would certainly take a look at it!
Please use get rows.  http:www.w3schools.comadometrsgetrows.asp  It will dump the whole record set into an array and you don't have to do a loop connected to the database
That's probably where I read about my answer!
But I was using C - p not p -c ...
You could always use strtoint(copy(inttostr(num), 1, length(inttostr(num) - 3) + '000')). No apologies for the delphi syntax. More seriously, he could quite seriously need to optimize this, just don't do it without profiling first.
AVG? Malware? That's an odd definition.
That's because the framework has been out there bigtime but in flux.  Lots of demos and info, but probably 80 has changed since preview 1.
Same here, I understand you!
Well, ColdFusion 5 precludes the possibility of using a CFC, but otherwise you're right.
Even new readers aren't guaranteed to pick up the change, ever. Without specifying a barrier, a write doesn't have to be flushed to main memory where it's visible to other threads. You might never encounter the bug in tests. When it offers a cheap guarantee of safety, why not use volatile?
when did i miss them adding a built-in KVP to the framework... gee, I feel dumb.
Like I said before, try removing masterpage header and see if that works. Sadly, you will have to break things into part to find the problem.
Not heard of it but I will certainly check it out, thanks
you forgot to add const to your second example
Strongly suggest Twisted (or Kamaelia) over the others. It knows how to integrate with UI mainloops used in desktop applications.
Also, see my answer, like will not match on trailing spaces in an out-of-the-box sql 2005 installation.
The full potential of buffers is the direct-buffers and the ability to change data representations easily. You can use ByteArray.asTYPE() to on-the-fly convert bytes to numbers or strings. You can also change the byte order as well.
Shmeh, 'twas just an offer.  Scorn it if you will.
Interesting. In that case, I suppose it makes no difference whether synthesized properties are used or not.  I edited my post to reflect this.
A byte size of 0 would optimize your per-packet speed, but would be sub-optimal for overall transfer time.
Fair enough. I want to adjust the height of the tableview according to the number of rows it contains. When it hits a certain limit (let's say 10 rows), I will allow it to scroll, but for rows 1-9, I just want it to grow taller on the screen.
It will stay in memory for the length of time that there are things (buttons) with the event. There is a way of un-subscribing once-only delegates, which I'll add to the post.
the OnProgress callback isn't useful to me - I'd still have to write 100 different functions, one for each of the 100 lines of code.
yes, this is exactly what I would like us to do.
No, position is static by default - so you can't use left or top. Also, your logo div + the 4 images is too wide for 800px, so they're wrapping
That is exactly the point I was asking about - as vincent points out you also need the libraries on which the referenced libraries depend.
I will answer with another question.
CVS isn't great by today's standards (SVN addresses most of its limitations), but it's vasty superior to VSS in terms of robustness, performance, security, portability, feature set and just about every other worthwhile metric.
Yes I'm using SWObject. And the problem exists only in FireFox. (3.x in my case)
No I understand fully, but your answer doesn't help the guy who asked the original question and the whole point is to help those who ask questions.
No, your application values from 0 to 2^32 - 1  would map to the database values of  - 2^31 - + 2^31 - 1
Thanks Time. I'm trying to use this, however, C keeps telling me all the backslashes are unrecognized escape sequences. Throwing an  in there doesn't help either. Do you know what's going on?
Let's say function works for 125 and crashes for 12234235345. Would you spend time making sure it throws ArgumentException instead of crashing? 
I guess I have to do what I really didn't want to do: write code that uses findwindow and sendmessage to automatically open that dialog underneath my running form. WM is still the land of the hacks.
It's the  rule causing problems. Good catch!
Warning in what page that is mine?
Mark: Thanks for fixing the title. I can't believe I didn't see that! :-)
Actually depending on where your solution is deployed, you may be limited to only one of those 2 choices. While you can always use the web service option, the object model is only available if your solution is running on the sharepoint server.
This might help: http:www.drbob42.comKylixBizSnap1.htm
You will be told at compile time if you aren't implementing a method from an interface though.  My point about the implicit nature of VB is that it can cause mischief at runtime.  I'd prefer the compiler telling me about an illegal conversion rather than get a runtime exception.
I don't want it displayed because I wish it to be a part of the information that is displayed from ajax, as a result of clicking on a row.
You can have the data type of the parameter as 'Boolean' which will render your parameter as radio button
And probably declare it final to make your intent absolutely clear.
Hi Aaron,
You probably know about this already, but given the example you've provided, you may have equivalent results by simple executing the query:
Re. second comment: this would not duplicate anything other than the plugin .dlls. It copies them to the Core bin, not the Core binaries to the plugin path.
It isn't my job to code and debug...
really, what's the code that follows this???
+1 for the sub directories.  With ext[23] the number of files in a single directory increases it can get pretty slow.
Or put a backslash in front of the underscore.
+1 for sequencing.  If the document is the order for donuts, you can still hit the Live-lockstarvation as a consequence of race conditions.
Smelling as it is, I'd like to see the alternatives :)
That would almost work except for the cases where the shortcut is in a zip file (I would assume, I haven't tested this) or where all I have is it as a byte buffer.
Use a regular window and have the status menudock menu item's action order the window in. When you're done with it, order it out. If you want it to disappear if the user clicks somewhere else, add applicationDidResignActive to your app delegate and order it out there too.
Hmm, looks very similar to Versions. Unfortunately they both don't have diff viewers.
of course, the converse is often true too... using a full library for trivial javascript tasks that are inherently cross-browser-portable is often overkill.
No but it makes benign users less likely to do so, I added some ideas for further reducing the problem.
I too got used to it, in my case the Swedish layout. Pretty close to the German one with alt-7 for , but with the y and z at the same place as the English one. I hve tried the international but thought it was more trouble than it was worth.
Django already is generic.  Writing more generic stuff on top of Django is a bit too much genericity.  My recommendation is to simply implement your application, avoiding over-generalization an already generic framework.
I'm using this in a web application, so I don't have direct access to the session (it is handled by the unit of work).
reserved only in std:: and ::. I don't quite understand that, since you can't add symbols to std:: anyway (that is, the entire namespace is reserved for the implementation).
Just note: In C there is Double.Epsilon constant that represents epsilon value for the double datatype.
Thanks this led me to the correct answer. +1
OK, code was wrong and was incomplete.
As far as I know, they are similar to ArrayLists in that they double their size each time.  The amortized time of this operation is constant.  It isn't as big of a performance hit as you would think.
Yeah, this is much nicer than my effort. Add the ToArray() and it's 100 there.
hmmm....TFS is doing that somehow if you run TFSBuild stop command...:)
+1 for supporting not allowing windows to steal the focus.  I hate when that happens when I'm typing in a document.
That looks like a very similar question, although more general in that I'm specifically asking about gdb (although I'd be happy with anything).
And asking questions that could easily be answered via a Wiki search does?
You're much more likely to get upvotes if you give some direct links as opposed to a generic search for.
I would use this list, since it maps perfectly to log4net's levels. Don't invent your own wheel when there is one working perfectly enough. One vote from me!
Indeed. That is the best way.
+1 for the excellent index advice, -0.5 for suggesting NOLOCK; it'll just encourage using it all the time. Better to tune the indexing schemes to lower records read than even trying the UNCOMMITED route.
You tell the higher body that you can't perform miracles.
It is no longer C-style strings in that case, but a new kind of object.
Just pull the plug :-) See also http:en.wikipedia.orgwikiSTONITH
Yeah, but it works for sure under MSVC, which is what the OP was trying to get his code working under. I've been using it myself for years.
you cannot beat haskell: print [ a:b:c:d:[]  let q = ['a' .. 'z'], a <- q, b <- q, c <- q, d <- q ]
I updated my answer re your edit (byte[] vs string)
eJames - it is marked as accepted. I marked it such as soon as I read it.
I down-voted it because I didn't get your question (before edit). I have been programming in .Net since 2001, so if I don't get it then a lot of other people won't get it. I judged this to be a poor question. With your edit I canceled my down-vote. It would seem my down-vote did some good.
Federico, that (naive) C version will remove all CR characters, not just those in a CR-LF pair. But I guess that's why you called it naive. :-)
The plot thickens. It seems to only do this unindenting if I hit enter after the first or second item in the list.
Sorry for late acceptance of this, but I simply overlooked your answer.
Even with cache control + ET tag a new user will have to download 30kb of data.
The CTRL-C, CTRL-V with no selection to copy a line is nice, didn't know that one, thanks.
Matt, or the canonical 0xDEADBEEF.
+1, I was writting an answer in these lines, but not close to this post
This looks more C-like.. Are we using the right tool for the right job? I am a novice in awk and can't think of any straight forward solutions though..
simple and effective
While writing this question I may have found the answer.  I haven't tested yet, though, and I'll vote people up and accept a good answer for a chance for someone else to score some rep.  If I feel I have something to add, I'll post my answer and people can vote up or down as they feel.
you will be creating too many variables in sql, not to mention tons of control of flow statments that will make it pretty messy don't you think?
http:dl.getdropbox.comu5910Jing2008-11-242018.png you can try it at http:apps.komola.degmaps.htm the geolocation is english on the english browser..
BlooP is a great example. Also see FlooP (same link), the Turing-complete version with Free (unbounded) loops.
innerHTML doesn't execute code in <'script> tags
litb, please elaborate. I presume that you're misunderstanding a passage that doesn't apply to explicit constructor invocation through `placement new` because the destructor is most definitely not called automatically but has to be called manually (see update to my posting).
I thought I was special for doing this -- glad I'm not the only one!
Have you tried the 10 or so lines of code to try this?
A lot of people, including the famous Dino Esposito (and me too in fact) would argue that UpdatePanel (or Partial Rendering as the underlying technique actually is called) is exactly the opposite of real Ajax...
In all honesty I am so new to OO php that it hurts! Thanks for the help!
You need to get value by reference, so it needs to be function useDefault(&value, default = '')
Nope, just large amounts of data arriving adhoc as excel or easily, 'excellable'
How about going to checkout module? I'd forgotten this but there is a place to enter the CVSROOT there, which I believe applies to the code you go on to check out. Not sure if you can set it retrospectively on already check out code though.
Removing the entry for the item just causes its predecessor to fail. If I remove all of them, then it doesn't open the whole project. Could it be something to do with the fact that the Solution Items guid isn't repeated later in the .sln file?
Even if you don't have developers, you can a) donate to the project, b) advertise or simply mention the project on blogsnews pages etc c) be active on the project's forum (helping other users, sharing info) d) improving project's documentation... There are many ways to contribute!
Not if the client it properly checking the server's SSL key.
Ah, sorry about that. Glad you figured it out.
Which is logically equivalent to:  if(radButton1.checked == false  (radButton2.checked == false)  ...   Moral of the story, it's important to realize the difference between OR () and AND (&&).
It does it by many different methods though, but I just wanted to simplify to find a generic solution.
Neither runtime exceptions which are most of the times GoodProgrammerExpected exceptions!!!
I think this will return whatever the server thinks the file type is (which will probably be ok), whereas I need a method that determines the same file type no matter what server it runs on.
Oooh ... clever!  Use a known sequence to generate unique numbers and deterministically manipulate them.  Replace XOR with encrypt for better randomness.
When I google Restful Authentication I find a dozen RoR plugins.  I'm assuming those are NOT what you're looking for.  If not RoR, then what language?  What web server?
how do you free it?
Getting working implementations in Java is the easy part - they're out there. The hard bit was actually formatting the output in a format that is required.
If you dont want to help let it be. But pleae dont make stupid comments.
I see kronoz, it's true. Now I see your point. However, I think it's not worth it to complicate the code too much just to write shorter names. But maybe it's just me! Anyways, the question is interesting, I will keep an eye on it and post again if I come up with something!
I'd say it's worth knowing about, for that very rare situation where the heap is too slow and you know an upper bound on N and your own stack usage such that the array will fit. Not the go-to solution by any means, but it is what was asked for...
But swing components use external resources (eg window handles I gues), what about them ?
It's worth noting that in some cases you have no choice, for example JavaME.
Well, shouldn't there be a way of supressing the exceptions that is thrown from a child process?
Also IPC resources like semaphores and shared memory.  http:uw714doc.sco.comenSDKsysprogGettingSemaphores.htmlipci8
Took out the 'ai' tag.  How is it AI related?  If it is, reput the tag; this is more of a request for information.
At least some of the time, the structures you need are already defined---and in a way that is locally correct----in a set of API headers somewhere. This is common for OS services, etc.
The coolest thing about Haskell is that the things you mentioned are only the tip of the iceberg! It gets better from there.
I'm also not using the view state for these controls, they are generated on every page load as the data changes with 90 of postbacks, no need to persist in this situation.
Hi Ben, these are standard UITableViewCell cells. I haven't done any subclassing for complex cells. The line does move with the cell and it's only in one cell, for Jane Aba. My other fictitious characters do not have the strike through.
+1 for common sense: sometimes there is no need to complicate things with asynchronous patterns.
My reason is that coming from ASP.Net I'm new to what can be done with decent data binding and I'm not sure where it's limits are.  I'll have a play with AutoGenerateColumns, thanks.
Gamecat - to overwrite any structure, you would probably need to use unsafe code and simply write over it... the question would be: why?
I see, so actively looking for strings that match what I'm trying to avoid,, then taking the opposite.  I can't think of why that wouldn't work...
You most probably also need a variable which stores the size of a.
I don't understand why you are needing to enforce anything. These implementers are implementing the receiving side of something here, no? Is not your code going to be the one sending the value in this parameter? If not then your question isn't very clear to me.
More than YUI? Good luck with that :p
How do you implement the tagging?  Are you using this hacked memcached http:code.google.compmemcached-tag or are you doing it in your app?  Can you post an example?
The old joke is that the unix tool rm would convert your obsolete Fortran programs into free disk blocks that you could use to write it correctly.
Great minds think alike.
I would love to hear why that got down-voted... seems a pretty decent side-point to me; only applies to properties, but avoids the need for either Reflection.Emit or Expression...
Virtual Machines or not, we'd need appropriate capacities and installations. Especially on developer machines using a gig of RAM just to test a couple of thing seems a bit ridiculous to me. There is no real need in several servers in terms of performance, so I'd like to implement this in one server.
Then I get an undefined index articleno error
but BLOB isn't good for performance. You get overhead of running PHP, MySQL, and you'll have to write support for HTTP cache validation, otherwise browsers will needlessly keep re-downloading avatars.
What about your previous statement: if I change it to just tblAuction which is the table and not a query, I get this error: 800a0005': Invalid procedure call or argument
+1 great but it's written in the website that it's unstable so I might consider something else.
(as the assignment says your constructor should look like  ListNode(int v, ListNode  j), you  would have to pass 0 explicitly (as in new ListNode(42, 0)). can't default it to 0 then)
I'm using report view.  I can set the width of the list control to the sum of my column widths, but then it's not wide enough to accommodate the scrollbar when it appears.  I can make it wider, but then without the scrollbar I have an ugly grey rectangle on the end of my headings row.
Well, I'd say that exactly because programmers don't understand the business side very well, they should work close together with those who don't. A well run project needs the business side and the technical side to be in line. Agile approaches accomplish that.
i agree this is better with line[2] == 0 instead of a rfind
Good point about metrics causing organizational dysfunction.
This device is an abomination and has no place in today's world of high-speed large-address-space computers. Sure, it's cool, in a nerdy sort of way, but incredibly unnecessary.
The issue is how do you get good estimates out of people when they know that management wants a positive response.   A prediction market can be a good way to get at the real knowledge of the team in a non-threatening way.
I imagined these sort of things had been replaced already, but that just goes to show how wrong I was, thanks for the news !
Actually i am trying to modify the code given in teh thread 'How to run a loop of queries in access' so i would follow this cod e by a condition like
BTW: I only think it's ugly because it's smooshed together.
I really do mean micromanaging in terms of actually interfering with getting the work done, and requesting exact hours for specific tasks that you simply don't know at the time. It's like thinking programmers are sheet metal workers stamping out door panels.
e.g.:
Hmm.  That's returning a slightly different error:
Static is a poor choice of words since it implies the value is then shared between all instances of the class, which of course it isn't.
Just tried the following sql but I get a Too few parameters. Expected 1. error message on the Execute line. SQL: DELETE FROM NewsletterSubscribers WHERE CustID IN (select CustID from [ & strDBPath & Customers].Customers where SubscriberEmail = Email or SubscriberEmail = EmailO)
Thanks!  I knew about the Code but wasn't very fond of it after trying to get it to work with Report parameters the way I wanted it to.  Didn't think of this a solution but it works wonderfully.
Will - updated. If I have it right, its use of TLS still means you can't be simultaneously strtokking two strings...
Making an app with no leaks is an easy thing.. If you structure.. I've not had a leak in years. That said.. I'd go with C too.. Just a bigger market.
yes - that is exactly correct.. Up to 8 bit fields in a table will use only one byte...
Good solution as well. Thanks.
Barry - I really appreciate you taking the time to explain all of that to me, many thanks, I will give it a crack over the weekend :)
Correction: System.DirectoryServices.AccountManagement requires .NET 3.5. (http:msdn.microsoft.comen-uslibrarysystem.directoryservices.accountmanagement.principalcontext.aspx)
Please give an example of the sort of html you would like to be generated dynamically.
A gross oversimplification (and possibly inaccurate one) of the performance characteristics of mysql engines. Locking the entire table is probably faster than locking rows (because there's only one lock to take).
is anybody actually using the default hotkeys? Those aren't hotkeys, those are hot..sentences or something.
I do like this one aesthetically.  I think it looks just as nice as what I made, but can be made to work more consistently and without the occasional compiler warning.  Thanks.
Here's a scary thought -- big news -- Macy's Thanksgiving day Parade switches from Access to Filemaker --
I am getting Can not redirect after HTTP headers have been sent Message
I had to junk the dictionary and go back to the simple array, however. I couldn't get it to work anywhere near fast enough.
javascript isn't even a proper protocol, it's a pseudo protocol.
Burkhard: No, not always. True AI will use the optimal solution to a given problem, game AI will use a solution which looks like a solution a human might use (it makes mistakes, is hesitant, emotional, thoughtful, whatever). Also, game AI usually needs to be beatable by human players.
Don't use bitfields - they are almost invariably more trouble than they are worth.
Yes, teh eVB uninstaller was known to uninstall all files, regarless of them being marked as shared or not.  We used to package the app and associated files in separate CABs for that reasons.
What exactly do you expect the outcome of your query to be?  I'm confused
C pretty much evolved on Unix, and Unix pretty much evolved with C.  I think that's why majelbstoat brought this up.
I think he was talking about functions other than main().  Main returns 0 for this reason, but other functions don't have the same constraints.
Hi Dustin - i don't get it. is this some type of DB sql code? or some php or something? i can't see how it's related to a db?
Right, I'll add a comment, thx
Dictionary<string,bool> is actually probably a bad idea - it's unlikely that you'd use a boolean for any other type of mapping, so the CLR will end up rejitting the Dictionary code just for this case. If you use a reference type, it can reuse the same Dictionary<ref, ref> code used elsewhere.
What do you put in path?  The name of the domain? The name of the server? The LDAP path to the domain? The LDAP path to the server?
You might want to check this article out for more information on using NHibernate with an HTTP Module.
I guess you'll have to switch to a square icon :( :( 
Might be because it doesn't compile.  What language were you developing in?  I tried this in C just now and I get an error for trying to multiply a decimal by a double.
Todd, that isn't the problem. Look at the stack; the controller has already been created. It's the model, probably one of the args to the action.
At this point it doesn't matter either way... I have posted a 2000 and 2005 solution... the 2000 one will work on both version (and sql 7 and 2008... why not).
JSON.Net works just fine. I would argue that you shouldn't :), I think it's pretty legitimate in many cases.
What are the end result you want? If you just want the test.log to feed some other program, then divo:s example would be what you want. But if you want to use it in for example a .Net program then we can convert that example to .Net.
I'm one of the unwashed .NET devs getting into Obj-C so I miss managed GC. I'm getting the hang of handling retain counts thanks to folks like you. In .NET, variables are released when out-of-scope and they aren't referenced. What do you think of this post: http:www.kickingbear.comblog?p=17
+1. This comment doesn't deserve -1. Indeed, the methods might need locks, but this is separate from the implementation of the singleton pattern itself IMO.
C doesn't have references and the type of pp should be Element , not Element .
It shouldn't be taking nearly as much as Joe's seeing though - I'd hope to see 370+ unless he's doing something else pretty crazy on the box.
kibbee, I think you may mean 'n', not mi.
I don't get the point, sorry. You could expand the enum and the factory in order to derive other classes.
This is also incredibly bad performance.
It does what you want and is probably the only way around the problem if you want to meet those criterias you set up (design support, shared gobaly across multiple forma and controls) so I would take it, and put a days work to get it perfected if I was u.
I think that sometimes, particularly when crossing the boundary of a module or library, it is good practice to catch the exception, wrap it in a different type of exception (like Java's cause-chaining facilities), and rethrow.
I suppose the VBEGIN is a typo?
Robert: if you benchmark the above sample and then change it to use a Dictionary, you'll see that it speeds up significantly (unless I screwed up the benchmarking).
Function approximation is a very common solution, and the normal solution in this problems, sadly I need to run this in an embebedded system so I cannot use the common function approximation due to the computation overhead.
hmm, i gave that a shot to no avail. do you know if there's a working example of this sort of thing anywhere?
Hi Marc, any advice on my other comment below?
By programming project I am going to assume for a client and not a hobbypersonal project. Dunno about that - my clients tend to want me to aim for just under perfection in order to shave time off the delivery. When I'm the client, I'll keep going until I'm happy no matter how long it takes :)
If you ever go to Germany or if you ever see just about any German text you'll see what I'm saying.
w is the same as [w] with less typing effort
That's pretty much what redsquare had me doing.  It works, but it doesn't prevent the leak.  :
is there any other way i mean other than seperating them
You are brave to publish your ftp address, account name and password. I wouldn't.
That did not help..I am unsure as to why. It is a jumbled mess at the moment. It is data already within the mdb file..if I have set the delimiter why would it not be set? Compare http:www.yousendit.comdownloadTTZtWmdsT01kMnVGa1E9PQ and http:www.yousendit.comdownloadTTZtWmdsT00wVWtLSkE9PQ
In a multi-processor system, the processes can run truly in parallel with the first grep continuing to look for foo's in the file while the second looks for bar's in it's input stream. The overlap is small but significant. Best case where every line matches foo, would approach half the time.
The throw e; is obviously wrong but aside from that this is an interesting idea. Not sure if there is a use case for it though....
There does not appear to be any official documentation on what words the breaker understands.
Not necessarily.
No, it shouldn't, but he should be given enough information to be able to work out the solution for himself. In other words, hints, not answers.
Careful C is NOT a subset of C++ (there are some things in C that won't work on a C++ compiler). So if you want to do true C, you can't use a C++ compiler.
Now that I see you code, it 'looks' what I did way back (just cant recall where!)
Thanks for the suggestion, but the client is adamant that the UI is native Matlab code.
Exactly what I wanted. Thank you!
I then to subscribe to the same kind of idea.
I actually wrote an answer complaining about your lack of RAII in the constructor but deleted it afterwards when I noticed the base class constructor call.
I agree that's a resulting benefit, but that problem could have been addressed more directly. Is it good for anything else?
That would certainly explain it :) I'll edit the answer. Thanks so much for correcting me though - that's a really good catch!
Good or evil... they're both fine choices.
Actually you need to do both to do it right. But this part needs not to be forgotten or it won't work at all. I did pointed it out in my answer, but not with code like you did.
S.Lott: In the first server implementation the behavior of SimpleHTTPRequestHandler is only changed for POST requests. Loading the the HTML file therefore does not require any additional code. In the WSGI implementation I have to explicitly send the HTML, the GET is not handled automatically.
A PDF document with 200 pages+ with a small font.... do the math!
cool good resources for web developers
Thanks, but I need the CRs to make it into the cell...
We use selenium extensively for UI testing, and I just had a conversation with our head QA guy about possibly deploying a payload app to all our user machines that could fire off a selenium test at a scheduled time. Or even better would be a bunch of virtual boxes that all hammer the site at once.
For managed code check out http:msdn.microsoft.comen-uslibrarysystem.diagnostics.process.processoraffinity.aspx rather than the WinAPI call.
Not automatically no.
im using it in a grid of patients so the doctors can see the last one they modified, although i agree the date of their last visit seems more useful...
Check here: http:stackoverflow.comquestions8747learning-version-control-and-learning-it-good
Also, this would be better as a call to a stored proc. Embedded SQL is evil :)
I'm surprised you feel the need to defend not testing. 
Agreed, that it could be better worded.  I think (hope) that he is really interested in learning how successful developers work. I've seen more egregious violations of that particular FAQ item.
Just to be sure that I am clear on this, you are looking for a network crawler, and NOT a web crawler correct?
I do the same, just change the python.exe to python30.exe as mentioned.
I compiles without warnings when the target is set to 10.4 and it works well. Thanks.
Yes, in the original split format (msl, ssdl, csdl and objectlayer) you still get compile time error checking, or you can validate them from a dos prompt -
this is essentially the same as the plodding dinosaurs argument then :)
If that was his original code, it would be pretty amazing to turn 26 case statements into 1000 lines...
-1: It certainly can make a difference when used in repeated calculations.  It will depend on the problem domain, of course, but small errors have a cumulative affect over time.
Are you destroying the new AppDomain each time after you use it?
Yeah, each request falls through a bunch of PHP files and the monolithic array is built every time. It's actually only built when it's needed but when it is needed its a lot of array building to get a small amount of data from.
and you use macros for that? that sounds evil! Can't you write a kind if facade to expose only what you want to the client and internally have sth maintainable?
Surely the problem with that is if your top-level tests miss some condition which should make the tests fail. To use your analogy, does your computer work? done - what if the mouse is broken - it should fail the test, but the the computer works
This worked, but I'm confused as to why. Is KeyValuePair a value type?
I dont need in reference to MSHTML.IHTMLDocument2. I need a solution for drawing my own document type in IE windows (like MS Word or MS Excel draw its documents in IE).
An if-elseif-elseif-elseif-else might be faster, but I'd take the cleaner code 99 times times out of 100. Strings, being immutable, cache their hash code, so computing the hash is fast. One would have to profile code to determine what benefit there is.
question was about 2.0
I love wordpress but cant upvote.... :(
derobert: how?! If you do a checkout you get whatever is in the repository (you only lose your changes, but divo's 2nd point solves that). Other people changes will be on their local working copies. +1, this has worked for me many times before.
I fully aware that m4 is not exactly easy to grasp, but sendmail in null client mode is pretty simple to configure. Furthermore, as I said above, you can actually use any other nullmailer for this purpose, not necessarily sendmail.
Skittles: the point of downvoting is so that incorrect or poor answers are readily recognizable as such. If the best answer, for whatever reason, only gets 1 up vote, and all the others are at 0, then it's hard to say that any of the others are really bad. Down votes help clarify that.
Encapsulating the input to one class would be easy enough. Though, 
Well, the base class does have specific knowledge of the derived class, it's just that the programmer only deals directly with the base class template, which doesn't. C++ is pure gold for pedants ;-)
i have a field that represents the creationDate.  how can i force my table to be index accordingly?
I always strugle to understand why programming in c is considered faster.  For the most part I've got libraries of classes to do the networking and such. Why is it faster? Meh.. it's late..
Generally, you don't tell a view to -setNeedsDisplay: from outside   a view tells itself -setNeedsDisplay: when one of its properties changes. Furthermore, any redisplay will happen the next pass through the run loop, not immediately, which is exactly what the questioner is seeing.
Did you try the solutions below?
A good tip. Installing VMware does take care of it though, so I don't usually do it manually myself.
Happy to oblige, but other people's comments make it clear that I need to explicitly address the issue of how to best manage the versioning of dependencies.  Perhaps another question...
Oh, I thought by explicit constructor you meant a non-default one. Define a constructor which takes arguments, and uses those to initialize the struct, and use that consistently then.
Yup!  Thanks for the feedback.
Congratulations, you've just won a useless use of cat award, http:partmaps.orgeraunixaward.html   No offense, cheer up :)
Access is NOT a DBMS. It's a RAD environment, with a very simple database manager included. SQL Server, Oracle, et al. will never replace it, unless you add a VB-like language and a Crystal Reports like facility.
Anyone care to try it and tell me if they succeed?
I know this sounds silly, but have you tried restarting VS your PC. Or setting a new default browser (FF Chrome) via the Right Mouse Click option on a form to see if it still does it...
... it'll be fine until you want an enabled control on your panel :)
I'm curious exactly what you are trying to accomplish.
The difference with the building industry is that 9-5 is ok if all you are doing is driving nails.  No offense to those who drive nails, but software is a little more complicated then that.
To clarify, :t is a command you can use in GHCI to print the type of an expression.
Okay, that makes sense!
I didn't find it, where?
GIT isn't simple at all http:bazaar-vcs.orgBzrVsGit
AShelly: I'm afraid if you code using nix only API's, then you have no choice but to either re-write existing code to be portable, or to provide your own implementation of the missing functionality. If you used boost::programoptions to begin with it will work on many platforms without change.
Wow.... that's ... 
Thanks for the info.  I'm still trying to make the library to compile with arc-apple-darwin-gcc...
This is probably what the OP is looking for, just be aware that the tech behind this type of service is not 100 reliable.  You get the location of a client's ISP, not the client itself.
Yep, the GetProductName returns a datarow. But, your other points were well taken. 
I thought the point of the question was that the exception was raised by code elsewhere, not under the control of the original poster?
This looks about right. Nicely distilled.
It's the same database, just a different way of reaching it.
Corrected, although I disagree. I know that from a grammar p.o.v you are correct, but I think you can say O(n) is more optimal than O(n^2) and less optimal than O(1).
Thanks for the password.  Hope it's not real.
That reminds me of a line from a show about Hollywood agents: this job would be so much easier if we didn't have to deal with the ! talent.
Can you please double-check with your friend if problem description is indeed correct?  I thought I could do this with Hamming codes or parity bits, but so far I've had no success, and the problem keeps pinning in my head. :)
This solved partially the problem. Now the subprocess.Popen command works. But still p.wait() returns as soon as the process was launched.
Runtime dead code detection is different - there will be live code that is only accessed for certain inputs (eg error handlers) which you aren't going to find by just running the code a few times.
Well I can't speak for everyone, but for myself I am always loath to edit anyone else's actual content. Typos, sure. Actual content not so much.
Essentially all of these would still apply, but the problem is that everybody ends up being busy all the time. We realize that everybody has important stuff to get done in a sprint, but we need some common ground for when to get it done.
Actually, CGI::Carp arranges to send a minimal HTTP header to the browser so that even errors that occur in the early compile phase will be seen. (from CGI::Carp's docs).
Kaarel: Thanks. I've fixed it.
This works until I add the 3rd custom build config. I get an error: cannot find <blah>.config. I think this may be a problem with my environment. I question whether I want to maintain this much .csproj config though.
Similarly, your last code example releases the NSString one too many times--once in the NSAutorelease pool via autorelease and directly via release :(
syouyour in my previous comment
Yeah, it does. I didn't use it in mine because IIRC it prints out like [1, 2, 3, ..., n], and I wanted a simple one-integer-per-line output like many other people were doing.
Minor note:  That's not standard-conforming code; std::exception does not have a ctor that takes a string.  However MSVC does (incorrectly) allow it...
No, the question states that CustomException is exported, but some exceptions chained to it are not. However, if you use the approach I outline, the client clearly has a dependency on CustomException (it's part of the interface API), and it would have to be available at the client.
D'oh; it's right there in the help files.  I missed it in both.
True. Unfortunately I'm working on an existing project so I can't really go changing the design, or anything in class A.
...If you don't keep the original pointer; surely you've just caused a memory leak as the initial space can never be recovered.
When you write a test case, say a single img tag and a JavaScript loop that replaces it's src attribute from a heap of URLs (no JS framework, just a big static array of URLs and a three-line loop) - does it still leak? If so, you are out of luck, if not the whole thing can be fixed.
Thanks, dang that was quick
Depending on how ProjectMember is structured, this could return duplicates.
You're right - as you say below you would also have to disable signals for the latter example to be effectively re-entrant.
Unfortunately, we can't release with this bug, so we need to come up with something. We've tried it on different machines and some do exhibit it more than others, which has helped.
display: table isn't going to be cross-browser happy
anyways nice links, thanks!
I thought the point of Project Euler was to discover the solutions on your own (at least as much as possible). Clearly the point of this question is to make you use your brain, and not your compilerinterpreter. :)
http:unxutils.sourceforge.net
Interesting that Sam Meldrum's benchmark below gives an even less significant difference...
It's patching an existing object, adding the method or changing it if it exists.  It's really just dynamic language extension.
Agreed. I went to the v-store and tried the storm. Seemed frustratingly slowwwwwww.
To be fair, there is some risk of a phisher capturing your password by imitating your OpenID provider's login page. Sure, if you're careful with SSL it won't happen to you, but the same is true of any phishing attack, and they succeed every day. If I'm expecting to type my pswd, I'm more vulnerable.
Do you mean you have 100k rows in table A and 100k rows in table B?  Or just around 300 rows in each table, meaning 100,000 row scans (or, hopefully, index scans).
+1 Cade.  Riho is a Mysql'er and won't understand.
Thx, that's one possibility, however since user may well target to have 20-50 of items recommended to him and number of tags is intentionally limited, this would result in quite massive amount of data.
When I tried this, I received this error:
Actually, that's not getting you methods - it's still properties. If there's a method Foo, you'd do... Get-Whatever  ForEach-Object  .Foo() 
Are the points in your text indicating anything?
Is it necessary for that to be in the join section?  I normally put that sort of thing in the WHERE.  Does it increase performance?
Should be just an xmlHttpRequest from the browser.  If it loaded the page, it ought to be able to call back to the same server for ajax.
If it was a real one, he sure did capitalize it incorrectly.
I'll rewrite this with ON syntax instead of USING.
defmeta: onebyone is right - maybe you could be a bit more specific on what your run-once function needs to do? Are there side-effects from calling this function? What happens if you do call it twice?
[OT] Pax: now that's a nice solution!!
Ah indeed, Google Protocol Buffer, forgot about that, thank you!
i need to create only a single instance i.e a singleton and i have multiple domains.as shown in the snippet i posted i check if each domain object is null before i create the instance.i want a work around for that. please help.
Thanks man!  I've been looking for something like this for a long time!  There's alot of bad HTML code out there!
Oh, I hadn't seen that before.  Thanks.
Your question says with an arbitrary number of decimal places. Please make your mind up.
i can round it off but how do i get the  symbol in to the results
I have tried using the serialization.json namespace, but to no avail... There sont seem to be many examples on how to use it and the JavaScriptSerializer and the DataContractJsonSerializer are outputting XML
the high point of my day - Jon Skeet talked to me =>  And agreed happy day
This is actually one of my pet peeves. Somewhere along the line, I was taught that booleans ought to represent positive conditions. Using negative conditions inevitably results in weird double-negative tests like if (!IsBad  !Uninitialized) putting the developer's brain into a mild pretzel.
I am using the built-in summary
Re: EDIT 1 - thanks for the extra effort there.
C does have a bool now, but it didn't way back when the win32 api first came into existence.
I don't think obfuscation really makes it that much harder.  It's like reading code with really bad names.  The only benefit i see is string encryption.  Now you have to do some foot work to decrypt them.
Depends on what you need it for and how many people.  When you consider your development tools are included in the purchase price, it is reasonable.  We were able to outfit our IT department of about 14 people and 30 additional CALs for Team Explorer users for under six figures.
I have chrome crashing on a w3c validated CSS file.
Are you thinking controller-push or just responding to update requests from a view-based refresh mechanism?  If you are doing push, then I don't think you can consider that to be classic MVC.
Personaly, this is the comment I would have given the check to. One thing I'd like to point out to readers is that the esoteric term state machines includes such everyday things as lexical analysers. Check out the output of lex somtime. Full of gotos.
You are correct, but in order for my listbox to generate the selectedindex changed event, I need to enable autopostback.
Hi. It looks good. It will cost us something to purchase, so we might give some of the other free ones a go first. If they can't do the job, this certainly looks like a goer.
Java's name mangling is documented somewhere on Sun's site.  Somebody should look it up and link to it from the accepted answer.
See my comment on the other answer about why you shouldn't be using the self.variable syntax in your -init and -dealloc methods though. Short-answer: unwanted side-effects.
Not so on point two.  0:NumberOfCats would denote p1.NumberOfCats where p1 is the first positional argument.  Good catch on the first point though, it would indeed need some additional syntax
Yeah, I had heard about the JS DLR implementation a while back, so I first looked into that. But, unfortunately MSFT doesn't seem to have released anything for JS yet, just IronPython. Bummer.
I've tried on this one.  That particular requirement came from the team in charge of DMZ security and doesn't want to risk having it exposed in case of a machine breech...even in an encrypted state since they would have the machine key at that point in a worst case scenario as well.
The domain of this application is research oriented and as such the actual terms would would take several pages of documentation to explain which is why I used letters.
GoDaddy, Rackspace, CrystalTech (the place the StackOverlfow boxes are hosted).
If so, have a look at [Crazy Egg](http:crazyegg.com).
Sorry. I probably could have been more polite, but this is something that just drives me nuts every time I see it.
sorry about my english..i dont quite understand..but seems your are right(by feeling:)but what should i do?thanks
The very worst case would be O(n^2), but I wouldn't expect you to get there with a random shuffle.  Your average case is going to be close to O(n).
During the recent economic up-cycle companies have generated over-engineered products in an attempt to convince us that their product is better. I forsee that during the current economic down-cycle customers will look for 'value' which in turn will encourage companies to simplify their products.
not really about the ports no, more about the specific localhost nature if you can't reach servername, localhost or 127.0.0.1 - I feel it's likely that some other service (by which I mean firewalls mostly, but could be anything) is obstructing or overprotecting so in a vacuum I'd want to simplify.
Ah, I probably wasn't quite clear. It's the edit windows in the datagrid control where the delete key isn't working. I'll edit my question.
You're correct.  I'll edit.
I thought that was a pgsql specific, but I could be wrong.
Yeah, using something like ActiveMQ might be a good option
Besides, the compiler and the linker are two different beasts. In theory, the linker knows very little about C++-specific constructs and rules.
I found the MSDN materials you were talking about and XML signing looks simple enough. However, could you explain some more about the publicprivate key part of your answer? I didn't see anything about using two different keys to sign and verify an XML file.
Thanks for the quick answer. I'm giving you a +1 for now and will mark this as the correct answer once I get a chance to try it out on my end.
OK, I just had thought thew were not necessary. Ever variable declaration and method call should end in a semicolon?
...If it's (say) a policy thing (ie We only let you buy A and B together) then the dependency doesn't really belong to the parts and you may want to maintain an external dependency map.
See comment to Andrew Rolling's post, above.
I had not tried that but it doesn't work.
SET IMPLICITTRANSACTIONS sets the database to run all queries in transactions?
I know I can cast single values. But I have a multi-array of strings which needs to be a multi-array of floats and the casting doesn't happen if I pass the array to open flash chart. I'm using floating point values for drawing flash radar charts. The solution RoBorg posted is perfectly fine!
It's in use by Universal, as in, Universal Studios?  How do you know?  Can you provide links or contacts to ask about their experiences, maybe?  Do their developers have blogs?  I'd be really interested to hear about it!
The conditional-AND operator (&&) performs a logical-AND of its bool operands, but only evaluates its second operand if necessary. http:msdn.microsoft.comen-uslibrary2a723cdk(VS.71).aspx
Soldarnal: if combinations don't work in IE, how much effort are you willing to expend fighting bugs in the most popular browser? Especially when the alternative - make another class - is so simple...?
I recommend reading about Hungarian Notation. +1 to Apps Hungarian Notation, -1 to Systems Hungarian Notation (see if I can get people into reading the article)
Peter. Thanks for pointing that out.
This worked wonderfully on my dev box, but I realized the target machine was running make 3.79, and the MAKEFILELIST feature was added in make 3.80: http:www.mail-archive.comhelp-makegnu.orgmsg05902.html
IE's Find box drives me nuts now that I'm spoiled on FF's.
Well, I wanted to be able to print out what I just read (in a string), so that it would print out both the XML and the deserialized version (in String format).  Is that an easy fix?  I would assume so, but when I did what you said, I got GeneralTreeaf72d8 (where it was in my memory I guess)
I've never used it for that, I don't know
Beyond Compare is a great tool and well worth the couple of bucks.
hah I sure hope not, this code was so unvaluable, because worse all it barely worked. Sad thing was the Team Lead and myself came up with a good design, the lead just didn't babysit his dev enough;-(
And, sadly, that doesn't do the job.  When I trigger my validation message, the success message stays.  I even did try turning EnableViewState off.
BTW: When you're talking about a DLL which talks to Excel is that actually a COM server or are you somehow using exported functions that you call from VBA? I still have the feeling that you would be better off by implementing the whole thing as a regular addin, possibly dropping the VBA side.
That's the sort of information you should include in your question, not buried in a comment. :)
File locking helps for synchronizing between java vms. But not for applications inside one vm.
problem is, I can't mark my own answer as accepted
No, that does NOT produce regular polygons. It is much easier to generate regular polygons, or even arbitrary convex polygons, directly, than to find convex hulls. (Not that finding convex hulls is too hard, it's just unecessary.)
Here's my error.
i know im using facebook, but I am not convinced at all about presentation (login),
But..but..but..they do it movies all the time!
LOL, thats a real daft message!
you mean <td colspan=2><table><tr><td>A very loooooooong string here<td><tr><table><td>
Can you shed some light on what languageenvironment you are in?
Looks good if it works.
Point taken. The truly reserved words in Python can be found here http:tinyurl.com424663 However, it's a good idea to consider builtin functions and types as reserved. list() actually generates a list. Same goes for dict, range, etc.
Agreed.  If I'm going to continue in this route, the metadata plugin seems the way to go.
I know you want a javascript-free solution but I can't help but wonder why can't you just remove the element from the DOM tree with javascript?
What kind of formatting? If it's data formatting, maybe you could create a query that uses Format() and other functions to format the output and then export that to Excel with TransferSpreadsheet. Won't work if you want to do Excel formatting, but you're not clear what you wantneed.
I do not see it that way. In my opinion, highlighting one characteristic at a time does not imply that we believe any single one characteristic to be enough. It is merely a method by which we can vote for the ones we think are important.
that's right, this will work for this SELECT, but later I want to use this select for all users (find minimal cas and correspondig idzavod for all users)
AFAIK, Digest::HMACSHA1 uses Digest::SHA internally.
Of course, updated the answer
let me try to re-phrase the question.
I agree, very strange. Only things I can think of at this point are something windows-specific or a typo introduced in testing.
Is there any difference to having the DB my own development machine vs another instance on the SQL-DEV box?
C gives you explicit control over your entire memory model, including the alignment and padding concerns for cache thrashing.  This absolutely does not guarantee that you'll do any better with a C solution, but it does increase your performance ceiling if you can do a better job than the VMJIT.
This is because Silverlight has an embedded copy of IPyIRb built-in, so you can write Python code to control your SL applet. Silverlight was one of the main scenarios that MS designed the DLR for.
This should not be explicitly required.  The Title attribute of the Page directive is supposed to fill it in.
Hmmm... voted down - I wonder why... People, eh?!
eTcl partly because I like the Tcl language and building GUIs isn't bad at all. PythonCE and Tkinter if you are working with older devices, but I think you could have the QT windowing toolkit configured somehow which would provide the look and feel for modern devices.
Yes, that's a very good solution. Most people would approach this with triggers, but using basic relational integrity is more obvious, cleaner, and simpler.
Well, the data that glReadPixels returns is just an array with n values where n is the number of pixels in the region.  I'm not actually sure the snippet makes any sense, it's more or less an amalgamation of stuff I've read.
Ah okey. Never tried it, just remembered i'd seen something about it in the docs :)
Well, the Min and Max aggregations on the DateTime column of the fact table did the trick, but I am a little worried about the size of the aggregations. I'll keep an eye on that, but thanks for a good starting point :)
I prefer not to print anything.  Either leave the exception alone or raise something else.  print's get confusing.
delete[] is required whenever you use new[] to allocate data.
This JavaScript file is included in index.php, and previously worked fine. The other javascript functions and php files all work fine.
It is a nice solution to be sure. And I suppose every ones solution here neglects at least one of the requirements. So having a solution with a max allowed value for N isn't the worst thing in the world, so nice job on this one :)
Nobody has disassembled c++ code.
function naming and parameters are a disaster yes but as PHP is a disaster by itself anyway... <controversial>
Ah, the old null vs DbNull.Value chestnut...
True, the interfaces may not change that much. I am more worried about subtle changes in the behaviour of the components not being picked up because testing is focused on the change being made to the main product
I stand corrected. However, during my tests the freeing began only at block 50 and went in a very slow pace - e.g. on block 55 (only 5 blocks allocated!) I still had 30mb of memory taken from the OS. So I argue that in a practical run I'm still correct.
The poster is correct, you can start a JVM and invoke Java classes from native code: http:java.sun.comdeveloperonlineTrainingProgrammingJDCBookjni.html
Sadly, it has become a habit of mine to just go in and change it when it is inserted.  It is almost like I do it on autopilot now.  Not sure if any third-party apps or add-ins address this or not.
I'm advocating two tracking systems with very different properties.  That or a single tracking system that we configure better than our existing bug tracking system, which is not well suited for tracking things like project manager forgot to update X in handout for meeting Y.
Yeah, looks bad now. Not sure what to do with this answer...maybe I ought to just delete it since that site now seems very fishy.
(Note that Chrome has to work on a good machine to be a valid test on the bad machine)
The UI is a bit laggy, but the Visual Studio like interface and tab architecture makes up for a bit of that.
Exactly my same concern. But then again I thought the same from C :)
This is a duplicate of
Yes I have the 2.2 SDK installed, but the Stanford example runs fine even when output is set to iPhone
ht+1 takes you to the hashtable after the first hashtable and thus points to the byte directly after the last bytes of the struct (+ padding needed for alignment purposes).
Did you know that you can write ASP pages in Javascript rather than VB script?
Wahey, me gets me badge for me first accepted answer :P
You mean it doesn't support paging memory (to flash in this case). I'm sure that it supports virtual memory.
A quality implementation of a hash table, with a quality hashing algorithm will give O(1).  A bad implementation of binary tree could also be worse than O(log N).  So, for the level of question asked, saying a Hash Table is O(1) is probably more than good enough.
This is a Windows Forms app
Damn off-by-one errors :-)
+1 for pointing out the portable solution.
I tried to reproduce it myself but failed so far... the HTML is produced by a third-party software, hence it is hard to debug. I suspect the issue has something to do with the directory structure on the server.
How would I restrict just a single path (i.e. admin) with this structure?
The LDAP Browser we used was the one by softerra. We tried the one you suggested and it worked in anonymous bind. Thanks for the information!
We used Word and SourceSafe for our documentation on the last project I worked on.  We had to keep each section in a separate file, because the manuals were so long.  We used Adobe Acrobat to convert all the Word docs to pdf, then merged the pdf files into one pdf per manual.
Python 3.0 does add real abstract base classes. They are used in the collections module as well as other places. http:docs.python.org3.0libraryabc.html
I was putting an r before the string for raw string
That did it, didn't think about the fact that the div would take up the entire line. Thanks!
How do you account for multi-lines headers ?
mackenir, I feel like the ifndefdefineendif thing has turned into an idiom by now, so it's not really a matter of being easier to read.  I would look askance at any header that didn't have it because it's become so ubiquitous.
If you are old, I'm already dead. (or you have supplied a wrong age in your profile)
Daok, Why should I care what Jeff thinks?  The bottom line is that I, and others, think it is a perfectly valid question.  It sure looks like one to me.  I challenge you to convince me otherwise.
I think you could consider said separation it insufficient in C++.  The amount of information necessary to expose for class definitions and template functions is extraordinary, compared to C-style interfaces (or non-template pimplized C++).  Given that, I can see the draw towards header-only libs.
Confirmed - not having the ToList() means it can't compile :(
So what happens? Show more code. I hope your code doesn't actually look like what you posted here.
why the downvote? if anything is wrong or leads to misunderstandings please leave a comment.
thanks. xsd or xml is fine. much easier to read XML on here anyway. i was more wondering about more complicated scenarios - including more complex thins like shipping, discounts, addresses, partner specific things. especially interested in standards based thins
http:www.htmlref.comReferenceAppAtagxmp.htm seems that it works most places (and what better can you get with HTML anyway?)
When i use this query in vba i get a end of statement error in code at second line
Draemon - for most of the systems I've worked on, a simple record of who changed a record when has sufficed - other have required that the data as it was before change was recorded, and others have required the core SQL statement involved to be recorded.
The finalizer is being called (if it wouldn't I would be out of memory in a matter of seconds).
You should drop by ipodlinux again sometime. We could use some brilliant ROing. :)
It would seem that way - good catch :)
See also http:stackoverflow.comquestions271398post-your-extension-goodies-for-c-net-codeplexcomextensionoverflow?answer=358259358259
This gives me the following error:
I am not importing into an database and it would be onerous to  manually skip rows. I have just under 7000 columns.
Whoops the display none is when the page initially loads then that goes off.
Perfect. Thank you!
Princess, thanks for your response.  In case it wasn't clear, my app is in JS; I've edited my question to make that more obvious.
[Orion Adrian]: I doubt it. You really should take responsibility for managing your own app state ;-)
this should also remove the problem of supporting javascript
Yes, I am aware of many better ways to achieve the same results using more efficient architectures.
Well, I found the newsgroup, but I can't find the question or the answer to it.  Link please?
I believe the OP means to say he'll put user strings (English) in the database table, not a lookup for the programmer.  Enums could work if they were transformed on the client side using an array, though.  Perhaps you could expand your answer noting this possibility?
Whatever it's supposed to do for a list of negative numbers, it should NOT return something that looks like a valid result. Return an item from the list, or return zero, or throw an exception, but don't return a positive value.
So it does resolve the issue if I set the Images property in the AfterConstruction method of the form, but when I do it that way, I can't see the images at design time (on a toolbar, for example, that references the image list). Any solution for that?
I'm no Ruby expert, but I would bet that interpolation is faster because strings are mutable in Ruby. Strings are immutable sequences in Python.
Which, since we'd be using the os.popen function to run a which command created by the program, doesn't actually apply, no?
Vilx - accessibility isn't just a US government requirement. Not having this kind of accessibility could be viewed as discrimination - particularly where you are writing business apps. You could be denying people a job through your choice of technology. This is why US govermnet and others insist.
there is one already, but it's not been handled for 2 versions - with no real target release.
You obviously didn't read the question properly. Allison asked how to change the state of ALL apple images when only one is hovered over...
One concrete big project proof was made with IronPython vs CPython. The latest versions of IronPython beat CPython in every benchmark, with a small or big margin, while retaining 100 compatbility. That's with a several years of optimisations of CPython and a young IronPython project.
Assuming that you want substrings of length two, what about overlapping?  What would the solution be to ddssssdd?  dd = 2, ss=3?
Will you were right I had flipped it around. Fixed now. S. Lott: in this example I think it is obvious that the object exists to hold a value that is got from a list. It serves no purpose outside the loop.
Oops: for some reason I was reading those as if there were a comma between them! :(
This works for the DataGridView class, check if this is what you use...
looks like someone else did it. yeah, wasn't paying attention there.
This is a pure database approach the other require work in the code outside of the database.
-1. Lambdas are not always functions. At least in C, you can treat them as expression trees. In that cases, like LINQ to SQL, it's not possible to use functions instead. Treating them as data is what makes them special in languages such as Lisp and even C.
Quite right - fixed.  Thanks!
I am not too familiar with screen readers. I guess that unless there is a post back, the screen reader would still read the source as 480 characters remaining. How do they deal with ajax I wonder?
He's working with an XML web service though, not asking how to persist his objects to a data source.
Well, I declared it as a member:
short and simple answer, but I think it nails it. goto's are in the language for a reason, certainly, but if you actually consider using them, there's a 99.9 chance that you're Doing It Wrong. Don't write  your code as if it falls into the 0.01 case because it probably doesn't.
And er, you shouldn't be reading it as all null ts = [] -- maybe you need to get familiar with the guard syntax? http:en.wikipedia.orgwikiGuard28computing29
How to create a simple crudscaffold for that situation and how to write the routes. Also if you have one profile page, how do you go about putting the pieces together ? Do you render each model's views as snippets?Or do you create other forms for each resource?I think  an example would clear things
Oh and also be willing to risk your time coming to naught when the iPhone store team rejects your code or determines that Apple is about to release its own version of your app.
iirc this will still produce the error, since php is sending an undefined variable into a function, even though the isset is within it.
don't know the exact answer but I would suggest that you have a look at TurboGears framework. It integrates cherrypy with the kid template engine.http:docs.turbogears.org1.0GettingStartedBigPicture
Then you should busy-wait as punishment! Don't let me install software will you? muahahaha
The whole keyboard layout was originally done to slow down typing productivity anyway. I think thats a bigger flaw that which mucked up layout...
the thing is the name list is already implemented. I am not allowed to change what is implemented... :(
My above answer means, it may not support using syntax casting. But it allows using OfType. Does the SomeObject implement interface ISomeObject?
What do you mean by 'large blank space', and what 'two numbers' are you referring to?
mezoid: Well, there must be a session somewhere. Chances are it's in your dao class at the moment. We can't see the source of GetByCriteria though - that's probably where it's creating the ICriteria.
How did you get rid of the (a == 0  a > 1) part?
Simplification for who? For the compiler or for the human?
Fails on a = 0, b = 0, p = 1
FWIW this is the only answer that makes a good argument (too me as a former VB6-er) for the best practice. I like to know why, not just what. + 1 Thanks
Tie::File comes with perl, so it's going to be there. It should work fine if you lock the file.
Adrian: I'm with you - I'm dubious about this working with the cyclic replacements in the question.
It <i>should<i> be ok if the string classes you're using are well designed.
Of course there's a difference and I said it is all about what you're trying to accomplish. If you want to look at a limited sub-frame around a current row you can use 'range between 3 preceding and 5 following'. But ' range between current row and current row' does not make a sense.
You always prefer to have the parameters const. Principle of least surprise. If your class does something behind the scenes, for example caching, you should be using mutable to mask off those side effects.
Phishing attacks can be carried out through mechanisms other than E-mail. As outlined above, the page that determines whether you've visited the URL of a major bank could present you with a copy of that bank's login page, with a different <form action=...> to collect your credentials.
I tried setting File::Find::prune and it didn't work.  Seems like setting prune on a directory will stop find from descending into that directory, but will not stop it from continuing to process other directories (or files).
The http-headers, Content-type: textxml or applicationxml
Further simplification (probably something the compiler would do, but j.i.c.):
Pretty cool, although if you aren't willing to use it in production, what good is it?
yes, this is trivial. but i don't know of a script or open source project already written that will do it for you.
Excellent links - I hadn't seen them yet.
We expect a <5 hit ratio. The results would ideally just be the terms that matched (dont need position or frequency just yet). We get a new 2-5mb string every 10 seconds, so can't assume we can index the input. The 1000 terms are dynamic, although have a change rate of a bout 1 an hour. Thanks all!
Sailing Judo: Really?  I cut and pasted it straight from my project into here.  In fact cutting it from here and pasting it into a project works just fine too.  While LINQ isn't perhaps the fastest solution, it does perform well enough that I wouldn't have discarded it for something quicker...
I obviously don't understand what you mean by stack-allocated.  Could you expand on that?
Yeah...reading forums at 4AM after about 20 hours of coding is probably a bad idea. It's a wonder I was even able to think straight enough to find the Execute button to even find the bugs. >.<
So you want to compare values stored in a HashMap? Are you comparing all the values stored, or just some of them?
According to the manual its enabled by default, but that might be wrong. In which case it should be reported. Quote: If URL fopen wrappers are enabled in PHP (which they are in the default configuration), you can specify the file to be included using a URL
You say both (a == 0  a > 1) reduces to (a > 1) and N == 0  N > 1 implies N >= 0 for positive integers, but neither is correct. Assuming a >=0 (as we're told), (a==0  a > 1) reduces to a != 1, as many other posters have noted.
+1 good answer; the key is to focus on risk-management until all of the risks have been eliminated. [BTW I love your botali-ignite slides!]
I've only been brainstorming with the client so far, so I'm not really on a schedule yet. Right now, it would be easy to add a scheduled task for each of the tasks they want, but if the site gets popular, they may be asking for a whole bunch of other tasks.
In the Windows world, recent versions of Visual Studio come with static analysis tools to help catch issues like this at compile-time.  Here's a reference that I found after a brief search: http:msdn.microsoft.comen-uslibraryd3bbz7tz.aspx.
I strongly believed that people who downvote should add a comment but, in this case, it may be because reading a file into a char buffer is not XML-specific at all. The OP probably wanted to parse the file but got the vocabulary wrong.
I know, but I added the comment just before the OP edited the question to say so.
Thanks. Just trying to help where I can ;)
FMOD needs a separate MP3 license and has a separate commercial license.
some: Yes! If you're able to test and correct client code, then that would be an excellent choice.
PEZ: no, it isn't. positive integers start at 1. see http:mathworld.wolfram.comPositiveInteger.html or http:wiki.answers.comQWhatisapositiveinteger
Sure thing, but apparently once the question ages a bit no one loves it anymore.
I know it understands CSS. I really meant I'd be surprised if it used CSS internally, rather than some other more esoteric system.
In the link it seems that the issue is with running the server and the client in the same process. Hence they are subject to the gil.
I always caution on the use of views - they save readability but they may have a significant performance cost.
Hoisting n-1 (or -a) out of the loop was the change I had in mind. That accounts for the majority of the speedup.
Jay, Elaborate? How would you store depth limited undo information?
Instead of using  it may be best to use the more portable PATHSEPARATOR constant
But where to draw the line between one functionality and another?
turnLightOn(false) means don't turn light on?  Confusiong.
Nope, looks like C
Dave: When I started on StackOverflow, I didn't have an Android phone. Now I post with it occasionally. Is there really a good reason for allowing a user to include tab or form-feed in a password? Sure, allow symbols etc - but non-printable characters?
Bobme:  try that sample code with and without the calls to gc(), and you'll see that there's a difference.  Maybe all gc() is doing is updating my array of WeakReferences, but it's doing something.
There is a BCL team blog entry about this very question: http:blogs.msdn.combclteamarchive2003103149719.aspx
Your working example is almost exactly how I've got it set up.  Problem is, I can't create any actual instances of the list with the type filled in.  (And yes, I'm quite sure of the inheritance.)
That is some beautiful code right there!
It doesn't look like you can do what you want without some exe that can run commands without a console. There's a free one here: http:www.ntwind.comsoftwareutilitieshstart.html. Call this instead of cmd.exe.
Charlie is right, but his choice of presenting the questioner with a new problem (learning to parse a Ruby-like syntax invented on the fly) is probably not helpful.
Dunno why this got a down-vote; it is probably the closest thing to a standard SQL answer (for all that not every DBMS has implemented it).
Well honestly it get annoying to maintain right now there is a file in the default include class that contains 40+ includes to get all the functions and it's getting a bit old if they were in the core I also would not have to remember to include the include file.
Prestaul, good enough that it can run on IEs with the same performance?
I'd give you 2 points if I could.
Thanks for the tip. It is smelly, and I really hope someone will point me in the non-smelly direction. :)
I too would use the ProcessMessage option ;)
That picture is great. Made me smile.
Of course it returns true.   is a letter. Just because it isn't used in english doesn't make it a non-letter.
Definitely. A-Z is ASCII 65..90, 0-9 is ASCII 48..57
Yeah, I was hoping for something a little bit cryptographically stronger than Rot13 and I'm dealing with binary data not an ASCII byte stream.
I don't think that there is a very clean interim from include to CMS. Like I said, I understand that Drupal has a learning curve, but once understood, and with the modularization, it's extremely strong for using as a base for all all website production.
...as long as your HTML validates to W3C spec, isn't that all that matters? One should develop their HTML to spec and let browser companies worry about their bugs(which are pretty rare these days) than to focus on old browser mistakes of the past.
Maybe I should code my own leak detector overloading newdelete, I need for now pretty basic stuff.....
I tried to add that at the class definition and also on the function that is called when the load event occurs - in both instances it doesnt show anything, but acts like i clicked on the image (have click event attached) - am i doing something wrong?  Where should fscommand be used? - Thank you :-)
darn. i thought finally i could finish one answer withouth having that ugly edited label. hehe thanks for telling me 'bout it :)
That's clearly not true. For instance, the xsd:anyURI bug I reported in february 2006 was completely ignored.
i appreciate paul answering the question, but the assumption in the response is clearly wrong.  models can readily be added to either schema.  only a new business line requires a new table.
Pax, as far as I know, it is the number of extra bits. So 5 bits with 2 check bits also make a 1 bit error correcting code. If I don't forget it I will check with the books at home tonight.
Sorry, try this. Forgot the not-null tag.
MusiGenesis - it ensures we round up and don't lose any pixels. Regular int cast rounds down, but yes: we could just add one to be safe...
Added some detail for you!  (Comments were not big enough)
These are good suggestions, and more the kind of answer I was looking for. However, suppose that neither computer owns the resource and it is truly shared. Furthermore, neither computer has access to the other  computer directly and so cannot use its clock.
The default is provider-dependent (100 for SqlConnection) and pooling can be configured by parameters in the connection string.  The 3-5 second delay doesn't sound normal, I suggest you try to create a small repro and post code that exhibits this behaviour.
It appears that the JDBC spec does not require correct handling of special characters. I'd like to hear about any drivers that do not so they can be avoided.
Yup! I was confusing the portlet context name with the namespace. The namespace is, indeed, sufficient. I wonder why I didn't notice it before. Thanks!
or possibly apply delta-C twice..
I would be clear however that I have never tested anything like this limit. It might be worth your effort to try some really big text just to have empirical evidence that the limit is at least more than 255 because I think there was a time when it was capped at 255.
Sure, this: http:www.oreillynet.commacblog200607morevimsavetimewithmacros1.html sums it up pretty well.
Interestingly, the readFromURL:ofType:error: did not solve the problem. Using FSExchangeObjects(), plus using [self setFileModificationDate:] with the new files modification date did do the trick. Thanks for the pointer.
Oh, and you can always temporarily block signals in the main program if you're about to do something risky.
no that doesn't work. your f function takes double, and not a pointer to an array. and also your casting to a double is wrong. it's simply not correct to cast an double[4][2] to a double and expect that to work. for reasons i stated above. please don't do this.
just look at exceptions not derived from Exception. You won't catch them. this is a try to implement finally in a language that doesn't need it. would be roughly the same like trying to emulate destructors in Java
I can't test PHP directly, but I've tried this in some online PHP regex testers, and it works with two backslashes, but not with one or three.  Not that it matters; there shouldn't be any backslashes in that character class.  Just a right parenthesis.
Agreed, VB.net allows you to be pretty lazy and not use best practices.  Im not sure if the omission of parans is valid if option strict is set?
Ben, as always, you're right. Also for some reason, I had something extremely odd going on in my NIB. I had to recreate the objects in the NIB from scratch for it to work, even though the code never changed. I'm not sure why that happens and wish I understood. Thanks again for the insight.
Don't forget to put sale price on TBLORDERITEM as it may be different from unit price on TBLPRODUCT.
With every new product comes a slew of people who don't understand it, but instead of admitting such, give way to attacking it instead. Microsoft's MVC implementation takes a lot from existing implementations such as Rails and Monorail. That you don't understand the method doesn't make it suck.
Roskoto, see my answer. This answer's code, beautiful as it is, is not the Sieve of Eratosthenes.
As usual, you can get all the gory details on Wikipedia. http:en.wikipedia.orgwikiModel-view-controller
Recently, i read this article: http:habrahabr.rublogsdjango46087
Yep, this is a classic C++ gotcha.
My colleagues are still using 2005 only, so if I commit a 2008 project file change, the main code base will be broken.
Hey you changed your name! (sorry I just noticed ^^)
Not sure where you'd get the Font or Size without going into System.Drawing....
PNG has a lossless and a lossy version actually. Still, they are designed for images, not general data.
You could fairly easily implement exactly what you're describing as your own view engine and ditch the WebForms solution entirely.
J.F. Sebastian: I'm not sure I agree that a PerlLikeDict has the same invariants as a standard dict.  I think it would be better to override contains.
Who cares if it's correct.  It was accepted.
That is, pick negative a such that it is b2 mod b, e.g. b=10 and a=-5. Then c=-1+1=0, but ((int)-5-5)10 is -1. But yeah, this is correct except when a is negative and b divides a-b2; sorry for my first comment.
Nice example of double evaluation!
What term would you suggest?  Lessons learned or something suitably neutral like that?
Oh wait, I didn't notice it was using jQuery. Thanks for that!
this could be improved with an itertools.tee()
Time to earn your Peer Pressure badge :)  Happy Christmas.
Try Monaco 9 instead :)
fixed up the question and it's title a bit.
No, Hoare never said this; it was Knuth all the time except when he attributed Hoare by mistake. Please look it up. (I don't like to link to my own blog, but this is important... http:shreevatsa.wordpress.com20080516 )
Nitpicking: F is an impure functional programming language, not a pure one. And most people would categorize C as a general purpose programming language (as opposed to a domain specific language) which supports multiple programming paradigms, in particular object-oriented and imperative style.
Have a look at CachedRowSet.  I think it has all the functionality that you're looking for, without the overhead of having to maintain this code.
cross-posted in the datejs group (so far no answers): http:groups.google.comgroupdatejsbrowsethreadthreada22314de997450b9ff7fd4bb27ac3657
I'm intending to write a script to do the processing.  What I'm looking for is the syntax for a file that the script can read to determine what files to operate on.
To cope with integers not 32 bits wide, what about a mask like (1 << std::numericlimits<int>::digits) or without templates ((1 << (CHARBIT  (sizeof (int)-1))) << (CHARBIT-1))
Is this not the same question as http:stackoverflow.comquestions232386 ? If so, how did you miss that when asking this one? It's the VERY FIRST suggestion when typing in your question!
You should be using CAC only ;)
And for Pike: http:stackoverflow.comquestions394574394734
There are several ways to escape from badly built chroots, once a process has gained root, e.g. by mknod+mount of the root file system. To really lock down a process under Linux use SE-Linux.
Not quite the complete algorithm I was hoping for, but certainly a good start, thanks!
thank you but what actually happens, why when I removed the passing parameter the owner will be MDI child, and if I passed it (without setting the owner explicitly) the owner will be MDI parent??
As you can see, code is simpler than pictures.  Pare your code down to the absolute fewest lines that show your problem.  Post those.  Pictures aren't as accurate as a slimmed-down-to-the-essential-problem code snippets.
Used PSP3 for 10 years until I figured out layers!  You are on day 2089 of your 30 day trial... Now using store-bought PSP6
Brilliantly put!
Why 0 auto vs auto?  Not a CSS buff so the obvious may be the answer
yes the sum will not work but let us see a new way to convert anagram word into a unique number
Yes, the designer is a 'stupid' instantiator. It can only instantiate concrete classes - non-abstract, non-generic. This is true for both the base class and any controls  components that are on the control you are editing. Hopefully, they'll fix it someday...
it made my system crash because of swapping caused by too little memory.
Yes I would like the code. Send it to thomaschaafgmail.com
Here's the hint -- since this works for new-style classes, don't use old-style classes.  There's no point to using old-style classes.
Oh yeah, and even though it's a Swedish university, everything is in english!
least squares can be multivariate.  gil strang's intro to applied mathematics has a very nice, readable discussion.
Btw thanks for the reply. Learnt something new here,
I don't know exactly on which point HttpWebRequest.CookieContainer is updated, but I guess it is during the async request.
Your solution does work very well.
rashneon, See Laodimos's answer, Scott Evernden's answer, or Paolo Bergantino's answer (which are all the same thing).
Interesting technique.
GAA!!!
See my post on usergrails.codehaus.org. The claim is this has been fixed in Grails 1.1. http:www.nabble.comDefine-Set-for-one-to-many-relationship--td21195999.html
If the form and its controls are bound to a datasource (which is in term a query based on your linked tables), you probably don't need to write any code (unless you want to intercept and chnage values before writing) in order to save changed info...
Would you prefer not being able to use Firefox at all?
Try again, with libmysqlclient.a a link to libmysqlclientr.a.
In this case, maybe you are more interested in the size taken by the tables (ie. number of blocks) than the number of rows.  You can get this from usertables
dan: try to find (anywhere) a published article that explains HOW the mitchondrial DNA of existing human beings proves that this outmigration event occured 100,000 - 200,000 years ago.
Pax, I highly agree with you, but in general the TAB key is larger.  Then again, the ESC key is usually isolated, so it's not easy to miss it hand hit another key on accident.  CAPSLOCK is a better idea, though.  Modifying your keyboard is the best option, maybe?  =]
Starting point should be boost::scopedptr, go for sharedptr only when you need that functionality.
I assumed your request was for answers to be in one of the suggested formats, not all of them.  I thought I answered the question as asked: When should one use a scripting language? (Not Which scripting language should you use.)
Well to be honest, I don't think of this as a substantial question, really.  Never mind that it's open ended, subjective, and is about summed up with Paul's answer anyway.
Thanks, I'll have to check this one out.
So, current possible solution I'm looking at is updating the Assembly File Version post-build so that everybody knows which build of the code you're looking at.
You have misunderstood the question. He is talking about the .svn directory that gets created on checkout, not about developers permissions on the repository
Yes, this is non HTTP-compliant though :)
Incrementing by 100 at a time will give you a lot of leeway for reordering, and you won't run out of numbers for a long time (even if they were 16-bit signed numbers - let alone 32-bit ones).  And you can do a renumber periodically if the gaps are getting small.
Yes, if the query processer has to read anything from the table, it reads the entire row. This is because the smallest piece of data it can read is a single 8kbyte page of disk space, and rows cannot span across pages.
See my edit -- it a couple of dozen different projects in different stages of life.  With my sync solution I can get all back in one shot if the drive dies instead of having to copy and rebuild all.
That should be effective.
Unfortunately, the US Treasury is increasing the risk of having long overflow.
[Steven A. Lowe]: Visualize wild success: sometimes I seem to lose myself into contemplation of my dreams and the effects of my application. Like anything, I guess it is a matter of finding the right dose. What I find most difficult is finding the will and patience to refactor, reengineer, etc. Thx
Thanks for the link! I just tried a few more DMSes, but no one satisfies our needs : Many are overkill, while others miss our point completely.. Maybe we should roll our own..
All of the code in the normal path will tend to float up and group together under this idiom, whilst making slow progress to the right. As opposed to having 4-5 lines of error handling in the middle of the normal path, to let you forget what's being achieved
Hi,
You are unfortunately abusing assertions. Assert statements are to detect things that should not happen, and are programming errors. Using assertions to check for success of fopen is broken.
anyway, i feel it's better to enable all warnings, than enable only a few but enable -Werror just because otherwise one wouldn't be able to compile without errors. but this seems to be a quite subjective matter :)
For now as a work around I am setting the top border of the tab control off, and adding a 1 pixel width rectangle on the betwen the right edge of the tab and the right edge of the tabcontrol container.  There must be a beter way.
Yes, but isn't calling plain old objects associative arrays even more confusing?
That's the problem with the web, e-mail, etc. - it filters out tongue in cheek.  I can't see your tongue or your cheek; I can't hear the irony in your voice.
The -DDEBUGGING is extra debugging stuff, not just the stuff yuo'd get from a normal -d.
Just about to post the same answer... good call
Again, I suggest explicitly defining this particular RESTful resource collection as random.  And, that's compatible with SQL, so there's a precedent.
Lifting code? How is Person.Name different than table.Rows[0].Field<string>(Name), other than in syntax? Sure it looks nicer, but there's no real benefit IMO. The moderately advanced developer already has a library of methods to retrieve data from the db. He's not rewriting this on every project.
Yeah, I'm sorry for any confusion.  I beleive that it is an HTTP request timeout.  As anything that has timed out I've been able run again with my logged data and it worked fine.  So the timeout is a bit of a mystery.  In any case the client hasn't gotten a timeout since  I've just been logging.
I'm a unix noob - can you explain how I can confirm that my terminal is in UTF-8 and how I can update it?
You fail to share code. No way anyone tries it based on this description.
This is interesting, but very cryptic.
Yeap. I agree, but snippet files are one thing, but copypasting inside one single app is wrong. Mhhh of course you can't avoid repeat print for instance. Or for( int i = 0 ; i < arr.length ; i++ ) but I think these fall in a different category :-S  +1 for a good point
I wonder why this has only 2 vote while Lisp version is over 10?
Oh, my.  I've got nothing then.  Which servletJSP engine are you using, Jetty or Tomcat?  Which version?
Juan : That put me into confusion again. If std::string can keep unicode characters, what is special with std::wstring?
simple and effective
you have to start with 1 classjar in the classpath.
it should work fine, as long as you have the DIV in your HTML markup, and ONLY for IE as indicated in the article.
By JDK I mean the plain old J2SE when you download Java from Sun before you even attempt to add an application server. Yeah, I'm amazed that people attempt to be J2EE experts with shaky SE foundations.
Just trying to make some sense of the original question, asked in terms of calloption().
Once the port is allocated, no other socket can connect to that port.  Do you mean to add that once a socket is destroyed the port is freed?
Not exactly true. It doesn't really matter whether a component I free manually has an owner or not - the destruction of the object triggers Notification() on the owner, so it removes the sender from its list of owned objects. But I agree, passing nil as AOwner works just as well.
Agree with Andrew Cox: that does sound like a possible cause.
Yep, there is nothing most programming languages to prevent you from writing huge unstructure monolithic lumps of code.  Worse still, some people do ;)
Why are you creating yet another open source CMS when there's already excellent established solutions like Drupal and Joomla?
oops, I see eclipse in there now, my bad, still would be useful to know what steps you've taken
Kind of terse, but poetic, too...
My brain can't handle simple math today. That's exactly what I was trying to do. +1 to you.
Primary keys are required to be unique, but are not required to be constant.  Hence foreign keys declared with ON UPDATE CASCADE.  But making an assumption that primary keys are constant helps to simplify many applications.  This is one benefit of surrogate keys.
Add: C works on platforms that don't support VB such as XNAXBox 360.
Everybody stand back...
Thanks, I didn't know about the overloaded version. It works now.
Yes, these work with VC6. I've updated my answer.
I would not say he is incorrect but rather that he describes what should be the state of applications. Unfortunately, most applications use low-level stuff like the sockets API but they should not. And using AFINET is certainly a big mistake: fire the programmer!
Well, that's okay.  But you're having an argument with a chunk of silicon, it won't listen nor talk back.  Post to connect.microsoft.com
This sort of EAFP depends in part on whether the exceptions you test for are going to occur very often. If they are unlikely, then EAFP is reasonable.  If they are common, then LBYL may be better. The answer probably also depends on the exception handling paradigm available. In C, LBYL is necessary.
I agree. nzduck said he didn't want to do it from the codebehind. This method still allows you to use the templating facilities of the WebForms view engine.
You certainly can compress random data, it'll just end up using nearly the same amount of space.
I wonder who came up with the idea of implementing IDisposable explicitly in an important class with such heavy implementations.
Thanks a lot moocha. That not only worked, but also taught me something I didn't know.
Luke: An old style object is created with TMyObject = object instead of TMyObject = class or even TMyObject = class(TObject). Old style objects have been deprecated for a long time, and are only there for backwards compatibility.
I can't seem to find the Thread method, let me fully qualify it sorry!
I won't agree that font's for programming  console are same. Unless you program in VIM :)
In the script that you use to generate the build id, you may want to compare the current id in the header with the new id, and do nothing is they are the same.
For the OP: When using a one-way hash such as MD5 or SHA12, you can't decrypt it. That is, you won't be able to recover the original plaintext password from the hash string. To test the password when the user logs in, apply the same hash to the inputted password and compare the two hashes.
There are two types of optimisation, by architecture and by code.  Architecural optimisation is clearly needed before you write code.  However the term 'premature optimization' really applies to efforts to write code optimally instead of simply.  This is evil.
As much as I like PowerShell, it is not a good solution for this many rows. The script has been running for at least 5 min using 1.7 GB of memory.
It is equivalent.  Luckily Prairie Dogg realized that this code is ugly. :)
For unit test 1 it would be more efficient to handle the complement of the base set.
I understand it's generated by .net, hence my question. Some third party controls have their Javascript in files and I can modify it and was wondering if asp.net had anything similar. I know that .net can be debugged but that seems overkill and probably very time consuming.
I stand corrected (by Benjamin Peterson). heapq uses a C implementation, which is fast.
There is no limit to the number of pieces of stock that can be used.
I will if someone can't point me to something better that is already written.
Diodeus: But why declare an array when you are not using it as such? If you declare it as an object, it's clear that it's being used as an associative array. If you declare it as an array, people will expect that it's something indexed by integers, which in this case it isn't.
Or you could make your entire program one (reaaaly long) line of code. That's always fun.
duplicate: http:stackoverflow.comquestions49378deploy-mysql-server-db-with-net-application
Why are you raising 5 to a power of 8?  Why not do a shift operation for speed.
Yeah, but the framework design guidelines are about identifiers in code rather than UI. Still, I thought it was worth bringing up purely for the on vs in debate.
that website is so full of crap.
Do you really believe that by typing in capitals it makes people more likely to answer your question?
I agree with you, I'm just trying to be fair to all possibly guilty parties. This should be easy to confirm with a simple Html page, maybe with a little JS, if necessary.
Why don't you want to use the httpmodule? It should work with any asp.net framework, be it webforms, monorail or asp.net mvc
Thanks Anthony.  I don't need the using keyword (or import) because these classes are in the same namespace and project).  I think you may be right about a separate library project - especially for my DAL.  If my business logic was in a separate project it would make nUnit testing easier too...
examples:
Why did i get downvoted?
Thanks for the feedback.  I've updated the question to make it clearer to others.
Even so, I should understand the risks in deriving from a non-frozen class. Any changes you make in an unsealed class carry the same penalty, so all you're doing by making everything default-sealed is making it harder to use your code in my own way.
These sorts of solutions only work when the target variable is of an integral type.  More general solutions can be made to work on other useful target types, such as arrays.
Please edit OP to include more info instead of posting answers.
bruceatk, copy & paste code is very bad. suppose you ind a bug and fix one of the copied pieces, then it is difficult to track down all the copies to fix the bug there too.
Well they are the cause of me not being able to use stop on throw in java. Evil by itself, since it's a GOOD THING.
I did it for him (and you)
Well, if you're explicitly catching those exceptions in any code that calls your validation routine, this shouldn't even be an afterthought.
In Firefox, a longer right column bleeds over to the left to fill the whole width. :(
Primary Keys are enforced through indexes.  By default, SQL Server will cluster the primary key index.  By 'un-clustering' it, and clustering the index on the PartNumber column, you will probably get some improvement in performance.  Without actually trying it, it's impossible to guess how much.
You don't need to store the fractions - just keep a fixed scaling factor in mind. For example, your type stores 11000 cent, then just divide your result at the end by this factor (100,000) to get it in dollars.
What about the GAE?
Thanks, didn't know about this!
That was actually slower
While you are right with being able to apply styles based on the data of the bound context I'd much prefer just to switch styles entirely - otherwise they become too intermingled...
Process takes away energy that makes code better - that applies to coders good and bad.
Is it possible to do it using AJAX. I want a progress bar that does the same when loading gmail inbox
Yes, I would suspect. But the whole fun starts when the training algo (I'm using evolutionary one that allows to pick the network structure) is being run on multiple machines))
GordonG Perhaps I should have said the more 'external' process...
It doesn't float halfway the page anymore... but now it's not at the bottom on shorter pages -.-   This is driving me nuts. I'll start all over again tonight. I'll rewrite the CSS. Thanks for the help!
No, we don't.  The only network component involved in the service is the SMTP connection component.
or wait for C4 which will have covariance;-)
Statement: Yes, they do.
Probably because you can say that something is 'Groupable' because it's implementing the interface, but you can't guarantee that it is 'Grouped'.
This is a bit farfetched, but could you write a script to change all the public methods to private, just to run those PMD rules?  You'd have to rename all your currently private methods so you can undo the damage.
I ended up doing something very similar to this. I added an ORDER BY id ASC on the result of the UNION, so the rows came back as intended. You'll need to change the first ORDER to be by id DESC, otherwise the first few rows will always come back.
Well ok, I guess so. silly me :)
That's great, thanks!
1 - the assemblies must be loaded in the Excel appdomain?
The distinction between rehashing and chaining is an interesting one to note.  Thanks.  In either case though, there's still some kind of collision resolution taking place that's going to have some impact on performance.  Are you saying that this is less when chaining?
rmeador - Actually, I'd still attach the call to the Save method to the Accept button in frmSettings. I'd use a business tier to retrieve and set actual values, and put calls to these in the load and save methods of frmSettings. You could then use the business tier to get settings when needed.
MSDN:If an application requires normal Users to have write access to an application specific subdirectory of CSIDLCOMMONAPPDATA, then the application must explicitly modify the security on that sub-directory during application setup.  I didn't write the installer, that must be what we are doing.
sounds like homework?
Wow I never knew that. I will do those timing tests.
It's been a while since I did C++, but as a I recall, you shouldn't need to copy the DLLs.  It should all be handled through the configuration properties as stated above shouldn't it?  Anyway, since this is the only answer that even mentions the properties ... +1.
printf (er, puts) debugging is no substitute for a good debugger.
You are taking the statement out of context.  I said assuming that it adheres to the class library guidelines.  If it does, then the finalizer will call the protected Dispose implementation which will free the resources.
Shog9- I wish I could upvote your comment.  The Poster Test was very illuminating.
Been there (both the places). +1
In which case, my point is precisely the same, that someone needs to do this work. If everyone is accountable then no one is accountable.
I may still need some convincing. I am very tempted to have this in place in our project. If the entire team is held accountable (and, say, their bonuses depend on the project's success), I see team members motivating and pushing each other to meet the target. But again, that's the happy path.
Wow, never even heard of that!  Unfortunately, the flicker wasn't helped by that.  Any other ideas?
For a more complete, fully Unicode compatible version - http:stackoverflow.comquestions249087how-do-i-remove-diacritics-accents-from-a-string-in-net
But fixing the Sigmoid1 brought the speed advantage down to 10x. Additionally it is possible to improve Sigmoid2 by 2ms by saving intermediate value. 
sounds to me like a SQL junkie feels threatened and tries to belittle a technology without really learning it...
+1, IETester's been great for me.
Basically the same suggestion as done by RS Conley, right?
I didn't bother getting smart there. I thought it better to keep that one real simple and close to http:en.wikipedia.orgwikiApproximationerror
Broken: corrupted db file. For e.g. what happens if the computer suddenly shuts down? Can the db file be corrupted? If that happens, can it be recovered automatically?
Thanks. Asante. Shukria. Shukran. Tenkyu tru. Obligad. Merci. Gracias. Arigato. Xie xie. Navazish.
Haha! I already use that on projects I don't want. If I'm pressured to quote for something I don't want to do, I automatically double my estimate.  It's win win, either I get paid ridiculously for a project I don't want to do or I don't do a project I didn't want to do - can't lose.
Are you sure you mean GPRS and not GPS?
Related idea from Stephen Colebourne: http:www.jroller.comscolebourneentryjava7nulldefaultand
Java PHP - Have you ever taken a programming class with any women?  It is embarrassing how many of the men drool uncontrollably and I'm sure it is quite uncomfortable for most of the women.
A DLL can run directly if you're using rundll32.exe
that's not part of my salery, we are a start up so I am vested.
Yes, that's why I didn't want to let your answer go to waste
Indeed, working with raw bytes will make it faster, you can just use result += (data[i] - 0x30)  currentPower; and I suspect the IL is much cleaner.. Using a decent profiler you could pinpoint the line of code which is the biggest bottleneck and try to optimize that even more..
I've used views succesfuly with nHibernate, if you've got time to spend learning it, it might be worthwhile.
This is a great idea (you get an up vote), but breaks down quickly for more complex patterns, I think.  How would you create a prefix regex for the following pattern? a(bcBC)d
What language is that?
Of course it can. 
I am taking about the generic service dlls which are hosted in svchost.exe or servicee.exe
I guess I agree. There are better ways to do it, but I need something that is incredibly to do registrationstransfers. Any other recommendations?
Thanks.  After looking at that answer, I think I'll go with the hidden background process approach mentioned by many helpful answerscomments.
this is only borderline programming related really, but personally I do use task management apps to keep track of next steps in programming projects.
Offensive? Come on. He's using his product to illustrate a real-world application of VistaDB, and he's honest enough to tell us that he works on the product.
+1 for the ignore list
jcollum, nether. I want the debugger to stop at the point of throw but only if the exception is going to be caught at a given location.
What about Knuth? :(
If your references depend are linked to other software than can exist in different versions (Excel 2003 or Excel 2007 for example), the installer solution will not give the expected results.
Somehow I don't really think this is a bit of code that really should be working.
Having said that, I'm not sure that there are any cultures that don't have a seven day week! :)
I used the word safe in the same manner like in the C word, when they talk about unsafe mode. can you hint a better word?
... but if it's your own hardware you're responsible for it and of course you should be capable of swapping a failing harddrive.  Basic familiarity with hardware is necessary as a coder - sometimes simply because failing hardware can cause software issues.
You only need to test a custom (derived from DefaultModelBinder or implementing IModelBinder) model binder
RoBorg, you are a legend! I'll buy you an e-beer for that (though they never taste as good...)  IE 6 and 7 both look like FF.  It's so good and so simple I'm in shock.  Still waiting on browsershots.org to render IE8. I wonder if this trick will work on other divs styling other pages on the site...
i so much like this sort of question :) it causes a aha! effect on the readers, and it gives much points to a right answer :) +1 indeed
What does your code look like?
It's a yank thing, I've haven't seen Pez anywhere in europe, only the states. Stephen King regularly references Pez when writing about Kids back in the days when he was young http:en.wikipedia.orgwikiPEZ
I think i may have to use jquery, was holding off because its another 50Kb people must download to view the page.
Instruments looks awesome, how do I run it?
Actually, PHB said they'll need more eunuch programmers, and Dilbert asks him if he means Unix.
Wasn't it mentioned in his question that he could not use bulk insert?
Indexed properties seem like a good direction. I am skeptical about the ability to actually submit data as array elements. I also have to adopt the struts documentation examples to work in my code which I have failed so far.
When I open my bankaccount, It does have   0,- on it, after that, I can start putting money on it. Sorry I'm no native English speakerwriter, but the message was clear ;-) And naturally if you need to enter the kids age it is 0 years (not always months, etc is available to choose from)
Good point about the indexing, they have probably added searches for their scripts (and maybe even lines of javascript) so giving them your website usage stats isn't much different
i am looking for a generic version.
Just saw in our system an em-dash in UTF8, that should have been mapped to an ASCII minus (otherwise you can't search on it). How big is my problem?
Tip: many of the sysinternals apps are now executable directly off the site. Of course you may still want a portable copy for disconnected situations.
The answer may not talk about efficiency, but jQuery is definitely one of the fastest and most efficient JS libraries out there.
Realizing that MembershipUserCollection doesn't implement IEnumerable<T> either, which complicates things a little
Basically I don't want lots of variables laying around just to be able to pass it to a method. It becomes more apparent when you use method that has 5, 6 out paramaters.
litb, the reason char const s = &bar; does not compile is that bar is a constant and not an lvalue, so you can't take the address of it.  It is the same as int p = &5; which won't compile either.
Could you explain what the ConcurrentHashMap does for those of us who aren't familiar with it?
I saw that nm gave the version of GLIBC after the symbol name so I found those used:
I believe the best practice is HTTP Basic-Auth over HTTPS. You can of course roll your own form-based authentication if that results in less server-side code to maintain.
Would you be able to elaborate on the nightmare that triggers can induce?  I haven't really worked with triggers that much, so it'd be nice to know what I'm getting into.
I came here to mention LinkedHashMap, which I used for a LRU cache recently.
Comptrol: I don't think so.  Both will end up calling the copy-constructor, even though the first one LOOKS like the assignment operator, it is really the copy-constructor.
Interesting - money DOES work.  Any ideas why?
In the latest spec's BMP also allows contents to be PNG or JPEG compressed.
The same - <a href=pagelocation>Location on Page<a>
Bet you can squeeze a little more performance out of this by using a System.Collections.BitArray rather than an int[].
What do you mean Depth? I presume it's parallel joins, not serial joins.
I think you'll need to explain a lot more about what you are doing and how you have already tried to do it.
I don't know what the 3rd paragraph is getting at.  The preprocessor knows nothing about types.
Better is IIF([Field3] IS NULL, 999, [Field3]) because it will work in both Jet and MS Access and avoids known issues with data typing (which affects sorting) with NZ(). For other reasons, see http:allenbrowne.comQueryPerfIssue.html.
I've updated my question with my current solution - I think that might explain my problem better than I have been.
pop: There is a C runtime library. It includes all the functions required by the C standard that a platform supports.
Yeah; I've built a CMake bare system that even does translation updating. However the project in Eclipse looks fugly..
What's the value of this information? :
Now that I reread your examples it seems like what you are really looking for is how to look for the last day of the month, at some point in month in the future, which is a slightly different question.
Yep, I have Krug's book. The only downsideis that a lot of it is focused on design for quick-scan web surfing, which is not always the same as an enterprise web application.
Same as your data access layer.  If you're hiding EVERYTHING behind a service then you're adding unnecessary complexity in my opinion (of course I don't know what domain you work in).  You can create your own membership providers & expose through WCF if you want.
He wants the context path too.
See my edited answer.
Thanks for the specific example, that is exactly what I need.
Good point - I have looked at the exe in Depends and it looks okay
This has pushed me in the right direction, I also found http:en.csharp-online.netCreatingCustomASP.NETAJAXClientControls IScriptControl.GetScriptReferencesMethod .My problem still remains though, the ScriptManager adds the references after the script in the head.
If that's the case, then it may be more efficient.
Oh - sorry. I should have explained that. It's a web-feed to a property portal (in this case, www.fish4.co.uk), so it is web-content, delivered in an XML element, hence the CDATA tags.
TOTALLY agree. But the CBO can and WILL be wrong. No code that complex could ever hope to be perfect. I'm a TK devotee and he's right. Not to mention that 90 of programmers and DBA's don't know when the CBO is actually wrong and it's just being lied to.
Every type of programming is a wrapper over another wrapper. .NET is a wrapper over Win32, which is a wrapper over low-level C, which is a wrapper over assembler, which is a wrapper over binary. This is not news.
I'm not sure why this got downvoted...  Of the answers so far, it's the closest to my understanding of the meanings of the terms.
Good luck! Maybe I'm just ill-informed but I've not heard of ProvideX. With such a specific question about a not-too-widely adopted database, you may be better off finding the forums provided by the vendor.  Maybe I'm wrong and there's hundreds of SO users who can help. I kinda doubt it.
Yes there are several places where this feature probably be ignored. For about 95 of what I code it would be useful.
at Codepad.org: same result (explicit specialization in non-namespace scope 'struct CUtil')
I've had this issue intermittently as well. Good to know I'm not going crazy.
how about the project I referenced?  which would you choose?  thank you.
Greg: Done. Thanks for the suggestion.
My comment was confusing. The content is dynamic, but the page initially renders out of the template and remains static for Google or users without Javascript. AJAX can leverage the same template as the data changes.
If you don't want to have big binary blobs in your repository, you can have two, one for code and one for tools, or just keep the current official version of each tool in a normal directory. But you must definitively track the tools you use for any important enviroment.
Your answer suggests that all sorting algorithms at their best are O(nlogn), however, that is only true for comparison sorts. You can sort an array of integral types in O(n). Regardless, for retrieving the min or max, one loop over the array is fastest.
your comment is only true when interpreting it simultaneously, which is a perspective which is far removed from what multi-threading is about.
You beat me to it!
Seems like a duplicate of http:stackoverflow.comquestions80091diff-a-ruby-string-or-array
if other columns are needed, this can still be used as subquery to restrict output from table with other columns.
The title makes perfect sense for me actually...
Joe, in the context of Bill's question, I think they are equivalent. Bill's talking about printf debugging. Whether the debugger is integrated with the editor and the compiler is immaterial at that point.
Jeff, please explain how it's helpful to know who is the primary author.
Ok...I would declare my class normally with all my properties and then go ALT + INS and pick up the properties you want .... the generated code looks like with the naming convetion you wanted ....
you don't specify which flavor....LINQ to Objects? LINQ to XML? LINQ to SQL?  The first two I agree with you, the last one I don't use.
lol. Always do backups before anything critical. I've been using phpmyadmin for years, but only after I back up the database using a bash script. Never had to restore back to it.
changing the active row
fun always seems ambiguous to me, because it's a word in it's own right.
What does it mean by not working?
+1 for a working concept, but I'm pretty sure that you can't declare int i inside the for(...) when using C (as opposed to C++). The declaration of i would have to be outside the for loop.
your function stops working if called repeatedly - it will return NaN on the second call...
yes, or my fav, since they are so easy to copy & run..
 krosenvold: It depends what you use the DI container for. If you use it to create a few services there's no problem. If you use it to create large amounts of domain objects the overhead is certainly a problem.
Seconded, we also use Trac for wikiscmticketing, and Jabber for chat.
You could always write that in one line and use perl -n or perl -e to execute it but IMHO a small script like this is easier to handle, especially if you want to keep it and modify it later for other patterns.
Oh, agreed. Just thought it would be useful to show a variety of methods in case someone wanted to know, specifically, how to do it with awk.
That's a beautiful article. Did you read it? :)
or,    if (CallSomefunc() && CallSomeOtherFunc() && CallSomeThirdFunc() && ...)  
Ahh, that would make sense... in that case I'd probably lean toward the extension method idea.
ah, did not see that
Whoops! Thanks for catching that.
If I'm not mistaken, this is what I did, except I didn't normalize the scores. What do you gain by normalizing, anyway? The largest score wins in either case, no?
just read the article. hungarian have several meanings. The word type means not the integer but coordinate or weight. So coordX=weightY is wrong in that hungarian. And the method weightConvert(coordX) is also wrong. And you see this error just from looking at code.
JavaScript is not block scoped, so wouldn't this just have the same result?
Exactly.  Lowering the barrier to entry doesn't make smart people dumb, it just brings down the average.
Do you have access to SQL Management Studio?
Good points; I missed that it was C. It just occurred to me that using the exception handler itself might be the easiest way from point A to B, so to speak. :)
Anthony, it depends on the type of programming you do. Just because someone programs say for instance databases doesn't mean he has seen all there is to programming. Hence I mentioned CG.
The assumption that a constant won't change (like in this post, indicated by the responses) is EXACTLY the problem and the reason you should just never hardcode.
Well, it also discouraged because partway through a computation some data has been changed but other data hasn't.  If that data is not supposed to be cleaned up (that is, if it's visible outside the thread), you'll have a big problem if the thread is killed without a chance to make things right.
Could you double-check that URL andor what SO does to it?
Nice idea, but since Windows 2000, the OS has code to prevent that kind of thing, so malware can't replace system files. It could also cause problems with upgrades.
Great answers, links - thanks!
I have actually modified our internal cfdebug page ( [cfroot]wwwrootWEB-INFdebug.cfm ) to check for a hidden parameter to dump the queries on an as needed basis.
OK, I'm glad you found someone to help. But the question was how so tell me how you found this project.
Which TreeView Control are you using?  Is this XUL or something?
You should cross-post that tidbit at http:www.postgresql.orgdocs8.3interactiveddl-inherit.html
The only way this tends to cause unexpected behavior is when the return value of getProcess() changes its cv-qualifier (i.e., becomes volatile). The constcast<> will succeed, but it will be doing something much different compared to the original intent. An assignment would catch that.
The articles under the link were VERY helpful. The most relevant thing I've learned is that I should reserve the needed memory once on the beggining of the computations. I can easily catch OutOfMemory there.
Hmm, my bad. No, you're not missing anything. You're completely right, Perl has closures. So that point is completely irrelevant. I've been learning functional programming on the side, and I've only heard of closures in reference to fp-langauges, C, or even Java. Never Perl. Bad assumptions. Sorry.
Unless you are doing log shipping, in which case you probably don't want to set the recovery model to simple, unless you want to lose some data.
test2 = recordshash.eachkey,value key also returns the string mentioned above, though, even though the return value should be key, right?
You'll have fewer fragmentation hazards using the heap in your situation.  By using the stack, you're insisting that the memory must be allocated on the stack.  If you have a dynamically-resizable stack, the heap can use that space or any other big-enough chunk.  Use RAII for scoped deletion.
This looks good, and the same i want for my application. I don't have the PHP code.
+1 for the second paragraph
Also there's a bug in the latest PHP (5.2.8) that can make apache segfault in dompdf: http:bugs.php.netbug.php?id=44182
Eventually, it looked like there really were no partial data returns -- the data being returned was the data which got sent, so it was most likely an app-level issue with a timeout. The app probably just displayed whatever we sent in the dialog box when it got any SQL Error.
In any case I definitely up-voted your answer and particularly appreciate the practical points and experience with the application.
That's the solution I'm looking for.
I guess that foo, bar, and baz are meant to be aligned.
degree in astrophysics ftw :P
And consequently refactoring it into a class is pretty trivial in the unlikely case that becomes useful. I bet there's a tool in VS to do it for you - and elsewhere as well if you're not using VS.
the turing test belongs to philosophy, not to programming
ok - so to confirm - Access is not available? Anyway, if you can access Jet with ADO, you can also open an Access mdb database from within Excel with Excel VBA and store the data there - you wouldn't even need Access installed to do that.
+1 So true it hurts
Very clever!   I'm impressed!   Once piece of advice:  You might want to use '' rather than '!' as the s separator character if you plan to run this on the command-line in CSHTCSH.  (! is special even inside single-quotes.)
The reason I suggested using jQuery was because different browsers require different code to access elements. If you use jQuery instead of 'childNodes' or 'children', you don't have to worry about which property to use.
This is a nice, concise answer to the types of problems that a C garbage collector will run into. But you can have a conservative GC - so it's not necessarily impossible to have a C garbage collector, but it is tricky. See http:www.hpl.hp.compersonalHansBoehmgcgcdescr.html for some details.
i guess that's it. triggers would be of good use here now. thanks for the answers.
just use implode(', ',POST['services']) to get a comma separated list. Note: you will need to check to make sure POST['services'] exists or even better is an array already with: if(isarray(POST['services'])
Save it to where?  Somewhere on your server? Or somewhere on your client?
Yes, sorry, saw it too late. I should read the questions more carefully.
Jonathan making your software English is not for English-only people. It's for everybody. Dutch on the other hand, is for Dutch-only people. That said, I don't agree that this is the reason I should not trust their product. I will agree with Robert, they don't convince me either.
again, LISP machines and APL code were the original ideas... and failures.
That's a software engineering thing, not a computing thing
Does vertices.resize(vertexCount);  need a second argument?
Here is a good article that explains in detail how to accomplish plugins in this manner: http:www.nuclex.orgarticlesbuilding-a-better-plugin-architecturecomment-738
I prefer xs >>= f = concat  map f xs myself.
and the loop doesn't create 200 controls, look at my comment on http:stackoverflow.comquestions433833dynamic-creation-of-control433841
can you please explain the type of circular references you can use in C++ but not in Java?
configuratoir - as far as I know you can do this but I think you'll have to use pinvoke to call the Win32 APIs (not a big deal for these APIs) - I'm not sure if there's a framework equivalent.
Oh. There it is...thanks.
Thank you very much. What do you mean by manually filter in code ? also, one error that I constanly getting is some 
Blast from the past!
np, my pleasure.
Except you can't return an anon-type (cleanly) from GetUserAnswers. You can do it via object, but that isn't pretty.
Looks like a good optimization to me! coords[] is never used and has no side effects when assigned too. Just because the compiler is smarter than you don't complain (It will NEVER remove stuff that you need, use or has a side effect).
That only tells me how long it takes the page to load on my system.  I want to know how long it takes to load on the user's system.
catch is that you will need to learn OOP true, except when you're starting with This is a variable, this is a condition, this is a loop, it's a long time before you hit declaring and using your own classes. There are useful lies to children (http:en.wikipedia.orgwikiLie-to-children) cont.
I think you're right, I've just been having a read about query notifications they seem to be the correct answer to the problem I have. Thanks.
lol - in a debate one side is right and the other is wrong, in a holy war it's the other way around
-1, this doesn't say that everything in .NET is an object - it just says that Object is the base class for all classes.  The number 1 is not an object until it's boxed into one - which isn't always.
You can do declarative transactions in straight Hibernate.  I'm not sure what avoids dangling sessions means here.
You can use sprintf that does not require a length.  Also this will not work with strings as he asked...
Have you seen this? http:tldp.orgHOWTODB2-HOWTO
I would change that to Known only to him or her instead of Known
Yes, that's what I meant.
Does ItemClick not cause a postback?  If it's all on the client, what about menuItem.Attributes[onclick] = script; ?
yuck ... but whatever works for you I suppose ...
That pretty much covers my opinion as well.
Yeah I screwed up in what I was asking.  I meant how are value types handled in refout versus by reference.
Serious? They cannot put ip address rules into the firewall for that domain??
Osama, what I mean is for me to go through all my changed files, perform diffs to see what changed and come up with meaningful comments describing my changes each time I want to take work home I think would take longer than just waiting to copy my VM. I realise commiting itself is very quick.
I chose vmware because of it's snapshot feature. I don't think virtual box has this but please let me know if I'm mistaken.
There is a vast difference between built on nothing and not using frameworks for every single aspect of my project.
It is working on my site (www.viajeros.com). Try it in firebug: (divfooter a :not(div a));
Closures can bite you in the ass if you're not careful.
Yo dawg, we heard you liked virtualization.
matli - there's some thickness on my part. I have used man ld, but it never occurred to me to use 'man ld.so'. Only Googling on LDDEBUG once I'd heard of it got me into the neighborhood.
No problem, I'm glad I could help...
I tried to reverse engineer the DLL, but all I was able to get was class and function names. The client really doesn't have any clue what goes on in the functions. I have a decent idea, but I have no way of knowing all the details.
Not accurate...the computation outlined mishandles 12:01 AM and 12:01 PM.
I really think you would want to separate the web server from the higher-level web framework.
You actually only have to test the prime numbers up to the square root of the number you are trying to factor.
oh wow...i am sure thats all your bookmarks!!
And ReportOpener is a view.
Yep, i know. That part should be fine though, I usually only perform one operation on the database at a time. All of this is part of a fairly simple CMS for a website.
exactly right. it's to loosely couple the data layer to the rest of the site. so when he wants to drop L2S and replace it with Subtext or anything else, he only modifies one project, not multiple projects.
You might want to try YAF (Yet Another Forum). This is an ASP.NET open source forum. Never used it though!
Excellent answer, well done!
Thanks again for the help! 
What does ExecuteNonQuery() return? That'll tell you how many rows were affected.
nope. c => c is Chicken is correct, becuase Chicken : Animal (chicken inherits animal).
What about simultaneous write in one thread and delete in another?  (delete is essentially a special kind of write; one that obliterates the item being pointed to).
I'm not sure I see what you mean. The plugin interface has only one function: GetUserControl(). After that, the UserControl is added to the form and driven by UI events.
I did not say that they are independent. If there is a dependence then they need to be on the same form (e.g. customers, orders)?
Thank you for the answer, hellra1ser. It is still, essentially a loop through all of the elements, but I like that it is tucked away in a category.
Essentially synchronized(this) is exposed because it means that external code can affect the operation of your class.  So I assert that you must document it as interface, even if the language does not.
Some users may use a blank password.
I generally use C++, file IO is generally the bottleneck.  Imagine a 1GB file made up of a hierarchy of objects that are changing all the time.  You can't just write the whole file out every time one of the objects in the hierarchy changes.
hahaha!  the funny thing is you can just embed a google search box on your blog, so she may even think google is nothing but a blog!
Yes, I thought about writing back to the DB but the grades are entered as fast as possible and I'm afraid that beating up my server with thousands of little hits and repainting my table would not be conducive to a good user experience.  :)
+1 for rpartition. I didn't know about it.
ctake forgive my ignorance, but how would you do that ? Create a new variable ?
yes, i commented that one guys answer that called delete in addition to calling deleteMe. i believed you call delete this; in that function, so he would effectively call delete two times.
Outlaw Programmer: that's what he said. ...since the collection is not necessarily sorted...
Re naming: reversing the arrows on one of your pictures gives the other.  I'd say that by analogy, calling this octopus is reasonable if misleading rather than simply wrong.
Yes, but you can use assembly code in a C program
The site is password protected, https. The queries will run with a db user that only has select table, select view and update table permissions. There will be version control on the data in the DB itself, so they can always roleback incorrect queries.
There already is a visual query builder. This is to supplement that for advanced queries that cannot be handled visually.
Duplicate of:
Ehh...well if it is about programming then it is a dupe. If it is not then it is non-programming...I couldn't tell so I went with not a real question. Feel free to reopen then it can be closed for the reason that suits you.
Another difference is that c in your while example might reference variables of the body. It should rather be
S.Lott - From the docs that Pat linked: the first item of this list, path[0], is the directory containing the script that was used to invoke the Python interpreter. so it should be correct for what I want but I have decided to use os.path.abspath(file) :)
I have already done a lot of small changes and updated Mono from 1.9.1 to 2.0.1 and then compiled 2.2 from source. It cuts everything from the first space in the string.
Thank you for your suggestions. I'll leave the SSD idea hanging for the time being - I can always purchase one later and just bump it into my system - something that isn't quite as possible to do with a motherboard.
Why are you still working with 1.1?
Spencer: Maybe because it is not up to him.
Yeah, it's unfortunate.  More unfortunate that I don't know jack about Flash really, so I can't roll my own (in a timely manner).
The only change I would make is to put the semicolon before the comment
Yuval, https:developer.mozilla.orgenXMLHttpRequestabort()
Thanks, something like this might be workable, as unit testing will become integral to their development and maintenance work.  There may be issues with people writing valueless unit tests to meet the objective when they could be doing more useful work, though.
One of the moderators will close one of the questions as a duplicate, you can choose which one to close, they might close this one.
How are the events attached in the first place? Are you using a library (eg Prototype, jQuery, etc)?
If that  with no furhter support in later windows system holds, than  this sucks badly.
I would second the part about the abstract methodproperty (regardless of the unexplained response). Worst case, you could make it public abstract object UniqueId if int doesn't work.
Wont the signal still stop your program even though you redirect stderr to devnull? How can that help? either way, shouldn't you exec 2>devstderr to get it back to stderr?
Yes, but I don't want stderr to go to the screen. I want stderr to go to the file, and with I achieve this with >&.
Ah, thanks for that. I'm new to Django and it seams I was confused. You're right there's no magical SQL call that'll do what I'm asking.
Another thing I'm worried about with adding BRs is whether you'll be able to update them when the size changes.  If the user resizes their browser etc. you'll need to take out those that you previously put in, else they'll have weird unnatural line breaks in addition to the browser's own ones.
Fair enough...  In that case I think it needs some sort of hump for food and water storage over long periods, in case of drought...  :)
Why ^.(?=.6,)? Wouldn't ^(?=.6,) be enough to enforce the length requirement?
What do you mean by cannot load the web service?  Do you get an error?  Does the request time out?  What is the HTTP response code (if any)?
I just get a page that says Internet Explorer cannot display the web page...
rmeador, There are really two questions.  Both the title and last sentence suggest wanting to know valid uses of delete this;.  I hope I answered that.  The middle does suggest a question of why delete this in a dtor.  I agree to do so appears to be insane.
+1, would accept answer if it summarized yours, Jekke, and Ivan's.
FryGuy the 50 (or any other known number!) a priori is a must precondition to make a decision... If I tell you a priori 100 sure that there are 23 red balls then the problem is trivial, both people can be equally confident... too many data missing here, I think
+1 for v. I've used vim for so long without knowing
Thanks, I can see how that can be helpful normally but with a large file transfer it will try to transfer the whole file first and timeout on each and every chunk (taking longer than a normal file transfer would). I would have hoped it would have given me the option of failing immediately.
You make a good point, I think some of the other proposed solutions here (XSLT, XPATH or XDocument) will save me from some pain in the future.
I wasn't sure about sizeof against string literals. In general, I'd suggest C++ and std::string. :-)
they didn't.  however use of terms such as non-blocking suggests Unix.
There's a few solutions I can think of, but I think they all use javascript. I'd be interested to see if anyone can do one out of pure CSS+HTML
I certainly think that it's important for a language to be Turing complete.  I just isn't practical, since any language that is designed to be useful for real work will end up Turing complete.
Paolo, There is no outer link. Visually, there is, but semantically there isn't. Instead, the inner link is 100 the width of the parent, and 100 the height too. No matter where you click on the parent, you will be clicking on the inner link.
Furthermore, Foundation provides two inline functions named NSPointTo,FromCGPoint. No need for pointer casting or a union.
Alexander, Thanks for pointing that out.  I forgot Except had that behavior
I understood everything in your answer up until the word A
Thanks!  A quick check in usrincludebitserrno.h confirmed that errno is indeed defined to be per-thread when using threads, on my Ubundu machine.
Creative Commons do not recommend this. http:wiki.creativecommons.orgFAQCanIuseaCreativeCommonslicenseforsoftware.3F
Blog Entries: http:homepage.mac.comslottiblogarchitectureC465799452E20080111205451index.html, http:homepage.mac.comslottiblogarchitectureC465799452E20080119082306index.html, http:homepage.mac.comslottiblogarchitectureC465799452E20080126181253index.html
So I can split the method in 2, one opens the file stream and calls the second passing the file stream, that way I will be able to unit test the second one. A complete coverage test would read from the disk?
I don't know about the IPhone, but on handheld and embedded devices it's common that there is no physical difference between video and system memory. This is called unified memory.
By the way, as an alternative to a separate nxt data member, CC++ programmers would usually just set nxtnum to NULL at the end of the list and test for that.
Thanks, I've picked up a few things from your coding and will try to get it working properly.
I want specify SqlConnection in the caller code. I will not use it only when MultipleActiveResultSets=true because my class has other methods, not shown in this post, that creates a multiples instances for when MultipleActiveResultSets=false
Yes I meant the literal method
Those are only good for matching US addresses. While you're at it, you should just ping the domain and check it's valid. Then you don't have to make a regex that contains every suffix imaginable.
Thanks - I didn't want to do that initially as I didn't want to create noise for Ruby-only people.
morgancodes, it will indeed!  I was adding that to my answer as you were commenting.
That allows you to use new T() in the constructor
We do this here (http:msdn.microsoft.comen-uslibraryms251671(VS.80).aspx). Not too hard to use, but note that it uses SQL Server 2005 Reporting Services to do server-based generation (but not local generation).
calling readlines() reads the entire file into memory - using 'for line in file' could be better
Thanks for the reply - I really need a way of connecting without username and password with anonymous user due to the need to fulfil a specific requirement, so I'll have a go at my own implementation and providing a patch.
I've used it in the past and liked it. The API is a mess though, so expect a learning curve beyond your usual .NET API.
It did say sharpdevelop: I don't know why the revision doesn't show.
Some people allow Flash, but have Javascript turned off. Why depend on Javascript when you can have the best of both worlds?
Also, you're gonna have to implement your own enumerator.  Not that hard, imho.
Yes BeginInvokeEnInvoke uses the threadpool, I learned that in this forum. See http:stackoverflow.comquestions442991c-iasyncresult-and-the-thread-pool and http:msdn.microsoft.comen-uslibrary2e08f6yc.aspx .
You have a typo:
Right.  Your first test wouldn't even compile.  The code you'd write would be the implementation of DoSearch, which would probably just return an empty collection.  Your second test might be something like DoSearchReturnsOneResultForKnownQuery, and you'd just modify the code to return 1 fake Book.
Well we don't have any language support for iterating backwards either. I have to say, I can't remember the last time I needed to do it. Do you find yourself regularly in such a situation?
It sounds like you are assuming that the filter is using the filename extension to determine that the file is a png?  If that is what the filter is truly doing you could be out of luck.  Try changing the extension of the png file in your first example and see what happens.
I use Knowledgebase at my work and it is very slow when loading a topic that has a simple picture in it. Maybe it's fixed in a later release.
Actually should be <?php echo htmlspecialchars(SERVER['PHPSELF']); ?>, like any time you output text to HTML, to stop injection exploits.
Not in e.g. Ruby, where it automatically switches to a big integer representation.
How would I detect if a file is opened while my program is running?
I think his question is quite clear.  He wants to know the total events at the time when the most events were started and not yet ended.
+1 outstanding answer.
Perform a detailed analysis of the lock usage throughout the program and choose a more appropriate locking scheme.
Ok...I have VS2008 installed...Will that be fine?
jrandomhacker: `test` is used to allow instances of `test`'s subclasses to be put into the vector (OOP habit).
Yes, everything works well except the total record count.
Thank you Mark and Jon for your informative replies. :)
but i agree with you: i'm often relucant of putting the code into headers, because when i change it, it affects all the code having called it, and often defining in headers requires including at least one other header that the code depends on. (not always tho. for simple getters, i put them there).
Awesome, glad it helped out!
Not quite. If you don't set the capacityIncrement on a Vector, it will default to doubling its size when additional capacity is needed.
You're right :-)
In normal Asymmetric encryption, encryption is done with the recipients public key, not your private key.
You beat me to the punch ;)
I love you :-) While I have voted the other comment so far up too; what you are suggesting is very much in the line of what I am working on. I will use git, I will use github, I want automatically adding (so I don't have to do it manually. However I think there is room for more than one pm.
Thanks - I'll take a look at log4cxx
+1 but i would strengthen your summaryto : Do not call ANY methods from the constructor. Have an explicit Initialize method for that sort of thing if you really need it.
Good points. I've been doing so many very similar operations this evening that I've gotten a little copy-and-paste happy.
Yes (for example: `string s = new XText(x & y).ToString();`) - probably reasonably efficiently.
+1 this is the official recommendation, and also makes the most sense to me.
It should still work: it worked before!  Is the code really better if the code went from ugly and working to beatiful and should be working.
Mitch Wheat: I thought I was clear on the question: How do I implement the database polling? The rest of the question was intended to show why this needed to happen in the app, with no help from the database. Sorry for the incorrect terminology (AccessJet), I didn't know it'd be such an issue.
Perhaps it would be useful to ask why you think you need function overloading to begin with. I think that will get us closer to a real solution.
This is for a homework assignment, isn't it? Have you asked your instructor for help yet? That's what he or she is being paid for, after all.
so for you inheritance is a byproduct of refactoring and not pre-planned; an interesting perspective
Your last SQL is incorrect - by removing the REPLACE, you left the LTRIM function with the parameters of REPLACE. Put back the REPLACE and try the SQL statement in Query analyzer... Make it work there and then bring it back to ASP. Also, make sure StoredPath is defined - it should be at least ''.
Rob - I stand humbled.  I have no idea what I was thinking - of course you are right.  Sorry Cade.
Voted up for trying to answer the question in a positive manner.
Changed to using xalan:evaluate()  but still giving the same error.
There are differences between them.
Much easier to annotate with comments as well
no it's not i don't need new file system, i need ability to create one using file instead of disk. It's really easy on linux using mount -o loop ...
Why are you not just using the built in threadpool class in .NET?
Never lock this :).  Otherwise I can mess up your algorithmn by locking externally.  Yes it's very bad practice to do so but how many times do you see people lock on an instance object?
I have to admit this is the first time I've seen double braces in Java. Great tip!!!
Unfortunately most periods involving datetimes are not constant (months are 28-31 days long, years are 365366 days, etc...)
Unless he has a corporate requirement not to use anything new.  A lot of places aren't using WCF yet because they have myopic IT rules, etc.
If analysis tools have problems with overflowing unsigned integral values, they have problems.  That's perfectly legit in C.
Yikes. You are correct, never mind.
Since it will allways use SSL if not used internally in a secured network and using UUIDs for sessions the where it came from should not be a problem.
i'm glad you enjoyed reading it :)
Right now it only supports Eclipse. I've still got to do some cleanups and update the annotations database before I am presenting it at Eclipsecon at the end of March, but if you want to try it out, 
stop worrying is a terrible way to live in this industry. question everything is much better.
I know, but everything is being done on as a service on a windows machine. Which means I have no way of adding the ssh key unless it is done manually before had, which isn't an option.
And perhaps change the algorithm to use cached data and not load the raw files directly.
How are you currently publishing it? (Click Once? Through an MSI?)
+1 because this seems to be the answer that Vicky acknowledges solved the issue.
O.M.G! Kickin' it old skool! It makes me feel ooolllldddd. :-)
Answers are for answers, if you want to comment on his question, use the comments.
Next time, please leave out the -TF
You can just do XDocument doc = XDocument.Load(http:www...);
Instead, if a source file will be used in more than one project, then it should explicitly include whichever header files (including 'standard' header files) it needs.
That's true, annoying but tractable.
Jared:  The ArrayList constructor will take an ICollection, which is implemented by arrays.
Thanks Ricardo.  I'll be interested in seeing the other answers as well.
We can't write code for every deviant on the planet :-). Next you'll be wanting us to handle umlauts, grave, acute and circumflex accents and cedillas (is that even the right plural?).
I appritiate your help. Do you think a normal human being is a person that her first language is English? can you write perfect in my language ?
This won t work as  [^(<EM>)]  describes a character class and not just  <EM>  as assumed.
It works fine for me. Check your path and CSS validity.
I think free copies being given away at launch events may differ from country to country. I've never seen free copies being given away at my local events.
I've made an abstract class but I did not think of adding this to the constructor. Nice solution!
Updated - thanks gs
you can store all these intervalids in an array for management
Using the regex given above for 1-length it is not allowing hyphen.Can you check it please
maybe he did; but your link has died! :)
That would be following the letters of the law, but definitely not the spirit.
However, it is interesting to note that every modification made on Pointer in foo will only affect VoidPtr and not IntPtr (since I guess it was the aim of the OP).
I guess you mean www.madkit.org.
No error is output at all.
In IIS Manager, there's a section called Web Server Extensions. I believe it was adding in IIS6. It's part of MS's everything is turned off first initiative in IIS. You have to specifically allow .asp pages to run in IIS.
It's a mixed bag in the fw source, sometimes 'm' for private members, other times just ''. Makes me ill when I see 'm', it's so 90's. :)
Agreed. I edited my answer accordingly.
The advantage of using ConfigurationManager is that your separate libraries will pull the settings from the executing application when in use.
I am 99.9 sure I've encountered this before but I can't remember for the life of me what I did to fix it. I'm looking around now...
If a superclass has a private constructor, then the subclass won't even compile.
Edited.  Just out of interest, what is the difference between the Spanning set and the powerset?  The results for the example would be the same wouldnt they?  I know that this doesnt mean ut would hold for all examples.
Jared: You're right, I wouldn't say it was overkill either, just a bit more than needed to solve the OP's problem.
Thankfully, all the courses I'm taking at college are management-related (I already took all the programming-related ones, there are no more left), so I won't miss Visual Studio. Anyways, thanks.
OK. I get it. I guess that means that Javascript always represents carriage returns the UNIX way internally and through its APIs (i.e. `length()`). Somehow I gets converted to `rn` because the Java VM is running on Windows. I wish it was more uniform...
More than that, I'd say that if you don't want to suffer the compile & cache hit at some performance critical part of your application, you're best off to compile them before hand in a non-critical part of your application.
In my humble opinion - there's no such thing as declarative programming. Even if you say only WHAT needs to be done you still know HOW it will be done, and if you don't - weird things will happen from time to time and you will have no clue WHY until you know HOW. That's why humans are needed here.
It's only a major issue if you intend to use the type in situations that require a valid hash (such as in a HashTable). if that's the case, the easiest way might be to wrap the Point type in an immutable variant of your own that somehow achieves the three goals of GetHashCode.
Thanks for the attention, Arjan. It works fine here too, but my window has no Width=415 setted, because it is designed to be full screen. When I set width, it works well.
>> because not much can be passed to an order by clause to cause any harm.
If you record the time stamps as some point and then compare them to your record later, you'd know which files have changed in the meantime.
You're absolutely right, folding inner loops and getting rid of far jumps causes decreasing possible lost CPU cycles due to cache misses hence increasing performance from one side, but it increases the cache footprint from the other side.
Looks like quite a mess...
I ran the code exactly as it appears above and it exhibits said behavior.
Ah, i was very confused what you wanted. I'm guessing this relates to some of your other questions. Can you post a question with some more details on what you are trying to achieve overall with this temp table and i'll see if i can make something a bit more useful.
You also might want to explicitly pass 'null' to mean 'give me the default', however, especially if (a) a wrapper function which also has default arguments is calling it, or (b) you add extra arguments afterwards. The above is the common JavaScript idiom for default arguments.
+1 for the second paragraph, but it seems to contradict the first.  If the great new feature isn't appropriately paid for (blood, sweat, and tears should not be payment alone -- startups excluded), it would hurt the organization.
The : don't work for me,I recieve a compilation error.
Why, no.  (He said, blushing.)
Adding an index is a good thing but it doesn't solve the problem it just mutates it.  Now on the client instead of getting a deadlock exception i get an exception about violating the index.
Don't know.  One way to find out.  I'll put a double quote in a filename and see what happens...
plus in addition i had got the two clauses the wrong way round - which was key. so i had only almost got it working
Right, that's why I specifically used a literal string constant, which is guaranteed to be interned.
thats making my head spin :)
Thanks for all the answers, it's exactly what I was looking for!
Hmm, do you mean, make a filter attribute for view methods which will fill the Categories of the ViewModel?
I haven't use script debugger before. I tried it now. But couldn't figure it out. But in Firebug I can see the correct value for opacity :(
My knowledge mostly depends on the experiences that I have 3-4 years ago with .net 1.1 . I do not exactly know the main reason for that, even if I knew I don't remember now. However, whenever I got OOM exception, the dump file was showing 1.8GB total memory used, before 3GB switch it was 800MB.
To make this clear: you want all the rows, e.g. 100, 101, 102 ... 139 and this for all current rows?
I suggest you read the FAQ, in particular the very first questionanswer. Stack Overflow is a site for programming questions. It's not a site about building great web-sites or tools.
I've edited my answer to include a solution for this also. Still think the copy will be the easiest and fastest.
It's returning the same list as above =
As Dmitriy Matveev points out, you don't need the source code for the application using your DLL, but you'll still be able to see the source code and variables in your DLL, just not outside of it.
+1 as it seems to follow what we do.
Don: while I agree that FK constraint usage is proper and recommended I doubt hat most MySQL users use them. I've seen more than a thousand instances of MySQL in the past year and very few used the full relational and ACID features of modern MySQL. That said, dumpingreloading the schema is best.
But is it faster than using Python's built-in sort?
That's pretty much doing the combine and sort - you've just implemented the sort yourself.
That works because all of the string elements being concatenated are known at compile time.
wouldn't the fastest implementation in any given language be more interesting?
I need it as small as possible for use in a Silverlight app, with only the features I need. And I love to learn how it works.
there is no GridView in Windows Application, there is a DataGridView ;) - GridView is a web control.
This is code-golf, people. Not a nicest-code-competition.
The shift operator is truly evil. All I know is it's always the opposite of what you had thought when you used it :)
On the other hand, finding which points are within (say) ten miles of two points is fairly quick.  One part of this deals with polygons, one with circles, and the two should probably be treated separately.
Michael: agreed. I think that's what Kristopher is getting at with the last bit; if you're using S.W.F.Timer because it's convenient and fits your needs, then fine; if you're using it when it's plainly not applicable because it's all you know, then put down the mouse and read some MSDN.
Graza, yes, if the constructor is virtual. (As with Gamecat's example.)
Link: http:msdn.microsoft.comen-uslibraryms646360(VS.85).aspx
Such a good gotcha. It took me 3 days to find that I should kick off another thread in the OnStart and return.
+1. David: He is asking, no need to downvote because he is wrong.
Thanks everyone. This is very helpful.
Exactly because failed test are high priority, this is not a solution to the problem but a good way to antagonize your team andor manager.
The best part is that you don't have to rely on users mangling the URL to get to other files. Force the handler to require users to be authenticated, then perform a check in the database to determine if they have rights to that file. Then sharing urls won't even work without sharing logins as well.
I'm not sure if this is true in this case, but if cp.projectid is a unique field, then the distinct would not be required since it clearly states cp.projectid = 1 in the where clause.
Since you need to provide a non-JS version, links should not be used for POST. Design for Non JS and enhance it with Ajax, don't degrade.
In Java, there are checked exceptions, which have clear control-flow semantics.  It's not GOTO hell like everyone seems to think it is. As a Java developer of 8 years I can tell you that it's very easy to understand what the code is doing when you use checked exceptions.
Unfortunately it is another department in our company who developed it and it is now considered a legacy product. I guess I will have to persue this further with them. Thanks for the idea! :)
This is made even better when you bind them to 'application specific' back and forward mouse buttons!
The second line works. But the server is still using the other rules for the edit directory.
the problem is that it controls the about us page as well and not just the homepage. You could argue that 'about us' is a 'sub page' of the homepage. it just confused me a little at first when i'm trying to figure where to put in static content pages
There was an answer with the duplicate, I don't know where it went.
Could you explain why this is a bug please (and what the repercussions are)? I had to allocate memory in a similar way to another pointer to structure in another part of the program, otherwise the program would crash. I didn't try sizeof(SearchLibrary) though, so I'll have a go tomorrow.
Vyas - Well it certainly helps to be the boss, I suppose. But aside from that, if you work for a boss that isn't focused on results, I'd say find a better job. It's now or later because the company is ultimately going downhill if the management isn't focused on results.
I agree this is probably the best way. I have created 2 new questions for OS X  Windows specifics. http:stackoverflow.comquestions467600how-can-i-read-system-information-in-python-on-os-x and http:stackoverflow.comquestions467602how-can-i-read-system-information-in-python-on-windows
+1 - Very creative and very true - a perspective I hadn't even thought of.
this is a great answer, but in the last paragraph i still dont think thats a xss attack. an xss attack is where you inject javascript onto the legitimate sites website.
Oh, and if you don't want a proxy object, you and fully hydrate the Skills collection in the DAL by joining Employees with Skills and and mapping from the cartesian product.
I would remove references to heap too, it has nothing to do with explanation of type vs class
joemucchiello, go out and count all the popular name mangling, like data, data, mData, mdata, etc... . i think it justifies my use of usually.
+1 if you put the HTML attributes in double quotes ;)
+1 for your courage to piss off the bandwagonists
Good point peSHIr, in my rush to get the answer out I forgot about that.
+1: Use the features of the tool
Indeed. If that was supposed to be two parameters, the upstream code that generated it is wrong and needs to be fixed.
This will not work if the document is not DIV-based or yourdiv also includes further DIVs.
most files have permission 660, the file that will not display in order is 640. The date of the file is correctly changed.
Of course, everyone hates my analogies...
Why this would work in some cases, in my specific case that i'm working on the latest comment may not be the same for everyone.  I simplified the problem so I can get real code samples back that are manageable.
+1 (because that's all I can do).  In general, system RNGs often have problems, and going to Boost for a better one is often an excellent idea.
Unfortunately, as you probably know, in the real world there is no such thing as browser agnostic, only lowest common denominator
But then you'd have to go through the 100 classes and write an adapter for each one. Much more work than simply putting ': IAnimal' after those classes
I'm not an expert on encoding issues, but I'm pretty sure this is wrong.  UTF-8 is an encoding.  Django uses native unicode strings internally.
Information hiding is documentation. By removing crud from the API, the API becomes easier to learn. Go work on code with 150,000 methods, none of them private, and then see if you still feel like calling people idiots.
Also, all `0` might be a valid bit pattern for pointers on some machines: The standard allows for conversions to happen when casting `((void )0)` - the actual bit pattern of null pointers is unspecified!
DanM - actually, Perl's hashing will be very close to O(1), especially for this amount of elements (i.e. not very large)
Well, you did not really say that you do have a file with this specific name. But ok, it's something else then...
Could you post a code snippet in any language that shows how to implement this?
The jar file has a manifest file that defines the classpath used. You can't edit this with eclipse. >> Sure you can! Just create your own and point the Export > Jar - wizard to it in the Jar Manifest Specification window..
The correlated sub-select in the 'AS sub' table expression is a bit ungainly; why not use a join?
No, I wouldn't think so anyways. I don't see how that would make the primary user id in the main site table change to someone else's key during registration, though. At that point in the registration no session even exists.
Ah!  Now I see your point.  I was unaware that Filesystem relied on multiple libraries and now see the convenience of the stagelib directory.  These are, in fact, copies of all of lib files located in one place for convenience's sake.  Thank you.  I'm sorry I misunderstood you to begin with.
+1: Reference to the language reference
Interesting, I've just learned something new.
The most accepted solution is to throw an exception, I'd even question if any other strategy makes sense.
All good - just a lack of context and tone in comments.
You could still have invalid values with an enum, e.g. enum BananaColor  Yellow, Green ; BananaColor invalid = (BananaColor)123; Enums aren't properly type-safe so you still need to check for invalid values and throw.
Yes, you have to fork twice, once before the setsid (to create the new process), and another time after the setsid (to make sure your session and process group don't have a leading process).
what about a table of data, or a matrix, etc.
The drawback here is if images are turned off, or if a css-aware bot shows up, the title won't be visible.
And... this should probably be a community wiki, as there's no right answer
Works in C++ too ;)
ok... that seems to have been the problem... although i now have a new one.  I think i can solve it though.  It seems the default route conflicts with this one in that somesite.comvendorfind should bring up the find view but instead it treats it as a username
Srikanth - Its game going on here.... I will ask this question, and then you come and answer, I will accept your answer.... How naive!! Please don't pollute.
So my accepted answer was later rejected because someone took it and changed the join?
regarding xs:string I'm not sure what kind of failure you have, please provide more information
Yes I figure that would be the easiest way to do this manually. I just wondered whether the appassembler plugin could do this for you, i.e. pick up config files from, say, srcetc and copy them over to appnameetc.
However, this is a pet bug-bear of mine, and something people get wrong a lot!
Seems that this query works only with 2 clubs. When user has jumped around in Club1(team1)->Club1(team2)->Club2(team3), then I get 4 names listed: Club1,Club1,Club2,Club2.
Weird. My very similar tests show no significant difference between for and foreach when using arrays. Will investigate thoroughly in a blog post with a benchmark which other people can run and send me results for...
Thanks for your answer. I'm allready using file locking. But I'm not happy with this solutions. File locks tend to survive when processes crashes.
Same for me. With external tasks I usually include a classpath in the taskdef, but with some internal optional tasks (ssh, scp, scriptdef), I've not found a better solution than having the user copy the JARs to home.antlib   :-S
In my experience assigning anything to Obj.constructor doesn't change its Constructor. As a matter of fact such assignment seems to do nothing at all. ('hellowrld').constructor = Number still returns String with getType.
Even (or especially) in the more agile methodologies, it is important to understand risk before implementing. If you don't have a handle on your risk, you can't mitigate and will be forced to react instead of plan.
I love that this was marked offensive.
You can refer the following link http:www.codeproject.comscriptArticlesMemberArticles.aspx?amid=88625
yes, either that or Path=SelectedValue works, thanks!
I get a Sorry, there was a problem uploading your file. Please press back on your browser and try again error
Gortok: Righto. I'm about to commute home, and will then be eating etc. In other words, don't expect much for another 2 12 hours!
Comment to: Fast & responsive user experience - yes, though Java can be faster in some scenarios. GWT produces JavaScript, not Java for the browser.
that sounds like a really bad idea(tm)
What you are asking is the difference between a programmer a few years out of school and an architect with 20 years experience--it's the difference between coding and design.  But just realizing that there is a HUGE gap there is a great step in the right direction.
Duplicate of http:stackoverflow.comquestions448179organizing-actions-in-a-swing-application448195 , as pointed out by Dave Ray.
SmartHeap from MicroQuill
I think Greg's comment that the Customer.Delete() method was bad means that it's not a method you would generally place on a domain model. (Greg, please correct me if I'm wrong.) That would fit the ActiveRecord model. Repository isn't broken, it's meant for a specific purpose: persisting models.
A couple of things - you've declared a return value, but not actually returned one (just like me!) and your example can be simplified to: int[] array = new int[100].FillWith(42);
This isn't homework, one of my professors asked me if I could do it for fun. It would be very simple to just subtract one float from another, and if you do not have 0, then they are not the same. But I think this is simply an exercise in working with bits and binary logic.
Are you using threading for the worker process?
Depends if it's free and requires no setup besides the assembly dll to the bin folder
There are major differences within different languages(of your same subgroup) that can make or break a language for various projects.
Are you looking for Arabic in general or devices from a specific region? Some operators change the UserAgent so it might be easier to look for operator specific devices.
The answer from Chris Jester-Young ought to be the good answer there...  BTW this solution does not work if a filename begins with -.  At least, it needs -- after cp.
I agree that it looks weird.
Compiling is usually the way to go, but that's PHP (Zend something). I wonder if Py has other facilities for securing?
does it mean no way to see it in VS? Does it mean I must install log4net?
Something to note, IronPython 2.0 has beaten CPython in all the performance tests now.  IronPython 1.0 was about compatibility, 2.0 was about performance.  Keep in mind, its possible to use a JIT like Psyco to improve Cpython performance significantly (2x to 100x)
Can't all machines be represented as the set of inputs that they accept, i.e. a language?
Unfortunately, the described technique is useful only to capture unmatched text nodes. A text node may not be matched by any template but it still can be accessedcopied by the code of other templates. On the other side even if a text node is matched by a template it still may not be copied!
Yeah, it wasn't even a useful question to begin with.
Which is originally what C was written for on UNIX...
Hello... it seems like something is missing in your first line.
True, except for dynamiccast is not included.
It does provide for Paradox. Thanks i'm on it.
Why do you feel that you need this?
note that the difference is much smaller when you use anonymous classes
Could you please elaborate?
Is it me, or are these video tutorials really annoying. I'd rather just read the damn thing at my own pace without audio.
Yes, I don't want any cyrillic or Chinese characters, I just need the common Win-1252 symbols out (like     ). And it works.
This article you linked to shows how to use generics to perform serialization. I want a generic collection that can be serialized.
Konrad: You're right about goto of course - and probably that's the reason of still using the C switch syntax in C
http:social.microsoft.comForumsen-USnetfxbclthread0705a4a3-49bf-4295-8932-ac6466172f8b
Actually, the solution I use is very closely related to the Flag Sorting algorithm. I don't know if there's any relevant distinction.
Good answer and nearly exactly what I was after. I'll post my final solution which uses your recommendation. Thanks.
Andrew - I agree; indeed, given that the code is modifying the values too, it is pretty horrible.
+1 for working code (by the looks of it ...)
Since the code is old, we've developed our own framework (sort of ;-) over the time, but we don't use any standard JS framework.
Yes... I'm sitting on an enormous pile of undocumented legacy code, and examples of how to use it are far more valuable downstream (and provide more return on effort expended) than trying to reverse engineer proper per-function docs.
The last one, posted in the name 'Jens Roland'. It should be on the second page of comments (http:jaspan.comimprovedpersistentlogincookiebestpractice?page=1)
If you swap O(n^2) with O(n log(n)), this list will then be ordered from algorithms that scale excellently to those that scale horribly.  See the graph for illustration.
Thanks for your info. I want to support something reasonable, and for the app in question, I personally think that's XP and Vista. This is a contract I'm being offered and I need technical facts to talk the client out of supporting ancient systems. He went as far as putting Mac OS 7.5 on the list.
Someone might correct me on this, but aren't class membersproperties also stored on the heap? e.g. person.Age = 30; is on the heap
It really depends on what you mean by precise. I suspect you'd recommend using System.Decimal, despite the fact that that's a floating point type too. It's just we have different expectations of decimal numbers, and System.Decimal has a floating decimal point.
Technically you have only one account. You initially get a restricted token, when you elevate, you get an elevated token.
Thank you for the information regarding the module names :) .
cletus: use COUNT(b.parentID) instead of COUNT(1).  Where b is NULL because of the LEFT OUTER JOIN, it won't contribute to the count.  Also, LEFT JOINs are always outer joins.
Please reformat your code.  You need to indent all of it to make it show up as one big block of code.
yes. Values from each column in a separate array.
Yep, I think I'm going to refactor out the hierarchy and probably opt for the simple property approach. Great answer, thanks.
Virtual Treeview was updated to support Delphi 2009 on release, it's very widely used so many have an interest in keeping it working.
Business-Logic resides in the Client Application.
not quite, if you were already within a mode fork (for some useful purpose) default mode templates will not be referenced
If you think about legacy code as code which is hard to maintain, then the definition makes perfect sense imo.
This can yield incredibly bad results if for example the point first picked is enclosed by walls and can only reach 3 other points.
2 and 3 are the only reasons I've ever used them personally.
This doesn't seem to do any color coding?
This way you're doing it means that for each item in b you're looping through each item in b so performance dies on larger sets of data.
Thanks Mehrdad, just what I was looking for.
ProcessBuilder is exactly the tool for this purpose. You can easily hook the outerr of the process and even redirect the err to out so you don't have to monitor two streams (unless you want to). You will have to write the stream IO code yourself ... see BufferedInputReader.
Adjusting settings requires the the user exit the application! Not an ideal solution. From your first link:
Notice that the href property of the link button renders as javascript: so the fallback doesn't really work.
this IS what ORMs do.
... oh god, the .1 is part of the filename. Any idea what does it mean?
Unlike most concurrency problems, isn't this one easy to find?  At least you get an IllegalMonitorStateException here...
-1. At a minimum you would need to set IsBackground to true.
So this is my 3rd most viewed question, which is why it is titled as it was. Of course I know that I can't replace an entire degree with a book. But As I indicated, I have experience that replaces the majority of it. The question is about what sort of behind the scenes knowledge I am missing.
First thing that comes to mind is Wireshark
Thxs Cletus. IMHO there ought to be an intermediate numeric type like RealNumber (see above) encapsulating Float, Double, Long, Integer, Short). Otherwise, you have a lack of polymorphism ultimately resulting in code duplication for those types along with their corresponding unboxed primitive types.
-1: none of these options will solve the problem.
My TextBox is empty.  That's the problem.
this is the current object when you are in global scope.
And I thought the request to be able to downvote a user was stupid. Now my foot is in my mouth...
yep - now I remember - same thing with gracenote
I've been in cases like this. The only bad thing about it is how it looks on your resume or portfolio. You can't really say I did this project, but I personally didn't like the sound in the project description. Bitter-sweet.
i would skip step 3
Evan Teran, But that is REALLY easy to test.  return !(denominator & 1);
+1 to even out the score with LFSR Consulting ;)
mmr: Um no. The idea of threads is to allow for blocking IO and other tasks.
Mark - I thought there was a compiler option to automatically initialise memory to a known pattern like 0xdeadbeef (although that may be stack memory, not heap memory in this particular case).
You can still attach a debugger to a release build, and it is there that you will need all the help you can get
I agree, I wasn't super keen in making that distinguishment when writing my response but there are also many times that just the memory overhead will cause you to start swapping.
Hush hush, eye to eye? ;-)
Oh yeah! I'm just hooked on the Dev Express tools.
Unfortunately this is only for outgoing half-opened connections. My problem is to have more than 200 established connections with the server.
Hi Greg, Yes I tried LEA also but no joy.
string.asciiletters != (string.lowercase + string.uppercase). `lowercase`, `uppercase` are locale-dependant.
What is `result` and how does it get written to disk?
He didn't want to rewrite the entire file on updates.
Joel - I don't think there's a generic constraint for op overload
Of course if this is an AJAX page where the controls are created after the first page request then viewing the source in this method may not be possible.
It would be interesting to know why you want to do this. I assume you don't have any control over the site the external links point to?
In WPF there is no redraw (or equivalent) it is a Direct3D window.
Thanks Stephen. I could not find the error even after using Guard Malloc. The problem is that I am not getting any error when running the app on the simulator. It is causing trouble only with the device. Any suggestions? Thanks.
Hmm, debatable if it's clearer :-) We do still use binary fields for things but we tend to use enum like this in VB.NET:
You cannot talk to a control from multiple threads - at all - no matter how much synchronizing you do. Even if you only touch it from a background thread, and never from the GUI thread, that's not allowed.
To clarify: are you only interested in counting the total number of permutations?
Thanks.  I think this would work, but I believe this has the same issue I have... nested loopsrecursions over N elements.  Please correct me if I'm missing something.
Not disagreeing only pointing out that 400 might not be inline with the OP's question.  I have DW CS3 and it is a toss up between that and Notepad++ for me.
Hmm, an interesting idea, thanks, but I'd rather auto-correct the URL instead of just validating it. But validating it on entry might be good to do too.
Also, in an OO language, you should not need to use a recursive list of if(instanceof) to call a method.
If you run the program in the debugger what happens?  Visual Studio should show you which line has the access violation.
0000123.toi gives 123 - which makes sense to me. Hence the comparison fails when you turn that back into a string
re-inventing protected are we?
Short of writing a parser, which I really don't want to do - I would consider that overkill in this case.
I'd add an ORDER BY SortColumn to the end of the first statement as well, just in case.
I forgot, Enum has no TryParse method. I take it back, undo my downvote, and apologize. :)
If I wanted proxy generators and AOP, I'd use Spring.  Done.  8)  (But you know that as well as I do.)
+1 The http:www.parashift.comc++-faq-lite site is fantastic for all C++ questions.
I have. I can't find a damn xps document viewer thing on a page for the life of me.
I used vim for 5 years.  After 20 minutes in Emacs I swore I'd never go back.  Vim feels backwards.
Doh! Well spotted - fixed now...
Your arguments scope idea is good! +1
harry: Yea I submitted a uservoice ticket with that in it -- I found that if you tried something else, it works fine.
Funny I read that just this morning in the Linq in Action book
You set the correct css class for them and they do, don't they?
Please clarify your question. What do you mean by ordering sections?
If you clarify why you need this, better answers will come instead of you may have many, and it depends ...
You're right, but this somehow falls in the first option I pointed out. In that case you probably want your LAN address since you share your WAN address with other systems.
That's why you can edit your question. ;)
could you post your code?
+1: they were lied to.
This shouldn't make a difference, but have you tried applying !important to the style?
Is it possible to break it up into three <ul>'s?
Please keep us updated on what you find - I'm interested in this subject as well
Well, it's not as easy as using system() but at least such a solution exists!  Thanks for the strongest suggestion and link.
Excellent, I thought I'd installed 3.5 SP1 but I guess not!
You would then know how many RUNS of digits there are, but not whether they occupy the whole string (which was the question) or some part of it. Hence setting mystring to 3332b is the same as 3 with your scanning regex.
Yes, you are almost right, but external scripts included using a <script src=...> are not executed.
Looking at the timeout after a select call is implementation defined.  Relying on what your implementation does is at best non-portable.
BringtoFront did not do anything, however I dont have Application main form at all,  this is Systray background app..
Rod: A bare except should never be used unless the error is raised again, because it hides real errors.
Could you try it without the last two joins? So just check if it works correctly when searching for users in group 3 without any checking for group 5? I look at this and think that it should surely be the correct approach at least.
It would be pretty straightforward to do this exclusively with tables. I believe that the OP wants to do it via CSS only which is very valid methodology.
Nathan You're right. Corrected.
Looks like a misplaced ( or ) in my code.
Sam The web is html.  Html is text. Big fat binary lumps isn't the best way to render text.
You can't have a vector<Shape, string>. You can have a vector<Shape> and a vector<string>. For key-value lookup, you need a map.
Thanks for the explination, that sounds reasonable, however in testing that didn't work
True--SQL is rarely pretty.
I could re-create the bug in some cases. It occurred if I set a background colour of the one and only label I had in the data template. Not setting the background and there was no issue.
The percentage time is ONLY the time spent in the function in question.  Obviously so, else main would be the top function in every gprof profile.
I know, I wasn't disagreeing. Your answer is exactly right. I upvoted yours as well as adding my own comment.
Yep...I'm a product of the school of suck it and see too :)
TokenMacGuy: you mean this? - http:www.artima.comweblogsviewpost.jsp?thread=98196 map, reduce, filter, lambda were all to go in 3k originally
Ok in theory you are right, it is profiling but I only want to profile some operations, and I want it to be in the same results as the tests, and if the operation fails to perform the unit test alerts us. I want to unit test the profile, not profile the unit tests.
We have routines for displaying and logging output (printf simply won't work in our case) and in production code, you can only call them with string IDs. We can't miss a case where we print a string directly because there's no way to do it.
You are write a 10020 mesh cells (100 nodes in each directions) is hard to imagine in practice.
That's not what I want. I want to patch the file back into the repo and have SVN known that it's the same file.
That's an interesting stance; a young one too.  It's generally accepted that you should attempt to recover whenever there is hope to, and only fail as a last resort.  Fail fast in debug mode (ASSERT) but recover where possible in production or you are just going to crash lots with user input.
nice. I'll try that next time.
What you show isn't currying - it's partial application.
But I'll take your word for it that it can be faked in java; I can't envision it, my mind immediately phase-shifts into javascript mode.
How is this circular, exactly?  The question is fairly basic, so I gave a basic answer.  Is something deep needed here?
http:www.sourcegear.comvault
Blast them with raw machine code. Suffer!!! The assembler course was the most fun in had (during class time) in university.
Oh hi Mathew - and thanks for taking the time to answer my post. The beta sounds very interesting - as I'm sure you noticed, Redux already came closest to getting it all right in my round-up, so I'll be looking into it right away.
You could traverse the code and make it load those files (and execute them) dynamically as done here: http:www.codehouse.comjavascriptarticlesexternal
Thanks, that was the only way I had heard of.
Hi, When I run this script, I get error because it doesnt understand fi in if. I changed !binsh to !binsh, which gets around it. But the script just deletes the sql dump file and writes an empty .db file.
We're a Java shop so the version numbers are pretty arbitrary.  The version number is in the module's file name, like LoggingModule1.01.01.jar.  When there's a new version of a module, there are no build errors because projects must explicitly import the new version.  And yes, it's home grown.
this will not work because the DOM had not been loaded yet, so he can't use document.getElementById()...
Then i guess i need to recind the bounty answer. If [STAThread] is used to set the apps threading model, the original question still stands: are objects apartment bound?
LOL, I know... the timing is really close... I was only joking (and cried for only like 15 seconds anyway)
Vojislav +1 for lint.
I'm thinking it over - I'll see if I can come up with something for that part of the question :-)
I'd probably still use a helper, even if it was just going to be used multiple times in only one view.  Just create a helpers class for that view: NewCustomerViewHelpers, in the same namespace as the view so it doesn't conflict with other view helpers.  That's practically a codebehind file :)
XHTML 1.0 Transitional only I believe
Both perl and Java's current implementations use mergesort. .net uses quicksort. Python uses timsort.
It'll never work.
+1 - I didn't know about Migrator.NET. What do you know about the project status? I see it has been updated since Aug 05, 2008
Michael, thanks for the link btw :)
More info please...are you trying to run the tests in debug mode?  Are you trying to run some remote tests?  What do your tests do?
Konrad: I prefer to use the terminology relevant to the language in question. The C spec pretty clearly distinguishes between objects (instances of classes) and value type values.
.Net actually makes it pretty easy to fake it, but this answer is technically correct.
CEmail isn't marked as implementing IXmlSerializable. Is that intentional?
Thanks for the comments MattK, as you can see I worked out what it was :(
Yes, Java is similar, but we would like to make our core engine available and we don't want to maintain C and Java code bases. The reality is that we, and many other companies, have C code bases today that would arguably be more likely to run on Java someday if there were a C compiler.
The problem with Mainsoft, as Eric Sink pointed out in the article referred to, is that they have Enterprise Pricing which means that a five man ISV such as my company is not the kind of customer they are looking for. Their product is very expensive.
You're in a difficult situation and have to make the best of it.
Thanks for your answer.
I've voted for that suggestion as well, a while ago ...  Hope that once upon a time, they implement it
thanks Henk, I have updated the problem with the details. Doesn't the TSP come with Windows?
sorry my mistake
Categories are great - but I personally don't see how they get you around DI. Modifying an existing class is not the same as changing a full implementation.
The ld documentation wasn't very useful, at least with only a few hours' study. I tried adapting the compiler's default linker script, but gave up when I noticed it won't link even with the (unedited) extracted default script (while it of course links ok without a linker script).
I am worried if they are programmimng but still can not get to understand the use of source control.
Try setting window.location and make the redirect with javascript.
Hey, I just said Xerces is an overkill. Escaping can (and should) be handled by a single function or a lightweight library such as Genx: http:www.tbray.orgongoinggenxdocsGuide.html   Nemanja Trifunovic
I'm rejecting this answer, sorry.  It would add a crapton of requirements on users; I'm looking for the it just works solution.  There's no direct API, just an API for interacting with a local server, which requires Java and a proxy and has to own the browser process...  Thanks for the suggestion.
Good.. don't do it then ;)
Ok, I figured out how it works, and there is a flaw.  If you have a menu route two or three levels deep, it is only the last level that is not shown.  I would like for all dummy paths to be hidden.
-1 for emacs. Booo! Vim all the way, baby!  (p.s. I didn't really -1, honest.)
b) I fail to find anything under google for module interface that is relevant. Provide a link and I would reconsider.
Mark: Indeed. There is a concerted effort underway to merge these kinds of useless tags to increase signal and lessen noise.
This has a pretty good explanation of alternate stylesheets. http:www.alistapart.comarticlesalternate
The argument that it builds bad habits is the strongest I have seen against not de-allocating.
Well, I wouldn't say my old code makes me cringe.. apart from the unreal amount of comments.. but I don't think I'd write PutPixel quite the same way these days ;-)
mbeckish -  the whole point of having IDisposable objects is to free resources as soon as you stop using them.  It is up to your code to check if this resources are not in use anymore.
Could you explain the error in mine?
Unfortunately, our code is not responsible for the creation of the data source in question. Therefore, it cannot be defined as a bean in the XML file. The data source is being provided to our code via another framework that schedules our code for execution.
you're right, I just did a quick little experiment with it and it's not listing the movieclips. I think your only option is a recursive function. Or if you have control when the clips are placed, place each clip into an array when it goes on the stage, then loop through the array and stop.
Makes perfect sense. I completely forgot about block size.
Never seen this, despite using VS2008 all the time with VB.NET with Winforms and ASP.NET, on several computers, physical and virtual.  There are times when it takes its time formatting (cos the pre-compiler hasn't finished thinking yet) but not what you describe.  XP or Vista?
curious. if I just pass pf to print, it throws an encoding exception. it must be expecting ascii
Thanks Marc - edited. =)
OK, looks like this can't be done: Within a stored function or trigger, it is not permitted to modify a table that is already being used (for reading or writing) by the statement that invoked the function or trigger. http:dev.mysql.comdocrefman5.0enstored-program-restrictions.html :-(
It works. Thank you so much.
Should sm&c be sm&i ?
a C lib can work in far more places.
Hmm, thanks for the microcode explanation. I didn't realize that even the assembly is interpreted!
This is by far the book I have most intended to read :)
So use throwable if it is to be passed to the main or servlet to make logic decision? new Exception() if it is just to be logged?
Steven: I guess...  I would've hoped it would be obvious that this applies in any OO language (I know that the Java version is almost identical, but for the fact that methods are virtual by default, and it's probably the same with C), but in any case I've edited to make this more explicit.
It simply raises the bar, will it stop a motivitated attacker no of course not and I never tried to indicate otherwise...
I use Enterprise Library logging and the configuration only takes a couple of minutes. A small price to pay for handling exception logging across every tier of your application.
duh. That's completely right.
Take a look at the Trace class as the support for writing to the windows event log.  For caching, there are classes available to persist dictionary values.  You asked about open source, hence mono: the open source .Net implementation.
Joel: What if you redirect program output to a file, and then cat it?
does that mean christoph gets 2 geek points?
Is there a specific message that the COMException shows?
I'm away from my f environment (and will be for a week), I'll give it a try when I get back. Are you running the latest CTP release?
He did mention Excel so I assume he uses Windows.  And when people use Microsoft SQL Server, I have found it's about 50 likely that they tag the question simply sql.
Thanks Zach. I've edited my question to clarify that the class provides a getter to retrieve the value. So your recommendation is to throw an IllegalArgumentException? Or would you recommend creating my own unchecked exception?
Thanks, Jon.  I figure that this is a community and communities require a certain degree of care if they are to grow and flourish.
It's in all the design Pattern books I've read.
I don't think it would be that much of a stretch.  We have been coding in CC++ at school for most classes but when I come home and I'm not doing homework I've been doing personal projects in C.  There was no conflict and if you stretch out learning the languages over your 4 years, it isnt bad
Disappears with '-O3'. Maybe Apple's GCC has a lower default optimization level?
Can you elaborate on this? If I have a series of files scattered randomly across the disk, surely this would have an affect?
Yes, and sometimes it's merely a visual thing.  Also worth noting that anything inside the braces is considered a statement for those syntax constructs that accept only a single statement.
I think the negative vote is unwarranted considering that Nosredna didn't have the necessary rep to comment. Neutralized.
that shouldn't matter as long as the script is returned with appropriate content-encoding header
Actually, depending on the GC implementation, the JIT should already know that there are no more reads on that variable, and hence it is already eligible for collection.
Im pritty sure that you can do something like this in C. In VB.NET its just forced, and in C its optional?
I think modern operating system emulate continuous memory for the. Since the 80486 the x86-architecture supports paging to make it easy to rearrange the physical memory.
they also require 2-3 times the memory of an array-backed list, and the speed benefit for addingremoving is negligible until you've hit a huge number (100,000+) of nodes ... but they do have very predictable growth patterns, so are useful in marginal memory situations
I hate to ask .. but what's R4???
very commonly used by spell-checkers
Careful, with an explicit conversion information might be lost.
On your last point, it is not always the case. Depending on if the customer is a customer or coworker. If the tool is simple enough, command-line is is usable for a coworker.
Check this article http:support.microsoft.comkbq150777.
Fair enough... I'll hold my hands up to that one. +1 on your answer. :)
In your comment to my answer, you say the numbering starts at 1 in the second page. I thought this was what you wanted to achieve. If not, maybe you could edit your question to clarify. Thanks!
We're using a basic SVN repo but all of the developers keep a local dev copy on their machines and then we push it into a branch on the SVN repo and then right into production.  I feel like we really need to formalize the process and have a multi-step publishing process.
That did the trick. Thanks!
And if you want more functionality for a certain class (similar to subclassing), can he use template specialization?
The while loop has no noticeable performance difference than any other type of loop in an ECMAScript-based language. A while loop is basically a for loop without the initializer or counting expression. It only has the conditional loop test.
Uhh, its no-no everywhere :P. This is all local to dictToXml()
A reasonable concern.
Scott Dorman: OK it's shorter, but is it easier to understand?
I disagree.  Plenty of other languages do this -- see ASDF in CL.  The only way to use a module is to use it everywhere.
Well, why stop, I usually prefer Hybrids: http:www.cpaior.org but now we run into the commercial things so I better be quiet.
T.T why haven't i seen that in the documentation T.T
The problem is in fact related to exceptions, but the thing is, I caught the thrown exception using a try...catch block, but lines of code are still ignored.
Its a WinForm application.
Thanks a lot of the hint - tried it, doesn't work. I think the nodes are not implemented as AWT or Swing components, prefuse uses its own mechanism for layouting. That's probably why it doesn't care for calls to invalidate().
I'll edit to replace 'upcast' with 'downcast'.
Looking at the XML being parsed there is only one city node.  Same with the other things being pulled out of it.  So theoretically the XML conversion should work fine.
I thought the same thing, but they both use the same app pool.  I even tried switching the user from NetworkService, to LocalSystem, to LocalUser.  No luck.
I agree with you. But sometimes there are legitimate reasons to do this.
Thanks,But can we have manual comparison methods
Sun JVM is not enough, which VERSION of it? (Your answer was correct, I didnt' ask the right question. I assum everyone uses the Sun JVM)
+1 for slicehost. I love em!
Oops. Added the select. Too much bouncing between vb.net and c.
We I tried here last time it didn't work. The image was removed instantly, so I had to use the callback function, exactly like OP did.
what you wrote is very different from the example in the question, for example, what if x, y, or z  are equal to 0? Then your if returns false
Got to love XKCD
Why bother importing LINQ when Find, FindAll and Exists are already defined for the list?
It's a handy one.  I found out about it a while back when I was writing a lot of documentation for a wiki that also needed to have printed copies.
I think you meant roll overs not role overs :)
As there is no key (the value is the key) SortedList would be Award.
I've had some luck with the VRFY command, often with the smaller sites.  I think Google would return try sending it or something along those lines.
http:www.codinghorror.comblogarchives000214.html
There are some TLDs longer than 4 characters, such as .museum.
:( no preservation of formatting in comments.
1) Sounds like you should look into a SCM system.
I tried something like this...
No, don't cut the foreplay.  CreateThread() does not play nice with the C runtime.
No. You can just request it. As far as I know it should be free for a hotfix. I had to go through 'channels' where I am in order to get it, so I don't know whether our server support team had to raise an incident. I just told 'em how to fix it :)
In theory, sure.  But even in the example in that article you have exploded the CreditCard class constructor to possibly 6 members and this was just a simple example.  Having functions with 10+ parameters just to stick to ideology is not a good idea.
Nick: Thanks - just what am looking for :)
it's called mingw, or mingw32 I guess... I'll try finding the gcc documentation but I'm fairly new to C and C++ so certain aspects of it are hard to understand still
I like this approach as well, myself.
throws an error if myObj doesn't exist.
thanks for all the detail. migration complete! thanks.
Rails is thread-safe. http:guides.rubyonrails.org22releasenotes.htmlthreadsafety
Saw the smiley but, if it is wrong, let me know why. The first bit was conjecture but the rest was based on actual investigation (you're right though, I'm no domain expert). Still, I'd rather delete it than mislead someone (or worse, get downvoted by an actual domain expert).
Not at all because the core needs to response to GUI events, and the GUI needs to responde to core events. And maintaining that is very simple because I don t have to care about the GUI in the core (and vice versa).
jQuery and ASP.NET do work nicely together, so it must be something else. Have you tried setting break on all errors in a JavaScript debugger like Firebug?
I do need multiple rows though, but thanks.
actually I'm using a ListBox. I first posted ListView, but I edited that.
Vinze, can you elaborate on your suggestion please?
Since this can be changed to do what is intended, isn't this more a case of bad consequences when implementation does not match design?  I don't see why triggers are bad in this case as it Can be coded correctly...
your web-browser never contacts these websites directly, it always delegates request to your special proxy server running on localhost. I think you will have to start banging out some code to fully understand how it all fits together.
Can you refer me to a good book that can clear my concepts regarding inodes, filesystems etc.
My apologies Marc - I had not seen you answer in time to mark it as bountyable, and had not read the FAQ regarding bounty thoroughly enough. Thanks for your answer, next time I'm bountying I will be more on the ball.
I can't think of away to use existing Annotations out of the box, because you'd need something that works with UIElement, since that's (and it's subclasses) almost exclusively what you deal with in regular UI development. There may some third party project, but I'm unaware of it.
I see now, what database are you using?
thanks Samuel. I've never had more incorrect answers for a question. Somewhere between what I should do and what I can do, many answerers got lost.
Actually, not quite true. I thought so myself at first, but the Javadocs for Integer.valueOf(String) clearly state that it is equivalent to new Integer(Integer.parseInt(String)). Integer.valueOf(int) does indeed cache, though.
I had some issues with their product earlier and then I asked some question regarding high resolution icons in http:groups.google.segroupnet-reactor-users and I got a reply and a fix, but now it seems like they are hard to get hold of. To bad - it's a great product and I'm still using it
Can't you easily do this in the first method by moving the new operator into the static  block and wrapping it?
no, i only increments by 1 each time except for when i=12.  if that were not the case, I would never have seen a csv file that worked yet.  and yeah, I do incrememnt i in each of the first 3 if statements, but only if they are true
Behind a button. i.e. click the button and up the new page appears keeping your original page open.
:!myreverse does not work for me in Vim. It gives the output: binbash: myreverse: command not found
Totally get your point. I am an expert on javascript or floating point numeric, is there a datatype in js which uses fixed point arithmetic?
This won't work if you application is running in a virtual directory.
It takes just one command (`xmodmap ~.xmodmap-swap`, for example -- you can even make a shortcut to it in your taskbar) to swap the keys back to normal before giving it to someone else to use :)
Don't like the object[] route, but +1 for KeyValuePair. There's a non generic Pair class somewhere in the BCL that I also use occasionally, but all I recall is that it's somewhere in one of the Control namespaces (WebControl, Control, ComponentModel or something...)
-1: out-of-date MacOS info.
I don't know what they are.  I've never used the Netbeans profiler, but I've heard raves about it.
Why would the performance be fine on every other machine then?
Also in FF, use the web developer toolbar under tools it has validators
 close all other tabs  is much faster achieved by  :on  (for  only , i.e.  the only window to show ). :)
That's exactly the kind of thing I was looking for, thank you.  It turns out that yes, the values of the columns are always 1 and 0 (and I should have clarified this really) so that works as written.
You are right, that should work right? Nope. Because in order for me to see the function I have to set the function to static...which brings me to the issue in the first place. If I set it to static I get the error:  An object reference is required for the non-static field, method, or property.
Thats not what i meant.. what i meant was make a static variable that points to the form you want to manipulate..
Using server-side validation does not preclude the use of client-side validation: the two should be used in combination.
This has the same problem.  The base template won't know which subtemplate to include.
Yes, a materialized view would be recommendable, if he does not need the latest data all the time.
Actually,i couldnt do what i wanted.By your solution,i did postback Page and that was my question.
I use NH's SessionFactory to create the session I'm not sure how I could have it use a custom session class other than downloading the source code and modifying it. However if I just wanted to do that I'd just make it when Dispose() is called on the session that IsOpen returns false.
To pass a job interview at Fog Creek? :)
Hi Ryan
Well then, if you've convinced yourself, then go ahead!
That is false: GetFocus returns the window with the keyboard focus for the current thread's message queue. [...] Use the GetForegroundWindow function to retrieve the handle to the window with which the user is currently working.
Okay, just out of interest, if that's your point of view, why use a relational database at all?  Your intent is the exact opposite of what I advise all of my clients.  All I can say is ARGH!!!
This will be in the SAPGUI, you will have to be logged in to the right system and client of course with debug authorizations etc.
What a tacky website. It's 2009 people! But interesting product. Thanks for the link :)
This struct definitely helps me understand all the steps involved.  Thank you.  How would I go about generating the textures and glyph data though?
I've got high hopes for the new Palm Pre when it comes out.
One caveat to that option is that the matrix appears to get reshaped into a 1-by-length(a) vector, so you would have to call RESHAPE afterwards. This may be version specific (I am running MATLAB ver. 7.1).
Thanks, but it is more than a great question, it is a requirement that is bugging the crap out of me!
Thanks.  The problem that I described was actually caused by me (of course) :).  I had some other funny stuff going on in this project that I took over.
There are three known ways to map inheritance to a relational schema. Ref: http:www.castleproject.orgActiveRecorddocumentationtrunkusersguidetypehierarchy.html
We have the issue of those new to the team tend to drone endlessly.  A good SM will cut them short and instruct them offline on how it's done.
A hash will not guarantee uniqueness.
Thank you - It seemed better from Normalisation that everything the same shape was in the same table, but from an OO point of view it seemed they are independant. I hadn't appreciated that the DBM could of course efficiently access blocks of contiguous rows.
There are many more difference than just reserved words.
I agree, and I don't think that the situation you've described should be tolerated as a normal occurrence. If I kept running into this situation, I'd take a look at my requirements process, since I must be not doing it correctly. Burning out devs is the last thing on my mind, trust me.
magrok how is it off topic.
I think you might be right, what is the proper way to parse that?
Springloops has a built-in deploy system, that can push to your web-server, over ftp.
Just fyi, at http:github.comstuarthallowayprogramming-clojuretreemaster Halloway includes a copy of clojure and clojure-contrib that are the versions he uses for the book in it's current form.
Can you attach the code from your Render method?
Once you have parsed a detail line and done your reduction calculations make sure you aren't hanging on to any of the objects created from parsing the details.  Python GC is reference based.  As long as there is a reference to an object it won't get GC'ed.
I'd be interested to know how your approach compares to those offered by sixlettervariables.  I would expect the Split approach to be noticeably faster.
MSBuild does not hang.  It must be some memory leak in the IDE or something.  This is an acceptable work around for now...thanks.
It seems like the XML field is prevailing.  But I haven't gotten much for how to instantiate domain objects from the data.
well put. Most often, attempts to add flexibility just result in clutter. Simpler == better.
right,  that's pretty much exactly what I already do with the findfirst function.  So I guess I won't achieve anything by using a different function.  I was hoping for something that was designed to do the filtering for me (therefore would be more efficient).  I guess I'll stick.  thanks anyway :)
The only way I figured out how to use the API was to take the commandline tool (source), hack up the code (comment out parameters to the commandline that I didn't need) and trace through.  From there I was able to use the API docs to fill in the gaps.
Learning, are you trying these suggestions? I didn't need to execute the query first. I executed some other query, then executed CREATE VIEW ...  and it worked fine.
I think he just want to see the results in a specific order.
Thank you for the tip. I guess I can use this as a fallback solution, but as far as I can see this requires you to create a setup for each class that uses the logger. I wondered if it was a way to just specify this once, so that all classes using the logger would be automatically injected.
No thanks for the cancer stick: I'd prefer if you didn't refer to ACE as 'being Jet'. Jet is deprecated, ACE has a future. Agreed?
I might need to add overloaded methods for some of the fields to use either an id or the actual text value so properties doesn't work out all that well for me.
OLE DB (note the space) has providers not 'drivers', and none have the name MS Access. The ACE provider is named Microsoft.ACE.OLEDB.<version> and the deprecated Jet providers were named Microsoft.Jet.OLEDB.<version>.
Hi Graeme,
Need a correction: [..] and the tree is L (was N) levels deep. +1 anyway :)
I would like to use Decimal but the system is already in place with Float being used in hundreds of tables. To change them to another data type would be nearly impossible.
It's rather unclear what exactly you're trying to do - how about showing us some sourcecode?
Look in the apache logs for the error from the perl script.
and so does CodeIgniter: http:codeigniter.comuserguidelibrariespagination.html
Making String immutable was a great decision on the part of the Java designers (which is why that decision was also used in .NET). Otherwise we'd be defensively copying all over the place... <shudder>
Looks much nicer.  Other things to look at: random number generator quality & Monte-Carlo sampling where you fire samples until statistics say you've got a good estimate.  Bear in mind this sort of multi-sampling approach is never going to be fast (otherwise they wouldn't have invented radiosity).
Luckily, AROS is OSS. As you know by now I'm socially inept. :)
I'm not sure you can. There is simply insufficient type information available, and casting will be necessary if you have a parameterized AFV. Generics here are simply used to autocast behind the scenes. Drop generics and you will have to do a type check yourself with Class.isInstance for example.
Ohh, didnt know you could do that. Thanks.
he's suggesting you don't test it against the database defined in your web.config
I'll leave the discussion about being RESTful to Roy F. -- the prpblem with the orig. proposal mainly is getting it deployed, and getting the browser UI both attractive and secure. These points are avoided by T. Broyer's proposal.
Not that your are wrong, but your example case may not be the general case. For example check this guy's data:http:rtur.netblogpost20080320Fixed-vs-fluid-CSS-layout.aspx. A sizable number of people use wide or large screens.
Seems to be standard (at least in graphics) already: http:en.wikipedia.orgwikiClamping28graphics29
super doesn't seem to work, parent does.
it sounds like HTML Agility pack will probably work for me.
I think for the time being using a recursive query will work best.  I'm nervous about using triggers and I don't believe our data is going to have deep hierarchy.
Thanks Lars, I've gone a similar direction Neftali suggested.
Why not wrap the connection in a using block?
What is the question?
That's ok that Win32::Env::Path doesn't broadcast...it makes it easier to mess with the path at least, then you can use Win32::Env to broadcast.
Well, splitting angels on a hairy pin now! :) A 5in line is still about 600px. That's one col. In your typical three-column layout, with maybe two columns for content and one for navwidgets could easily surpass 1200px and still shouldn't impact readability. Point is: no harm in going fluidwide.
Very interesting, and definitely as complicated as I had figured. Any chance of annotating it and pointing out what it does? 
Set sounds good - but I would check the strategy it uses for distinct.  Hopefully it is hashing with o(1) characteristics, if it uses list enumeration with o(n) - switch to using Dictionary<type,object> and use a null for a value instead.
While everything you write is true (and well-said), the question is tagged MS Access, which means VBA. VBA in Access has historically had problems with not correctly updating the reference counts, so it is advisable as a matter of practice to explicitly clean up your object variables.
Can you RDP to your work pc or a pc on site?
Testing the real dependencies are correct isn't (formally speaking) unit-testable... because a unit-test, does just that: tests one unit, isolated from its real dependencies.
How come both int and int& could be deduced? There isn't any function declaring int parameter, rather only int&.i.e. void ret(int & var) . so T could only be int&, otherwise ret(int & var)'s signature won't be suitable with T. i.e ret(int var) is not possible. Thanks for your response.
I know I can do that, but that's not my question
As it happens I do have just an odd class but Ifigured I'd ask in the more general case when you wanted both.
code sample please?
I already have the server receiving messages from multiple clients, so msggetsndrcv and ftok aren't an issue for me. The challenge I'm facing is how to take a priority value from my message and enforce it on either the rate at which messages leave each server child, or the rate the data is read
SWMonkey, I said to turn off JIT since it's likely to compile the two pieces of code differently. Better to have it removed from the equation altogether.
That looks simple. But as Frederick said, looks like I will not get any benefit here if I use templates.
Well, it's a one second difference (or about 1.5 seconds in the no-JIT case), but I'll give it a try. In the JIT case I would expect to see some convergence between the ST and MT runs just because JIT runtime as a  of overall runtime grows. Lemme give it a try though. One sec.
Hi Paul. I put the sum back up to 1B (instead of 100M) and reran. I just did one sample each for ST and MT but here they are: ST=180281 ms; MT=186516 ms. ST is 6+ seconds faster, which is consistent with the expectation I originally announced.
So can the pagefile be set to zero in large memory systems?
It's different, but you do learn to appreciate it.  Stick with it.  XCode autocompletion will make gigantic method names not that big a deal.
I find your use of the word popular amusing in this context. :)
2 out of 30 is 6 and this truly is not worth the worry when you can instead double your users by designing an attractive application
Why is this question -1?
Iraimbilanja: At that point it all becomes language and platform specific, I'd say.
You'll run out of connections long before you run out of port numbers.
I know that. But the constant in front of n can at times make a big difference in otherwise linear-complex algorithm.
LOL  the unnecessary niche skill side blow. chuckles
My god you know what you are talking about! Will you please look at my other question and help me out it seems you may be my only hope! http:stackoverflow.comquestions518239c-issue-what-is-the-simplest-way-for-me-to-load-a-mdb-file-make-changes-to-it. Thanks! Ill see if this works for me.
Hence my comment about code not tested. Is your field called ProductID or Product ID. In the latter case you might have to change it to something like Me.[Product ID].
http:darkviews.wordpress.comtagtdd There are a couple of related posts which you will under the tag testing.
I also don't see how identation could fix it. Guess it's just wrong.
The fixed code exhibits undefined behavior.  If Foo has virtual functions, for example, this would probably crash.
I'm aware that join's will give the best performance, but it gives me 20+ joins all in all. This is not easy to maintain, and the performance gain (0.00x seconds to 0.0x seconds or something) isn't an issue.
As far as I am aware the regular expression and like keywords have worse performance than '='
I can't believe someone just put scott-guthrie as a tag....
As far as I know there isn't a built in diff.
Also, WMQueryEndSession is followed (given the all-OK by the apps that receive it) by WMEndSession.
Well chosen link :-)
I organize it by using ASP.NET MVC.  Sorry, couldn't help it; my apologies.
No, because I'm specifying the encoding iso-8859-1 (which is Latin-1, i.e. ASCII with Umlauts). If your String contains other characters (above codepoint 256), you must use something else here but Latin-1 is usually good because it doesn't change anything.
Lateness has some impact on productivity. The late attender might miss some relevant information. The only way they could be sure of getting it later is to go to every team member after the meeting and ask them to repeat what they said.
Please don't store them using NSUserDefaults, you wouldn't want too expose passwords of your users when they for example lose their iPhone.
It isn't.  It's part of a syntax completely separate from the meaning of ? that you're thinking of.  There's a whole set of PCRE syntax based around (? as the opener of a special sequence, starting with (?: for grouping without positional extraction.
Oops, my mistake. I just fixed it in my answer. Glad it worked for you.
Yeah, I don't know much about C, but in most cases they seem pretty similar. VBNight has provided a reasonable answer though.
I can't use this because, UrlRewriter.NET requires installation in IIS, and as I am on shared hosting, so I don't have right to do so :((
Doh - looked at a Python page, but it was giving an example from PHP. Aargh. Trying to do too many things at once.
ActionAttribute or AuthorizeAttribute?  A little code would help, too.
It would be a good idea to make a related slugiD, slugName and use the id. Lookups in text fields are slow.
Point taken, edited slightly
Leonida, I have optimized my larger images. I had one .png that was 50kb. It's now about 9kb. I do want to attempt some sprites later though.
Which version of SQL Server
This is not an option in this case.
The site doesn't do anything. It just shows the spinning animation
mmyers, you're assuming that I didn't lie on my profile :)
Looks like I'm on the right track, thanks for the help.
Yup, that's the idea.
Do you use the same root-level logger?  i.e., logging.getLogger()?  If so, you need to fix that first.  If not, please provide some of the getLogger calls in those modules.
I wouldn't really say you have visited code; the stuff you visitor visits is the data, not the code.
A gaussian distribution of numbers or data. It looks like bump or bell curve if plotted.
Jon
I like your answer because it's very in depth, but I have to give the credit to Stuart B since he posted it before yours.  The old fastest gun in the west routine :(  Hopefully, other people will upvote you and earn you some points for being nice and helping out.  Thanks you!!
The floated elements still need to be cleared for the content following them to flow properly. overflow:hidden; only addresses the container's height.
just now i tried tcc its good in such 900kb size its excellent
Duplicate of http:stackoverflow.comquestions64860best-way-to-convert-text-files-between-character-sets and also see http:stackoverflow.comquestions76482powershell-setting-encoding-for-get-content-pipeline
I guess I shouldn't assume we're dealing with reliable code.
...and here I was thinking beauty was subjective :)
Why dont you use ZendDbTable for the model? Instead of having to create a query by hand, and explicity get the database, you could let ZF do it for you.
Mitch Wheat, This is the standard practise. It's not fool proof but this is the accepted way of approaching the problem. Analytics suites count UUs based on the same. If you have any suggestions short of having the user register as your answer suggests, I'd like to hear about it.
Cool.  It's a tricky one.  If I figure it out, I'll post an update.
Ah OK, take a look at my follow-up answer above.
Tighe-height and width values are set in the img tag properly but the image's height and width don't seem to actually be set to these values. Example, i have an image that is supposed to be wider than it is tall and this is in the html style=width:450;height:240; but it's taller than it is long.
I agree, only the exceptions once. I don't like the process of catching, logging and rethrowing at all. This type of logging should be handled at a much higher level where it can be done consistently and where logic can be applied to how and if certain exceptions are logged.
I ticked your answer cos you were 1 minute faster.
Thank you Thevs, you're my Hero.
I would be interested in the answer too.
I know. How often do you see code that uses them? My point exactly. :)
So it's a double negative?
Update: WOW, increased the image size by 2, thus putting it into that target range. Seems to work great atm! Still playing around.
The link is especially helpful.  I somehow missed all this in my googling.  Thanks.
This is an interesting solution.  I too have found Iterators to be useful, but this was not a solution my mind would have come up with.  I like it.
We didn't. We have been using Teamcenter Enterprise for most of our workflow stuff. We are currently investigating implementing more workflows in Sharepoint 2007.
I've read that question before, and it's a good question. The answer is that you can't copyright techniques, only the code itself. Also, the FSF are vehemently proposed to software patents or the idea that algorithms and ideas can be effectively copyrighted and their use restricted.
If you don't want to use a framework or write the equivalent code, you should at least put the script at the bottom of the page (not in header) and so that it runs after the all of the HTML has been parsed.  That would probably work reliably in this case, though not for all types of manipulation.
I didn't know that, i'll check it out.
+1 Plus URL rewriting has all sorts of annoying consequences like you can't just go to http:mysite.commyaccount because your session isn't identified.
Thanks for that, I learnt a lot of my C from the blackwasp web site and I still refer to it. Thanks!
You are welcome. I wonder if the first implementation (the one modifying the FocusTraversalKeys of a Component) is not cleaner in a way, though...
thanks! (and the link was really useful too)
Aren't Generics, when it's all said and done, also syntatic sugar?  It somehow made it into Java 5+...
Can you give an example?
Look at the stack trace
My impression is that it's best to let the server handle as much as possible by itself, without PHP. But in my experience, the performance difference is slight, unless your server is very busy.
logging.isEnabledFor might work, since I think it was the calls into the Logger methods that look the time. I like this as a potential solution, despite the fact it's annoying to do conditional creation. I'm going to try to dig up the old code base and see if this works.
Ack, don t use kill -9 unless absolutely necessary! SIGKILL can t be trapped so the killed program can t run any shutdown routines to e.g. erase temporary files. First try HUP (1), then INT (2), then QUIT (3).
The signal was a sample, www. And it's quite acceptable to use -9 if you understand what the underlying script is doing. Otherwise you have to complicate your code with HUP, wait, INT, wait, QUIT and so on. Not good for an answer but you're right, it may be needed in the real world.
Added some tags to the question, I hope they are appropriate.
The file doesn't shrink because that's not the way sqlite works - it'll only return disk space to the OS if you vacuum the file (basically recreate it from scratch). Until then, the file is full of reusable space.
if you break the build, you get to stay late and fix it
Rex, what do you mean Have pressing security needs to completely disconnect the database server from the web front-end? say in some other words?
routeNpingme, a new comment. In the future, I may introduct cache server and file based server, and I want to use a middle layer web service to transparent the data source differences to ASP.Net layer. Any comments? Does such design make senses?
I was suggesting the technique more than the specific jQuery module.  In retrospect, you may run into problems with how mobile devices handle textboxes.  See edit for new ideas.
What's wrong with creating a text file?
I would add a comment to the question. So the user will be prompted the next time he logs in.
Thanks! That's exactly what I was looking for. How did you manage to find that? I assume we both use the same Google for searching?
Congratulations. Got it on the last go! Thanks Ben.
This is homework.
entryDate is declared in the header file.
That's the point of static type declarations   to say, I expect this type here, so warn me if I have something else.
Tommy: I'm not actually trying to use C++ as a component language, I just want to split up my project into separate DLLs to reduce compilation and link times for development. GCC 3 is my vendor here, and it's not doing it's job, because it creates broken DLLs on Windows.
Given that DBCC CheckDB has not produced any error messages, it would appear that your production database is in working order. The source of your issue is likely elsewhere. See my latest comment added to your question.
What if there is the port number? What if there is a query in the URL? It is much better to use some tested regexp than trying to invent the wheel yourself.
scraimer: Events use delegates internally. In addition to that, they offer an interface for easier access. I should clarify this.
Bhusan, they're unreadable because they're binary protocol characters - my Firefox renders them as boxes with the hex inside (01,0f,02,03,04). Vinze, the splitting seems obvious, it's on the 01 (STX) protocol character although I'd use substrings rather than split itself.
That's a 'political difficulty': Too many different companies involved with too many different tools & applications. Most of the times we'll just have to use what we get and are under no authority to demand changes to their way of exporting data. :-(
scripts automatically execute their source when created - the way to make sure this happens after onload is to run the script element creation block on an onload trigger
No, the value is not copied on the stack, so when the value is needed for reading (after being initialized... ok mutable variables are not recommended), you must get the value from the reference.
Like the edit ;-p
Skizz - this is a good approach. thanks.
Why and how would you use URL with query parameters? To give the file with wrong file name for the user?
I agree, a= b++ + b++ is a nitpicker question. There is no relation between knowing the answer to this question and being a great programmer.
Duplicate: http:stackoverflow.comquestions365094window-on-desktop
For the record, I've got extensive experience with dynamic typing. I've done web development in Ruby on Rails and PHP, I use Python and Perl extensively for all kinds of tasks and I've developed in VB6 for years.
 Kris - dropdowns don't stop people from submitting any value to the server.  gs - actually, since this is user input that's being parsed, I would consider the radix to be required here.  You can never know what they'll enter.
Although that's an elegant solution, that wouldn't work for my set-up, as per the data mapper pattern, my entities have no knowledge of the mapper, so they have no save method. Entities are parsed back to the mapper's save method to be saved to the DB.
Not what I was hoping to hear, but oh well.  At least its confirmed.
If you're trying to get a specified accuracy, and you're trying to optimize performance, it makes sense to minimize the polynomial degree. Given those constraints, least-squares or Chebyshev will almost certainly do better than Taylor series.
Yep, but in Silverlight I cant do commands, so I prefer not to think about them :(
a band website without music would be idiotic. on-demand over default audio is, however, a must
I think this should be fine.  AFAIK, this is how the PHP DOM implementation works.
I would be willing to post an example of the issue online, if that would help.  I'm literally at my wits end!
Recursion is definitely not the first place to look to in speeding up code... Lol - +1
Also, I had an error in the selection logic.  I've fixed that -- should have been a Where method instead of a Select method.  Changing that may make the previous example work.
Interesting, but then can I somehow work out the difference between two dates easily?
Matt: Sure, see my updated answer.
The question is in the title. Also, questions about the applications of CS are programming-related IMO (although admittedly in this case the question is what?, where?, andor why? instead of the more usual how?).
Thanks Joel, your suggestion makes a lot of sense. Would you happen to have a suggestion for a good starting-place to implement that On-Server poll to checkset users Offline - I've never really done something like that, despite how simple it sounds.
Thanks for the bash example, I have something similar to this for the task but am in the process of converting all my bash scripts to Perl and so needed some guidance. The Perl Monks tutorial looks promising, I'll have a look at it later.
Yes, there is a Boolean value and it is an if-then-else statement implemented via polymorphism. I am aware that this polymorphism happens at a different level than the one from the question, but I think that the mechanism is still interesting enough to justify this answer.
The flaw with this is that all the video would run through his server.  If the video is on a separate server for bandwidth reasons, this solution will not be acceptable.
The general wisdom when scaling any website to crazy traffic seems to be get rid of joins and denormalize.
Do you use any css reset technique ?
dorfer see my clarified question. just trumping rules is not good enough I need to split stuff. also i need this for modeling reports, so I am not really in control of what gets inserted
Hi, yeah i'm aware they are valid URLs i'm just trying to get a consistent output to the end user
Oh, i forgot to mention: you need to remove existing background color and opacity on containerFeatured :) I'm sure will work because i tested in firebug ;)
I can confirm that. But it'd be great if someone could verify it.
I'm definitely going to keep this in mind for future queries but, no, the items are coming straight from the user interface as the user selects multiple items in a list.
yes, the requirement is to be able to have a human readable file (but I'm not sure how any human can possible skim through a million lines!). I can't do anything about this requirement.
The VM is going to help with quotas and not much else. And you still have to write the code to restrict the process within the VM. Plus now you get to load a GB+ for each process due to the OS image.
Please rephrase in terms of an actual question with more information about what the problem is.
Rob: did you talk to your colleague? If so, what does he have to say?
Prison... really?
it's actually SqLite (only 1 l).  I spent about 5 minutes googling for sqllite and only found the real website due to a typo.
isn't PHP crazy or what! :) ... a .Net guy ;)
Re signing: http:msdn.microsoft.comen-uslibrarybb669102.aspx - this allows the user to call the SP (and have it work) even without SELECT access to the tables - without signing, the EXEC will use the user's permissions. Note: I've never had to sign something in real life... maybe ignore it.
It's not just a matter of personal taste,it changes how you do things which changes performance and how easy the code will be to maintain and work with.More boiler-plate code, more code maintainability head aches.Using VO's sounds dirty with lots of very similar code, sounds a bit like breaking DRY.
+1 for your comment Malk0lm!
There's actually a race condition there.  If you perform a DoWork call between the lock opening in the QueueMonitor and the event reset, you'll miss an event and won't unblock until the next DoWork, or the timeout.
The deal is at 12 seconds I need to bail out and move on.  I can't sit and wait for the full 30 seconds.  If I was allowed to let it run the full 30 seconds I would go that way certainly.
The client profile installer is ~28Mb.  Even if he needs the full 50Mb install, it's a heck of a lot better than a 350Mb SDK.
I forgot about the passthrough option of Getopt::Long. That's what you want, then parse remaining args as above, and add an 'else  die Unknown option: n ' if you like.
Thanks, this was what I needed
Actually, I think Crystal does allow you to call a function from a formula.
that catches the exception, finally does not
Thanks Barbaros, the grid was binding to the datasource automatically.
I already did.  The UIView is the object that's being released, right in the middle of while it's being drawn.
Sorry, I didn't have time to write anything more complete, mostly wanted to refer you to the book. He does discuss his alternatives to use cases and what would be important to capture.
I was hoping for something easier than that, thanks for the suggestion, though.
Good idea - however we can't sort the data, and its unlikely that the unsorted data will contain consecutive duplicates.
I did some testing on this an HTML support in mail readers varies widely and is far more horrific than browsers.  That's a good argument against complex HTML designs in email: getting them to render properly in a wide range of readers becomes much, much harder.
XAML and all the little nuances are the main hurdle.  If you screw up the XAML, the tool support is extremely weak in helping to find the problems.  Usually you just get a text message telling you there is an error but no indication as to where the error might be.
Heh - yeah, I take your point. I guess I'm just a bit wowed by jQuery of late: it's solved so many of my browser-specific headaches! :-)
Yeah, that's what I thought as well, it was just a random mind fart I put down, in an effort to find a different way to switch using existing language constructs.
Annakata: Non english people still have spell checkers and can at least use proper caps and punctuation. I also at least expect them to ask a complete question. I can take the rest from there.
Wow.. That's just.. sad.. +1 for the info..
that was Jesse btw.
Better than the accepted answer.
As it happens, it looks like Flash 10 does provide low-level access to the raw sound data, though; some Googling last night revealed quite a bit of information about it.  I'll post back once I have a working sample; it appears it can be done after all.
Thanks Tom! It just works very very well!!
alwaysShowSelection:Boolean  [read-write] 
How big is the database?
i know it , its to much complicated also needs programming .
I think your right I'll have a look into NSCoding (unless you have a recommended linky), the objects themselves are made up on NSStrings that is all so I suppose I could just write my own serialiser and put them all into a string array
Mmm, yeah,  being a directory and all.  Give the revised version a shot...
If all you're going to do is loop forwards through the results once, you don't need IList, and so you don't need .ToList(). See JaredPar's answer.
How can i integrate such a custom interface with the TFS UI, namely TFS WebAccess? Do you mean COMPLETELY custom UI?
nope, it doesn't move the sidebar back. :(
There is no Closing event nor is there an exit event :(
I think the question is invalid.  Why does the id of your select tag need to have any relationship whatsoever to the identifier of individual pathology records in your database?  The cart and the horse in this problem should not be connected in any way.
Yea that's another good possibility if the workload fits this.
You should probably go to your other questions and choose the correct answer, if they have one.
Since time doesn't seem to be an issue, take and release the mutex between notifying each observer.
string mysqlrealescapestring  ( string unescapedstring  [, resource linkidentifier  ] ) - even though link identifier can be assumed, a connection still needs to exist for this to work.  This is similar to running mysqlquery without a connection.
Oops, you're right, my bad :P
The FAQ states that questions should be asked that can be 'answered', and not just discussed.  At the very least this should be community wiki. Voting to close.
A scrollable grid would also work.  Then it could still be data driven, allow multi-line input, and not require your users to do as much navigation.
It's not as bad as it looks. The only way you'll get code injection is if the users can control the hard-coded strings in the PHP code itself, and at that point you're probably screwed already.
+1! This is why I love PHP, the hidden treasures you can find sometimes in code...
Unbelievable. Thanks for finding this.
thanks mark, the query wont execute until it's tripped right? so i don't have to worry about the query being executed twice in your combining separately example? if so, this is EXACTLY what i was looking for!
Will
1. Those methods are so common it was decided that the oddball cases were ok, does it matter if someone can call Object.Equals on your class? It is known that there may or may not be an implementation, and requiring : IEquatable, IFormattable on 99 of classes is odd.
Yes, thats what I mean.
No, jquery-1.3+ does not work even with the semicolon. As I said, it works perfekt with jquery-1.2.6 (even without any semicolon). There must another problem...
Actually, I really just want a list of stable plugins to scan through to find cool. There is nothing specific at this point.
Well, so there is; thanks! http:ruturajv.wordpress.com20061221vim-7-autocomplete
are you talking about the flash player version?
We need to get the data from Excel being the client interfaceapplication.  It is Excel that needs to pull the data from the web service.
Bruno Tyndall I have tested this transformation with .NET 2.0 + XslCompiledTransform. It should work OK with the older XslTransform, too.
Bruno Tyndall I have tested this transformation with .NET 2.0 + XslCompiledTransform. It should work OK with the older XslTransform, too.
http:rubular.com is a good help.
It is possible to create a new VM with player- but not easy.  You need to manually hack at the config file and use qemu-tools to make the disk image.  I haven't read the license agreement but that might be against it too.  All sounds too hard when server is free.
tried in FF, chrome, opera and ie, all have the same problem... thanks
Oh yeah, and sometimes it gets the line numbers wrong - so it looks like you're stepping through comments, method declarations, and unrelated code.
For eg: These two give different results 
But jon skeet i am using only a simple console app created in vs 2008..in the main() i typed this and got different results for C and vb. I am not using my own custom assembly. Just create two console app in C and vb.net in same solution and use the code i typed earlier. Thanks.
Thanks jishi, i am going to try it know. get back when i am finished with it.
I'll watch those Alan Watts videos, but my initial question is how do you block out all of the noise from others in the house in the morning? Or is after your shower a time when the house is still quiet?
I think you have one  missing. It should instead be (tchar) malloc(... .
NOT to mention emacs? BLASPHEMER
Read will fail when the driver says RTS is off. When it happens depends on the driver implementation. BTW, when the read begins to succeed: ater reboot, after device reattachment, after timeout?
Thanks annakata. And annakata and Dimitre, cool down a bit. Thanks to you both
Thanks, I will look into it, however I need a temporal quick solution and winmerge looks great :)
The VS then talks to the client via a 1GB network link.
One fix for the loading problem is to have a method that creates instances of types found in the various assemblies you need to load. Calling the method will then force the assemblies to be loaded.
Hi Nick, 
Yes, however the reason for loading from the Locations collection is that the Pages are an ordered List.
How would that be different from values.Select(map)?
Plz don't use Plz. Just say Please.
No problem :) I'll keep the answer until you update the question if you want to do that.
you can get plugins for nearly everything for Mediawiki, including a rich editor plugin that will probably satisfy the WYSIWYG requirement.  It's also pretty much a de facto standard markup language nearly everyone knows.
Well, right now I have 2 items which are both selectable.  The first one is selected by default.
I've already used that website for instructions, it doesn't help with Windows Credentials login, although it provides a good introduction for setting the whole system up.
This will probably be the accepted answer the only thing I'm having problems on deciding is whether DoLoad is better marked virtual or abstract.
Ionug G. Stan: True. Updating my answer to reflect that
Nope, question is java based, but it's really a question regarding interface naming conventions, and why some languages choose to do things in certain ways.
Along with nsayer.  You could use a system-wide constant string, that there wouldn't be a pregenerated RT for, like (D83d8, along with the user name as the salt, and that would probalby prevent any rainbow table attacks.
Do you want to create all the indexesconstraints etc? Yes, how do I do that?
this is good info... when I get more time I definitely want to look into this.
You could gain a marginal improvement by switching to a for instead of a foreach, but only a tiny, tiny bit.
Instead of the space you can use , e.g. StringFormat=0 - 1
this has nothing whatsoever to do with NP-completeness...
i am an idiot.  i was rotating 90degrees, not flipping. :-)
wow i AM way off, heh.
But a lot more typing that a = (((((a + b)  c) + d)  e) + f)
you can remove votes?
By readable by database server do you mean works with SQL server import tools?  Such as DTS or SSIS.
Your experience that most embedded programmers are electrical engineers is different from mine. Yes there are some, but I have mostly been involved with Computer Engineers and occasionally Computer Science grads.  Maybe DoD contracts require a bit more Software discipline than the commercial world.
You can do better - you need to add a call to GC.SuppressFinalize() in Dispose.
Thanks for the explanation.  The hash table makes sense.
lol, the sentence.
Installing Visual Studio 7.1 worked, thanks!
That's the confirmation I was looking for... Our setup is nowhere near as complicated, but rummaging around in an un-versioned config file gives me the heebie-jeebies. I'm going to try this and see how it goes. Thanks!
I realize this is the best practice in general, but I'm wondering about this from a Rails perspective. A lot of rails apps I have seen make use of these script generators which seem to just output script blocks where ever they are called...
Tom, I didn't, I just hit the refactor extract method. I modified it to do I wished. I just wanted to understand what was going on.
If it's not scaling well, then your indexing is not effective. What are your indexes?
You would only need a license for each server connecting the Access database. Visitors to a site don't connect directly to the database.
You should probably have your app check the setting for this option, using GetOption and if it's not what you want, set it with GetOption. If you want to return the user's setup to it's original setting, you'll want to cache the original value and reset when the app closes.
Matt: +1 as soon as you change the return value to a reference.  Appu specifically needs to be able to change the value.
Good idea, but Appu just responded to my comment saying that 'text' is a local variable initialised after main() has started, at which point all globals have been initialised (in some order).  So AFAIK the static initialisation order fiasco cannot be the problem here.
YAGNI is (in)action.
Yeah, I'm pretty confuse me too seriously. I think I understand, that After the Sys.Application.addinit, because I have other JavaScript auto generated code in the same page, there is a Bug with the ScriptManager. I think, he is calling each time the Modal Popup after I register it Client Side.
Thomas - nothing too fruity. SQLMgr, Outlook, IE, Skype, Antivirus
Nice! I'll check out the Oracle one for sure.
Shorter: fgrep -c 'keyword' log.txt
Please edit to bring out your intention. At least , I'm not a mind reader!
Thanks - have the printer open and print it is the tricky part. Looks like PictBridge will allow this, that's the solution we are researching now.
There is a way you can serialize activerecord class-objects to xml. But I don't think you are looking for something of that sort.
Yes, that is what I've done so far.
fixed version works. thanks !
Thoroughly unhelpful comments guys...
Yep, I've enabled HTTP Proxy Connection and given it the local proxy within General->Network Connections, still no dice.
If you point it to the copy, it won't affect the original. If you really want to be sure, make the original VHD read-only - VirtualPC will respect this flag.
+1 for the Git solution. :)
convert file1.pdf file2.pdf all.pdf also does not work
There is currently no download there. Am I missing something?
Roalt But if something is marked community wiki this prevents it for receiving further votes -- not a good thing.
IE8 still doesn't support XHTML as far as I know. Passing the ACID2 test does not mean your browser is compliant. I think they have mostly caught up with the CSS2 spec, but are nowhere near following the CSS3 specs.
cletus: regex implementation can by definition include passing switches to the call to the regex function
Again?.. Regardless, that is fantastic, the last time I used an VWD was 05 and obviously you weren't able to compile.  Good to know they added it to 08.
ok, so branch 1 only has one finished class. branch 2 will have 100 finished classes. You probably will change your one class, and by looking at the diffs between branch 1 and branch 2, you can see what was done and why
Not 'apparently': it's a bad thing to write in Language A as if it was Language B'. Independently of which is which. Writing Python in Perl can be just as bad.
I hope that it doesn't get closed, I'll edit it simply to say that I'm more productive using .Net and not quantize it.
I installed WebDev, but I don't see any of the tools I mentioned.
It works only for Resharper so I don't consider this to be an answer although it works with my visual studio + resharper 4.1
Which part are you having trouble with? Show that you've put some effort into figuring it out yourself before you get help from others.
Edited my answer to include the abstraction of servlet thread management.
send him to a specific server??? Is that a URL redirect or a reverse proxy?
Correct, if it was possible
Ah I see, I will try it on my Fedora. The vnStat is a good tool, it just worked which is bliss for noobs like me. :)
I ran the script, but the app still doesn't run. Do I need to reboot, or do something else?
I have explained the first of the two problems reported by the OP and provided a solution to it. Please, hold on for a few minutes while the second problem is treated in the context of <xsl:strip-space>
another reason- odds are users already have jquery from google in their cache, so they might not even need to download it the first time they visit your site.
+1 for your helpful comment :-)
I know. However this is the only way to replace a JVM class and it is best avoided. Even with your own ClassLoaders you can't load a class from the java or javax packages.
+1 Very interesting response, thank you.  However I feel like there's a difference between algorithmic parallelism and distributed serial processing, which is what I think models like GAE represent. I haven't quite made my mind up about this yet.
Not quite the same as cross tab or pivot. These type have aggregation, though an aggregate of min might work.
That's odd.  Everything past the first dot is called using getattr.  There shouldn't be any difference.
Figured it out.  See the post edit.
Yes, but since there isn't one, that particular line of code won't leak. :) I'll edit to reflect this detail.
I'm a bit unclear how you have request start. Is that tracked based on the server time stamp? I'm also unsure how you distinguish between rendering finishing and when the image is requested. Don't browsers fetch images before the page finishes rendering?
Actually, this is the canonical way for this kind of report, because of the order things appear: it always lists code for headerprocessingfooter sections in order, no matter how many levels.
I had not heard of Perlipse. Thanks for the tip. I installed it and tried it out, but I got all kindof exceptions. My impression was that it was not ready for prime time. Googling the exception I got, I found this thread: http:www.poweredbypulse.comforumsshowthread.php?t=846
He doesn't say Obidos was written in Lisp.  He says brilliant, Emacs-using, C-and-Lisp-loving engineers wrote it.  I can find no other references to Obidos and Lisp anywhere on the web, so I suspect it was written in C.
If I'm not all wrong you could even say With MyCommand.Parameters. (would at least work in VB6) :-)
FWIW: Later versions of sqlite claim you can share connections and objects across threads (except cursors), but I've found otherwise in actual practice.
I disagree -- you want tags immediately after editing the buffer.
Tried your code. Same issue. May be what Alex says is right.
its a question of useless minimalism. Qt has a bunch of stuff, widgets, networking, xml, everything you may need. If you don't need it don't use it, theres no point fretting over it.
I think you mean GROUP BY UserID
Christoph: then I would recommend double checking that the flag was indeed set, by reading it. I updated my answer with another asm snippet.
JPunyon - I think you're right. I've just tried it on a spike.  Even if they did work, I think it would still be easier and clearer to call the base method directly.
See http:stackoverflow.comquestions449731design-patterns-to-avoid449744
inheriting would increase coupling between layers (rather than reducing it) and you may end up with circular reference dependencies, which would scupper it anyway. Yes there would be some duplication but remember EF can generate your DTOs so i wouldnt worry too much about that..
As Robert and jleedev said, NOT. The SETL language was developed in the late 60's, and used the same concepts from set theory now showing up as comprehensions. Here's a sample from Wikipedia: print(n in 2..N  forall m in 2..n - 1  n mod m > 0);
Thanks a lot. This is very insightful information.
Out of curiosity - why would you want to do this?
This is an interesting question and probably good for people looking to keep their code to find what others might use.
Can't argue with that advice, also be aware that Java requires a lot more memory than PHP, so if you're not running your own server you might run into problems. Typical Java programs need about 4x the memory that the equivalent PHP program would. I made the 4x figure up, but it seems about right
nice answer but the pidgeons guarantees the plus 1 :)
Great hardware, but I think you could have a valid concern, especially on a large project. Will you running XP or Vista? My D2007 is definitely 'laggy' when going from compile to run, run to debug (& back), and ultimately returning to the IDE again. But codingusing the IDE is pretty good, though.
ISAPIRewrite can do exactly that - it can change the Host: HTTP header for the current request, just as when it rewrites a URL it does not send a redirect to the client.
Delphi has class references which, among other things, permit static virtual members. Most useful is the use for virtual constructors.
can you please elaborate. I am new to android development. Thanks for the tips though
Another abuse of the offensive tag.  Anonymous person, what exactly do you find offensive about this question?
For the syncdb command to work, do not put your model class for the view in models.py but a separate file!
Kristen, That's a good point, but I don't have access to SQL Server right now to check the generated plans. I'll look into it when I get a chance.
Ooh. Didn't know there was a free one out there.
How many sites SHOULD have SSL enabled, but don't?  How many people put in plain dictionary passwords?  How many sites create dynamic SQL and are prone to SQL injection attacks?  Security has almost nothing to do with cracking passwords.
Roy I agree, until we have proper tag maintenance, though, I think it has to be this way.  I asked for tags to be forbidden - like server.  Tagging something sql+server is wrong, and server is nearly meaningless.  Also, we need to coalesce tags - the design of a good tagging system facilitates this
Any DOM element can receive most events, but not the focus event, which seems to be reserved for specific elements which can vary depending on the browser. The tabindex property seems to do the trick in my case though.
BTW.. if that is hard, you might consult your class drop deadlines. Cause blackjack also involves double-downs and splits, which are way harder.
To be sure: do you want the bytes containing the packed bits? I mean, in the example you gave, would the output be just one byte with the value 0x96? And one more thing: what is the desired endianess?
vanslly, I think that's the case, but it's a long time since I've played with global temp tables and I can't remember for sure (and I don't have access to SQL Server right now to test). Maybe execute a DROP TABLE MyTemp just before closing the connection, to make certain.
It's not that things are 'offensive', but more of a general impenetrability. When starting a new project, for example, I can go spelunking blindly through the options until it magically works, or I can copy-paste an old project and delete out the code. Both suck. Bleah, sorry for rantiness.
dehmann, facilitating bone analysis & small resolution andor watermark?  Doesn't seem to be a good fit.
I disagree, Bill. Hardcoded strings are sometimes bad for translation purposes but they're not as bad as magic number since they carry their definition in their content. The string Can't open file is every bit as good as ERRCANNOTOPENFILE.
Valentin: [Serializable]
is there a way to resize wo initializing the data to fillValue? if not that debug impl would annoy me in this prj and it be debug imple vs avoiding potentially a lot of overhead with resize. also, ostream.write(ptr, len); solves my question.
Got it, thanks. I didn't know that.
There will be different data from one or more databases. The controls will be loaded with all this data. 
I actually wrote the script and tested it. The regex worked (though my script looked a little different). Just try it yourself: my string = dameelainekellett-bowman.txt;
Thanks for your answer. Unfortunately a SocketException is never thrown. Select() signals an error by keeping the socket in myerrorlist, instead of removing it.
Besides that, you should always define your colors correctly, no matter if the alpha is currently ignored because of the function chosen to select it, it might change in the future.
Lisp seems to have messed stackoverflow's Syntax coloring.
See my comment to Nick Hodges' post. I've already been corrected, and thanked him for doing so. :-
That's not with the data source, even though the same thing happens. That's if you just load an HTML page with accents on a UTF-8 charset.
My solution is incomplete because it only works one way. The way it is designed to work, when you commit a change, you enter a fogbugz case number. Then, when viewing the subversion log, the case number will be a clickable link to fogbugz.
What do you mean by manually change the source? I copied the entire source from your test.html and put it in my horaire.html, including the tags where you set the encoding. 
Thank you very much for your help, but this is exactly what i m searching for http:blogs.hibernatingrhinos.comnhibernatearchive20080514how-to-map-a-tree-in-nhibernate.aspx
Of course, I could be wrong. I don't write Services that much... I'll look into it though.
Thanks for the link.  I ran the utility on some files that the user would of, and the compare output was a nice format.  Unfortunately it inaccurately marked some of the xml as different when it was not.
Great stuff.  Glad to help.
Princess: i was just trying to figure out how to mimic a FOR-loop in sql wo the cursor
Sorry, used-to-be, means is - with respect to making sure a HTML parser treats the trailing slash as an unrecognised attribute, not all HTML parsers are browsers.  I wouldn't like to hazard a guess which browser version choked if any, but I don't remember IE4 or Netscape 4 complaining.
The question is titled 'OO design question' ... singletons and statics are often available in OO languages, but they're not really what you'd call good OO design. They're really concepts from structured programming hiding in an OO language. (I'm not saying structured programming style is wrong.)
i actually do like the idea, i'll have a fiddle with it and maybe use it as an alternate view
Okay I will do that.
Hm... Are you sure? I read over the document you linked and I don't see how those timers could detect a hung (basically live-locked) thread. Please correct me if I'm wrong!
That also means you can remove if y > x: continue.  But yes, good solution. +1
Yeah, but again there's no mention of Microsoft's framework.  While this might be an unrealistic comparison, I'm still keen to see literature that covers the pros and cons of jQuery versus Microsoft.
Sorry...I didn't specify that I already run Vista.
They're allowed in C if you include <iso646.h> and have been since 1994.
had to give kmkaplan the acc. for fastest-finger  - your response was helpful too +1
Yeah, that is impossible through a browser. There is no way for a server to fire an event on the client. The best workaround to this common problem is to have a timer on the client side that frequently requests updates from the server. The server then keeps track of all the things it needs to send.
Thanks hadn't heard of this, its interesting and the kind of thing I'm looking for.
Maybe the new features aren't used by Subclipse or something.
Freedom of choice is best. Zealots be quiet. :)
I think your example is flawed, if two threads succeed passing the if(instance == null) it will instantiate a new bar two times.
Finding a given key in a map is slow (O(log n)).  Iteration over a map is fast -- amortised O(1) time per element.
I was using SqlConnection for that, so I am using the correct DbConnection as I am not using a general connection for my application.
True, most changes are not substantial. But I would call any change that changes a tag, say for instance, from a div to a p, substantial.
Yeap, this will work, but it's a lot of overhead.
I like your dialog example. But I would give the user an option to change his choice at a later point, too. That's what the preferences are for, IMO.
Richard: thanks for the rephrasing, clarified myself now. As for the cost, I don't either think it's relevant. If there are so many exceptions around that they cause performance problems, then the real problem is somewhere else than in the weight of the exceptions...
Popen.terminate() doesn't work reliably, I've found. Be careful.
To be clear... by datatable1, do you mean a DataTable object in ADO .NET?  And is datatable2 a result set (SELECT  FROM table)?
This works although I must admit I don't understand why it works.
I too do this. It's much quicker to insert an email into a database table and you can also keep a record of emails sent.
Just a friendly advice - Ask questions with a title which has the form of a question in the future. It makes them easier to grasp quickly, which is important when there are so many questions around.
+1 for link to Tess Ferrandez's blog
Adriano: Downmod wasn't from me...
thank's for the help, i have the Main form that load database and fill comboBox whit database. it take for 10-15 second. i need that in this time will be any message.  how can i do it ? (i dont want MessageBox)
Adam I see... thanks!
This implementation won't solve the problem of maintaining the relations between versions and their associated objects
This should be what I'm looking for... and I am already using ArcGIS.. thanks!
If it has nothing to do with relations what does it have to do with? You point to a field and say, that's primary. And? Then what happens? And if there's no natural pk, I add a column and a sequence and a trigger and all because ? Some just needs to be Primary. I eschew rules without reasons.
thanks mausch, I misread that a while ago and had been thinking it was express for a while
Good find on the approval starter kit, thanks...not sure how I missed that. +1
I'd say: It's XML and therefore very easy to determine if the syntax is correct (without knowing the schema). (for humans AND for computers)
I'm coding the endpoint based on a specification from the W3C.  That specification describes one method that supports multiple operations (GET and POST).  If the query is to large for a GET request (URL length) the consumer can use POST.
Barbaros Alp: Are you trying to say that you get four random ids from the IList<long> and that the longs are the ids?
An installer is available at http:www.go-mono.commono-downloadsdownload.html (click the windows icon and the links will appear)
True, since the other developer started to talk about interfaces this simple fact just didn't occur to me. blush
Well, the main point is that in C & C++, oper+= exists for run-time efficiency.  In C, it exists to save a couple keystrokes.
You're welcome. Glad I could help.
This basically worked just right, I obviously still have to go through a couple thousand folders for similar names to merge, but its saved me a ton of work, which was the point I guess. Too bad I dont have time to sit down and make it really effective with some intelligence
can you post the generated XML from DBML for the table INFORMEMEDICO?
What exactly is your question?
Peter: Almost!!!. :)
Any language change would have to come as part of a new release of Java such as Java 7.  This is the point of Project Coin.  They ask for references for related material.  There must be some, I just cannot find it.
Why preserve the select clause in each inner-query? Why not perform your outer select using the IN statement, and inside your IN statement you run the inner queries returning only primary key?
I had actually already tried adding a INDEX name line to it, which didn't work.  And it seems neither does your suggestion :(.
After looking at his question, I think this is the best option for what he wants to do.  Otherwise he might try attaching methods to objects, but I don't think that'll help him in this case.
This brings me to another question though... is there a better way of doing this? At least populating the fields more dynamically so I don't have to spell each one out but rather just walk the JSON object to figure out what fields to populate and with what values?
The code provided above is not in the code-behind class, it is in my business logic class.  With respect to the sproc functions, I sometimes call them from the business class, sometimes from the codebehind. I wouldn't bother creating a business class just to redirect a single fn call! (YAGNI)
100 agree. Relevant links: http:www.linuxjournal.comarticle5765 http:frodo.syminet.com~deepemacside.html
Exporter is built-in, but it sucks.  S::Ex is much ... sexier :)
As I read the thread, I realize it's not that clear.  What I meant was that, server side, I encrypt the usernamepassword and then send that encrypted value as the cookie.  On a subsequent request, I receive the encrypted value and decrypt it, server side.  Nothing in clear text on client side.
You might be interested in the git bisect command, which helps automate a lot of this for you.
Great question! :)
Yeah, the keychain is the best place however the data must be entered into the keychain after launching the app for the first time.  This means that I'm shipping with insecurely stored secrets.  Bummer.
As mentioned below, I'd suggest the MAC address from one of the network cards.
An element you are missing is that unit tests are not just a one-and-done thing.  If I find out later that I need to fix a bug with fileopen() on an NFS share, then I can add a test to my test suite for this.  Then, when I do more development in the future I have regression testing in place.
CxxTest is very good as well.  Due to the poor reflection mechanisms in C++, it seems there are more varied solutions presented; CxxTest requires a preprocess step in the build system, whereas tools like TUT are entirely compile-time and language-supported, but awkward to use.
I'm just reading from a specific key, so the test for reading from the node in Wow6432Node is enough. Thanks!
boost::weakptr is not going to work for his scenario, unless the publisher guarantees to keep the object alive until the last subscriber is done with it. this is not feasible with an async queue.
Nothing. this is the default .net Main constructor for a Winform App, IE Application.EnableVisualStyles();   Application.SetCompatibleTextRenderingDefault(false); Application.Run(new MyForm()); and nothing more. I think The problem occurs before, ie when the clr loads my assembly
this sounds like it would be useful. But I don't see the J2EE Module Dependencies. Do I need some kind of special plugin to see this option?
Any updates on this?
also similar to: http:stackoverflow.comquestions174892what-is-the-most-spectacular-way-to-shoot-yourself-in-the-foot-with-c
definitely, a cool trick.
I meant, a static member, not necessarily a method.
Not wanting to disturb hypothetical scripts that depend on a env var not being set sound pointlessly paranoid to me - If a script does that, then it clearly WANTS to use a different JVM when one is installed - no reason to avoid that.
Aren't you making the (possibly) flawed assumption that the comments are correct?
Code Complete only presents about a dozen design patterns, but I think it's a better book on program design in general than either GoF or HFDP.
-1:As I would like to know WHY my solutions isn't a good idea, at least a hint and then I'll read the book. Actually I am looking for how I can replicate the data-base.I would like at least two database servers to feel secure. Load balancing can occur in many ways,I'll certainly check out Wackamole.
referred post seems a bit out of date.
tried that - no luck...
because it's been asked before and nobody felt like finding the original question
Have you added the django source to your pydev project, and set it as a source folder?  When you say you can't set breakpoints, does that mean that the debugger doesn't stop on those lines or won't step into django code, or that you literally can't double-click on the line number to set a break?
DV is all I-Frames.
pretty good isn't enough. It costs a lot of time and money to port anything old and crusty. And security is one of the reasons I ask.
SingleOrValue would seem a better name, or maybe SingleOrFallback.
Do correct me if I am wrong about the code intrusion.
Can you elaborate on how or why your attempts failed.  Show how you are trying to pass the array and use it in the other class.  From your post I can't tell if you are seeing compile time or runtime logic errors.
joeforker - I am aware of BCrypt.  Nothing wrong with it and it's based on the Blowfish algorithm, so should be very secure.  However, you agree with the BCrypt answer and you think the code that I linked to is horribly long winded?
are you on a linuxunix machine, maybe using cygwin? then have you tried the file command on a file?
The  sigil does not mean a scalar variable. It means a scalar value, as in hashkey and array[num]. In this case it's a scalar variable because it's a scalar value and there is no indexing chars after it.
Also, the replacement does not need to use the lazy dot nor a capturing group.
That last generics-based solution you had should work in any case. Can you provide the code that shows what exactly you're seeing fail with it?
mausch, when you use a projection what kind of object is being returned? An anonymous-typed one? similar to LINQ?
OK - there's a way it can be done; t'is hacky, but it should work... update on the way...
so day of week (not day, month and year), timezone (ppl in different timezones comparing schedule?), and dst? this is stored in mysql?
Juan, See my reply below!
Isn't the language assembly?  Assembler is the tool, like compiler.  =]
Looks painful.  I'm coming to you for programmatic layout questions....
wconenen - Yes, this is a great feature of python, you can easily replace interfaces by imitation.
Thanks for the details Brian. I got the source and was going through it last night to see if I could hack something to get utf8 support. Then Alan Haggai Alavi dropped by to confirm this was already done and available soon, so I'll wait and see.
Please post Option 5 as well. :)
What, exactly, does .NET have to do with Access? I have to say, I think your suggestion is crazy. :)
We need the code!
Another resource on the issue for posterity: http:www.codingforums.comarchiveindex.phpt-157296.html
No history, for example.  Sorry, that'd be a nonstarter.
excellent, great answer. thanks
Won't that work with curly brackets too?
Also, what's the problem?? does it not run as expected? what do u see, what do u expect?
Performance tip, place your declarations outside the for loop.
But KeyCode and KeyData has the same type, Keys enumeration. I can't find any extra there?
Tip: please use a more tightly defined Exception then Exception say ApplicationException. one big issue with catching exception is ThreadAbortException would be  caught here, do you really want to stop the application from stopping here? how about catching a OutOfMemoryException?
How can I tell? The best I find are the file paths. For example, the .DLL is:
BigDecimal is indeed the answer
what if you have set NOCOUNT to on? will this still work?
Thanks for the reference to the book.
Given the confusion it clearly sows, I'd say it's bad practice
Sound to me like you're trying to do something that you shouldn't do. Could you explain what the reason is that you want to do this?
EnderMB: If the variables are meant to be settings, then encapsulate them in a settings class.
nice, I have to look more into c 3.0
I thought about it some more and I believe it would still have worked.  The  in that case was just superfluous.  I can't 100 remember though if n in a [] is treated as 2 characters or a newline escape.
Don't roll that title back.
Snehai: Read the answer. It has a section titled  What's profiling? . Then read the links in that section.
-1. Making Person::operator== virtual is not sufficient: Employee::operator== must be rewritten to have the same signature. Moreover, this would still lead to the issue pointed by Douglas, i.e. assymetry of the comparison operation, which is...weird.
I was happy to vote this question as helpful, but, just for the record and with all respect to Espo, I disavow this as the accepted answer. (It was auto-chosen by the bounty system.)
Tom Hawtin: agreed, I got marked down for assuming the URL instance was some custom implementation. Please be more explicit next time - java.net.URL is easy enough to write.
Thanks! I knew there's an easy way to do this :)
Sorry, I've rephrased the question to make it clearer. The linker error refers to the answer  I found somewhere else and linked to in the question. The linker, but apparently the order that linking is done in matters.
Sorry I'll edit it to be more clear.
Well, the first google hit on posgresql create aggregate yields this: http:www.postgresql.orgdocs8.1interactivesql-createaggregate.html :)
thanks for the confirmation
Yes, it's the same idea as Apple's single underscore. (And no, Andrew, I don't believe I missed the point. He was asking why they used a double-underscore and I explained.)
You're right. I was only curious if there's an alternative to this solution.
Thanks Cade, I will try that next time...
I guess what I might be missing is how the 3 pieceswise functions achieve the overall goal?
I wish I knew about this about 18 months ago... :
How accurate is not very?   How is the circle defined (list of points vs. center and radius)?
I think you need a better question title, this is nothing to do with insert and is certainly not advanced
I wonder... for really long numbers, what would you store the product in? :]
I am out of votes otherwise I would
Also, if both numbers are the same except for 3 digits, one containing 449 and the 368, they'll both have the same product and sum  (since those numbers both have the same product and sum, and both + and  are commutative)
Thanks - appreciate it. :)
Because the table design is wrong. If it can't be changed, that's short-sightedness and you'll have to suffer by using sub-optimal SQL. A table change is a one-time cost which can be amortized, sub-optimal queries cost every time you use them.
Well, I admit I have yet to drink much wiki koolaid, and I still think like sharepoint... However, as sharepoint's wiki blends wonderfully within the sharepoint framework, and sharepoint is so versatile - it fit my needs wonderfully. That said, I admit that its not the best choice for everyone...
I've said my piece, there seem to be more people disagreeing than agreeing, so I'll move on. Good luck with your answers, Max, I still don't agree with the way it was done but, as others have clearly pointed out, that's not your fault.
Thanks for the response Jimmy. I did do a Ruby install at around the same time, IIRC - that may well have been it!
What site layout is being wrecked?  It shows up just fine for me on Firefox.
Genericity, nice word!  Anyway, I agreeunderstand; as a network person I'm quite dissapointed that there isn't a good way to do DNS lookups.  Although Qt does have the QDNS object in C++ which does give this ability.
The only change in character class notation, is that they must be inside of <>. Which would allow you to do <-[a-z]> for negation.
That isn't quite the same thing as using them as method arguments... but it may be what the OP wants...
It is not a problem of Zend Form, problem is with javascript becuse dialog is actualy removing the element from form and puting them on the end of the html file! GR
Storing stuff outside the webroot is no panacea, you cant be just printing variables out willy-nilly. But it does give you a separation that you can then enforce in your code, classes and init go outside webroot, presentation code goes inside webroot.
Well you don't necessarily have to specify zero padding, in some cases you want padding to make the document look nice. And yes this is especially true when you add a border, its always nice to have padding to make sure the border is not right next to the text.
Thanks for your answer. But I'm looking for a solution doing it in a DECLARATIVE way.
Going via a byte array? Ouch.
Ah, I missed that.
There was no citation but it is a pretty common opinion, true or not.
The problem with WebForm's controls normally is they are simple to do simple things, hard to do slightly less simple things. Downright frustrating to do complicated things.
The vba syntax would be open(Filename:=(D:Perlbinsearch tooltest.xls,Password:=ThisIsNotAPassword,WriteResPassword:=ThisIsNotAPassword)
Could you give some code examples on how to do that pre-compiled expression stuff and HyperDescriptor?
This is susceptible to a man in the middle attack.
The 3rd try is the charm, I believe.
Hi jifman, I edited my answer to provide you with more detail.  Experiment with this in Kaxaml, using different background colours on the different elements so you can see what the otherwise invisible elements are doing.  Hope that helps.
Yeah, my initial thought was that it was spam ;)
Bah! Thanks for the heads up.
I tried changing the character encoding in FF to a bunch of different ones. The closest it got to looking proper was using Japanese (SHIFTJIS). Being relatively ignorant of different encoding types, I have no idea what that means. 
Wow, really?  A serious need for a useful tool for developers across any platform and it doesn't exist?  What the heck are we doing with our afternoons and evenings?
How much different? Is it possible to make something like root-meta, sub-meta, common-data?
I added that switch to both the linker command line and the compiler command line and the specified file hasnt been created... it's just refusing to create a lib!?!
That seems . . . odd. Like I said, what if you actually want callers to be able to modify the contents?
If I have a list of 1000 usernames, I'll try user1+password1, user2+pasword1, user3+password1... user1+password2, user2+password2
Ah. That's helpful. I think I know what to do now. Thanks. But note that your answer won't work if bbufsrc is a view buffer for another buffer. I think I can adapt it though.
I would like to add the comment that this is ActionScript3 and I'm getting the info from an XML file that looks like this:
but maybe i'm just a bad teacher without working concepts :) i'm about writing a german c++ tutorial with a handful other germans. i'll look at how they do it and try becoming a better c++ teacher :)
Even if I could figure out how to use the navigation properties to travel all the way down to Location, I'd be fine.  I still feel like I'm missing a big part of the picture here.
Bugger.  My only other suggestion is that you use the fusion log to see if its something simple, such as the loader not looking where the assembly is.  Good luck.
Amen +1 but I get a cookie for the technically correct answer.
Not yet, but I will :)
work perfectly and in a loop of 10sec I can run the code 10.8 millions time (my original code can run about 5 millions time)
If code behind, I would add to your table with controls (HtmlTableRow, HtmlTableCell) instead of building a string and dumping it into a literal (if that's what you meant). Or use HtmlTextWriter.  I don't like to do presentation in code-behind, so if it were me, I'd use a Repeater or ListView.
Ah, exactly why I posted this... It seemed more difficult than it should have been.  Thank you...
strager - the first has a pointer on the stack and an object on the heap, the latter is all stack.
Pontificate echo on: I was about to comment the exact same thing.
upvote requires 15 rep - (s)he's got 3...
pottedmeat: but it's less readable - remember, programs are not only written for the machine, but for other programmers as well!
I've put some background in question for clarification. Does that help?
Addendum: They are different, though not mutually exclusive.
The answer to this question is indeed. Swearing a lot, then giving up and hacking the layout together using javascript for IE6 users.
Did he ask for code?
Darn...I had mine finished, but I was looking at vmware converter to see if it could convert vmware images to virtual pc before I submitted it.
I tried the return false; as you suggested which resulted in the same behavior.  I will check the other plugins you mentioned and will continue to update this thread based on my results.
Ah yes, so a try-catch is in order...
Those sites are also pretty expensive if you have a large user base.  It would cost me more than a month's hosting fees to send out a single email.
Jon, what do you mean by due to the deferred execution of iterator blocks, ... do that in a separate method which then calls this method as a private one? I do this a lot for recursive routines, but this is not recursive, so I don't follow the strategy. Would you mind elaborating? Much obliged...
This code doesn't seem to work correctly (with my sheet, at least).  It does fine inserting the columns (and formulas, I think), but all new cells return =SUM(RC[-5]:RC[-1]) or something similar (no values).  When I change the cell format (e.g., to numeric), nothing happens.  Any ideas?  Thanks!
You didn't mention that you needed to grab stdout, but you can. Look at the WshScriptExec object (http:msdn.microsoft.comen-uslibrary2f38xsxe(VS.85).aspx), part of the library mentioned in my answer.
what's wrong with the code above??? just opened it up in FF3 and IE67, and the RED div takes up the entire cell.
nice, I was hoping I'ld get a response from you :D
Seems reliable, but I have to say that's a really bizarre mechanism... String comparisons? 
I can think of no better way of allowing people to discover who they would respectively dread either working for, or having work for them.  You guys are on my list, feel free to put me on yours. :)
A better example like this would be FlyingCreature as the mixin. Most birds and some mammals (bats) would inherit from FlyingCreature as well as the Bird or Mammal base class. Similarly for other properties, that impact behaviour that cross the usual taxonomy.
These two commands work but the call to vbscript does not work . I even tried using a vbscript name that does not exist hoping it would throw and error but it seems the calls to vbs are ignored.
I would upvote this several times if I could, all the other answers are buggy. This is what I would've posted too.
+1.  That's a very good point about -XX:NewRatio.
The advantage is primarily one of succinctness and readability :)
agreed, i didn't pay attention to the fact that his toggle logic was on the page.  i've updated my answer accordingly.
Your lambda function (i -> i) is called id.  So that could be reduced to
If you're putting it at the top of the screen, it's being used wrong. Compare the gradients and borders between the UINavigationBar and the UIToolbar, and you'll see that they're slightly different. You definitely want to use a UINavigationBar at the top of the screen.
viewDidDisappear: isn't called by UITabBarController unfortunately.
Note that time t won't work if command extensions are disabled, but I guess this doesn't really bother you. (See http:www.pc1news.comdisabling-command-processor-extensions-824.html for reference)
Check my answer again as I posted some updates.
Rakesh - No of upvotes for your question
make sure the firewall is allowing connections
Much precise than my regex. +1. Note why [^ s] while [^s] would suffice ?
So, for examle in this case everytime anybody votes up your question you are not going to receive your deserved 10 points -- these are the rules about the community wiki.
Pre-sorted usually leads to a lot of imbalance, so it is most likely the worst case.
Works for me console.log(labels[clastname]); or console.log(labels.clastname);
Cheers for that fella. Things are getting clearer.
Excellent! Like yin and yang. much appreciated.
Good question, good follow-up, good answer of your own. +1 to both the question and the answer.
See update; try using properties (I posted the code to do so)
Thanks. I'm only doing this at nights, so... it'll take some time, but I'll post an update when I have something ready
retrieve the copy you keep in your backup?
Darryl Hein: Oh, and you get weird results because you are using string concatenation instead of addition ;)
For my own benefit here, am I wrong in my assessment?  That's how I have been using them up to now, maybe I am missing out on something.
Yes!  The idea of moving any method which does not depend on class internals to a free function (in an associated namespace of course) somehow runs contrary to most programmers' feelings, and I initially felt the same way, but when you think about it it makes perfect sense.
No. When the BufferedReader sees two consecutive line separators, readLine() returns an empty string. It only returns null when it reaches the end of the file.
it's rather unusable doesn't accurately describe it
Certainly seems like a valid page, entering SO as a term reroutes me back to www.google.com.au and presents what I'd expect to see (So up near the top).
Comes down to the blurry gray line between tracing and logging - logging of major events, vs tracing of process details. Sometimes the only way to diagnose a problem with a production system is to trace through a really detailed log with a magnifying glass.
it looks like you was one min faster than me, exactly the same answer ;-)
Your're right.  I added define ISOC99SOURCE and it worked.
All of these are very good suggestions. The problem for us is that we need (almost anyway) live backups. So we're going to need something that can replicate the data almost instantaneous. But thanks for the advice!
One of the possibilities though. There are several ways to do it! If you have an better one publish it! And I will upvote if it's worth it.
Thank You!, I ended up making a mvc viewpage that generated plain JSON and then used a script tag to call the JSON that was then appended to a div.I solved the multline thing by replacing all n with a space, trimming the code and removing double spaces. Thank You So Much jayrdub.
Gmail does this exceedingly well, so it's definitely possible. Overall the DOM Level 2 Events specification cover most basic keyboard and mouse input control. Check it out.
The problem is not at knowing which controls are checked. The problem is that winforms automatically unchecks the other radio buttons when the user checks one of them if they are in the same container. I don't want that to happen.
When I tried, git-bundle wasn't available. And I already said why even a bare repository is slow on Windows XP.
Option Explicit
and why does running an spexecutesql statement manually not reproduce the same behavior?
I did something similar but simpler, using .post() to call a page, and the page only echoes out a 0 or 1 ;)
+1: Many people can find the Enter or Return key without making large mistakes.  Demanding any key instead of return seems a bit silly.
How can that be done?
Yes, I noticed that soon after posting and revised my reply to use `intval` rather than `floor`.
Coldice : +1 for the patience and helpfulness.
Which version of bgiframe are you using?  Are you using it through jQuery UI?
I don't want them to be virtual, just force them to exist.
Reassigning dirs will certainly not work.
Aren't all queries cached in v. 2005 and above?
No, one should never implicitly trust program input of any sort.  Simple checks, however, might not be considered massaging as you aren't touching the data - merely peeking at it.
wont I lose all the values then??
what do you mean by manually? In Eclipse, you have indeed to put the cursor on the  (or  ) to know where is the  (or  ). Another interesting thing is to double-click just after the  of a block. It will automatically select the whole  ...  block.
the different indent for IF is because 'foo' is what happens if the condition holds and is as such not a parameter of IF.
Thanks a lot! I've tried a around a little bit, but have some problems with authentication (osql cant connect). I'll give it another try the next days... best regards
Thanks; I hadn't actually heard the term Heterogeneous Connectivity before. It sounds (in 10g, at least) that it encompasses both Transparent Gateways and Generic Connectivity Agents (ODBC, OLE DB).
Merging concurrent edits is an area where SO needs some major improvement :-(
Ferruccio  - no, still nothing, even with Wall.
g++ -c -I ~cplusplusboost1370boost1370 -I ~cplusplusniVxWorksDeliverTEES Algorithms.cpp > output 2>&1
It's likely that this certificate checker does not perform revocation checks.
Strange how people can get such easy thing wrong... should be valX<=10, not valX<=9
Helpful, thanks!
like this?  are you saying that the inclusion of boost would support that: foreach(a.begin(), a.end(), std::cout << 1 << ' '); ?
Managed DirectX is deprecated in favor of XNA
Yeah, it seems some installs have that on the menu and some do not.  I've seen that with other useful menu items as well, and I've yet to figure out what turns them on or off by default.
Please, oh please, don't omit the . ;)
and your definition of oo - organization of functionality by logical objects - is already present in abstract data type programming, which is a more general concept than oo
Date::Manip is very powerful, but many of its features have high performance penalty.  Pesonally, I normally use the first example here.
beat me to it :)
Um, .NET 2 has been going for 5 years now...
(a) what patents Microsoft has - any ideas how to find this out?
Nah I don't disagree with editing the title to match the question. I just find it amazing that TWO PEOPLE were offended to the point of flagging it as hate speech or abuse!
It's all about the A(synchronous).  If there's no server callback, it's just Javascript.
I'm sorry, I meant programmatically significant characters, from the user input, successfully loaded into a database, that is subsequently used to generate output. For example, an essay question that will be on a generated PDF. How do I pass a string of 250 characters of user data to SQLPlus safely?
you might want to mention that WebAdmin is already bundled with trac 0.11.x - no need to install anything extra there
Are you sure that reasonCode will actually contain the form field? I would expect it to be the outer container element of the RadioButtonList.
You would do: import core.ui.; then either instantiate log or call the sort() method statically, however you've code things.
I was obfuscating the query as my boss has been strict on never releasing actual schema details in any public discussions, typo fixed thanks. Thanks for the hint - I use a lot of CASE statements in other contexts, hadn't thought of putting inside a SUM!
The code I added worked for me in FF3 on OSX.
Also see http:stackoverflow.comquestions575172portable-non-relational-database
I used GoogleFTS (http:www.sqlservercentral.comarticlesFull-Text+Search+(2008)64248) [you may need to sign up].  It takes your search terms and formats the 'parameter' to behave like google, but using SQL server T-SQL commands.
Yes, it would be subjective if you would want to change it or not.  The idea is to point out areas where it might make sense to clean up the code.
Good point again. Thanks, it's been many years. :)
It is right. It should seem right.
Maybe we need a let me google that for you tag?
The PublicDomain  projhect on CodePlex does this for you.
Thanks, it works! I'm lazy, too. I gave up when I wasn't able to find a property in the qt-Designer which allowed me to do that.
David: Yes, but i think your idea fails for very small vectors (close to zero), which is the more important extreme case in my program.
chaos - Which has now evolved into DOM Scripting and AJAX :)
If you're weighting all opinions equally, why the bounty? Surely there's no one, good answer for this.
I know that the dates are equal. The discrepancy arises when I try to put the date object into my database's DATE column (not DATETIME). It leads to 1922009 instead of 2022009!
try putting the ads div above the content div
Thanks for the link to the discussion board.
Steps 2. and 6. are redundant.  All DDL statements that alter the schema force a new implicit transaction.  You cannot have outstanding DML changes when you change the structure.
Well until Dmitriy Matveev posts his answer (he said the same in comments as you said) you have the points.
I've seen many, many users who don't know they can press Enter on the web any more than they know they can press Ctrl+NumPadPlus to make all columns auto-fit in Windows Explorer. My mum (and many other mums) would be flummoxed without a button to click.
Yeah, what are you looking for? I feel that I understand your question as it is stated now, but if you post a bounty then it leads me to believe that you want more.
Good call.  I know, but I think there is an assumption that matches only take place at weekends.
Fixtures are a Rails-added feature. Also different from the term 'test fixture' which means a grouping of xUnit tests that share common setup or teardown code.
Yeah, I had to read the question a few times to figure it out heh
Why would you want to prevent the dialog from being resizable? I can't think of a case where fixed size would be better than resizable, but maybe I'm missing something.
If you commit file renames without a lot of changes to thsose files in the same commit, you are unlikely to get any merge conflicts.
Everything asked in this question has been discussed at length here, http:stackoverflow.comquestionstaggedmono
Yes, that is one use-case. I got the feeling from the asker's question that he was interested in a buffer of bytes, but if it is supposed to hold text characters in some (fixed-size but possibly multibyte) encoding then it's appropriate to consider different buffer element types.
cant find Culture Namespace
But you would get a delay every time you come up with a new combination of parameters for the first time (the OP indicates there are 20 possible parameters), which may result in a more severe slowdown than having one query that needs to be parsedcached only once, me thinks.
The day C++ coders agree on The Way ...  there will only be one C++ coder left!
I'm not quite sure I understand the question. What information are you given to work with? Just the points A and B, or something else?
There are SOME conditions where error could be caught. For instance if you're building a system whose resources are JVM's them selves. I wonder if managed servers in WL do caught these kind of exceptions, just to notify the Manager Node, and let it be restarted. But, these are advanced topics isn't?
This will break for filenames containing blanks, and break for a large number of files on certain (ba)shes.
LOL. Anyway, there are better alternatives to globally overloading newdelete as I have mentioned already.
Does expanded answer address you problem better?
mausch
The essential problem with the pre J6 collections is unidirectional navigation (forward only).
Cheater. You can hyphenate anything and turn it into one word. :p
Gotta love the definite answers :) Thanks a bunch for saving me from googling it much longer.
(BTW - I didn't down-vote because the suggestion of reading more about the .net memory model is a good one)
So, using filesort is essentially bad thing?
Cool. Thanks again.
Ohhhhh! Thank you for straightening that out. I had not seen output from R that looked like that, so I was flummoxed.
I think the only way that will be possible is with sql auth.
Clever, put possibly confusing.  Not quite eligible for a downvote,  but, this is a bit obscure.
That makes perfect sense. Thanks litb.
How did this have no votes??  It's linear on nodes + edges, far superior to the O(n^2) solutions!
Don't think I agree with that, litb. If you added starting address to the compare function (equivalent to adding the 123 above), snapshot 2 wouldn't be sorted.
You rock MarkusQ! Thanks a lot.
-1000000.  For loop isn't the way to do it.
I wasn't referring to the performance, but the lifetime and quality of some poor Flash memory.
Richard: The  is used since a very similar technique can be used to convert it to a XMLList.
Dan: What is the value of an uninitialized variable?
Thanks!  Great tip.  Now works just as desired.
Agreed with Boris. Learning WebForms will cage you in ASP.NET world, while learning MVC will help you get familiar with other frameworks, such as Rails. Besides you will master HMTL and JavaScript. :)
This was not to debug it, but it was to actually work with the in-memory data from an external application.
bobince - See my first comment. It works when there is more than one text field.
Actually, I was not really aware of L2E as a replacement for L2S.
make: Nothing to be done for `all'.
This solution might be interesting for Enums that are changed often. Country enum is likely to stay stable for a long time.
That's the reason why I started the question.  I'd like to know how much I'm complicating things by running memcached on a Windows box.
Thank you,   I am not configuring my container in the Static Class. I think this gives me flexibility to change the configuration in a Testing situation without having the production configuration automatically injected when it is used in a test.
I want the following result.
Hi Pawel. Thanks for your feedback. I mightn't have explained it properly - the site uses Personalisation so that a view is different for each user and this is leveraged by using HttpContext.Current.User.I need this to be the logged-in user, but also know that it is a super-user.
Re accessed, specifically, via: readlineglob (aka <>), eof, tell, sysseek.
Your code sample instantiates two instances of TcpClient
I agree with avoiding the mapping of files. I have run into memory usage issues due to the resources of mapped files not being released when the FileChannel is closed.
Yeah, I imagine I'll try it anyway, but I'm looking for this in particular.
Ideally, it wouldn't be windows-limited, and could be relied on to work 10-15 years from now.
No, J.F. Sabastian, do your O() calculations again.  There are several algorithms with O(N) time and constant (or O(N)) space posted here,
FWIW, some Lisp implementations are extremely fast (such as CMU CL).  They may be unsuitable for other reasons (like lack of libraries, or bad integration with the OS).
Ah, I can see where this implementation would lead, and I like the idea.  There would be local queues of inserts (& deletes), and when the queue size reached some N, then they would be sent (in batch) to threads that would operate in parallel.  I like it.
cause Im was using two foreachs for pass data from each row..
Jayrox, mine too, but I reckon Mario's solution is better because it has only one function call as opposed to mine which has two.
Unfortunately, this regular expression will also match groups of capital letters separated by empty lines.  It might not be a big deal though.
Basically I am just trying to override the Controller class. In certain circumstances the DynamicList will want to use a different controller (see code). If there is a better way I am all ears.
I've used the message selectors approach, following a modified Competing Consumers pattern.  The performance was good enough for our app, which was processing about 1.5 million trans a day using about 4 or 6 sun boxes.
Not strictly relevant here, but Safari also respects the min-height, max-height, min-width, and max-width CSS properties to leave resizing enabled but place limits on how far it can resize.
no `use warnings`?  No named foreach iterators?  No three argument form open?  No lexical file handle?  Get with the times man!  :)
Interesting question
It is a bar chart.
not in the box I'm working on! plus, I am dividing by CLOCKSPERSEC, but it's pointless because the resolution is only down to the second
How does IntelliJ handle this? It seems like what you're asking is awfully expensive...
LFSR: I thought that the difficulty of finding a domain-relevant definition via Google made it likely to qualify as jargon.
Yes, it's itertools.count().
Intriguing, especially reading about the different types of isolation: http:msdn.microsoft.comen-uslibraryeh5d60e1.aspx But it seems to force isolation per assembly strong name, which sounds problematic for sharing data with future versions.
Thanks, it's a simple and working solution. I was just wondering if you can solve it with event handling so you don't have to use an extra class variable?
BTW why the hell does it crash the amount of time later?
am I guessing correctly that you intentionally left the inefficiencies as an exercise to the reader, or do you want suggestions on making this work faster?
If you have a chance to use asp.net, it should come rather natural to practice the entire stack: c, dhtml (html+dom+javascript), and sql for starters. Just find a project you'd have fun to do.
This is the wrong answer, especially so on Linux. If this answer wins, then stackoverflow is pointless :-(
+1 for citing Mark Boulton, if only there were more designers like that
Fully agree with your point. Actually I created the code snippet for better understanding of the question. It is not part of my production code :)
Anything you're trying to do specifically?
Oscar: this form is not 'I18N safe', it is one step further when a particular I18N technique is already applied. I think 'I18N safe' refers to general ideas making code more suitable for I18N. However your example qualify as well.
From what i have observed, when the session ends the IsNewSession property is set to true , thats the reason I have added the ctx.Session.IsNewSession check so that i can validate against it. Even with that, i think what csgero says is true. Anyways thanks for your reply
VonC, I've actually used Autohotkey for key macros, shortcuts etc and know it can do basic GUI.  It's just the actual language is rather fiddly and I find it a bit hard to debug.  I'll check out Scite to see if it supports Autohotkey too, thanks.
Its strange, I saw many people saying that this worked for them in VS 2005. My compiler refuses to acknowledge OpenForms (VS 2008)... Could it have been changed between the two versions??
That's wild - i actually did that before i read your post, but it didn't work. Then i figured perhaps if i removed the WebInvoke attribute davogones posted (and i added) it might just work and it did!
I see no reason for it not to work. What error does your compiler raise?
is hard too, IMO. In addition, there's the way that DateTimeFormatter in Joda time is thread-safe, making that aspect much more pleasant. You don't have to learn the whole API, of course - just the bits you need. The docs make this relatively easy. The date and time wheel is one which (cont)
You're welcome :)
There's some gold in the links you provided too....
Nice one. Works on IE6 + FF
somebody downvoted this?
This is quite far from a kludge. It's exactly the way it's supposed to work.
Thanks for the reminder
Is there a cms that is customizable without modifying core files so that security updates don't break my customizations?  WordPress is really good at this...
Thanks Renaud, I'll look into this. +1
All sorts of rubbish really. I can filter out the invalid entries easily enough though. One example is Reinstated November 2007 ...
So long as an object is Serializable, you don't have to do anything speacial to store it in Session and at a technical level, a string is just another type of object.
Great question. I'll be looking forward for some answers, too!
Vlad, thanks for the tips and explanation. It's opened my eyes to how to begin understanding the inner workings of the database and how to optimize queries. Quassnoi, thanks for the great query and tip on primary key; Bill too. Very helpful.
Desklighter is interesting. I hadn't come across that before. There doesn't seem to be much I can do with it myself though - with IE I can lock a lot of it down so the user can't get out (it really is a true kiosk application). Probably further away from where I am now
The last release of WinGraphViz was in 2004.  Unfortunately it's only a COM interface.  Maybe someone can work out how to marshal the image data across com to avoid the file system.  I wonder if the SVG output could be parsed for positional information, then converted to objects & WPF rendered...
not possible to conditionally define functions without string eval
That's not really a full explain plan.  AutoTrace in SQLPlus gives a lot more info.
No problem.  Every Javascript ninja has once battled with the ol' accessing the DOM before page load error.  Pretty common.
Writing it in C really is a good idea - then you can profile your code and determine whether an assembly version is REALLY required.
Yes, I use the response and print it to the browser. Its part of my attempt of a progress barreport.
This is generally the time I end up using LoadLibrary.
and your calculations, will never be precise enough to actually test
awithrow: Good point. I was trying to be language agnostic, but we are coding in C on .NET 3.5 SP1.
Rnd() returns a single in the range 0 <= r < 1... and I'll have to second not using randomly-generated data in your unit tests. Much better to explicitly test inside and outside your expected range.
+1 for concept, the python code needs to be cleaned as the above comments have said :)
Justice, I haven't ever investigated the JIT but if you do Object.Reference equals, C will generate a method call.  In the abscence of a operator== C will generate a direct value comparison with the IL opcode ceq.  My guess is the ceq is faster.
That's my string. The text where Array is will change. So I'm trying to match that.
SelectMany is nice! :-)
Also, you can use Shift+F12 to go to the declaration for those cases where the declaration and definition aren't the same thing.
Building a dictionary on the fly is unlikely to be what you mean.   If you mean if-elif-elif then just say that.  If your meaning is This Key always maps to This Function then say that as an official first-class part of your program.
batbrat: Just to be sure -- two years from now, someone else is going to read that code and ask What did they mean by that>?  Make the meaning so crystal clear you don't have to answer questions from anyone ever.  Software captures knowledge.  Represent that knowledge as clearly as possible.
if you implement MVP in the correct way then is also suited for TDD
I'm not sure what the problem is that you had with the Application.Resources.  Because there's no key, those settings should be universally applied to all buttons unless the button has a setting itself that supercedes it.
So... giving Oracle chocolates was not a good idea?
The real question is why do you want to?
Tried this and it didn't work.
Migol, it's also half good ;)
What kind of log files are they? Apache, varlogmessages, Windows Events, etc...?
wouldn't the smallest group in the first example be 2?
Just because I was curious, and so others might be as well, Jared was referring to this answers (apparently, leppie is also Joel): http:stackoverflow.comquestions592584what-is-lambda-lifting593491593491
I've done a lot of WinForms, not so many webforms.
Request Tracker (RT: http:bestpractical.comrt ) is a PHP package that does this.  Check it out.
But I don't want to replace an element; I just want to append new ones to the parent.
Is there a substitute that can append an arbitrary blob of HTML?
+1 for the ahah! moment I got when reading this. It is also very true. Don't explain, let himher experience!
True, the keyword is shared variable.
Ender's Game starts out awesome, but I feel like he didn't know how to end it.
the same serviceId will be inserted but the IDno is needed to be select also from a another table named class. and get all the idno there and insert it to another table named registered including the serviceid
swap(int&a, int&b) cannot determine that the call was made with identical arguments: swap(x, x); and jump out early. The pointer version can: if (a == b) return; Not sure that important but it is a case the reference version cannot handle.
ah yes, thanks, I was thinking of project references. Referencing DLLs instead of projects is a bad karma, but 3rd-party DLLs and deployment project are excellent points.
Thanks, this wouldn't work I think. Because all fruit lists will be 100 the same. But I still need a way to distinguish them externally.
so I need a reliable way to track down the mismatch between the settings. Doesn't look like it exists though
I had the ParseException problem and I used this solution because my users won't use advanced syntax. Thanks !
Because we have lots of prb with IE6SP3 at work... but only with old Hp desktop (2002-2003). None of the CPU intensive usage is apparent on more recent desktop, or with more recent IE.
Ok, I was assuming you weren't also an experienced java programmer.
I'm happy you replied with this, because it was the first solution I found myself drifting toward.  As this problem definition expands, however, I'd be tempted to keep dumping code into the Employee...and it sort of just becomes procedural, no?
Huh? What's your question?
yes, but how does that plays with continuous integration?
Added more info.
Did you ask on the JPedal forums?
I did a little performance test on a table of 1.000.000 random rows. Over a three times average on my machine the query based version took 47 seconds, the function based version took 25 seconds.
John.  Q:Where do I find a beer store?  A:If you chill your glass and eat you should be prepared for beer.  Q:I didn't ask how to prepare for beer.  Where do I find beer? A: it's a good way to prep for the beer.   Q:  Where do I find beer?  A: See my point.. didn't ask how to prep. Asked for tests.
Yes example.html is an actual file. I'm actually trying out Jekyll which is a static file generator, so I had no rewrite rules, but now is time to add them. Thanks.
Don't worry about feeling like a noob...  I've been Perling since 1999 and a month ago learned that the range operator is special-cased for two constant scalars! (E.g. 1 .. 10) :)  Yes it sucks that some of the POD docs are so out of date, also googling turns up some bad adviceexplanations.
oh wait, aren't we off by one in all the examples? Shouldn't it be foo(1,1), foo(1,2) and foo(2,1)?
This will not include foo.c though right?  I should just make sure I include it as a dependency for building testfoo.c?
You'll want to use Process Monitor not Process Explorer.  See http:technet.microsoft.comen-ussysinternalsbb896645.aspx. The 2 utilities have different functions. Procmon will trace file and registry operations.  Procexp is a handy utility but does not provide that type of tracing.
+1: the simplest thing.
You can use FindBugs (http:findbugs.sourceforge.net) to help you find the places where you have unclosed streams.
No, the reference to the assembly (dll) containing the control
I think this is a valid question. Many people do read their EULA, but there may be a lot of weird legal stuff in there, which may be cause for concern. And on top of that, people are going to use stuff in the way they want, so what is the real point of an EULA?
could you make the search visible all the time (e.g. in the right corner) or does it have to be hidden?
Nanotechnology is one of the most abused buzzwords in science.  It might compare to object oriented programming or agile methodologies.
I have 3 seperate codes written, but not sure how to execute them, Iam a newbie on Java. I would like to send you everything I have and see what ideas you can give me if thats ok, Please let me know.
Can you give me an example? :)
See update. Basically neither of the points given out should have y=0.
It only runs the on the server side. I have created new validators and it still runs them. They are not enableddisabled in the code behind
This should be a community wiki.  It's subjective.
Sorry, I'll rephrase it :)
there's no place like 127.0.0.1
Martinho - a blocking finalizer will prevent all remaining (and future) finalizers from running, thus all finalizable objects will not be reclaimed. That's a leak.
Since the task can be solved without difficulty in existing Perls, it makes me cringe to see that this answer -- which lists a pile of incredibly marginal improvements from a language that doesn't exist yet -- should be at the top. I'm tempted to -1 this just to reduce the cringe factor.
Useful info on how programmatic disk IO is broken down into sector IO operations and associated interrupt.
SELECT MAX smells real bad. While it will work in circumstances described, as in all cases things change over time, and before you know it this code will fail! Dont make smelly code, think about the next guy
This is exactly what I have, just written differently.
Very good idea... now to attempt to integrate with the rest of the SQL statement...hmmm
Yes, I was planning on using an `EntityManagerFactory`. Was just wondering if there ever was a case where an `EntityManager` would be initialized and passed in outside the service. Also, with the `getSession()` method, wherewhen is the current session initalized?
While it may be a micro-optimisation, in the context of this question it seems a perfect answer.
This is how I learnt it. Start with the minimum and build a little on it each day. Take the time to learn a slightly better way of achieveing a task. See the 7 habits of highly text editing for inspiration.
I've had the same thought - shouldn't be hard, but not sure when I'll get around to it.
That's a very good book, but I prefer something in conjunction with makefiles.
Re your question (BOOM) - I think I explained all on the page I linked to in the question. It relates to Nullable<T>, boxing, virtual vs non-virtual functions  overriding, and how the CLR boxes an empty Nullable<T> (which you get from new())
setNeedsDisplay never had any affect.  I'm deleting from the database and not one row at a time.  Not sure how deleteRowsAtIndexPaths can be used in that case.  I just need to refresh the table.
oops - brain fart you're right. fixing now
nice, but it looks too fancy :) I want something very simple, like paper and pen with colors and maybe little more... sorry I was not precise in asking
Thank you very much!
+1 for ARPPRODUCTICON, didn't know about that one
attachMovie will return a reference to the movieclip that I just attached, if I did trace(largepoemclipdisplay), it traced out the expected value, so I don't think that was the problem.
+1. This seems to be the most likely explanation.
Actually, that's the point. The class is just being used as a namespace, so that you don't have to instantiate anything to get at the values.
hmm i'm just reading the other question allows to have spaces in the string. maybe one should not close this one then. not sure anymore :)
That's true of most multicore machines, not just the Xenon. Even Cell has to do it because you might be running two hardware threads on that PPU core.
+1 for the Smalltalk Eureka moment :-)
Firebird is a very nice SQL database. Not great as a storage DB, but probably better than most due to very good BLOB support.
One example is writen by Ross bellow, other is javascript.
The pointer thing was me messing with the code before hand and not fixing it up. But thanks for your help any way. :P
+1 for the effort =D Btw, I don't think the OP said anything about counting the Sundays.
cletus, I have to strongly disagree on alleged pointlessness of OO in PHP. The fact that PHP doesn't provide persistence has nothing to do with objec orientation. Check my other SO response to see how much you can get out of PHP object model. http:stackoverflow.comquestions2286720325805325805
Brilliant! I knew there had to be a better way!
Whats HA issues?
Point for that! But if you use Bitmap.LockBits instead of Bitmap.GetPixel you get superior performance!
Maybe not, but that doesn't rule out building your business layer in stored procs, nor does it mandate using C code for it.
To summarize your answer: http:www.lmgtfy.com?q=disable+windows+key ;-)
My view is that is only of a concern if your visitors only look at one page.  If your profile is fewer visitors & multiple page-views, then minimal overhead when spread across page-views per visitor. Ditto for returning visitors.
Malfist: no. If you've got one address, you've got zero semicolons, right? goldenmean: yes, I thought you had pasted them in one cell. For several cells, why not just count the cells? I've updated my posting.
Wouldn't that be just as expensive as going through every table entry?
I though about doing something like this, but what happens when they meet in the middle? (Opacity = 0.5)? I didn't try it because I though it wouldn't look good
I say: If someone does something stupid, I'm missing an important fact.
I have updated my answer to refer specifically to TreeMultimap
GAE gzips everything automatically if the browser supports it.
Only programmers and politicians can turn a 2-3 line question into a page.
-1 He can learn bad habits in the workplace, too.  What if he already has a job?  There's no reason why he can't study on his own.
Haha, fair enough... Just out of a portability-minded man like me :)
If we treated all our documentation the same way, no work would be done at all. People would just be doing documentation.
For me too. Which shell are you using, Juliano?
I actually did look at that, but it seemed to be far too restrictive of a design for me, but maybe i'm just not thinking far enough past the surface.
your answer is complete, but i have another issue with pageLoad, when i put in my page i found that it keep called and called automatically, note: i have telerik:RadAjaxManager on the page, so this is because of an error happening or its normal to keep called like that as its called by a timer?
Yeah, I continue to torn between leaving it in the service class, and moving it to the domain class.  It seems like there is no clear answer.
+1, another point to consider besides what I raised in my answer
Why would flipping x make the people stop being upside-down?
You are absolutely right, Joel.
I am actually talking about instantiations. (as in a blob of binary code having a linker-visible symbol) Sorry for the confusion.
Ahh. No, I do not run that addon.
cool....the reversal of the SeqNo part was my mistake. That was causing the problem all along.
Oscar...not necessarily...most C style guides (that I have seen) use Age (Pascal casing) for properties, rather than age (Camel casing).
-1: Wikipedia is definitely a better choice than here.
It's a bit strange that the first form is so slow, but once browsers support querySelectorquerySelectorAll it may become more efficient.
Thanks for the answers, all were good so I went with the guy with the least rep!
That won't work. Stringeachline without a block returns an Enumerator, which doesn't respond to chomp. Beyond chomp doesn't take a block.
It's not what you don't know that hurts you, it what you think you know that ain't so.
I use this style even for a single table - so that all UPDATE statements are consistent, and a JOINed table can easily be added later.  Normally use U for the Alias for the table being updates:
Document the reason in the code, push for a change in process, and document that in the code as well.  Encrypting the password and then sending the clear text over telnet from a script is like using a code to write down your PIN number then just shouting across a room full of people you don't know.
I bet the typesetting to PDF isn't as good when you bypass LaTeX, though :) Unless there have been big changes I haven't heard about...
Beware of trouble with Vista's Explorer.exe.  I've seen it put processes started through a shortcut in a job, preventing creating your own job.
No you don't.  text is plain LaTeX.
I'd love to see details on using the scp: protocol.  Might be nice to include a pointer to ssh-keys instructions as well.
I'm really trying to avoid this.  I know it works, but... it makes me sad.  SQL Server 2005 is all prepared with its fancy NewSequentialId() function, and MS is so gung-ho with their fancy new Entity Framework.  But put the two together and poof you're back in 1999.
Which will blow up if a.Name is null...
My only other suggestion would be to echo before the exec as well so you know that's where the problem is. And to post more of the code - I'm wondering whether there's something earlier on that's problematic (specifically an exception in the outer-try block that prevents the exec from being called).
About debugging, isn't that just a matter of setting up the right visualizers for the debugger? http:stlport.svn.sourceforge.netviewvcstlporttrunkSTLportetcautoexp.dat?revision=HEAD
I want a PRE tag that preserves the original indentation (but still wraps long lines)
Nice ! I'll try that !
Are they both talking at the same time?  Ie, is this about separating two voices speaking over one another or just determining which one is speaking at a time?
Your presumption is correct ;) In Indy 10 there are no write methods in the TCP connection besides WriteHeader and WriteRFCStrings.
Can you please format the source code
DImitre OMG, How could I miss that typo!  Thanks man
Thanks, I should have made it more clear in the beginning. Please see the update.
Sure, scanf (or fscanf), if you're not careful.
I almost automatically type use POSIX qw<mktime strftime>; for POSIX. There are times when I would type one, but I'd end up using the other before too long.
Then again, Microsoft themselves designed reflection. If they wanted to hide their code, they could have.
Very interesting stuff indeed  :)
no custom controls, only plugin is VASsistX
Why not use TimeSpan.Minutes here? This will return 1 in this case, as opposed to TimeSpan.TotalMinutes which returns 121
This is the bit I don't get. The link doesn't say you can only call GetLastWin32Error if you get INVALIDHANDLEVALUE.  And the documentation for GetLastWin32Error says it stores errors from the last PInvoke call where SetError is true.  Is the last error a work of fiction in this case?
this is the one I was looking for
Python code, whether it is just loop over the rows or grouping, is executed in any of the cases. So talking exclusively of python code's asymptotic complexity, we've got difference in pO(NlogN) - pO(N) = pO(NlogN). Besides C code looping through rows inside groups adds up cO(N) to it.
Should there be some type of qualifier in the where clause that excludes the current build?  In other words, is the Staging quality set on the current build before or after TfsDeployer gets a hold of it?
In particular, what I like about Networkx.... it's mostly in python, easy to edit and understand the source code, and it feels mostly pythonic.
If I'm understanding you correctly, I think that's what I'm doing already.  I'm taking the log of the counts and plugging that into the linear equation.
It would help in suggesting improvements if you would show your code.
Did you display the results?  'cause they look off a bit (+i or so) to me.
The control shouldn't be fully rendered at that point, however have you tried editing the Pageload of the control?  Or using PagePreInit?
Welbog: i'm not hating on your answer = i just felt rather defensive, being attacked for trying to help someone. i'd argue a not fair tone was used against me =(
Nice! I'm giving you the accepted answer ;)
Can you add the relevant IIS logs to your question - looking for the 401200 series of log items.
ticket = substr(decrypthex, 0, -40);
these are some interesting benchmarks. thanks for the time and effort on this. i have been recently been using deeper context for selectors and this indicates that tends to run faster
Sweet syntactic sugar:  <http:dev.mysql.comdocrefman5.0engroup-by-hidden-columns.html>.  That'll teach me to talk about a product I don't use every day.
Adam - if that's true I think it'd be a good idea to remove the pebkac tag from this question. It's generally accepted to mean the user's chair, and not the developer's.
They're all exactly the same length. If you count the characters in one, you'll know the length of all of them.
Retrive password - a new one is emailed to users address and is forced to change at next login
magnifico -- see the last paragraph of this answer: So a total of 38 characters in the typical hexadecimal encoding with curly braces.
Sorry I missed that part  :)
OK -- I guess I would consider that part of debugging.  ;-)  I thought you meant some sort of performance analysis of release code.
actually i think this is what i need. i really have been working on this for 16 hours so i appreciate it alot!
I'm pretty sure this is a dupe of lots of questions on SO regarding line length vs readability.  I edited your question so it was more clear, but if this isn't the question you want answered you might want to edit it again and be more explicit what kind of help you need.
It says that to vote I need 15 reputation...
Perhaps it's just habit, but I find the second version much more understandable.
I don't think that System.Web.Script is available in the 2.0 framework.
Is there any additional error message with the stacktrace?
How does that not work, an error would be helpful.
Yes, sorry I moved this code from somewhere else and had to modify it a bit. It should be fixed now.
Might be able to give a better answer if we know what you're using them for...
Hmm, couldn't get it to work right now, will try agani later. But this doesn't exactly strike me as a sensible solution to the problem, either. However, apparently XAML files get embedded as XAML when setting the Build action to Resource instead of Page. Might be a better option that way. I'll try.
If you aren't an expert with the given logger, how do you know your logging level is high enough.  This isn't a problem when you're always on the same loggers, but after using 5 each with a custom interface (some set in Eclipse, some in xml, some in properties), I just have trouble trusting.
Nice one. I will give it a go (after lunch).
Theo, all three of them returned undefined, the same as when you run it on its own. The event dispatch (and those trace) is called after the movie has finished playing so I doubt it hasn't been fully constructed?
That's the way I prefer it too. It is pretty obvious what it means for time and one should note that time is making up 99 of this multiplication stuff anyway. (Yes, I do realize this is not very empiric ;-))
BTW, if you really insist, you have to check out the LocalConnection class.
Having him reload the page all over again is not good practice.  Proper planning can allow for this not to be an issue, merely use function to place and re-position your images.  Inside this function setup whatever code you use to place the images.  (I like a for loop nested in a for loop).
I think that's a bullshit thing for Apple to do, too.
Lots of overhead: yes. Need to use cint: no (I prefer to compile stuff against it). And I'm a particle physicist, so I already have it installed and know it well...
Heh, like this answer better than the first :)
Thank you for this constructive answer. The other replies were helpful as well in an educational way, but this one gave me a way to achieve what I was trying to do. Thanks!
Matt Does s.Count(char.IsUpper) give the same timing as s.Count(c => char.IsUpper(c)) ?
Thanks, this looks very promising - however, it is based on a WinForms (?) IDataObject, while the IDataObject used in WPF is slightly different. For this to work, I would need a lossless way to convert between the two, or...?
In fact you might have a problem if logfp = fopen( file1, a );
ah - well, there isnt anything wrong with zipping it up i suppose. its a very individual question. But you mentioned that using less disk space is better - if doing the zipping has no adverse effect such as eating up cpu power (because you have plenty?) then i dont see anything wrong.
And you should close it if you dont want a handles' leak ...
You're not by any chance allocating a CStringW[1], then reallocating to get a CStringW[2], etc?    Also, since you're going to use the COM API, why not use  bstrt strings directly? Could very well save you the marshalling costs, plus they can be stored in STL containers.
Please don't think that single-threaded code is safe from this potential issue. A signal handler (or other platform-specific interrupt) could just as easily modify the contents of s1.
What are you trying to do?  Your question (how do you fix this?) is vague.  Fix this could mean anything.
Do you consider a point in polygon test heavy? Most of the time it's just a greater than andor less than test of all ths points that the polygon is made up of, and only in some cases an intersection test of lines? Or...?
The semicolon is useful if we want to combine lines of codes.
Thanks a lot. Will try this approach.
The idea is that if they appear together, there might be some semantic relationship if it occurs enough (e.g. tennis racket) has a semantic relationship just like play tennis does.
No kidding. Thankfully, I never had to do anything directly with Invoke. But either way, MS made COM client development a whole lot cleaner and easier with VB than with C++.
If a table is unindexed and a cursor is faster, it will probably be still faster to index the table and use set-based logic.
you're right. Same issue ! but i don't see clear answer
this won't work... the <...> lets ASP.NET know it is taking place during databinding... the ! must go after the .
Sorry, actually I meant that the process should handle the file, not open it. I rewrote the question.
I was thinking to hasnothrowcopy, however, it seems to work only with recent versions of VC++.
why couldn't this be done BEFORE INSERT so you could modify the id before it gets committed?
Nick Berardi: Did you notice that your code scrolls out?  That's what I fixed.  You want it screwed up? Go ahead.
Nick: Thank you. Glad to see common sense prevails.
Is this meant to work under LINQ to SQL? If so, you should state that explicitly.
Crikey, so it is. Now we know his secret.
If you write currency trading apps for a living, these calculations are your 'core functionality'. You will need to spend time and effort getting them right to give yourself a competitive advantage.
There is a pure perl XML parsing library, but nobody who cares about speed uses it. Most perl XML parsing involves expat or libxml2 under the hood which is fast.
It may not be standard, but don't most modern languages support it? What language doesn't support look-aheads these days?
Because the operation is not idempotent.
Dana: Are you going to provide justification for undoing my valid edits?
thanks Rex, what would be the overhead cost of those SQL? i really like the simplicity and cleanliness of building dynamic SQL queries using LINQ2SQL. and my FullTextSearch returns a valued-table with the index keys of the rows that matches the searchString. would a Join be most efficent here?
operator+ creates a new buffer which is slow but if you do x = x + y (where x and y are both std::string) you may get an additional string buffer copy in the operator=! (may means that there may be std::string implementations that share buffers).
shrug  And .NET's WriteAttributeString doesn't obey even the first sentence of its docstring.  If I wanted to just pass blame for bad systems I have to work with, I could do that all day long.  :-)
Good pointsm erickson & bonjollity. I guess I just used the hash out of reflex.
Rex I suppose I wasn't clear. I was trying to say that the order of a foreach should be considered a side effect. Whereas a for loop has a guaranteed order. Jon glossed over that fact and implied that foreach should be used. I feel that if an indexed order is essential, then a for loop is safer.
How would this be answerable?  Do you want measurements in lines of code or something?
close to literate programming
You have to give us more information before we can help you.  If it doesn't look like simple text, then what does it look like?
Why would they do that to Objective-C ????
Good resource, but I'd appreciate some direct links.
It will no longer implement the interface and you'll get a compile-time error. Not sure why my answer got downvoted though, given that it's actually addressing the question...
Thanks, but I'm not sure that this applies to Delphi.  This is what I tried to do -- change the displayName during the install event -- but then the service choked when it tried to start under the wrong name.
done. sorry newbie mistake
Yes, it was second point One address is slightly even better. It was supposed to mean <address class=css-class script-class>. I'm sorry i didn't make it that verbose enough.
Thanks KP - I had this thought yesterday but was hoping for a 'purer' xaml solution - perhaps I'm barking up the wrong tree and a pure xaml solution isn't the correct way to be going about things in the first place.
Actually I think this is actually better style.  I think it's clearer what's happening.  I've never changed the right answer token before, but I think in this case, this is the better solution.
It's a Windows API that sets a block of memory to zero.
when you say [36001-36001] you dont actually mean subtraction right. threw me for a loop for a second
ricbax: be careful with your comments - that sort of attitude starts to get close to unreasonable expectations.  Although the questions pointed to are not exact duplicates, they are definitely pointers in the right general direction.
Thanks Presidenten, I had to put that project on hold but I'll definetely have a look at your link.
Did it in both (wrote my app in both to see the difference). What I posted was my Silverlight version. (Sorry, missed that your post was about WPF.) It was much more automatic in my WPF. I'll post my WPF code i another answer.
Let Jarus come up with a better solution, rather. (Why doesn't SO allow one to edit comments!?)
This method (and my method) do not actually get executed on the main thread, they are still done with Thread.currentThread == the thread where the exception occurs.  Not sure if that really matters to the OP.
i'm writing data to serailport outputputstream.is nio applies for it?
Indeed hackish, but could work
Indeed, not looking for a silver bullet :-)
Should be supported if IE6 is sufficiently updated. As far as I recall  somewhere around IE version 5.5 a new jscript engine emerged that supported push (before then I used home brew Array augmentations).
Ok. I'll say that a chief function with helpers is ok, so long as the task the chief function does can be broken into logical steps, each of which represents a separate concern.
In C++ there are also function references (typedef void (&FuncReft)()), but not member function references.
Then why is sqlite bombing with BADACCESS?
Okay, it was pretty simple..
Ok.  I've edited my answer to include information relating to that possibility.
exactly. but I guess that won't hurt too bad, since it won't be that much traffic anyways. I'm just looking for a way to let the user cancel it without having to wait a long time.
Excuse me, but ...how is that programming related?
What platform are you on? there are various solutions but it rather depends on which OS it needs to run on as to what's available.
wrapper divs may not be very elegant but they do the job most of the time for me
Jeff: Even less fun when you try to wrap them around a I <3 validator-image! Strangly enough the preview looked very very nice.
Cool, thanks I'll try the serialization package out.
I am pretty sure I tried to put the backticks in there and they where cleaned, How do you add themescape them?
-1 In a world where money grows on trees, there are no licensing issues and developers are allowed to install whatever they want on there workstations it might absolutely makes no sense.
There is no problem with replacing n with <br>. It's the manner in which you sought to do it that is a WTF, especially since you're already using XML-parsing tools like XSLT and XmlWriter. These things are more than capable of doing what you want, in a manner than isn't hilariously broken.
The python source code has many comments like this one. I think this kind of documentation is very helpful for people who are diving into the source code.
Thanks, I'll try it tonight.  Just wondering if you can explain the variables?  denkfaul's solutions redirects the output to logfile.txt.  In your solution I'm not sure which variable is pointing to the logfile.  And I'll pose the same question to you that I did to denkfaul regarding using Perl...
Thank you very much for the explanation.
Learning: What made you think that the question needs and [sqlserver] tag? looks a bit puzzled
I'm guessing they don't want to use something that isn't supported, but they also don't want to pony up for a commercial solution.
Where is the standard distribution? Is that CollabNets?
goldenmean: Local custom calls for leaving off the salutation to save space on the front-page, and your authorship is automatically displayed, so the sign-off is also unnecessary.
Oooh - sorry - it wasn't the ?: - somehow I removed the i from the end.  My search was running fast because it was running case sensitive.  When I add the i back on the end, the performance slows way down.  Your original solution works perfectly!
I know I can do it my self. I'm just wondering If I can just use something someone else has used.
Ah okay thanks! :)
so playerVersion == null? Doesn't that say enough then?
sounds like maybe someone did it already...http:wiibrew.orgwikiSegher27sWii.git
works in bash just fine. v2.5.2
Just to confirm, it is the EditLinkButton that you are trying to utilize?  If you put a breakpoint in your function, I assume its not hit.
+1 for handling the sys.stdout reassignment internally so that you can end logging by deleting the Tee object
Oscar Reyes:  Clients using AJAX can indeed have multiple requests to the same server open at a time.
Thanks for the tip. +1 for epatel
I would, except our firewall blocks streaming audio and video.
Voting to close: Duplicate: http:stackoverflow.comquestions605461vs2008-removes-my-indentation-in-js-file (Turn off auto formatting in the formatting tab)
I think you have a problem with your posted json: 1:app:'helloworld','message' => 1:app:'helloworld',message : 'a message'   ?
Awesome! Never knew this tool existed!!
Oscar - Why does it belong in the comments?  Isn't it valid to give an answer proposing an alternative solution?
I need to record both UTC AND local time. Site reports will usually be reqired in local, site time, enterprise-wide reports will be requested in UTC time. Regardless, I still need the ability, at database level, to work out what the local offset or time IS! The inputting user may be in any timezone.
The way I have it ought to work. I think I might have a problem with the complex graphics transform in effect when I am drawing the font.
which platforms?
exactly what i was after
TofuBeer Oh ok, i see, sorry. If I make the member variables final, it won't compile because parseGroup needs to set them.  I'd get rid of the constructor, but somebody may want to use it to construct a groupfile instead of just reading one in.
Does Enterprise-Level application also have to follow rules like, say like Section 508 for web sites?
Or, more generally, the reason for writing such code is that sometimes you want the same element to appear different based on where in the document it lives.
I've updated my answer to demonstrate why vector (and collections in general) must allocate from the heap.
Well I'm developing on Linux but the targets are Mac OS, Linux and Windows. In fact one of the reasons I want to override functions is because I suspect they behave differently on different operating systems.
Well I think that your schema would be simple to replicate on multiple databases.  The key would be reprogramming your code to use the different databases for each client.
Why encapsulate a single field into a struct? A typedef would be enough.
Not sure I understood what your getting at. Let me clarify: I meant when wondering on performances at such a low level (ie not algorithm), comparing is better. Create a benchmark program with intensive use of bools and measure with char or bool and comapre to 64 bits bools.
mghie: Maybe because creating datamodules in the mainform would make a unnecessary binding between the datamodules and the main form. It would sort of give the mainform the ownership of the datamodules.
Your not allowed to use the socket lib, would that stop imap from working?
You get into all sorts of fun things like memory alignment, how much data is fetched at a time, etc... where you need to know more than just the raw instruction set.  But testing to verify is always a good thing.
All that explicit and template and char const(&v)[] stuff. Go easy on the guy, he's obviously a newbie...
I have to run now but I'll look in to it later for you.
Works for PE files only. Solaris is ELF or possibly a.out
With the suggestion, what I worry for is if I encounter locking error during the time I'm deleting. Even if I remove the locks, I am still prone to encountering locking error during delete (it locks other records). What I'm thinking is on that part is make code try to delete until successful.
BTW, you have the same problem in the getRowsByArticleSearch function too.
Shouldn't there be a much simpler way?  Application servers such as Glassfish already provide support for SSO with realms.
Isn't a div with display:inline the same as a <span>?
Or maybe the author means this one http:www.wacom.comBambooTabletbamboo.php...
In a way I found a solution.  I removed the orchestration, promoted properties and on the second and third port, put filters where I defined BTS.SPName (which I thought was stored procedure name but now understand is Send Port name).  The routing issues were because I hadn't fully subscribed them.
Why 0.53 instead of 0.54 in your example?
Making it static would be a static attribute, or a many to one association (depending whether it's a value or a reference type).
You are better off to just iterate over the float[] array and call Write for each float.  This solution is highly inefficient.
To mark them as available to be overwritten one normally performs a backup (either Full or Trans Log).  Full Backup won't mark anything in the TLog as available - only a TLog backup (or forced clear!!) will do that - unless I have misunderstood what you meant?
The procees was very slow so wanted to be sure.
How will this break current security credentials? That statement doesn't make much sense. He's essentially creating a service account. This is not unusual, and can be secured. It doesn't mean it can interact with the desktop, just that is running with a different set of rightscredentials.
+1. Code reviews have the same effect.
Do you mean why the explicit cast to an interface, or do you mean why bother casting down to the interface at all?
Can't we all just get along?
Please open this back up. There is nothing wrong with the way the question is written now.
Excellent point, and very easy to forget.
You probably did not declare your variable outside of the scope of your function.
Huffman is exactly what I thought of when reading this question.  +1.
The problem is that all of this is SSH based. Is it possible at all to install git on a cgi server, say lighttpd?
photographer: even several processes reading in 15MB files shouldn't matter on a typical modern machine (depending, of course, on exactly what you're doing with them).
I'm having trouble getting the cropped image uploaded back to S3 through paperclip.
and the question is....?
That returns a tag count of 2 when I tag a blog comment, since COUNT(blogpostid) is 1 and COUNT(blogcommentid) is 1.
C is still a high-level language... Nothing changed.
I guess I thought deckcards was the same as self.deckcards; and I got the build from what I had read about associations andor association proxies (might not have the right term there)
There is also no .add to a list. It would be CoinsReturned.append(i)
I wouldn't use format for any new projects, use Perl6::Form instead.
Found out it works if you use filename.txt if it's in the same folder as the .cpp file of the program...but what if it's in a different file?  In case what I said above seemed a bit confusing
Yea, it's main(int, char ).
Thanks, very well explanation.
Kaity: No problem.  I was also a student finishing CS homework at 3am once ...
common subexpression elimination is the main reason for optimization re-ordering.  Remember that argument evaluation and parameter passing are allowed to be different, even though many compilers treat them identically.
When I'm doing that I get a all blue window, but at a size of 522x522...
http:stackoverflow.comquestions531133should-i-put-many-functions-into-one-file-or-more-or-less-one-function-per-fil
Yes, this is far more sensible than doing searchreplace, and TextFX is built-in to Notepad++.
Where it's saved is not the issue. Asker is trying to figure out a better design to avoid too many arrays.
Are you sure you get XmlNode and XmlDocument on the Java side? Those seem to be C terms. This remark may seem stupid, but there are quit a lot of XML parsers around, and all behave differently :)
Ok. The only WebDAV library I have used in Java is Slide but that is now a defunct project. I have no idea if it worked on J2ME.
Pourquoi: The error in browser is the same, while in Terminal the error message changed http:dpaste.com8977
Also, it's helpful to name your question in a way that actually describes what it's about.
By a square do you mean a pixelx,y coordinate or a 10 pixel block being a square?
You're going to have to give us a bit more context in order to get an answer to this question.
The web service issues the key. It can be sure the initaial request is legit because it is the regular http request for the page. in the page you can use all the regular auth stuff. Then when you are sure of the legit request you issue a key that gets stored on the client for a limited time span
and the page stores the key in a hidden field and gets posted to the server with each request? whats to stop someone just parsing out the key and fake submitting it? thanks very much for sharing your expertise by the way!
I actually think SQL does a pretty darn good job considering some of the horror database schemas I've seen over the years.
Thank you so much. Works perfectly.
Could you explain how it works?  Looks like it tries to close the process immediately after it opens.  According to procclose documentation, it will wait for the process to terminate - isn't this what we wanted to avoid?
madcolor, I posted a sample config in my answer, please check it out as it is probably an issue with the relation config
Evan, in C it is not a struct definition, but a struct declaration if you do struct f  ... ; in C++, that is called a definition, in C there is no such distinction between a struct definition and a struct declaration: both a declarations. the first (struct f;) declares an incomplete type...
Pretty solution. But such things should be wrapped as a library to not reinvent them in any new project.
I did so. The wc -l was just added to show that it acts strangely.
+1: Good points about the optimizer and design
I reread your post more carefully, and you are correct.  I thought the dialog was from a Word document and that's why I pointed you towards Structured Storage.  Sorry!
That's not a conclusive argument. Just because the spec gives that example doesn't mean that accessor methods aren't other things as well.
No! UCS-2 is NOT the same as UTF-16. UTF-16 is a superset of UCS2 which allows for non BMP characters encoding (using surrogate pairs). Windows uses UTF-16
It works for me. Are you specifying the shortened height in the initWithFrame method, as I described?  They do tend to fight to stay a certain height, but once I initialized with a short frame, it worked.
select(yourobject, state, SomeModel::STATECODES.collect  code, name [name, code] )
+1 yeah I couldn't remember the name of this one...
Very good point.  The big-O consideration really isn't tied to the SSA question.
I don't see the harm in it, I figure at worst it'll be left untouched.
I don't think I understand what Code split between database and application is more complex than it needs to be means, and continually chanting Code does not belong in the database like a mantra is unpersuasive.
It may be worth posting the definition of the table you're trying to add the image to.
are the strings known in advance? Do they need to be accessed by string only?
Man page for git-merge-base suggests it is not for Paduan learners...
Don't forget to check the accepted answer.
+1; that worked too; thanks.
Static methods do not have any access to instance data from their own object (because there is no object, hence no 'this').  They can access other objects fine.
Also, SymmetricExceptWith does not really cut it ...
The C team doesn't control intellisense, they control the compiler. In any event that's not the main issue. I don't think var would have made the 100 points on saving typing alone.
It's exacly what I needed. Thank you. I guess I should make more use of references.:)
I've updated the first method to postRepository.Comments (assuming that is the name of the table in your linq2sql mapping).
This is C++, std::string has no substring() method.
<system.net>
No sorry this won't work. I think what you mean as well would be '<Item>' + doc.col.query('') + '<Item> - the code you give here is selecting <Item> and <Item> as separate columns, whereas I need them to be part of the xml I get as a result of doc.col.query('').
Yes, use dds esp when the first breakpoint hits and find the guid.  It'll be one of the values on the stack (C pushes right to left, so).  Just dt GUID [addr] each one until you find the guid.
Also, it will break just as bad as soon as you include the hours in the format string and are not at GMT+0, for the same reasons.
+1, for the flexible and zero-length arrays. You could maybe also add that the benefit of this practice is that you save the memory for one pointer and reduce it to only one (expensive) allocation.
Thank you! :D (marks as accepted in the morning after trying test code)
Sorry, I meant both the argument and the parameter :)
+1: This answer helped me with an issue just five minutes ago.
Thanks for your answer.  I need to clarify that the .suo file isn't under ClearCase but is view private.  It's the point where it recreates the missing file that it tries to checkout the .sln file.
Both have been set per Ant installation settings. Thanks for the response.
Oh, yeah, setup.py uses distutils :)
Aren't you misusing InnerText a bit here? Afaik that's for setting text and you're setting markup. Shouldn't you use InnerXml in the first place? And why do you need to write this as concatenation of various strings and characters anyway? The second method should work (if you escape the ) as well.
dirkgently
Given that the Collection class is in the same package and its properties not private, he doesn't necessarily have to use a get method (though of course it's cleaner).
His example is a little ambiguous, but I don't think he is necessarily meaning to attempt cocontravariance here. He stated that he does want AppleBowl instance to hold only apples, so there doesn't have to be a type change involved.
Y-Axis: Time, X-Axis: Number of Elements. It would be cool if you could add o(n!) just for the sake of completeness, but I really like the graph :)
Well, ideally I would be recording a macro - but have a way to open a text selection prior to doing something that moves the caret (like a search.)
litb:  You're right.  Or perhaps int(c)&0xff
You're welcome. BTW, unless the methods have something to do with the object itself, you should probably make them static.
You won't be able to access any custom security zone information - but you can make general determinations.
see my edit.  I am re-instantiating the form each time.
-1 unions have bad performance & this doesn't cover current year without modifications to the query.
Doesn't work on Windows (XP) or Mac OSX (Leopard). I'm not using transperency either. Thanks.
I agree, though some of the people above me do not. The argument they have is that if the queue became corrupt or out of memory we could lose messages. You can argue the database could have the same problems though this is what they decided.
Err. But the OP is specifically asking for a character which is preceeded by whitespace. So you might argue that his requirements are error prone. But s?
That's right - but the Custom classloader is itself inside the trusted jar - so if it has been granted all permissions, logically those permissions should 'flow' to classes that it loads. But I get your point - the files can be manipulated only by hacking the JRE plugin itself.
That's true, though you could also construct the parameter in a static method and pass the result to the base class constructor. I prefer that over the hook approach. Or, since this is .NET, you could remove the things from the constructor and do it in the setters, which is serialization-friendly.
I would highly recommend Head First Design Patterns for a good way to appreciate the differences between abstract classes and interfaces - http:www.amazon.comFirst-Design-Patterns-Elisabeth-Freemandp0596007124ref=pdbbs3?ie=UTF8&s=books&qid=1236620677&sr=8-3
These seem to be two variable methods, not multivariate methods as in the question. Am I missing something? If not, I can't recommend adapting a two variable method to more variables. It's really error prone.
My code has >80k lines of code, so that would take quite a lot of time... I'm afraid that error is raised in C++ code, and is fully handled in C++ level. What I really want to do is to handle that error BEFORE wxWidgets will do so.
midight will give you midnight today, which is in the past, rather than the future.
I'm using the standard fl.transitions class. How can I can I add the text from the array to movieclips and specifiy font and size?
all is an alias for find :all.  There's no difference.
For the entire system, of everything going in and out on a particular network source (wireless, ethernet, these things I'd have to check for usage first no doubt).
Node: Not sure how it could be used as a security hole, other than that it is generally considered bad practice, and therefore it has been disabled by default in FreeBSDLinux.
I tried it, but I didn't work... I noticed it made it image move down a bit... but it didn't change it.
No, it's positioned relative to the closest parent with any 'position:' other than the default, 'static'
grieve: HTTP is much easier to secure
Probably am overcomplicating. I'm just breaking a file up, at the line breaks, into 4K pieces for the iPod notes. The program works, but it's adjusted for Windows. file.each is not the right way to go?
okay, i now removed they type information..
add the regex tag
I've had to deal with this before. I ended up just using Google Maps :(
TheTXI: That reminds me of http:xkcd.com399
or post both files?
+1 for the tip that strtotime() takes DST into account.
Thanks,, its working..
Ash I can only speculate how they do it, but that's the most reasonable way I can think of. How else would the GUI not go down with a tab? There has to be a master process to coordinate everything and spawn new ones.
thanks for suggestions! could you elaborate what does h = (h << 6) ^ (h >> 26) ^ data[i]; do?
How do I wait a few seconds and verify the state of the test class? Use an old school style sleep() hack?
No, because you believe in fairy tales like the distinction between functional languages and otherwise. For a LISP with a nicer syntax, try Logo, or Python, or Ruby. Inflicting Java on a beginner is just cruel. A child doubly so.
Ok so far so good but that did not solve my problem :P, i get to .net code but how do i get the Object that the datatemplate is for? in my case Job
But you're not delivering the .NET Framework. Your customers might not need it. In fact, it's more likely that they don't need it.
Interesting. I guess I would have declared a friend subclass called Invariant with checks in the ctor and dtor, and just declared an instance of that on the stack at the start of each public member function. Your code is slightly shorter, but it only checks at function exit.
Nope, alter the serialization code. Edited answer to clarify.
I do not (about the IBM mainframe). So I changed the Q to reflect your answer, but it doesn't help. I can think of a workaround, but I'd like to figure out what's going on... thx!
Nice answer, I think according to what you said, it is best to wait for the next version.
nickf right, fixed that
It's hypothetical, for a scheme I'm considering.
Really? To get on the negativity page? Ouch.
Rothko, your solution will fail if 0 contains blanks.
LOL - OK I'm wrong.  Have a good time reflecting in javascript
kquinn, your technically correct, but I brought up FLT because it is the basis of Miller-Rabin. The book I linked goes on to explain the weakness of FLT and then expand it into Miller-Rabin. I also didn't see the Mark posted about Miller-Rabin until after I posted this answer.
I think one cannot stress enough the fact that PUT is idempotent: if the network is botched and the client is not sure whether his request made it through, it can just send it a second (or 100th) time, and it is guaranteed by the HTTP spec that this has exactly the same effect as sending once.
I've been Skeeted!
I thought there was a library method, but tweakt threw me off by mentioning deepEquals() right off the bat. Arrays.equals() does exactly what this method with your change does, although it also stores a.length in a temporary variable (before comparing lengths).
BTW: don't take member too literally. I always think about it like this: a === b means: if there were several bins, and one of the bins was labeled 'a', does it make sense to throw 'b' in there? So, for example Module=== means the same thing as Objectkindof? Because if you have a bin that is ..
OK - I'm starting to get  it - you want a single productID returned + the corresponding Docnumber with the highest transaction date
Glad we all could help :o)
thank you for your suggestion.  i never did figure out how to do that except maybe with inserting objects.  in our case we need something more powerful.
i don't mind at all; 3rd party components are generally an excellent solution for situations like this.  thank you for your comment.  the what version of Word conversation is definitely a conversation i don't want to have!
This might be what you want, but typically I'll only return a different view if there is an error, which returns a shared error view, or a validation issue, which returns the view from which the action was invoked.  I prefer to keep my URLs RESTful and not have the view be context dependent.
that creates list for every element, and it does duplicate exact matches
Unfortunately, Py2exe does not currently provide a way to bundle all required resources into a single file.  It goes a long way, by collecting the few (possibly just one) .dll's that must be installed alongside, but it still doesn't quite meet keithwarren7's requirement.
Rob: As I explain in http:stackoverflow.comquestions16142114384, a branch is for a given development effort. Here trunk represent the effort to reflect remote trunk. If that becomes incompatibles with current dev (because of tricky dcommit), another branch is needed. As simple as that.
Since this is a well known problem and almost a must for everysingle commandline tool out there I was assuming there should be some mature solutions, and maintaining and writing my own sound a bit spending my time. But hey, since there is not enough answer here maybe you are right.
+1 BitBucket has a very nice interface.
I agree, we are all adults here. Return a naked pointer and let the user of the code decide how to best catch the return value. I believe that sharedptr's constructor from an autoptr is going away (autoptr is going to be deprecated).
I think you're talking about the size of a reference rather than the object overhead itself.
I can't see the cookie in the browser, or rather under the cookie listings in various browsers.
I concur with Jonathon's assessment. If the site is live, a link would be good too
At some point, PHP's policy became to delete the temp files at the end of the request if you haven't movedrenamed them, so your entire current mechanism will also break if you upgrade past that version.
Order is still important because it introduces consistency. By always following the same layout in all of your classes it becomes easier to locate things.
If the clients can pick a subset of fixes, won't you need a 'set' of version numbers? Unless you going to split things in the repository (or code) and then map it back to unique numbers ...
Good point Dan! Glad it's working Ricardo
+1 for atleast thinking it thru and not just dropping something and leaving.
Isn't ICloneable deprecated?
I don't go to school, so no homework :D
there are many questions on random numbers on SO, plesae take a lookat those...
Silly me... eval(eval()) in python... thanks for your answer!
What is the exact pattern you are looking for?  e.g. what does the match result set look like?
I think you are right, at the very least, decrementing a begin() iterator may be undefined. Too bad, it will definitely cross the ugly line by having to replace iter-- with if(iter != mylist.begin()) iter--;  :)
Thanks indeed. I change the delegate to 'self' and it works. Maybe there was a connection error last time.
+1 - Joel, could you use your editing super-powers and fix Marge :)
Thanks, that's exactly what I was looking for
Thanks for the detailed answer. I read through the comments in the Olson tzdata2009b file and see what you mean about the debate. It looks like I do have EST in my timezone db, so I'll just stick with that.
lacqui - you could write the (ende)cryption code in XS and compile it, and interface to it through Perl and (for security) not distribute the XS source with the standard module distribution. But even this isn't perfect.
You still have to figure out the angle from the heading vector to know if it still lies within the FOV, and until this step is laid out, this answer is only half complete.
Doing all of these naively with your own code is not necessarily going to be numerically stable. For example, your mean function loses precision in certain cases.  Does he really want to debug that? Use GSL or some other decent library and you get numerically stable algorithms.
This worked, but I had to do some more coding (the scenario given above wasn't an exact representation of the situation at hand).
I think the point is that in the first sentence 'trade' is a verb and in the second it is used a noun. The meaning of the word is dependent on the context in which it is used.
I agree with getting rid of copy-paste as long as you can still cut-paste. Cutting and pasting code is essential to refactoring and keeping the code in a clean state.
Thank you for your answer, Eric.  I have installed Viewstate addon but, I expected to see a URL but, I get some weird string.  Were you able to view an URL in the ViewState addon?
I have added it, but still nothing changed.
MFC is also a very, very old library.
These are the two options that exist for styling in WPF.
Rich B: Editing other peoples posts to change something at this level of insignificance steals them one opportunity to add something relevant before their post is turned into a wiki and cannot earn them rep anymore. Maybe (just maybe) you are taking this editing business a little too seriously.
It seems that the connection automaticly breaks after a postback, thats fine, i keep the itemID inside viewstate.
Cheers Wayne! I'll check it out and let you know.
Can you commit new files or edit old files in the repository?
Boris, how could anyone possibly have known what you were talking about? I don't even know what Lucene is!
It won't change the memory allocation for the vector.  That's normally reduced by swapping with a temporary empty vector.
The thing is you shouldn't have to know.. The format is irrelevant.
Look, its not magic.  In your example app, either its being registered in code or its being registered in a configuration file.  If you haven't found it its because you're looking in the wrong place.
Now you have me curious. I don't know what full vs pdb-only would do to our PDB generation process.  I don't think there is much  any item that is normally included that could be excluded for a PDB.  Hopefully I'll have time to play around later and see.
ajaxForm certainly has a success callback as well as a beforeSerialize one, which I know i use
The only way to do it...
Ah, that explains it of course. :)
also, if this helps and is your correct answer, it's rude not to mark it so and give cmsjr his due kudos :)
Yes, as itsmatt indicates, MSDN says it's a binary search tree.
(Since the question is about C++.)
Thanks Mike. That's exactly what I've done. Yes, it is ugly, but stable.
Good point. But the question has changed so many times now, I've lost track of what he's asking.
This may end up being the simplest method in terms of design, but it is making a big assumption that the users are going to be able to correctly put in the fraction they want. I would recommend this only slightly above having the user type in a decimal number.
Do you want asSubclass or getConstructor().newInstance().cast?
Trying to use the same UI in silverlight and a desktop app is one of those things that sounds nice in theory, but in practice I think will just lead to a crappy UI on both platforms.
He's asking about .net languages where the initialisation is guaranteed.
My bad; it's actually an extended TextInput. Read my comment for the answer below.
You also have to set the userInteractionEnabled property to YES.
communicate() and wait() are blocking operations, though. You won't be parallelize commands like the OP seems to ask if you use them.
How annoying, you are right about X-Recipient still being there in the received message.
Thank you HokieTux for helping a Terminal newbie out.
No, but it does link a process to a network connection.  It's one peice of the puzzle.
stash can only temporarily store uncommitted changes in the tree. Eventually the OP wants to check in the changes to the files, but prevent them from being committed to SVN repo.
I am reading the data from the scale. Does this value (Newline) have to correspond the scale format in this case?
ok.granted. this is a way .. how languages can interact.
welcome its an awsome program
Technically it's also not to the correct size (the challenge page linked to in the question states that there is a 35px square in the center.)
I am using Linq to SQL
Can you include the code where you create the object and add it to the DataContext?
+1 Tricky problem.
No need to check if Object is assigned. The Free method does that for you.
but then I won't have the ability to move the cursor withing the edit field.  I'd rather not have to delete 10 characters because the first one was wrong (and I cannot do validation until everything is entered)
implementing a put http verb doesn't sound particularly cutting edge. i would assume if you added a http handler it would see put requests coming in.
IIS 7 on 2008 servers
Ai.........die code maak nie sence vir my nie....ek is nog baie junior.
I'm glad someone brought this up. Fuzz Testing is hugely useful, but note that random testing should be in addition to repeatable tests.
Yes, I am. I am writing a program in C++ that keeps track of running processes and if any of these crash of freeze, that program kills (if needed) and restarts them. All these watched programs have the same image names.
Not sure how this ended at -1. The existing signature already states that a reference is returned. The thread and lifetime problems follow from that reference and that signature. Using function statics do not make it a lot worse.
That did the trick! Thanks.
+1: 1. PEP 8. 2. ALl modern editors handle Python indent-outdent.  Point 3 is so obscure as to be a non-concern -- I like the irony of picking something really obscure.
The answer was already given and accepted.  I was more interested in showing an alternative design.  Inheritance is powerful, but easily abused.
Your choice. The wrapper will pretty much duplicate the original control except make the default property work the way you want. If you want to use a default property with no parameters then you will need to definitely use the vb6 user control
one question for clarity sake: in the above I can see main() starts at 0001:000000e0 but how did you find it ends at 30F?
Thanks for the answer, though I am looking for an answer to this particular scenario as that is what I am facing at present. I cannot adjust the table structures and require exactly what is expected from the above. Note that the seed value may not necessarily be one, depending on targets contents...
Good information, but I think a misinterpretation of the question
And I have to remember that the deserialized object graph contains new objects, the old references no longer work. D'oh!
I don't want to talk to an application on the phone, I want to be able to move date off the device when it is connected to the desktop. The SQL Server CE database is a single file that I can read and copy to the local disk with RAPI.
True, but all irrelevant with respect to the question. Regardless of how any of the elements is declared or initialized, the indexing should always be correct.  This is not a question about best practices; it's a question about the way the compiler computes addresses.
Currently using 1.2.6, looks like it is time for an upgrade.
No, it goes through the same Control.MarshaledInvoke code path. It places it on the queue, but it executes the queue immediately.
I have no experience with Migration of existing documents to 2007 since I always only needed to open and re-save them in Office 2007, but if your users are not Office 2007 yet that that would not be an option anyway. I don't know if you can batch-convert documents to 2007 with any tool :
Instead of querying the dictionary tables, you can simply do:
+1 nice implementation with the the regex match, although I wonder if there's a constant space after the comma across all browsers
Does it have to be in C? Use a script to generate the C code.
In all honesty there's so many things generated by nm I'm currently very confused. The function is present in libmiindsparseimplementation.so though, which is correct afaik?
Public Sub ipSendMail(ByVal toEmail As String, ByVal fromEmail As String, ByVal subject As String, ByVal url As String)
You can also use a BoundField. http:msdn.microsoft.comen-uslibrarysystem.web.ui.webcontrols.boundfield.aspx
I'm worried alright, it's why I'm asking ;)
Hmmm, that's an interesting avenue to go down.
In the LoadBitmap function, I associated a bitmap for its disabled state. That bitmap appears when I run my program ( the part where the I disabled the button). I guess it's disabled but Event A is still fired (after Event B has finished executing) when I clicked Button A when Event B is executing.
I guess some people do NOT like my question and down-voting it...such an abuse of SO...
I think that the BindingList class will fire events when it changes, so that might work better.
nearly the same: http:stackoverflow.comquestions629573why-cant-regular-expressions-use-keywords-instead-of-characters
Hey straight up, that's a good answer. Thanks!
Fixed.  fileName, , text= line.strip().partition(' ')  You should learn Python, you could do your own debugging.
42: http:msdn.microsoft.comen-uslibraryty67wk28(VS.80).aspx
Could you explain further about the headings? I'm only allowed one H1, but I can have as many H4s as I want? Really?
he, it seems the question was changed while I was answering the question
It works flawlesly Josh because I'm not currently using ValidationGroup to group my validators. But I'll keep testing it because in order to make it work I'm using an unique validator group for the validator I want to fire. In the future as the webform gets more complex this won't be possible.
Paperclip processors won't really work in a flexible way for this as I need parameters passed in the params hash to properly crop and there is no real way to pass parameters to processors in paperclip.
the SMTP work sir, but i think that the problem is on getting the email address fromt he database.
It's fragile in a lot of ways -- for example, a clock being reset backward can cause missed updates as well, and missed updates can result in undetected edit conflicts.  Multi-master replication is a nontrivial task.
Notice it says tbDis1 + len and you're trying to get tbDist1 + len
Really 'Ruby on Rails' refers to ruby (the language) and rails (the web framework).
I didn't either until I checked with our Father who art in Heaven, Wikipedia.
No I think it should work. For example CSLA.NET has: public abstract class BusinessBase<T> :
i think he means something like what firebug does
Mine was second, I saw a yellow line about new answer the moment I've clicked a button
You version allows empty intersections i.e., `all(d3.values())` might be `False` in some cases. But the OP asks to include only those keys when there are some common numbers.
Holy cow, you're turning Python into Perl with the magic underscore business. Just say no.
perfect :) it also highlighted some key ways to do this so when i googled some more, i got more results. perfect :) cheers!
This is definitely how I would do it. I'm a strong opponent of using inheritance for the sake of providing methods. That's what static utility methods are for!
tsk tsk... Without a warning that it's obselete...
That's true, but I'd recommend Cygwin over MinGW, because all of those unix tools. You can always compile native with -mno-cygwin, which uses libraries borrowed from MinGW.
If you have the rep to fix a question, fix it. Seriously.
Add a break point on buttonPressed: and make sure it is actually being called. While you are there you can also hover over widget.name and inspect its value.
If the text in a PRE continues with no break, it will spill out of the width if set.
This is not correct. Try creating a function with eval within a function. You will be able to call it outside the functino, too.
dribeas, have you actually read his answer? he literally says standard requires the use of typename.
TheTXI: Your additional suggestion now has the flaw that the burden of holding the value placed on the client and bandwidth needed to include it in all requests whether required or not, in addition to reducing its type to a string.  Not mention that clients could block or worse spoof them.
This is an important remark. Too many novices seem to think that OO programming is just coupling every possible logic to physical objects that exist in the real world.
Konrad, because something is arbitrary doesn't mean they aren't useful. Sometimes simply having a standard in and of itself is useful. Having something consistent is powerful. Hungarian is, arguably, not consistent. Checkbox? cb? cbox? ckb? This is why I fight against it.
What would your intersection be for c1 intersect c2? Do you want to simply find if c1 is in c2? Or do you want to find all elements in c1 that appear anywhere in c2?
But aren't most configuration files read on start-up? Surely a dynamic system that acquired these discount rules on-the-fly would be necessary for a 247 supermarket chain. In which case, do you pick the flexibility of adding a new object (code), or the limits of data?
What result are you getting?
I'm afraid I've never actually used the tool before, so I won't be much help.  I suggest you post your problem as a new SO question, or perhaps visit the SVN IRC channel on irc.freenode.net subversion.
It's a non-trivial task to make the text difficult to machine-read, though, so it might be a good idea to go with an existing library or service. The others' suggestion of Recaptcha is a reasonable one.
The GetHashCode example implementation is trivial to the point of uselessness.  What if more than one field participate in the equality of the object?  This seems like the more common situation to me.
Thanks unwind. The file I have right now is just a sample file so it's rather short. But the files I will be using it on are going to be large. I'll see what others suggest, and I'll probably try out your suggestion for now.
uvtscvs: aren't those fields are stored as binary, too?
Notice that we are talking about defining what is code vs. data, not wherehow you are supposed to have itintegrate itetc.
SPL is still a very obscure part of the documentation. In fact even what's documented it's incomplete.
haha, cute! how does it work? (+1)
Of course you can short-cut on a perfect match, but that's about it.
F does support tail recursion see: http:en.wikibooks.orgwikiFSharpProgrammingRecursion
It is pretty ambiguous - sometimes new developers are just way, way off in their perception of how things work. This can lead them  to pursue solutions that just don't make sense to others.  I don't know if Olav is new or if we're just dealing with a language barrier.
Peter: You're right. They're guidelines. and one should go with the team consensus. However, the guidelines are well written, and offer a common ground to start from, even for internal naming conventions.
In .net, you have resource files, this is where hardcoded strings belong, let them there
Previous question (for more insight): http:stackoverflow.comquestions616853getting-the-data-out-of-one-many-relation-ship-from-same-table
I started writing iPhone apps with Beta 2 of the SDK.  My first app still does not use any nib files.  So I know that I can do everything and more in code that I can do in Interface Builder.  I also know that doing so is a tremendous hassle.
litb: I had read the answer twice, and nonetheless I had not actually read it. I somehow read that typename was not required, instead of what the Magnus had actually said: typedef is not actually required.'Attention deficit reader' is a nice way of putting it :)
I've never had a string formatting question that I couldn't answer by going to this page: http:blog.stevex.netindex.phpstring-formatting-in-csharp
The PHP CHM Manual is on my quick launch bar! :D
+1: Each person is the head of a list, with a list behind them.  Except the last person, who is the head of an empty list.
yes, I am realizing that is my problem.  I had hoped to be able to cast to the common base class and use it.
Peterh made a post that might be helpful: http:groups.google.comgroupgoogle-appenginemsgcf207d882941cf8d
LOL... don't get me started on those heavy shifting Python Docstrings now ;-)
webdtc They did. System.Web.UI.HtmlControls.HtmlLink. It gets instantiated when you do <link runat=server>
HashSet will speed up both Contains and Remove operation -- speed will be equal to Dictionary's. See ref at http:msdn.microsoft.comen-uslibrarybb359438.aspx
Yeah, same here too. Many crashes. To bad it isn't open-source.
I've worked with Linux professionally for over a decade. What is the difference exactly?
Thank you I appreciate it.
strager, I remembered that when I clicked Add comment, was too late to change it
I believe it does depend on ActiveRecord, but you can use it outside of Rails.
Don't use the cmp argument if the key argument to sort will do though!  That is prefer foo.sort(key=lambda x: x[1]) to foo.sort(lambda x, y: cmp(x[1], y[1])).  It's both easier to understand and much more efficient.
FerranB, I know, but it is irrelevant. He wants to get the nextprevious row for a given row, regardless of the sort order of the row. Of course you can do that in the result set in memory, then you are right - it would matter. But he asked for the SQL.
not exactly sure what you're trying for, some code might help.
Yeap. I mention 'thread' just for programmers who only knows C++ here.
Why does this needdo you want this to be a template?
Not sure why this is getting so many downvotes - if you think I'm wrong could you please explain why.
Very interesting answer, I learned something. Thanks brone.
By visibility, are you talking about scope (Private, Protected, Public?)
+1 great! persistence has paid off and thank you for sharing the answer.
Unless the old language is VB6! If you have any existing VB6 programs, well Microsoft have some nice new languages for you to rewrite your apps in. Maybe you'll finish before your organisation goes bankrupt and your competitors have innovated your products into irrelevance.
Thanks but you forgot to include this: system(.myfile.sh);
The way I proved a hardware problem is I reproduced it using only commands typed at a command prompt.  A real bear to find as the router would only puke when under substantial load.
Access cannot use ODBC to connect to a Jet database, so the first is not going to be of any use within Access.
hansen j : a tree is the list of blobs (SHA1-referenced contents) or sub-trees, and names. Note that two file with the same contentsize will have the same SHA1. The tree will still list 2 files (because 2 different names), but Git will only store the unique content once!
webkit is the engine of safari and google chrome.
Hi James, how do you suggest that I store bytes into the database? (e.g. on a MySQL database)
UTF-8b looks very interesting. But won't the unpaired low surrogates result in an malformed UTF-16 string?
You're exactly right.  I'm more of a hobbyist at this point and would like to create my own sites for various reasons, certainly with the hope that they'll become much bigger in the future.  The same goes for the business related site that I'm doing.
If you read my original question, this is exactly what I've done from a schema perspective (go back and look at my Image model).  My use case was for something outside the admin, but if it was in the admin, yeah, this is more or less what I would do.
If chapterList has previously been assigned a value, you need to [chapterList release] before you assign a new object to it.
I agree. If nothing else is available that's a good solution. I just can't help thinking there is another way. Really the UDP Send should be throwing an exception when the ICMP message is received.
Microsoft made some serious mistakes that prevent this from being a useful scenario - With respect to sp1?
In theory it should work....I cannot get it to work using a string as a selector no matter now many variations I try...what cersion of jqueryui are you using?
I wonder where he found a C99 compliant compiler. Does one even exist? :p
Yes, I know I can't do that :( I was wondering about how to do it correctly. I've implemented all the advice, so maybe if you can have another looksy?
Thorbjorn,
Nothing guarantees that that original writes match the resulting reads.  It's a single stream of bytes
Ben: What assembly is it in? Is the assembly strongly typed?
Meh, meant position:absolute.
Yeah, you don't often see C-style strings in C++. Also the C++ standard library would let you do the entire function as a one-liner. But when people are learning, and so reimplement functionality instead of using the standard library, it can be hard to tell them apart.
gpojd, if you bother to look at the current code, you will see that the subroutine is not defined in the Entities.pm file, intentionally: http:cpansearch.perl.orgsrcGAASHTML-Parser-3.60libHTMLEntities.pm : require HTML::Parser;   for fast XS implemented decodeentities
Yes you have to register online, there is no fee involved,but the website is not online yet, the application will run perfectly except placong comments.. What a hustle this is
Hmm, I thought that it worked like the RequiredFieldVlidator where it is ok with the field being filled.
So, your problem is in part that you are using ClearQuest as well as, rather than only, ClearCase.  We are not using ClearQuest (yet), so I can't comment on its speed, but it isn't entirely fair to ClearCase to  blame it for ClearQuest's defects.  OTOH, ClearQuest is sold on top of ClearCase, so ...
pushdpopd are also available in bash (without the UNC support obviously), useful tools
Did you already jailbreak your iphone? Only then can use use a GNU c compiler.
Yes, that is correct.
With the number of applications the integrate IE, this seems legit to me.  I would reword the question, though.
Thanks for the idea, but as I said in the original post, my mind is already conditioned for suspend-run-fg style of working, and I prefer that for certain scenarios anyway. I am looking for an answer that doesn't involve a different workflow. I also want to know how to control the term anyway.
And replace the C-style cast with staticcast<> since you're working with C++ :)
If you have JS disabled but CSS enabled this method is flawed (no content).
Then you'd need to ask yourself: Do I really need to have this control for my own class. If you don't, keep it simple. If you do, your class is probably larger than it should be and should be split up.
Yes that's a good point, I guess I'm just after more clean, succinct and elegant code.
how would you prove with a profiler whether byte or int is more efficient?
That is ridiculous, who writes comments when they're drunk.
I use this one, Visual Leak Detector, its great enough :)
-1: It's funny, but it diverges to infinity. Project completion time estimates should be finite. At least that's what my boss keeps telling me...
The problem is that we have probably a thousand or so source files, and a random subset of them are set to optimize. yeah, I probably do need to reorganize all of the optimized files into sub folders or something, that would definitely make it easier.
It's actually due to an implementation problem early on in the language design -- apparently Guido and team could not figure out how to bind the implicit self parameter to its enclosing environment, short of just passing it explicitly.  Hope I got that right, not a compilertranslator guru.
GregBeech  I said (and I quote) In a correctly implemented GC system; your links (if accurate) just demonstrate that the CLR GC isn't correctly implemented.  They didn't have to do it that way & many reasons they shouldn't have; saying Microsoft did it so it must be right just won't fly.
John your checklist is exactly what was troubling me. Even with most of those, I still think there is some formal requirement that I still need to really step into a role that I have been playing for a while. 
inline styles are about to be deprecated in html 5 :P
is <input type=button class=foo class=bar > valid html?
Small technicality: a class name cannot be called 'semantic' because it is not a controlled vocabulary: there is no standard anywhere that defines what important-message means across apps. Naming your classes by their function is still a good idea because it promotes readability and best practice.
Don't forget that Ubuntu and Debian tends to put alot of the 'classic' development infrasture in the build-essential package, so install that too.
what if the tags were stored in one delimited varchar field and you could use a like 'tag' query against that field, probably still not very indexable
Yeah, I've actually done something very similar to that in the end. Was just being lazy and hoping there was something nice and out of the box out there I could re-use. Thanks for the advice.
akauppi: I didn't mean to creat a duplicate, but when I was about to ask the question I spend a while looking for similar ones didn't find any if I would I'd have never asked this one. What can I say SO search does suck...
please help me !!!
Mr Torvalds has a long list of things he doesn't like, C++, emacs, Subversion, OO to mention a few. One sometimes wishes he would button his lip a little more
IMHO, it SHOULD be possible. Linux tuntap driver seems to support IPv6. Try tap driver (virtual ethernet) instead of tun if I'm wrong and IPv6 is not supported.
specified a bit more in the anwser
Can you say why having a composite index is beneficial? (no critique, I'm just wondering)
I wouldn't call option 1 a copy constructor. They are usually of the form: MyClass(MyClass o)
+1: You beat me to it a couple of seconds!
ndorfin: it's not that they are ignored, it's that IE6 transfers the rules to all classes in the rule, regardless of if all classes are applied to the element.
what he was asking for in the first place. Or questions that were retrospectively edited and then closed cause they were 'duplicates' (although they weren't before the editing). Devil's in the details!
bloody haslayout, grumble grumble
Plain old C Object, nothing special
You're right - I'll alter my answer.
To summarize: class = reference type, struct = value type.  You can't layout the memory map of a type containing itself.  However, reference types will contain only memory reference, not the actual data structure.  Therefore, it's not necessary to know how that type is structured at compile time.
Sorry for taking so long... I kinda stopped watching SO for a while :-)
A few lines for this struct, a few lines for another one; mix-in a [MarshalBy] for something slightly more complicated...C++CLI looks even better.
Good point (catch won't stop code from halting when an error is hit, especially if you handle a narrow exception type)
Hmm... I take part of it back.  It's per session rather than per-request.  The logic involved (and proposed solution) still apply, however.
Added the mysql2date code
you should probably add a return somewhere ;)
But that's just silly. =P
This works. Thanks. Do you know if this is the preferred way of accessing Office Links? It seems like there would be some other exposed interface.
Add code to the if statement to check upper and lower bounds and it's perfect.
That's a great trick, thanks for sharing! :)
The thing is, this message doesn't always trigger.  Is using 302 redirection somehow more secure than using meta refreshes? Probably not, which is why the newer browsers don't show the message.
The problem is that he is using the wrong escape sequence for his string type. He can either change the string to literal (as you say), or change the escape sequence (as I said)
wow... you guys ROCK!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Thanks, Versions is a great client! does it have any server functionality though?
Rob Kennedy, Usability is not a concern in this case, either. This application will be used in a touchscreen environment, but not the iPhone. The solution should be treated like a mouse is being used because the touch screen driver acts as a mouse.
You may want to rename editedTax1 and editedTax2 to federalTax and socialSecurityTax, respectively, or something similar.  This would make the code easier to read.
Martin, Using && allows the 'function' to be used as a normal function with a return value (in most cases).  You can for example do: if(WAYPOINT)  more debug .  Macro would be: define WAYPOINT (dbg && (printf(.., COUNTER) >= 0))
I declared the FileName variable as FileName: string;, I re-wrote the FileName := and SaveTo lines as: FileName := 'Screenshot'+FormatDateTime('yyyymmdd-hhnnss-zzz',now());
Thanks, you did a great job explaining this. I do need to use negation because the text between forms is not uniform, the example was over simplified.
mghie, I used your Format() way, and it worked! Thank you everyone for helping me out :)
00400000-00406000 r-xp 00000000 00:0b 64561      foo-user
This will not activate thing, it only checks if an instance already loaded or not
Thank you Anthony
To be pedantic, footnotes are not part of the standard.
Umm, isn't it. I know you can put them in some persistent scope but as far as I know you can't just call a udf and expect CF to know what you mean?
One suggestion from another Javaworld article is to use the Builder pattern to seperate out UI from an object, but still concentrating on a loosely coupled system:
Not really. Right now just sorting which data belong to which biological cell. In fuure I have an equivalent problem that will eventually generate a search engine. But not on pages. And not using links. (Can't say more at this stage :) ). In any case, congratulations! Well spotted, LOL.
I'd say that one is more just a clever use of the javadoc compiler than polluting your source code, so I don't think there's any issue with that. Just make sure it doesn't affect any real code!
That would send the text of Ctrl-E to the serial port, probably not what you want. You have to find the byte code that represents Ctrl + E.
Yes this works, as long as this person understands that they will have to store the data from the first form in the database, and pass an argument along the path so that the new page knows what data to present.
Well, this implicitly uses + because arr[i] is (arr + i) ;)
If it doesn't implement IDisposable I don't think it will compile actually.
+1. Although it's not a direct response to the question, in practice I'd probably prefer this solution to the one I proposed. Using LINQ seems like a good general use case for filtering out loop values you don't want to process.
The compiler mentions symbol apache. Can you post line 1678?
Seems to actually work. I tested with a simple CF WinForms app. Manually attaching is not the most appealing thing, but that it works will certainly help :)
This isn't free, is it?
What did you mean by you can't be interrupted as such?  Surely any method is interruptable...?
I bet my C program can beat your ASM code.
'Every object requires contiguous memory. ' Are you seriously implying that it's a common case to have objects like several mb's big? Try to allocate a 8mb big stringbuilder and fit 9mb of data into it, most likely it will fail, while 10mb stringbuilder might allocate just fine in the first place.
I hope the update helps.
The LinkedList<> does not require continuous memory. Correct?
With SELECT  INTO [TABLE NAME] you do know the columns, as they are copied from the original table.  This is exactly what I want if I were to do the same thing against a stored procedure.
No, I'm not using ajax, nor context connection=true in the connection string
Thanks. I have VBSEdit but it doesn't do autocomplete and I'm totally spoiled by Delphi, VB6 and VB.net ;-)
That seems like a lot of work.
Too much, I really want to limit this user to a single table.
I'd image you might have to change up primary keys, unique constraints, etc...
Yes, it's a per-user encryption key.
They store products at our Terminals. This might imply the presence of a contract (user sense of the word). Relationships can be enableddisabled meaning the customer cannot store product there any more. There are also defaults set up for a customer-terminal and applied on transactions between them.
Still nothing. I'll post my code below, maybe you can take a look..
JaredPar : To be fair, the OP berated everyone who asked him to clarify his question, it was fair to mark it as offensive because that was the only way to punish his abusive behavior.
Quick answer is never, unless you know what you're doing.
If you ever find yourself without those, I found MARS to be much supieror to SPIM.  It is a Java .jar file so it works across linuxwindows.  The reason I like it is it has a built in debugger and I can step through my code or codebreak, and see the value of all registers.  Helps a ton in debugging.
+1 for following up with the solution
I have read that article before, however this is not a rewrite at all so it doesn't really help to answer my quesion, sidecar is an excellent analogy from the comments above. I basically want to add admin functionality in a new technology, everything except the database that it.
That looks like it could be good. Is there a similar snippet written in c?
Thanks. When you said What makes a method multithreaded?, you meant these guidelines make it thread safe or multi threaded when executed?
another one, thanks.
Thank You, I haven't been working with objective-C long.  I changed it to atan2f.  Also, thanks for pointing out the repeated calls.
No, you don't get it. Maybe you aren't aware of this C++ feature. Run this one: template<void(func)()> void bla()  func();  void test()  cout << test;  int main()  bla<test>(); 
you saved my day ! very much appreciated !
Sure. Consistent tags are more useful.
Thank you very much for your point.
I'll take null over empty string all day...but maybe that's just me. Do you not like isnull()?
Of course, a gradually changing orbit doesn't necessarily break conservation laws in the real world - for example, the Moon is much further away from the Earth than it was a few billion years ago (due to tidal effects rather than approximate integration).
checking for null takes one line of code...hardly a deal-breaker plus I don't like empty strings or padded strings cluttering up me tables.
What kind of trouble in particular are you thinking about? Do you think this could generate exceptions, or a slowdown? Something else?
From what I hear, it's matured a lot in the last year or so and actually works pretty well now.
The Pragmatic Programmer is key -- it's short, wide-ranging, and hangs everything on an easily-digestible framework.  Really does open your eyes to the professional developer world.
The whole point of the varargs notation is that you DON'T have to pass an explicit array or list.
Empty strings are much easier to cope with for optional values than NULL, which in relational algebra has unintuitive behaviour that you probably don't want for plain data.
Auditd is going to be duplicating what I'm doing to an extent, but in a more expensive way. The program I'm writing offers near realtime notification of possible intrusion. I'm getting the source for auditd to see how it interfaces with the kernel, I should probably be able to re-use that code.
seems like the answer has to be devided by 25 to get it to peek at 5
I meant my questions were stupid -- sorry.  Just wanted to make sure you'd done the basics, since I had nothing of more value to offer...
I don't understand why two IP addresses or even two network cards. this doesn't solve his problem IMHO.
Have you installed Service Pack 1?
Shame really, I much prefer the idea of detecting SVG. Oh well, reality strikes.
and somehow, to me, the possibility of multiple servers seems to prevent me from using caching efficiently, but not from the file approach...
yes, it's up now.  BTW: this interview http:www.northeastern.edumagazine0301programming.html makes me suspect it's the inspired lecturer, not the material - but the replication you mention in Germany counters this.
Interesting, but my question is about tools that you, as a developer, would use to develop the project - that would help you to write code  The examples you mention, of support pages for operationshelp desk and new protocols, are part of the delivered code (and not used to make that code).
Haven't got either font, only Lucida Sans Unicode that remotely looks like unicode font but it doesn't have the ticks.
I realize now though that testing for feature SVG is like testing if a browser supports html. It's so open-ended, it makes sense to test for a specific feature of SVG, like drawing shapes (which is so fundamental) to svg.
Sory I am replying late. But realy it is what i wannted to do. Thanks for ur help.
+1; this is one of the first things I install whenever I get a fresh OS build.
Assuming a method is not thread safe when it is causes no harm, assuming one is thread safe when its not can be nasty. Your better off to assume nothing is thread safe unless indicated.
Sure.  You can make the delimiter whatever you like as default. As far as simple T-SQL way - functions are a built-in part of T-SQL, Table Valued functions have been around since SQL Server 2005 I believe.
Wow... Delphi for PHP... well that just sucks.
Mehrdad, doh. Forgot about that.
I guess it will have to wait for when I refactor my reflection lib to parse the abc tag. I wonder if the type assignment will work if it's declared in multiple application domains.
It gave me this error: System.ArgumentException: Illegal characters in path.
Ya I have added that .a file into framework only but the methods which are in .h still not getting reference. Thank you for your guidance.
But if the attribute is incorrect, it's likely that the documentation (if any) would be just as incorrect.
I've updated my answer to address nested objects.
Hehe, I only noted now that you HAD NonSerialized mentioned  :)
Thanks J.F. Wrote that wuick and dirty, you gave it value :-D
Thanks for the comment.  In this case, the overall data structure is immutable partly because it's going to be used extensively in a multi-threaded situation, so it is important.  Also see: http:blog.markrendle.netpostLazy-initialization-thread-safety-and-my-favourite-operator.aspx
To convert a string to base64:
Maybe I'm missing the point here, but how does that answer the question, how time consuming is setting up a .net login page?  I'm not doing this myself.
Yes, their responsibility is to be an employee. You may find that you'll be adding other methods too, not just properties. There's no reason to be religious about that.
For the record, this is an ASP.NET question, I find C to be a beautiful and elegant language.  I find ASP.NET to be a mess and kind of a hassle.
Sounds like an issue for http:connect.microsoft.com
I call it in PageLoad
I think this would be great as a CW.  Seeing how it has already gained momentum, though, I don't think switching now would be beneficial.  =S  Just wanted to mention.
litb: What cases?
I didn't mark the answer, Stackoverflow did because I put a bounty on the question and it auto selects an answer.  My suspicion is that IIS is in debug mode and so is operating single threads.
Xaisoft, That's odd.  Do you have a live copy of your site which can be examined (or a full HTML example)?
andy point taken - I'll try to be less gnomic.
THANKS!  I will give it a try
Thanks Miles, seems like '!' is good for both url and file name. Maybe I'll go with base32 with '!' as the padding char.
All you really do here is push the problem off, though.  Now you have to worry about how the app server handles that data. Again, either the server has clear access to it or you have to provide a key to the app server.
While that might be a good suggestion, it's not an answer to the question asked. The XML Databinding Wizard isn't a solution to undeclared identifiers or using TXMLParser.
I'd love that.  The only issues I see is indents aren't strictly required as part of the language specification (as opposed to say Python) so it'd look a little weird if for whatever insane reason you'd choose not to index and turn off VS auto-formatter
Joel, why before? It works just as fine if created on PageLoad event.
Regardless of what FXCop tells you, this does not answer the question.
The page you linked does not eliminate the warning.  I still see:
But how? Input data is over 4kB and page output depends on it.
Not personally, but if the form is hosted within your SharePoint webapplication, this should be pretty trivial.
The browser where it is fixed for good is Opera. It does not have this dialog at all, it always resends the data without asking the user, forcing web developers to do their job well in following the Golden Rule :-)
no...the recv() function returns 0...
Not true. You have access to whatever data or privileges that Box A had to Box B. In a secure setup, that would mean you have the highest level of DB access that the app on Box A has. You don't, however, have sa privs on the DB, or root on the OS of Box B.
Or your processOutput() method could check output.available() and only read if it won't block.  If you go that route then you can't use readLine() - you would have to handle end-of-line on your own.
I haven't noticed that generally, but definitely with threading. I think people don't like to hear that it's extremely difficult. But it just is, and most code examples on the web are misleading IMO.
Have you tried swapping types for marshallunmarshall?
They should have a icon that represents what language there written in (C, VB, etc...). I think this is what your talking about.
You wouldn't be able to do 1 billion in one second unless the CPU ran nothing but NEG instructions for one second, which it probably wouldn't due to the fact that other applications would be running, let alone the operating system providing you the CPU resources.
Oo. Thats not a very complicated regex :S. ss is supposed to just replace spaces.
Actually, yes, I'm doing a unit test where I'm trying to bind parameters to an object using SWF2's new built in model binding and validation.
I agree whole-heartedly with Hank!
i agree that could cause an invalid cast exception, but thats not whats going on here. Read the code and the bug report on jira. Its a bug caused by the generics
I have checked that the user only belongs to 'Users' local group. I even tried by creating a new local group and assigning the user to it. But still no luck. Is there something I have overlooked?
+1 for the comment about the ganging up option...that's an interesting solution
yes Your Words boost me, basically i m like to learn new things!,its only because of tutor like you, I welcome ur suggestion
I run the above test a few times, and I got consistent result-- m1 always executes first before m2
Then your choices are restricted. For Windows CE devices there is IBM's J9 CDC VM, but I don't know if it is still supported. SonyEricson had a CDC Java for UIQ phones, but the whole platform is being abandoned. There are also a handful of devices based on Linux. J2ME CLDC phones won't do.
Id struct contains pointer to array and array size (as I've mentioned), changing the array won't be a problem, because array pointer will be passed by value, not array itself
1. Could your solution be used in SQL Server 2005?
why does stackoverflow measure reputation? it's part of the 'game' the users of the site play, which makes projecteuler different from other puzzle sites. The question was sites like pe but with design rather than puzzle questions.
i'm creating a group of spheres so they're suppose to rotate like a bunch of grapes..
The problem is actually much more complicated, I just simplified the matter to demonstrate.
Sure. http:www.linux.it~stekostatictesicontexts9index.html here's an example of the base data (under the Forme heading). I'd like to have something like http:paste.pocoo.orgshow108661 (naive, but gives the idea)
hmm, gcc as a dependency may not be the best idea..
You shouldn't throw an IllegalArgumentException in a method that takes no arguments...
Joe Celko (who devised this) wrote a book called SQL for Smarties which covers this and some other cool ways of storing data - def. recommend that.  Start here http:www.intelligententerprise.com001020celko.jhtml and after that a Google search for 'Joe Celko' should have you sorted. Good luck!
You only need to explicitly convert the first one: s += string(Hello world,) + nice to see you,  + or not.;
the goal is user defined, not developer designer report layouts
good point - I've changed my explanation, I think it's now consistent, and explains your results, but also contradicts the accepted answer.
See Hacker's Delight, Figure 5-2. (Available in Google Book Search.)
Actually, it's RTM
It has nothing to do with Repairing permissions. He's account does not have privileges to chmod the Applications directory. That's the issue.
Usually, probably not. In my case, yes. :) But thanks.
Thanks!  Here's my first try: http:utilitymill.comutilityconvertphototoscan
I've just finished reading, and I think it solves my problem, but I'm not sure. What I would prefer is that my PHP page would somehow contact the google maps servers, a starting point and a whole bunch of end points, and then return to me the distances. Based on that, I can populate a search result
+1 for boost::format
It didn't in my test - but I agree, it's not a good way to do it, hence my However... :)
Chad: Yes, and one was given: a dictionary.
Jon, what's your opinion of using base classes as helpers just so you don't have to repeat yourself? I do this frequently but admittedly have nightmares of someone coming along later and starting downcasting and passing MyBaseClass references around.
how could I have missed that! (smacks self on head). Thx. :D
See shahkalpesh's answer.
No it doesn t. It returns the physical filesystem path and not the URL path.
Do you recommend any tools?  Or Applications.  Besides MediaWiki.
Really? Have you actually tried that? Last time I looked into FUSE on Windows it was not very mature at all. Honestly, I think this is taking the whole TDD thing way too far if we are mocking the filesystem.
I am measuring total elapsed time.
As a historical note, the article you link to refers to an older version of Greasemonkey that would actually insert <script> tags on the page and then execute them.  There are no longer any default scripts with GM; if it happens, it's the user'sGM-dev's fault.
Also, is MyClass() throwing an exception?
mipadi: Good point. Edited my post to fix it.
Tom H. in fact led me down the path to righteousness with his advice that formatting is best left to the client. So I ended up solving this problem by refactoring the client to allow that to happen. It's made the query engine more complex, but not as much as using big db-specific queries would have.
why not just 1 - authorised ?
I tried what you said, It works fine. Initially the button looks like a round button, but the moment the button is clicked, the frame of the button appears(looks like a square button)
Just a question, do you think that'd be better off as an ordered list? I mean, it is a list with an order isn't it?
AIB, I think the size of init depends on debugging, but only after the module is inserted. I might be incorrect, I'm actually trying to look it up now :)
k sir thank u, can u answer my question
With a file, you know when you've reached the end. The wrapped FileInputStream would throw an EOFException, which is propagated by the DataInputStream to your code.
My mistake - 100 bytecode instructions, not 1 python instruction. This doesn't change the fact that it cannot be held for a long time (save for buggy C code). As to popen, it is known to cause lockups not because of GIL, but because of sequential (instead of parallel) readwrite to pipes by parent.
See this question for more info about the new MFC registry storage: http:stackoverflow.comquestions184253converting-registry-access-to-db-calls-from-mfc-feature-pack
That's one definition, there are others.
`print ''.join(map(chr, range(0xb3, 0xda)))` What is the point in decoding to Unicode before printing (when you already done `chcp 437`)?
Greg, unfortunately its the latter .. which is the content is correct, but the prefix is missing.. the test env at the client end is web methods. Ideally should they be dealing with this issue ?
Cool, never seen those guildelines before =)
Not that I'm aware of. But you might want to give the other tools of the Sysinternals suite a try. In fact, it should be possible to monitor threads with perfmon, too: Right-click to select Add Counters and then choose Threads as performance object.
Hi Mitch, I thought in SQL 2005 and above, each batchsatement within a stored procedure had it's own execution plan? This is to aide recompilation so that only a specific step would recompile when necessary rather than the whole procedure?.....
Could you please post what you expect the results to look like?
Auron, n is typically the length of an array, so in most cases you don't want i == n.
Would be even nicer if you could nest the n,s,e,w fields into an internal struct.
You didn't get very far yet, post your project to a file sharing service so we can try it ourselves.
of course, the sharedpointer itself has a copy constructor
He was looking for source download, http:psiphon.casourcedownload.php which doesn't work.
i am really not wrong in selecting jquery for frontend. thanks.:D
what kind of data is cached & where?  How does SQL Server replication break your application and what kind of replication have you tried?
first you gotta change the url from your iis-url to the new port url from vs ... then it works ... otherwise, simply attach to another process!
The log will grow to be pretty big so monitor it often and trim as necessary.
DNS resolution time is something that is outside your control, there is no way to measure that reliably.
Have you tested this?  For some reason I cannot get Distinct() to work with the MatchCollection even though this is the second answer that included it. I'm using .NET3.5 and have System.Linq in my using statements.
NOMERGE had no effect on the results (on the view or the select). However playing with explain plan did lead to some curious results. adding 'order by 1' flipped the plan on its head, but adding 'order by a' did not (yet still gave me the empty set I wanted).
Who wrote this unreadable piece of crap...
No... but it comes from a respected author (and has source available).
Hi Mark,
Again, thank you for the help, seems to be the incorrect reading being taken from the file and thus the wrong values
What would it mean? You can do (at least in Oracle and SQL server) SELECT MAX(x) FROM (SELECT COUNT() x, y FROM t1 GROUP BY y)
The old well trained flock of pigeons argument.
You would setup the Cache on a Application event in Global.asax or a random page class and the Cache class is used to Add an empty object and handle the ItemRemovedCallback.
Is there something about the file that might not be well behaved on DOS, such as it's larger than 2GB or 4GB (I'm honestly not sure if DOS has a problem with that or not)?
Sample code please. 100 elements is not a lot (even for IE). It may be the some logic that can be optimized, not the event binding.
The problem I'm thinking of with just having the Public Event declaration is that any object handling events from my object would require a reference to my object.  I don't see why it should be so tightly coupled?
some static methods do. i have manager.create(newManager) for example.  
True. You could also go the other way and try to label pixels as foreground color based on their distance from the foreground peak in the histogram, and turn everything else to white.
It is quite possible to interact with a form programmatically even if there is no interactive user.
Could you please elaborate on what that test is actually doing?
+1 for some pertinent points. I would add that if your application is domain specific, make sure that your translator has a knowledge of that domain as well. The point about the translation direction is good as well. I'm English, I work in french, but I'm not qualified to translate to French.
A new error,progress :) My knowledge on library usage and linking is fuzzy at best but static linking throws a complication. Now, I think you must explicitly link your program to any libraries that your static library. Use http:www.dependencywalker.com to find them.
This question is a little subjective...
There are a couple other options. :hello world is the most direct, but if the symbol is unknown until runtime, you could store it in a var: foo = hello .concat(world).tosym.
The point about my [index] is that I only want to affect a single member of the multiple objects.
searching for how to do this in ASP.NET 2.0 since SelectedValue cannot set declaratively
John Feminella, I was creating some helper functions, and one synchronously waits for an event.  They are used mainly to reduce code reuse for several WaitFor methods (e.g. WaitForConnected) in my networking classes (which operated asynchronously).
derobert--I believe in SQL Server that I can create several foreign key relationships.  I will just have to make sure that referential integrity is not enforced.  That defeats part of the purpose for using foreign keys, but it seems to work.  Linq2Sql seems to generate okay.
Yes, I have got it to work with an asp:button, but I can't figure out how to get it to work based on a condtion such as if user.expiration < 30 days then show the dialog, else log the user in.
Mark your experience seems to be more in line to mine, I really needed a lot from the ajax side of telerik, but once we started with jqueryjson and ajax through from there, telerik stuff went gradually out of the mix
That would work for any image controls within the `<form>` tags, but not anything outside of it (inline-styles, preloading images outside of the form, etc....).  I would like to get all text from `<html>` to `<html> and check for any img.mysite.com and adjust the source.
AFAIK, it can't.
David Good point :)
Can you try with a larger buffer?
If you can install Cygwin ... seems like overkill
nice concise answer.
If you make these discussion questions wiki, you will be less likely to be downvoted and closed, since you cannot be accused of rep-whoring.
Although I haven't downvoted you or voted for closing on this one, myself :)
I agree with the vacuum. The original tutorials of TDD where you'll write the test without ANY code - and get a compile error - is crazy.
I have just double checked and yes that is the input the pregmatch retrieves. I have copied and pasted that from the browser since I printed out the variable progress.
Well, you don't have to update the service references whenever you make a change - only when you change the contract. I hope you don't do that very often.
Thanks everyone...
I've got 8gigs of ram on this puppy, so I'll definitely give this a shot.
I do think it would be great to have a sort of rosetta stone for common tasks in multiple languages, but that would be a blog post, not a question.
Now that I've realized that I was looking at a different copy of the HTML than BS was, should I edit my question, or just leave my answer down at the bottom?  And what do you mean, nosklo?
when I run the code, all the balls overlap into one row on the bottom. They don't pile up on top of each other like your screenshots. http:i42.tinypic.com2ltfub6.jpg
Cai use this to save a List of objects, like IList<SchedulePeriod> ??
+1 thanks for this - maybe I shoud change this to actually be a list of books and links that discuss the why's - that sounds like it would be more useful
Marking as answer... you were pretty close.  Instead the solution is to call the GetErrorInfo() API directly. http:msdn.microsoft.comen-uslibraryms221032.aspx
Oh, are you asking for code to rotate a polygon?
This is invoked once, during the application's life cycle. The poster asked for something that is accessed once per request.
it's a p4 2GHz and the java version is OpenJDK  (build 1.6.00-b11)
In f2ptr, a changes for f2ptr's scope.  In other words, obj is not modified when f2ptr is called (assuming the original value of a (obj) isn't used in f2ptr).
It used to be personal home pay, now it's the PHP hypertext preprocessor, and has been since 1997. http:en.wikipedia.orgwikiPhp
http:stackoverflow.comquestions51224regular-expression-to-match-valid-dates
What about when the user has JavaScript disabled?
I see, if I need a specific city, I just have to traverse the list until I find it. If I need to find the shortest route between two points, I use BFS, right?
That is totally awesome! +1
And in Perl 5.8 and 5.10 d matches all UNICODE characters that are digits, so U+1815 (MONGOLIAN DIGIT 5) will match.
You'll quickly have an explosion of properties like ShowViewModel. Then you will have cases where you can't have the same ViewModel instance in more than one spot because there is a difference expected behavior for different scenerios. A converter is maintainable and testing is just as easy.
but where would I find the version number in frameworks?
Both are at least one abstraction level lower. Not what I would call Threading Frameworks.
wow, that's very cool! I'm about to check out the SVN and will probably contact you via SF.net
what does the generated html for the GridView look like?
You see that [10] in the function parameter? That's where the size is compimg from. The reference has nothing to do with it.
that's a strategy do u have tutorials about this method?
in wiki's this sort of thing gets Barnstars. I don't think we need them :) I learnt something from my edits...
Now I count the instances of the  character and parse the message. It's not a problem but I would be glad to hear any suggestion which could simplify parsing.
dribeas: That might be; I'm not arguing that the MATLAB way is better or worse, just saying how it is.
Indeed. This should be interesting!
I believe Ingres provided (provides) NOT NULL as default; you had (have) to specify NULLS ALLOWED for a column to accept nulls.
using onload() worked, but as you suspected, I'm running into xss issues now.  I guess I'll have to use some kind of server side solutions.
Thanks for guessing. Now the question is answered and has less of a chance of being seen by someone who knows the answer.  Please delete this.
we can't really be sure if the rounded corners are not playing badly in IE-7 or not
Science AND Programming? surely there is no corelation there! LOL
haha               :)
Change the last line to :
The reason I said that is I like having only one place to make backups from and I will always have access to the server. If those are ill thought reasons then I'll happily consider others!
Yeah, figured that was it. Poor documentation indeed.
Ok, I'll update the question with more info.  Thanks.
try to build a form in Small Basic.  Oops cant do it can you...
Good that you mention C99 VLAs.  However, your answer should emphasize that even in C99, fixed size arrays have their size computed at compile time -- it is only VLAs that have their size computed at runtime.  And maybe, as a consequence, you can't always use 'sizeof(array)' as a constant in C99.
It was valid when I posted it. I suppose they must have let the domain lapse.
Answer : XmlNode root = doc.DocumentElement;
Have you used it yourself? I would like to hear any feedback 
Serialization way to clone is fine, but I had some fields that are not under my control and that are not serializable...
Yeah, I did that originally (as I'm used to C), but there was too much overhead, as the size of the array is very large.
I read one third of [Linq in Action][1] and it's a great book.
I believe protected already raises this warning.
I validated translated.wiki.xml w XMLStarlet, and it's consistent.
In my experience the P&P library is extremely bloaty.
Couldn't resist adding a template parameter so that the undomember can be applied to the string field as well as the int. Feel free to roll back if unsolicited edits annoy you! :)
Right, but if you can get the job done quickly you can make a bit more profit too. I think we and our customers both prefer this as it makes the cost predictable and we get the opportunity to make more money. Just don't try it if you don't have faith in the developers that are on the project.
so how pronto website do this? Pronto Bookmarklet http:www.pronto.comusergetBookmarklet.do Pronto Bookmarklet Video Demonstration http:www.vimeo.com1626505
The way it's put right now it's a Singleton, not a Factory.
I don't see how that would solve the problem described.
litb: Possible. I get the benefit of the doubt ;-)
Yep, just seen it, been going through the Seq methods right now (first hit was fold, but reduce is exactly what I'm looking for)
Casper - thanks. Ill send the entire DLL file now.
And what does that do to your user's code? If you want to convince me, edit your code to show me how you expect it to be used.
OKay the question was if gettersetters can be used ? 
PDF is a very very very complex standard. Writing your own converter is almost certainly not an option.
If you have any other questions, please ask them here to let all the community benefit from its answers.
Delphi was the language that anders designed before C. C, not suprisingly, takes a lot of the lessons learned from Delphi and improves on them.
Hmm, the result from read(...) doesn't seem to correlate at all with the actual number of valid int elements read. It also seems to change each time I read (i.e sometimes its ~65593 and others its ~49923). Regardless, I will read in chunks as I have done previously.
Thanks, that worked.  Though it's surprising to me that you can apply >= like that to a bound function -- especially since it's not even the lambda bind! :)
The best lines of code are the ones you don't need to write
ok, can see it now, thanks!
If they're going to do that, why not just use plain Git and cut SVN out?
Why can't you use a relative URL?
(contd). Now, I'm not quite sure what you mean about passing enum.Current (the code above necessarily passes both enum1.Current and enum2.Current). I've edited the post to clarify how you might use the CompareSequences function.
thanks. What if not using a nullable type, then my assumption holds true?
I think that car's only called a bug in the USA....
lol - Excellent idea!
Thanks, this was the answer I was looking for
thanks, but I have to disagree with your point about as with all IE problems theres a workaround.... :p
Yes, custom components are typically coded in pure AS3 to avoid performance issues.
Sam152: Shhh! ;-]
Split your questions.
+1 for the excellent link.  Thanks :)
And what to do if You using for example several plugins for jQuery?
Could you explain what is the code of jsp files?
visual studio 2008, with c
I understand your point (more here: http:blogs.msdn.comkcwalinaarchive20050316396787.aspx), but unless you develop a mechanism to perform actions and report, another layer decoupling the caller and the performer, chosing between exceptions and error codes is merely a matter of taste, imho.
PNG also supports things like alpha transparency and is capable of true-colour, whereas GIF is (I believe?) still limited to 256 colours.
Thanks for the link. :-) Seems the timing of the question was great indeed. :-) So in short, generate a Stream and use WaveMediaStreamSource  to play the stream?
hey thanks it is very useful as got the difference between order and keys of an array
You were first, thanks! :)
No, each image will only be requested once per page.
I am afraid you are stuck between a rock and a hard place.. You cannot really layout controls on other places if your controls are injected through the tabitem... You could try to use Margins, but that is going to be one ugly solution... Or perhaps you can use Canvas, which has no layout properties
Apparently only to be used in CruiseControl.NET
How does remove know to compare two CMyClass objects?
If you look at Customers in northwind, they use chars for the PKs. Would it be better to have a int as PK and an extra column for the chars?
This works, thanks!
It also helps when you have a 10+ person team of developers, all with SQL installed locally, Vista IIS7 vs XP's IIS6 configs, etc.  The team just has to be trained that when a config is changed, make sure is propogated throughout all other config files
Same error? It's hard to give additional advice based on the info you gave. Try right clicking on the solution, select properties, and select project dependencies. It's also helpful to try building projects individually to see where it breaks.
+.5 for sys, -.5 for saying sysdate is a variable
Salts don't protect against dictionary attacks, only against rainbow-tables. But he's right that it makes such an attack much slower.
now i read your answer... +1 for the Filemon reference, I think that will point out the problem.
dmckee - what do you mean by export?
Yeah, no problem. Although I could be wrong, you're not going to get anything significantly simpler than this. If you decide to use jagged arrays instead, then I could suggest a LINQextension method solution of course.
Isn't (=)()()() a very complicated way of saying [=] in the first place? Or am I missing something fundamental here? The character class expression should be a lot faster.
try a typecast: TextInput(getChildByName('field'+i))
Zhaph - Ben Duguid-since the problem is only occurring ocasionally, it can't be a path problem.  But the fiddler idea is a good idea to issolate if the problem is the webserver of IE.  +1
Are you trying to detect dragging anywhere (in other apps as well), or dragging in your app only?
Igor: Depends on your interpretation of 2. up to the char. found (see 1). to me, means what was returned by IndexOf.  For your interpretation, your method is valid.
You should provide information about the parameters to test() in the header file, i.e. void test(); -> void test(void);
yeah, and be sure to use brackets with functions!
shouldn't NOT EXISTS just be EXISTS
There are several examples I gave that were there for instructional purposes, not because you should do things that way. Using find in backquotes is almost never something you want to do. I hope you weren't taking all of my commands literally; awk ... is a shorthand, not a literal command to run.
If you don't have any luck finding a hub: some switches can be configured to mirror data from port X to port Y -- so that what's plugged into port Y can see all traffic on port X. If your needs are fairly simple this should work for you.
Not really, performance is just one part of the question. I'd like to hear maybe some other ideas for the scenario I outlined: tracking anonymous user activity.
I've never seen that error in my code, maybe it was a big thing in the 80s
I think I will ask a related question
Ilya Birman: I'm not sure what you mean.
+1 for completeness (discussion of anon methods and iterator blocks. Static classes and thread safety is the easiest concept to grasp, personally. :)
I agree that having it non-symmetrical is a bad idea. However, in Ruby, there is no way to do that: == is a method that is always sent to the receiver. You could implement double-dispatch by hand (similar to the Visitor Pattern), and, indeed the numerical classes do that, but you can't enforce it.
Did you really want a dot after the last 1? If so, it slightly changes the problem.
I agree with what you are saying. However, dont you think it would be nice if the MaxA() function is part of your container class? I mean..the MaxA is expected to work with vector<Item> container afterall.
I'm with you, Nick. +1
Nevermind, it's already been done!  http:stackoverflow.comquestions345883why-doesnt-vs-2008-display-extension-methods-in-intellisense-for-string-class
Do no omit the attribute entirely. Leave it as alt= or else some screen readers will read it as graphic <filename>
I didn't know git describe. This little number between the tag name and the sha1 is just what I was looking for. Thank you.
Ah - I was more worried about the C end - would it handle hundreds of database connections well? I suppose I assumed that making that many DB connections was just bad mojo :
You may wish to link to the images in question that you are using in case its a format related issue
See my edit, above.
Oh well, could you point me to the proper direction pls?
Google has yet to master the art of recognizing good writing. It's good at spotting popular writing but that's not what I'm looking for. For example given compiler design Google puts the dragon book (its Wikipedia article actually) 5th. On less common topics that gets even worse.
What kind of data it is? Does it fetch data from outside?
Okay, very weird. It works if you assign something to x within the function (it puts it back into the array and it is set outside of the function), but it doesn't work the other way around...hmmm.
When I run mycd, I get: -bash: print: command not found. When I use mycd folder, it does not add anything to tmpmycd.txt. Do I have some settings wrong?
Splendid, that's a fantastic example, including source code! Wow! :-)
Thanks for the response.  We have been a sustaining member of the ODA for many years, and were part of the IntelliCAD group until they upped their prices from 5000 pa to 25,000 pa.  We already do DWG, but have had requests to be internal to the CAD system itself.
This object will be used in webservices, I'm not sure how it would behave with added dependencies. anyway like i said above i was looking for a custom solution. (yes i know reinventing the wheel) =D
I don't care about python 3.0 compatibility. Python 3.0 is still not commonly used, and writing 23 quines is difficult and ultimately futile. The most pythonic way to define this in 2.x is as I wrote above. Python 3.0 is backwards incompatible, and what's best in 2.x may not work. Too bad.
I am running the app from dev environment. I want to run the debug version.
There are other uses of forward declarations, as for example, declaring the signature of a function that takes that type as a parameter. It is just that enums cannot be forward declared: 'class X; X f( X, X&, X );' compiles fine.
Yes, the format is the same as in CodeGolf
you missed the very first example I gave: 0x40E33480 = 09072007
Well, there hasn't happened much between 6 and 2008. We're still waiting for 64-bit support
I can read all parameters except broken one. I can only read broken parameter via ServletInputStream. When I use input stream, all other parameters disappear. If I parse all parameters from input stream, sometimes servlets later in the chain break.
Where do you run the hosting code?
Even a name would cause a problem if not done as a parameter, eg O'Tool, O'Rourke.
Jon: See Listing 6 of the IBM link. It shows what byte code is generated and there you can see that someObject is assigned first and then the constructor runs.
When running what? Can you provide the code you're running? And the stack trace?
John: String interning only happens automatically for literals. That's not the case here. DanielSwe: Interning isn't required for making strings immutable. The fact that it's possible is a nice corollary of immutability, but normal interning isn't happening here anyway.
Lieven - Thank you. :)
We can suppose, but it was not in the question. That's an interview question, remember? Either you state an answer and defend it or ask questions to clarify.
following-up on Jeff's edit, I added your clarification to the question and nominated it for reopening
Hmm, just cleared all of my cache and cleaned the build and tried again and it seems to be working now.  Weird.  Thanks for the response and the test information!
and it is handling any memory allocation and deallocation it needs to grow and shrink the vector . . . happens in both cases.
yeah, profile it first, so you don't waste time fixing what's not broken.
Binary Worrier... bk1e is correct. I'm with him on this one. Read up on K&R.
all the sites are on different hosts..
Yeah, absolutely true.  Like I said, this is not really workable unless you spend a lot of time devising a really sophisticated forumla to handle all possibilities.  Much better off just getting the value and hard-coding it.
I only seehear it rarely in my area and it tends to be more closely related to rural dialects. I can't assume where the OP gets it from.
I agree. If you need the functionality of an array and have dynamic length, an ArrayList is the most simple and obvious answer.
most certs - and this from a guy that's about to take a Zend-CE (I got a freebie exam). Maybe it's just because I consider most of them to be easy.
Step 3 would be a[] = 0, 6, 7, 8, 1, 2, 3, 9, 10, 4
Glad you got the answer you needed from Binoj Antony. I felt like I was being annoyingly preachy when writing my answer . . . I had started writing 'I can't imagine a case where' and then thought of the legacy code I work on ;-)
Kirk, I am stunned. The idea you suggested works great, but at first I saw this as a major vulnerability as the validity of the audit trail is now void. At second thought I realized that hostile code will have to have gained access to the core of the system anyway in order to use this exploit.
What processes are out there is not a good question.  What processes individual posters' companies use is a reasonable question, particularly as community wiki.
It will vary with the project you are working on. Test with a few different projects.
Given that any program needing the XML is a program I control, can't they always modify any URL pasted in? (I'm being a bit of a devils advocate - I do like the sound of this scheme).
Thanks, very helpful.  Is there a way to include a specific commit or range of commits?
sorry to hear that.
Exact duplicate of this question: http:stackoverflow.comquestions421945possible-to-degrade-from-ie7-to-ie6-for-debuggin-purposes (from which most of the answers seem to be copied as well).
The indexing effect would be the same, but what about when you want a second index?
Great thanks for the awesome tip! I was going to choose sth because it targets the question. However, I can sense the usefulness of your commands later on, so I must choose find and xargs way. It just rocks. Thanks :)
And you can also code defensively to make sure you dont go boom. But still - I'd prefer a real API. ;-)
tim useful to me :)
How about my other points about multi-core and multi-processor, do you think my points are correct? Anything wrong?
Thanks for adding the link to the SO question on implicit and explicit implementation !
Hmm, that's a real prob, I've also checked my MSDN, doesn't have Win98
If that text is correct re downgrading, it appears you only need one copy of Win98SE and you can install it on as many boxes as you have Vista licenses (provided you don't use the licenses elsewhere).
No. Because what you're asking for has nothing to do with a Repository. You're logic is based around how to show things based on certain criteria, and that's a presentation-level concern. Repositories should act like facades - they should appear as a collection.
jBcrypt is actually not a wrapper. It's a native implementation. I'm using it now, I incorporated the source code into the project.
On second look, those comments might not be what I thought they were, they could just be how he breaks it up.
 jrandomhacker: I had mentioned union find as well if you will note my answer. I had only converted an ill-defined problem to a known one.
A batch sleep function: ping -w 1000 -n 1 1.2.3.4 > nul :D
I should have been clearer in my comments - the counters need to be safe within a distributed (ie 23 node) database which is an instance of a sub-partition of a large partioned database - so I intend to avoid the problems you pointed out that way.
Thanks Jakob, anyway to check whether a file is already opened by other threadprocess?
Nice.  How did you find that rdoc?
I'm not sure I understand the exercise you've posed. Are you saying that you want to use LINQ to project a denormalised relation into two normalised relations, which is more or less the opposite operation to a join?
You are wrong, as else part is executed only when for completes without a break.
You've probably seen this 'solution' too then:  http:social.msdn.microsoft.comForumsen-USwinformsthread55c91e04-0cbd-4189-84be-cb1258447ae5
Yes, the prune was a bit of a hack. See if my edited answer is what you are looking for.
TheTXI: Perhaps he's modifying the data, so on the next run the values are different. According to the question this answer is a valid one.
Adam Jaskiewicz: Thank you kindly; I have added your link to the question.
Thanks Kent.  Definitely got me on the right track.  I've got my solution working, just need to figure out if it's the best way.
I've run into a problem where it's useful.  If your string is on the order of megs in size (it can happen), running pregreplace or strreplace will risk hitting your php.ini's memorylimit. The pcrereplace code in php always mallocs 2x your string size before doing anything, so it can be an issue.
oh you hacker you!
The No is correct, but the rest is wrong. You can put any license you want on your own code. However, if you want to distrubte the result to someone else, it has to be a GPL-compatabile license.
Correctamundo. +1
That was perfect.. :)
Actually,none of the answers(except yours) worked,I just tried them.
I use Netbeans - but for me it's slow. 
This will not work as it needs to be a post, not a get submit.
My rep is a DAO (Data Access Object)...
Deleted by operationfile system itself after some period of time
Go here, http:lipsum.com and put 255 bytes into the field, the text shown is that length.
Aw, this is a way better answer than mine.  I'm all jealous and huffy now.
+1 Good answer.  Beat me to it :)  Note:  the jQuery script will have to be loaded before this code executes (obviously)
But i can't make DataRow implement my interface
ditto, although I'd start with slf4j...
Jeremy: Good point.
You can only get this when calling a subfunction whose parameter(s) are passed by reference. What are the definitions of SelectedBank, FirstDACtoMeasure, DrawTestWindow() and MeasureLux()?
sorry flash media player is a bit confusing, did you mean flash player or is it actually video player coded in flash named flash media player - if yes can you specify a link to its home page ?
It's important to know what languageframeworkplatformruntime your application is built with.
Are you trying to work out the best way to get files from your users?
But then you have two separately-managed chunks of memory. The OP is allocating the whole structure, array and all, in a single contiguous chunk.
I don't think that will work...that's for a different purpose.
Adam this is a fair comment.  I have updated my original post with a little more detailed requirement.
This is what I use for Lazy initialization of Singleton classes. Also no synchronization required as this is guaranteed by java implicitly.
OpenID is a bad idea for this - there are providers that permit infinite accounts without signup (you just pick something - provider.comanything-will-work).
Are there any good tutorials on how to use Castor to do this? It looks very promising... but Java is, to say the least, not my strongest language. I'm not sure what Castor filespackages I need to download and how to actually do the code generation... any step-by-step newbie examples around?
Restarting the DNS Client service after changing the values?
I tried it in FF3 too, and it said CSS1
Thanks for clarification Bobby, funny is I am going to add an answer now that delegates to question :)
Hi Seb,  
If you don't define a transaction you'll get an implicit on, but if you define the TransactionScope yourself you have control over the transaction and SubmitChanges will not commit it for you.
Just did that, thanks
the format function only works with vba :-(
Thank's alot, that helps.
derobert: You never saw an SQL identifier spelled with an international character?
Thanks very much for the reply. I have been working on this since posting and have implemented the same actions to what you have suggested.  Appreciate you answering it is a long post.
Thanks.  I feel so ashamed.
That looks interesting - will consider that, thanks!
Great!
ted: interesting. I always try to maintains all my msysGit at the same version, and did not experienced that.
Well, the one that you'll use every day will be 'a = a'.  This returns the assigned to object (for all well behaving classes that is! :)).  Another example is: os <<Hello World << std::endl.  Each of them returns the os object.
nothing wrong with that but I found this: ((httpftphttps):[w-]+(.[w-]+)+([w-.,?^=&amp;:~+][w-?^=&amp;~+])?) which doesn't return true for ftp:testexample.com
Just a neat thing to know, if you use this upon some IE objects it can sometimes execute the method if one exists.
In VSS defense, the heavier locking model means merging is relatively rare.
Learning: What happens if you take out the money 30 seconds before someone charges your card? Until all communication is turly instaneous, overdrafts will be a fact of life.
Yeah, show your results a little more clearly.. i.e. ColumnName and Value.
How is it better than using the refactor method? It gets the references in code and in dfm all at once...
Probably, process scheduling. I'm not much into kernel, i can't really say what is the reason.
I'm confused by your second bullet. IMHO, you should always include the headers your class relies on in the .h file for your class.  If every class follows this practice, you should be able to rely on them to include whatever they need.  You're advocating including all of their dependencies as well?
Without me starting my profiler, could you explain why? Seems the two loops would cost less than the count?
what datatype is the table column ?
It also means that when you co-worker goes on vacation for a week without checking in some files, you can't get at them.
Date.parse() does not work with ISO formats. It will return null.
okay, there's an extremely rare exception to that rule, but it does not apply here.
Perfect use for WeakHashMap.
 Magnus: Have you ever thrown or caught a std::exception or derivative thereof? Then you've likely dragged along std::string, which is std::basicstring<char> - a template class.
With setjmp you lose stack unwinding. This is pretty much a deal breaker with C++.
I never did figure out what the problem was on this -- reverted to previous source code, and went from there.
+1 to release mode.  STL in debug mode in MSVC is VERY slow (but well checked).
Samuel, I wouldn't. Both functions do the same thing, so you really don't mind being unable to easily call this version on a List. This way, you can simply use ForEach on any IEnumerable`1 - a List or not.
David: TortoiseSVN has been working on my Vista boxes for the past 2 years without any hassles.
I think extract() would make a compelling option. It's just a matter of storing view variables in an internal associative array and adding a config parameter.
Simucal is the question about how to get a patch in tortoise? or something else?
If it's just a framework, I'd be check two things: a) the compiler options to save them inside the bundle b) using the correct path while loading them. As for the iphone -- no, I don't have much idea.
marcs - you can set up scheduled tasks to run when no-one's logged into the machine.
It should be noted that in Delphi 2009, the compiler adds M+ to any class with a published section automatically, so this problem no longer exists.
RBerteig, guarding against it in the Enter() function is at best a waste of resources -- which line of code do you think is a waste? I think every line of code is necessary. :-)
I did it with RemotePost. It s a custom written class, however you can write it byyoursell. Just search it on Google RemotePost.
Please See my comments above. I am not clear why it would be the best way. Small postbacks on a data input module does not create much noticeable delay from user perspective but adds a high maintenance layer to the app..
What is being displayed in the WB?  Anything like an Office document or a .pdf?
I wish I could mark this as an answer too, good point.
Jon Skeet,Thanks! Could you check your library if it allows you to do this job).Also an example of how it works will be highly appreciated.
I believe you understood me properly.  I'm basically meaning the idea in CC++ that each source file is its own individual compilation unit.  This doesn't as much seem to be the case in C or Java.
Yes, those two choices aren't the greatest under your particular environment.  However, the Wikipedia article has links to many standalone application (none of which I can speak for).  One such is SmartSVN which has a portable version.
HEAD is the most recent commit on the current branch, and HEAD^ is the commit before that on the current branch.  For the situation you describe, you could use git checkout HEAD -- filename.
valgrind is wonderful!
csh = c shell, one of the shell scripting languages typically found on  linux, unix, bsd, etc.
when I click on Start -> Programs -> SQL Server 2005 -> Configuration Tools -> Reporting Services Configuration, does that not mean that SSRS is already installed?
Hi Jon, what is the differences between define foos as [,,] or [][][]? I think they are the same! :-)
Thanks for your suggestions.
Also, if you really want to be enterprise friendly, you can purposefully read settings from the Policies section of the registry and even provide an ADM andor ADMX template to go along with your application.
It's unlikely that it does not use a server-side database. They would log your viewing habits already for other purposes (advertising for example). All that's needed is to add the timestamp to that log.
Thanks for the detailed response. I've a positive experience in the past with NHibernate, the .net version of Java's Hibernate.
Bill: but you haven't neither given the time to reply... and I only partially see the duplicate... anyway, the QA website is yours...
Thanks, for the reply I also think he was trying to convey that, but he claimed that the better programmers he knew still made some diagrams..
This is not related to the cross-domain policy file.
It's not much of an IRC bot at all, all it does is use sockets, join a room, and fire off the send message function when it sees x happening.  In other words, I don't need all of the Supybot functionality.
Anything else slow? Or just the tests?
This is a good way to go about debugging your problem.
Glad I chose Drupal+Ubercart over Magento for my last project then
No, this snippet lists all three results in the CSV but the other one only does one.
If you're doing heavy XML development, it's worth every penny.
Well, for if you consider just source control, probably not much. But TFS provides an integrated solution for managing software projects in Microsoft platform. In my opinion, the experience provided by TFS is unmatched.
What does this have to do with template engines other than he doesn't use one?
Why you have deleted your comment on my answer?
No, unless you're doing something really crazy, you don't need the executable bit set for PHP pages. The executable bit allows binary files to be executed and PHP source code is not executable binary.
Yeah -I got the soundno video thing already. Awesome! How do you guard against multiple notifications? Will it crash if you handle multiple?
Tom, I'm the one who added the html tag...
Ah hah, thanks!
Thanks Andy, that helps a great deal.
Some more information concerning DateTime datatypes and SQL Server queries can be found here: http:www.databasejournal.comfeaturesmssqlarticle.php2209321Working-with-SQL-Server-DateTime-Variables-Part-Three---Searching-for-Particular-Date-Values-and-Ranges.htm
That won't help, that discards all items if one don't have votes. Its expected that some items never will get votes.
There is no rule as such, but certainly if you want to view the file in Internet Explorer or the like, you need to have characters that can be printed. Remember that there are certain characters like the angle brackets('<' and '>') that have special meaning in an XML file.
Ah okay.  But is there any way other than relying on the DBMS's timeout to clean up?
Why not post your code?
Is there a certain order you must put the characters in when writing a regular expression?
here is the URL http:www.numpy.org
But I can't install SVN or CVS because it is a shared hosting
Which Delphi version are you using?
Then read up on normalization...
that kind of comments make me want take that upvote back.
very likely because the machine is 32bits ...
String isn't a value type. It's a reference type. You don't get a copy of the object, you get a copy of the reference.
Hi this is not a home work......for your understanding i have given simple example.
I think he is asking for simplicity, anybody can save each request or visit or hit in a database, but he does not want to poll database on every request, ... for getting thread-safe you can call Monitor.Lock, or something like that
Hi Stuart,
No good... I tried that; same error.
Can you provide a code sample?
The classes come first only in the gross abstract.
Thanks for your comments, I'm checking the links already =)
besides linking, LGPL requires that if you ship a modified library, you have to provide the sources to the modification.  still not an issue, since your application can still be as closed as you wish.
No, my program calls MSI functions that end up opening a progress window (which gets focus). The last MSI function call closes the window, and my app then opens its main window (which doesn't get focus). It's all happening in the same process.
I don't think you will get very far with only DFT's, but this is the only answer I'd consider as even remotely correct this far. Separating that many instruments is no doubt a really hard signal processing task. You might have some luck picking out different frequencies, but that's it.
Jet databases are liable to corruption only when incompetently designed or distributed, or in dangerously unstable networking environments.
Almost there. The issue I'm having is that ProductFamilies and ProductSeriesSet (XXX) have no common base class so I don't have a type to replace XXX with. What I tried doing was adding a ProductCollection interface that they both implement. Continued in next comment...
That's much simpler to implement, +1
nosklo: you've tested this?  I can't test it; I don't have 2.6 installed on Windows.
This is right.   rsync -a ~.?? pathtobackup
Thanks for a  very informative article.
thanks for the comments, I'm trying to make them work seems i'm very close. I'll post more detailed code if i continue to have trouble. THnaks
I'm not sure I follow.  This doesn't appear to be browser specific
Do you have a link?
Oh, I see what you mean. In that case, you're stuck casting. You're trying to mix polymorphism (literally, many-forms-ism) with something that only works with a single form, and they don't fit together with out you doing a bit of work manually.
He's asking for a solution in Python, not in Javascript.
would using UTF-8 and storing my chars as a single byte be ok?  I am thinking yes, even if that last bit was a sign bit for a byte.
Brian Campbell Yes, that's true, but it still does raise the ERR signal inside of functions. I know that's not how you presented it, so I should have qualified my comment.
Amit, see my answer.  Because ToString is defined on System.Object you can try to use `obj` as an IEnumerable.
I forgot to mention that one.  Yes, I do have this, but they have different namespaces at the top of the ascx file.  For example they might be: HomeAboutUsControlsheader and HomePortfolioControlsheader.  I think if they were the same the error would happen every single time.
str.format() is new in version 2.6: http:docs.python.orglibrarystdtypes.html
Then I guess a new repository would be the best option. After all, it's a completely new project.
Any comments on its usability in outlook?
Why not use splitting of directories... I can find all the files in index by lookin single file .... so it is retrieval is o(n)... Time taken by OS filesystem to retrieve one file... I have to inotify to see any changes are made to the files in file system....
It doesn't come instead, it supplements the website actually. And isn't this what almost every AIR app does?
You were right. The bit that was setting the text of the cell was inside the caching loop.
In some cases you do not want to bypass the factory. For instance when you are creating a new object via databinding. ... The factory is  probably the way go.
Chris, your're right. Thanks for the comment.
Fellow countryman :) The cach wasn't the problem. I will try point 2 now.
It's harder to read and understand this, than rbobby's-variant, with the brace on a new line.
According to your answer, I can write function subtract(int a, int b) return a-b; , put it into library and use it in my code. '--' is subtraction: somevalue - 1. Hm, maybe it will be simpler using -= operator? :)
I use an ImageButton for the Submit, and I have not stated any validation group.
The lifetime problems you get with references are quite different from the ones you get with temporaries. A reference can become invalid without warning. With a temporary, you know when it goes out of scope -- if you read the standard really closely! ;-)
Sorry forgot to mention that I was already doing that.
it doesnt say... heres the code i have put in the SelectedIndexChangedMethod... 
This may be my answer.  I will try it, thank you.
I didn't see XML parser which can only read or only write. That's was my point.
There is no WHERE stored in any of my strings in my example. Obviously, after strWhere = Mid(strWhere, 6), you'd check if Len(strWhere)>0 and only then concatenate with WHERE .
I agree that application is bad idea. I will consult our code now and will give you more information. Possible it's not needed to make new auth module. Custom membership and role providers would be enough.
mquander: Your suggestion made it a bit faster.  Thanks.
Thanks for your answer James. All the packages are deployed to the same directory, and I'm not using any configuration file. Also, all the paths are local to the server.
Is the 2 in the first result set row because it's one month less than the next change (2008-03) or because it's the last date of the same value (2008-02)? There is a subtle difference there in case you have missing months in the data.
Beat me by 32 seconds.
Wow, that's  ugly. Hmm, I'll look over my code and see if I made a mistake.
What is the argument for making non-member operators friends of both classes?  Is this just a convenience because you don't have to write getter methods, or is there some stylistic argument?
The HttpContext.Current value is always null whenever the requests start from my timers.  Otherwise, yeah, I'd just use that!
Thanks- does the online one allow for css or just js?
The FeatureID isn't of my own feature, I will check on the production server tomorrow.
Alan - alright assume Class F (1 billion per second) that's still 26 years worst case. If my data is that important that I'm afraid it's going to be hacked by then, I'll probably change my password. The brute force speed is only a trivial aspect of the overall issue here
+1 to the point emphasizing the absence of a central authority.
Yes, specifically the time the to run the function 100,000 times.  If you want to see an impressive difference, change s to be (foo)(foo)(foo)(foo)(foo)(bar) and n to 10000.  The sexeger is an order of magnitude faster.
nope! where can I find the mailing list?
map and set are already ordered by definition.
Make sure you do this with the exact same JVM that you used to originally compile the code!
Please be aware that while C++ guarantees that elements of an array are laid out contiguously, it only guarantees that the address of an element of a POD struct is greater than the address of all earlier-declared elements. This means it's possible (though unlikely) that v[1] and y don't correspond.
Mmm. Reading the documentation, the only difference between html() and text() is that text() escapes HTML. That obviously doesn't matter here. Is there some best practice as to when to use one or the other? I feel like html() is probably for divs mostly, but this is just a hunch.
I guess ankh is the best for me. I can do almost everything from right within visual studio. 
To me, that's OK. I believe our best bet is to make the top 10 of developers as effective as they possibly can be.
I can not find an option to show hidden files in Notepad++ .. weird ... seems like there should be one
not sure... i can see it  with other ftp programs like Filezilla, I was just hoping to be able to edit it live with Notepad but I guess that is not such a great idea..
I believe this was a hoax : http:en.wikipedia.orgwikiPigeonRank2002:PigeonRank
From the orginal link (at the bottom): Note: This page was posted for April Fool's Day - 2002.  I should have placed, Note: This page was posted for April Fool's Day - 2009 and waited 2 hours (PDT).
ToList() isn't even necessary since arrays already implement IList<T>. ;)
The link's broken.
I tested it on debian (over ssh using putty), and there it works. I couldn't find any special setting in the config files that explicitly enables this. My guess would be it depends on the terminal if Shift-Tab is sent correctly to the application...
Please post the relevant piece of code.
well, it's just a list of alphabets... like this: ['A', 'B', 'C', 'D', 'E', 'F', 'G', 'H', 'I', 'K', 'L', 'M', 'N', 'O', 'P', 'Q', 'R', 'S', 'T', 'U', 'V', 'W', 'X', 'Y', 'Z'] and missing one would be J here.
Hey Abe, it worked PreviewKeyDown event.
I have added some pseudo-code to make the issuer cleaner...
4 separate files instead of a reboot. The ReadLine method is faster for the first 2 tries, then the time of using the char[] method decreases a lot
That's an excellent idea Jeff. Thanks!
Paul - he's asking about mysql, I believe you are correct about Oracle
The assignment is to develop a replacement for inpout32.dll ?  That's a nasty little problem - What's the course ? Oh, and google windows inpout32.dll for LOTS of hints to accomplish that task.
Adrian: I agree with you. But for the most common programming needs VS will work just fine and there is no need the have another program openned
Thanks for all the help, none of it worked for me though, ai ai.
This would not work with the leading and trailing values
I'm afraid you'd better have a look at the suggested Ruby On Rails tutorials before...
strager - yep, that's it.
Also I can't put the data into a jagged array in the first place as the 3rd party lib that gets the data into .NET only offers an options of putting the data into a MD array.
Thanks! One more question...
That's OK.  My bad.
+1: for dict approach
i'm sorry for the confusion. updated my answer.
Creating a temporary table will not result in reordering. It will be faster, as it will not need to update existing indexes. 400 Gb may or may not be enough, depending on your table structure and data sparseness
3.1.0 release was just cut, but it'll take us a few hours to get doco updated.
Assert in Debug will force you to make checks before calling this PrintAge
Not that I can think of at the moment. I did notice that after I replied, but yeah. Still, itertools is nice. It should always be the first place to look.
Yeah, I'm convinced that traditional Bourne shell programming is fundamentally flawed for many situations regardless of one's best efforts.  Enter Bash and GNU coreutils to save the day.
mike: I'd be willing to show you my own tests of CLR code vs T-SQL code when parsing strings.  I've seen anywhere from a 30-200 increase in speed when processing strings under 10000 characters, with all methods topping out at 100000 chars or so.
user.friends would be Sally and Bob.
Hahaha... good April's fool! Well done. Well... Hmmm... Ok, joke's over, now. GIVE ME BACK ME PRRRRESSSIOUSSS points!!!... ... Darn, no joke, then. Oh well, I guess I will live without those ;)
Not for stability.  It's pointless to test an early beta for stability.  It's also pointless to test Windows 7 for performance or stability, for that matter.
Another useful reason to use String(String) could be to force substrings of a large base String to be trimmed down so that the base String's memory can be reclaimed (since substring() usually keeps a reference to the entire base string)
Ok, I ran it with a semicolon after the first select statement and I get two errors:  Incorrect Syntax near (, the one after the WITH and Incorrect Syntax near the keyword ORDER
I tried it and it seems to work in firefox, but not IE7.  Good info though.  I wasn't aware of that option.
+1, spent 10 minutes looking for that reference. There are so many C++ questions on SO which simply require a pointer to Herb's writing.
Thanks, that makes sense.  I was hoping there would be a way to state in the ControlTemplate that I wanted to use my 'textStyleTextBox' when an error occurs, as opposed to setting both 'Validation.ErrorTemplate' and 'Style' on every textbox that needs validation. Can you think of any way to do that?
based on his grouped display country>>data
Apparently, using threads is part of the assignment, though. Maybe the input is extremely restricted or something.
Everything is in SVN.
If you wish I can also write printing function for two's complement. It is quite easy. And, as my answer gives functions adder and sub, you are not allowed do add something using + :).
Well I'm a proud owner of a R license so I indeed know what I'm missing out: the spellchecker! :)
What is a 'tag' ?
Do you mean my rules should first accommodate as many balanced a's on either side before placing any b's in the middle?
Looks interesting, unfortunately c++ is not an option productivity wise.
as I wrote on a comment down below, this is the exact answer of my exercise. The task was to see how threading and Java worked. Another task is to do a procedural algorithm, wich is much more effizient and so we are teached that threading is not always the best Method :)
(The main problem encountered when trying to make PHP files also well-formed XML is coming up with alternatives for inserting content into attribute values and optionally-including attributes, since you can't put a PI inside an element or attribute.)
And if you do, please post the name of your company so I can make sure not to inherit this system by accident one day. =)
you could always get the number of CPUs to pick the optimal number of threads. In addition to this, openMP uses pthreads under the hood which will likely have similar performance to a correctly used pool.
Pax: thanks for the reply. BUt yours approach with awk give this instead: 
PLEASE use staticcast<> instead of reinterpretcast<>, the latter will give incorrect results in certain cases (on a typical implementation, an example would be if Foo or Bar has multiple base classes and Base is not first among them).
Interesting that CVB makes this so much easier...
dirkgently, Care to elaborate?  Boost docs say (see link): As well as the corresponding helper functions:
Padding with nop's may fix alignment issues... or perhaps you just need to make sure you're doing a clean build?
Actually, it was one of my early candidates, but got cut in the first round of feedback by the team lead.
Need more information, but I very much doubt you found such a basic bug in C that the hordes of MS testers and users have not yet discovered.
Try my updated solution.
Good point thanks; answer updated.
A good pattern, but use it with care. If your enum is large and your switch only needs to handle a few cases you probably don't want to create a zillion classes.
Andrew Bullock: Why not?  Garry Shutler: Yes it will add a margin to everything, but if you know you are only adding one thing its ok, and the OP wanted to think about it as a div of width 800 with a 50px gap before text.
thank you for your reply. i will test this as soon as i can.
And I have: Incorrect syntax near 'ValueRange'. (SQL 2005)
Yes of course, I'm asking if it will continue the process when xampp is restarted?
You can safely use BeginInvoke() as well in most cases unless you want to marshal any thrown exception back to the invoking thread.
Pass - I only investigated far enough to solve the original problem :) I don't really know a lot about JAXB...
Erm....well - I can only claim to know this after I attended an ACCU conference in Oxford where Nicolai Josuttis gave a talk with a real code example.  A quick google search found the following: http:learningcppisfun.blogspot.com200702i-was-discussing-about-problem-here.html
Trust me, it works, I tried it ;)
Oh man, I got a +1 from Jeff! That's worth like a thousand reputation, right?
The fit() function returns a new image object, I forgot to mention that. Maybe it's that?
+1 for PERSISTED a new concept for me.
Sorry, I did not exactly get the point? Something wrong?
images can still be differenced, just not with the tools you use for text files - eg, you want to tell the difference between 2 jpegs? check them both out and look at them side by side. easy. Oh, and the check-in comment should help massively.
I'm indeed looking for a way to implement a one-to-many relationship.  It can very well be used for an Observer pattern, but not necessarily.
I think imageNamed looks in the bundle for you.  I'm not sure though.
yes, jQuery sorry about all this
Since the project is ASP.NET, I recommend the usage of the .NET System.IO methods.
Because I only mentioned 2 dates, but the table actually has about 50, each of which might need to be compared to another.  Storing the difference of every possible date just isn't going to fly.
Yes, but I'm sure there's a list of attributes that are available to choose from. Put all those attributes in the class as Nullable fields (if they are value types) and populate just the ones you get back. I don't think you need to use some crazy solution to build a type dynamically...
cdeszaq: That is what you want
In vs2008 its unfair to compare with team system only based on unit testing (as that is a small piece of what you get). Specially considering you do have unit tests in the professional edition in vs 2008.
Kalium: If that is the case, I should be able to use any decent hash algorithm and asymmetric encryption function, right?
Varkhan, you are using the math sense of idempotent, but S. Lott is using a related definition common in programming. Read his link.
S.Lott: You don't. You don't need to. If the question isn't on the site already, then it's fair game (according to the FAQ, as already pointed out).  Just answer every question as though the OP needs help.  They might not, but the next guy who reads their question probably will. Just my 2 cents.
wouldn't this only work if the uitableview was an outlet?  the class above is a uitableviewcontroller.
casperOne: I was assuming that the point was to end up with a StringBuilder though, so we could append more to it. I suspect in real life the StringBuilder is passed in with some data in it already - in which case EnsureCapacity() is the equivalent answer, basically. String.Concat doesn't help then
I haven't marked this as the answer because it's the no-brainer answer - sure, mapping is better than a switch, but it's really not elegant. The ServiceLoader would be the better approach, but doesn't address any of the other infrastructure already in place, such as Spring.
http:javascript.crockford.cominheritance.html , conclusion in the article seems interesting ..cannot find Crockford's presentation on this subject.
This sounds suspiciously like you're holding his +1 for ransom. Deposit the code sample behind the 3rd pillar from the south-east side of the bridge. Come alone.
standard AboutBox?  Is that a ToolBox component?
I think so, though I am a newbie! How do you mean? I've built in a check that stores the last edit date and time on commencement of an edit and I'm validating that before saving. If the date and time has changed the user is asked to check over the latest changes before confirming they want to save.
This close reason makes no sense at all.  It's a concrete question about a concrete code sample.  How did this get five votes to close?  What's going on here?
nuriaion - in this case you need to make the updates & checks atomic (using a mutex or something) so all hell doesn't break loose if the check happens to occur between setting the value and setting the 'mirror' of the value.
Okay, fair enough.  A smell is not a 100 indicator of a problem.
So, there are two EOF values. In the context of Bash (or terminals as you tried to explain), there is an EOF character.  Denying its existence confuses the question.  Thanks for the discussion.  I don't program in C, so I often need to remind myself how this works.
I did try it. but I made the mistake of forgetting to delete the intermediate directory, sorry.
+1 for a good answer, despite the 'better' answer.
MultipleIE doesn't have IE7 in it, and IE6 doesn't work properly with IE8 installed.
Hi, yes, it is undefined currently
danbruc, yes.  I usually prefer the expanded LINQ syntax (your answer) but GroupBy trips me up for some reason even though it's much easier in expanded syntax (IMHO).
Brian, the error page helps for SEO results, when a page is not found: you still give something to the bot to continue moving on, and its best if you give something that indexes well to the rest of your site
You've probably remembered that the internal representation of a system call that is delivered to a device driver is called an IRP (IO Request Packet)...
Thanks! That exactly solves my problem.
Actually I'd say that sounds a lot harder than rocket science! We've already got lots of rockets, but AFAIK no such porn detector :)
Thanks. I realized it was hard to chose a correct answer to this question, since I'm obviously biased, but I thought this was the best.
James: One of the downsides of the ability to edit questions is that you can come to the party a bit late and miss something.  The question was of poor quality to begin with hence the downvotes and less than helpful answers
and forgot, this is a simple LINQ to Objects.
Actually, I am building a fake money prediction market along the lines of the Hollywood Stock Exchange, so it just has to feel right to the players. i.e., fair and not too weird.
BTW, for someone who says they're pretty new to C, this is a very sensible use of delegates. Kudos to you for spotting the repetition and factoring it out into a delegate.
This works where you column MAX is 100.  The first argument should be a value = to the MAX in your column.
TextMate is wonderful. There is little that it does, that it doesn't do more comfortably than any heavy IDE I've used.
Thank you. However, as stated in the question, I am automatically generating an ICS file and I want to show a preview of it on my web page to give the user an idea of the result. With Google Cal, I have to manually import the ics file in order to embed it, which will not work for my scenario.
Would love too but that site is blocked at work. I could e-mail it to you if you are willing. Send me an e-mail at liam86gmail.com so you don't have to have you e-mail public.
Norman Ramsey - which meant you could copy an image between OS's and everything still worked!
Why do you need a full blown outlook? You can use a simple Form with a Rich Edit Text and from there you can control everything.
Worked like a champ! I know it's hacky, but that's what I'm dealing with at the moment.
Tomalak:  I added another edit regarding NULL tags or longTags.  Also they can't be collapsed because other systems are built around it -- some systems we dont control.  Basically I am committed to many very bad decisions made before my time.  There are so many things I wish I could change.
There's some funky escaping going on in the SO editer.
I see. So you can consider using the methods explained in other answers =)
Taking the sample to be the pattern, you're right. But the sample complies with the spec of having one or more numbers followed by a period ending in '.html'. Nothing specified about in between. I can write that as two patterns, or I can specify it in one. As I said, I work to specs, not samples.
What I meant was that I am looking for the string a&b in this case, but for some reason, having the & character makes contain return nothing.
beat me to it on Wikipedia.
Shouldn't you have a grep -v grep in there to stop it from collecting grep's pid (since its commandline contains the word java)?
yes, exec(dir) returned data
Hi mkoryak
Drat. Where's my +1 button for comments? :-)
Javier I think you are missing the point.  For a client app to connect to a DB directly, it needs a login to that DB, which means login credentials (no matter how restriceted that login may be) are still stored client side, which is a big no no
Or just a1.SequenceEquals(a2). What leads you to believe this would perform any worse than the accepted answer?
Adding a subquery or using Having will make the query more complex which is worse that repeating such a simple expression twice.
I could define a Table variable and insert value to WITH statement, and then loop through myTable to do the update. Is it possible just by using WITH statement?
Thats not what I am looking for.. what should the source code look like? Should there be an <html> tag around the email or not? etc.. should I set a doctype as stated in my question
They stated they have port that compiles on linux, but I'm not sure if that's released yet. Vim is great, Emacs is painful to learn (but, those few who succeeded said it's also great editor :), and all I'm looking for is somethink like Notepad++ for linux :)
The runtime license never expires.  The subscription is for support and updates.  You can't get any new builds from us after your subscription expires.
This is correct perspec, but  n  width is typically not supported by browsers. The example works anyway due to the combination of full width on the parent table and minimal width on the left, which is usually the best approach.
The simulation software I'm using requires a certain environmental variable to be set by hand for any directory you want to do an analysis in. I see this as a terrible approach and thought to fix it, or at least automate it, with python.
I did mean 1 DB round-trip. As John mentioned the high frequency and volume of DELETE, cutting 50 round-trip should help.
 2 round-trip 
Sweetcoder, you'll do something similar to create an Identity field.  Create an Int field (I always call mine UID) and, with it selected, go down into the properties area. Click the + next to Identity and then, in the subfields, toggle Identity to True. Don't worry about other settings.
You're partly wrong. Try searching on device driver c++cli to see hundreds of examples - C++CLI gives a good alternative to using PInvoke. It's not managed code but allows smooth bridging to C++ to call pure C.
Good call. Thanks.
I guess some what similar to OpenId.
im using asp.net.
I agree that it feels like the framework is lacking something. I don't know if it is IEqualityComparer though ... it really needs both methods. It feels like there should be an easier way of using Distinct: an override that takes a predicate.
Even if it's a single block of memory, it'd still only be around 1000  4 = 4kb worth, which is not a lot of memory.
But I don't want to block whenever I write, I want to block, if someone is already writing to the file I want to write. Actually, I don't want to block at all. I want to tell the second thread that he can't write and let the client decide on further action.
Benoit: I am aware of that Boost mailing list thread. What I'm surprised is that it hasn't been fixed since VC78 days!
Kris, I stumbled into this as well after posting the question, however, the issue here is that I have to recompose the Person object. If I add add a new property to the Person object Person.Age, I would have to touch this code again. Is there a more elegant approach?
+1 just for giving me to think. But If you can give me more details, I'd me glad. I am a total noob when it comes from serialization. I always tried to avoid it because of my web background and trouble with loosing state  object while trying to pass it in POST  GET METHODS.
It's quite a good idea, but using IFRAME can be blocked by IE 7+ and Firefox 3, and can be considered as XSS attack.
GDI probably (drawing2d tag says it)
Note: Ruby 1.9 uses YARV (http:en.wikipedia.orgwikiYARV) (aka KRI). They're not still calling it MRI in 1.9, are they?
I did not know that eval operates in a lower scope. But does defining x in the main script body causes the variables to be passed to eval by reference?
Pax
Having being in the industry since 1984 (and having used mainframes at university) i think this is a good point. By a mainframe I mean something that can cope with large bursts of IO, manage and schedule lots of jobs etc. VMWare is good but the hardware isn't quite there yet.
I respectfully disagree... I have several applications I make changes to that If I only make changes in the code behind I only push out the bin folder... We actually have an automated after build process (Team Foundation) that determines what files have changed and publishes them for us...
I'm trying to test it, but I'm getting parseerrors on my XML.  I'm just guessing your schema, Hate to do this to you but, can you also supply your XML?
thats right, but the parameter is passed from outside of application, I want it to be like restful api which add this url to db, wonder if it is possible to have this format just by typing(without using any server side or client side decode functions) or not
Thomaschaaf, no, I usually don't use pre-RTM in production, but use pre-RTM versions during development, which allows put application in production almost at the same day with framework's RTM release.
Because you can readily turn your Python program into a single Java JAR, and from there leverage the huge pile of Java deployment options for every major platform.  At the expense of using all the RAM in the world, admittedly (Java likes having lots of RAM).
Selects statements cause no locks in Oracle. Do you have some kind of replicated or distributed database?
All of my definitions are defined in the header outside the class definition.
Ah, I set the new weight to `m-w`, not `-w`. The smallest weight will be 0.
BTW, shouldn't I take my own solution out of the question and put it in the answers ?
Moving all the changes and configurations to the constructor made all the problems go away!  THANK YOU!
Glad I was able to help.
I prefer my solution because it only searches the DOM once to find all of the matching elements instead of searching once per element to be found.
So: there is a bug in the browser(s). Not sure that we can help with that...
Per the second-last paragraph, I would prefer to avoid BigDecimals if possible for performance reasons.
Your code is misleading.  The [Serializable] and [NonSerialized] attributes have nothing to do with Xml Serialization!!  I think you want [XmlIgnore] on the UnimportantProperty, and you want nothing (no attribute at all) on the class. Or if you want to be explicit, [XmlType].
I did not say that these apps were using WPF at all.
ouch my head hurts
I don't think this is quite accurate. In e.g. HTTP, the only actions you can do are GET, POST, PUT, and DELETE. In REST, you aren't representing available actions as URIs, you are exposing resources via URIs and letting people GET, POST, PUT and DELETE them.
Again, i agree, i could NEVER tell a user to use a certain browser if they were a client at my JOB. On the other hand, when i make websites for free and fun, i can absolutely tell anyone anything. i have decided to not support IE6 because supporting it is boring.
tbh not a really good answer but +1 because C++ has no standard ABI (yes .. C++ sucks)
No these text files are simple HTML pages.
Annotations would now replace these marker interfaces.
Wow, think of the damage you could cause by overloading sizeof :-)
Nice, we just keep a list of admin network Id's in a web.config file.  This is much more elegant.
The robots.txt approach isn't scalable up to something like Wikipedia's redirects - they have hundreds of thousands if not millions of them, and they can't be easily wildcarded.
Thanks Robert.  I'm not familiar with bookmarklets or Magnolia.  I'll check it out.
Post the results to a Twitter account through its API and see how many followers you can get based on your machine generated Tweets.
C doesn't have to compile to IL :) The point is that it shouldn't matter, because you shouldn't be able to read from the local variable anyway due to the compiler tricks.
yeah, it would be easier to use squid, but I can't because I'm not allowed to install anything on the machines in question.
He's probably not calling malloc if he's using Objective-C. He's probably releasing at the wrong time.
Let's proceed under that assumption.
dirkgently : because my code isn't C99 yet :)
That was exactly it. Including SubmitTime did the trick. Wow, I never would have guessed that was it, but now that I think about, it makes perfect sense why my original code didn't work. Thanks!
I tried to apply code from the link to what I have but I'm still getting an error: cannot find interface declaration for Person.
How to find middle point? To find middle I need to find direction first. If road is in horizontal direction middle will be between top and bottom pixels, and if it is in vertical middle will be between left and right pixels.
I don't really know the answer, but I can refer you to http:xkcd.com378 :P
Masi: Well, then C is doomed to die.
Actually, at least in Sweden, this would be a criminal offense. So instead of suing I guess an employer here would just report it to the police.
Matt J: why not to send the PID ?
Good point, and thus why I asked really. I'm trying to avoid the use of deprecated tags (font being one of them) in my generated code though, which is the main issue.
I guess so. I like your nested queries too, they're reusable anytime you need to iterate through complicated queries.
Thanks just the tip to get me started! Let me give it a try and understand it...
This is a great alternate definition that won't compile if it's passed a pointer. +1
Is linq really needed - a nice foreach with a bit of linq-ish expressions could do as well.
Can you show contents of service.svc?
Also, although this works and is common, some people (myself included I guess) will complain about using map in a void context.  Why not hash++ for a instead?
YYYY-MM-DD is also unambiguous and has the advantages of being ISO 8601 and having all-numeric elements.
Thank you for your help, its working now.
You say to do a 2d game first (which I kindof agree with), but OpenGL is still the best thing to learn first if you're only interested in game coding. It's just not worth getting stuck the dead-end of learning Quartz2D and CoreAnimation if you're going to have to learn OpenGL eventually.
bill nope - ifstreams are opened for reading  - the i stands for input
Indeed, I had seen this in an example .NET project. I will try both of them to see what suits me more. thx.
So do I, its the same error
sounds good! thanks
What app exactly? Some more context please :-)
If you are really getting just the pixel data and the data is for a single frame, then what you're doing should work. If you're getting multiple frames I'm not sure how the .Net Image library will react. Maybe try an open source DICOM library like http:imebra.com
What he really should be doing is pointing the links to the location where the non-javascript equivalent will be executed. Then overriding the action in jQuery. I'm with gargantuan on this...
Hey, his English is probably better than most of our German, and certainly Swiss-German :)  Say 'Chuchich schtli' five times fast.
I love that clone function, it eliminates the need for an additional file. Beautiful code! thank you!
In standard C++, a const int is a compile-time constant, and may be used as such.  You have to initialize on declaration.
Well, I have to group profile updates along with photo updates so it looks like I'm going to have to do it in PHP which is going to be complex.
+1 to John T.  I've used Rails for many years, and did a medium-to-large scale project in .NET MVC (starting back when it was beta all the way through RC's).  It's a very good step in the right direction, but far far from all the cool features of the other frameworks.
does active sync 4.2 support windows CE 5.0 or windows CE 6R2?
+1 for ActiveRecord's scope feature and dymanic finders; but I disagree with rjs on the grounds that I don't use Scriptaculous.
Are you trying to change the content of the place holder or change the id of the placeholder?
I'd like the idea, but base class would contain some code which is shared in all derived class (moving, rotating etc). I would break the DRY rule in that case.
Oh dear. looking it to this it seems we do. The data and log files are on a RAID-5 array. So we should have the data files on a RAID 5 array and the log files on a RAID 1 or RAID 1 + 0 array?
Seems like what we're missing here is a cross-section of your actual XML. The answers might be more accurate if we see what exactly we have to query. I would suggest editing your answer and replace the 'simplified' XML snippet.
The metaphor of function = small box of IO works with recursion as long as you also imagine that there's a factory out there making infinite clones and your small box can swallow other small boxes.
Do I need the full url for the header?
Arnshea: Thanks. Do you know what's the oracle equivalent for datepart???
CmExit is a focus-changing event. Do NOT call SetFocus from it. Do not change the focus while the focus is already changing. Instead, post a message and change focus in response to it. The OS doesn't like being interrupted while changing the focus. It gets confused about what really has focus.
What's the problem with wget? Why does it fail?
what do you mean by storing it in the thread?
That does it!  Perfect.  I had tried the MIN() function before, but had the syntax wrong.
Andrew: strtok() is one of the few gotchas of the C standard library. I wish we could move on. :sigh:
A byte is an UNSIGNED 8 bit integer type, that can store 0 to 255 (0xff)
Run the code and find out?
My concern is more deployment: I want deploy the smallest core assemblies needed as possible
How long do you cache, say, for your User object?  Should I cache like 30 seconds or 2 minutes?
This does not work. The node to be validated, has to be at the correct 'depth'. This method would be useful for if you wanted to partially validate your xml file. I don't have a valid xml file to begin with.
good point! I will :)
+1 Those arrows on state machines map to 'goto' more closely than to any other control structure.  Sure, you can use a switch inside a loop -- just like you can use a bunch of gotos instead of a while for other problems, but it's usually a idea; which is the whole point of this discussion.
As a CS student I always wished they'd pair us up with some engineers to do something like this.  This kind of thing is so exciting to programmers, but we have the same problem: We often know programming, but know little about electrical engineering.
I don't really worry too much about the possibility of someone who doesn't understand the basics of Jet SQL's concatenation operators messing things up. They could just as easily mess up a UDF created for the same purpose simply because they don't understand how it works.
Good answer. If we use statically declared factory classes, we wouldn't need the new operator. Tobiask's builder call is amazing too, like jQuery. The answer is both where you wouldn't need a director is what I am taking from all this. The trick will be to code it for real.  Thank you very much.
Thanks. Dogtag idea seems useful in extremely hostile environments. Trashing memory eeek.
There is no such value, that's why I said that I wish there was.
that would place the question outside of the scope of this site then.
Agree with ricebowl. Find another solution. Think a little about it. If a user is off looking at answers in another windowtabbrowser, what would be the side-effects of that? Detect those side-effects, and penalizeblock in those cases.
I've added some reference.
Have been trying this, but the classes that define each table have no Enumerable, they are over a 1000 or so class, and it wouldn't be practical to add IEnumerable per class, so need to find an alternative approach
Thanks John, in our scenario it is a mix of AIX based technologies, none of which is .NET.
No, that's not right. The first value used if you specify 1 in this way will be 2!
I've tried this on empty tables and now some tables start from 1 and some from 2.
Sorry, no pointers I know of - I used just common sense about the distinction between (ANTLR notation) G: (X)(Y) and G: (XY). The former says if you choose the first alternative, match all Xs and no Y; otherwise, match all Ys and no X whereas the latter match X or Y, and then X or Y, ...
How would i do this in code?
Yes,this is a form object,but I'm calling that function from a different thread inside a critical section.
jrandomhacker: I don't care about the scores.
The fact that for example jaguar means both an animal, a car and few other thing is subjective? Temperature expressed in Kelvin scale is subjective? What are you talking about?
I can't agree enough with this.  I've been burned so many times by project managers who swore, swore, SWORE the user-generated surrogate keys would be unique, but then later realized there were some obscure cases where the numbers were duplicated. Very painful to fix later.
Joel. Exactly what I was missing. thanks :)
If ((SELECT Version FROM table WHERE... ) <= 15)
I know that stringbuilder is good for that but what I meant was using stringbuilder with Regex sounds like helps RegEx runner to use memory more efficiently which is totally new to me.
Yes, you understood what I want to do perfectly, but I'm looking for documentation material now.
As the comment in my source code says, it is necessary to replace pass with exec(job) or similar.  If that is done, everything works as expected.  Also, you'd be better off using os.exit() instead of setting imTheFather.
Worked great. Thanks.
You can easily get the same effect in Python.  Remove the second class MyClass line and put MyClass.bar = bar at the end after bar is defined.  Also, you forgot the self argument for your class functions.
yeah does not look possible - even google search suggests that. ITS A SHAME access does not support this basic feature :-(
yeah, sometimes we stuck ourselves, it can happen to anyone of us
ClickOnce deployments stick their files in some ghastly, generated alphanumeric hell. It's a special installation method provided by some part of the .net framework, largely not under the control of the programmer. That's why I'm slightly cagey about storing any files directly in the app folder.
pax, agreed. But, it seems to me that changing the environment that child processes inherit is still a bug. People do things like 'make test' all the time, and expect the fact that they're running through make not to affect anything.
I've changed my code suggestion to handle your 2. It really looks like that function is defined or included more than once. Maybe you can post more of your code so we can check for multiple includes. I've been totally sure and wrong so many times...
Gail Shaw's comments are interesting.
Oh, and I'm glad the problem is solved.
You're absolutely right, I took a look and see a single StateServer service can in fact be shared between multiple web servers.  I'll make an edit to my answer for accuracy.  Thanks for pointing this out!
MIME-tools is a library that you can use in Perl code; for example, MIMEDefang, a virusspam filter, uses them to parse mail messages.
+1 for VirtualBox (although I've also had good luck with VMware Workstation)
Thanks Eric.  How does that associate the data to the 'p' id that it will be looking for?
could you post the code that calls toggleView3?
Eddie: That and ^^ just looks too much like an emoticon.
I'd like to add a few more really's to really, really be immutable state
lol - very true unsliced. I've been trying to pawn off crystal work at my job...I think people are starting to avoid me.
I refered http:stackoverflow.comquestions302977tomcat-vs-jetty. I don't understand low maintenance cost. Is it takes less time to configure? I need small foot print for the search server
^^ By the way - best of luck! I'm not there yet. Will be ready to launch soon though...
it somehow seems more random....but maybe I'm just crazy.
This is the C++ runtime library DLL, if I'm not mistaken, written in native code, and not GAC-able. I think you are going to hit quite a few hurdles trying to accomplish what you are trying to accomplish. Try sticking it in the bin folder or maybe registering it with regsvr32 or regsvcs?
Doesn't work on IE6 though. Ah well.
Express Edition can only be installed on single CPU boxes -- Do you have a link for that? I thought you could install it, but it would only use 1 CPU on the box?
chaos's point that, exceptions shouldn't be used for routine conditions is a good one.  Yet Rails has decided otherwise: rescuefrom ActiveRecord::RecordInvalid is common practice.
Kjensen: Thanks for the accepting my answer. You also might be able to replace repPageNumbersTopItemDataBound with a property on the LinkButton: Enabled='< (Container.DataItem).ToString <> Me.CurrentPage.ToString  >' (my vb.net isn't too good...)
I want a file that has the qualities that I've described, I don't care what it's generated from.
DNS answer is correct too
I have verified that the tbl variable is evaluating properly and i only have one instance. Any other suggestions?? Anything at all is welcome! :-) Thanks!
Great. But what didn't work????
That's true and noted.
AlanM Only if a traditional NFA isn't actually an NFA.  The proof's up there: a javascript regex defines a language that isn't regular.
The language was php, but it doesn't matter much. I think I understand the strategy of factories inside constructors, but I still worry about public methods in the same class since they can also apply as dependencies and can also encapsulate very involved processes that need mocking.
unless you have a nice shared host and he will bump the memory for you on PHP, or you have your own server. Even then it's still kind of an iffy idea.
No problem! I just wanted to point out that a good first step is to try to isolate a small example of the problem, to see if it's a language issue or an API issue.
+1. agree that a DB might not be the best place for this data. Bit-wise testing using appropriate masks would seem a better fit.
Thanks for the update - unfortunately VB.NET doesn't support anonymous methods - I guess the only solution is to make a function wrapper for each property and create a delegate for that (pretty much what the reflector code is doing).
maybe this depends on the encoding of the input file? just a guess
If your different OS is linux, then not really - mono is very well supported there. But certainly, java has better penetration into the more... obscure devices. For server work (typically windows or linuxunix), there isn't much difference between C and Java (in this respect).
I think he means the VB6 app won't process the ActiveX calls, because it's busy.  He could pass a reference to an object into the VB6 from the C, and then have the VB6 poll that object periodically when it's ready to see whether it's time to shut down.
GONeale combine with LoadWith to have it eager load :) ... also, it isn't the only way, when doing it in queries you don't use the relations.
As for offensive, I find your conduct offensive - especially you're zealous mono-pole opinions about truth - ipso facto you are offensive. Perhaps you'd like a dictionary to look up ipso facto?
Thanks, I thought that was the case, just needed to sound it out with someone.
How is the SVN repo structured?
Well, there's the thread which executes the Main() method. However, you'll need to run some sort of message pump (or something similar) if you want to be able to marshal calls to it.
+1000 .. let the browser pick the font
+ make sure you auto generate file URL each time to prevent caching.
vartec You seem to have some anger issues. No need to freak out if people disagree with you on internet. :D
Can you post some actual code? The definition of C would be a good start
I found the time to try this. Works like a dream. Thanks.
If it's protected, shouldn't bar have access to it?
kvb - I updated my second assumption, and after reading John's answer and some more MSDN docs, the assumption is false. I've noted it above. Thanks!
Yes, it's a very handy function to have around.
Exactly what I was looking for. Thanks, I'll give it a try.
pls check the doubt in the edited question.
And these are arbitrary strings which may or may contain an integer value embedded within them somewhere?
THANK YOU! YOU ARE AWESOME...wow that was a headache. I don't even care why my way didn't work. Now I know why everyone does it this way. THANK YOU!
You could do that, yes. I'm not entirely certain of what you're aiming at with this query, but from a technical perspective you could do that. In fact, if validation is what you're after then that would likely be more effective than the query you descrive in the question.
I'd be really interested to know why 55K is considered 'too big'
Because you can decode the flags field, run validation code, etc.  It's not simply a dump of the values of the structure, you instead can dump the meaning, including relevant objects that are pointed to.  For example, if obj1 has a list of obj2s, then you could nest a show of all the obj2s in there.
Though if you use HTTP to download, you might be caught by a transparent proxy, thus the URL should contain a random part to prevent any cache hits.
Why don't they host a gzipped version..........?
Two different values for sizeof (C) suggests inconsistent definitions of class C in two translation units. See my answer below for another possibility.
It's not called a function.  It's called a method.
Second the recommendation for using Google jQuery, because it's on a different domain the browser can load it at the same time as your other scripts. but it'll be nicely gzipped and miniiified
if you build ur application using vs2008 it will rely on msvcr09.dll which exists in winsxs folder not in the windowssystem32 folder
Yes, read this post for more informations. http:dotnet.org.zacalmyourselfarchive20090402sql-express-change-tracking-framework-part-2.aspx
I suspected as much.
martin york see comment above by me
perhaps there is an additional library you need to link to in order to use Google's protocol buffers?
Awesome answer, thanks. I downloaded class-dump and ran it on QuartzComposer.framework and the above methods do appear in the output, so I think it's safe to say that this is exactly what the author was doing. Thanks again.
You're right I've misread your example, +1 then.
You're probablly right, was typing wo verfiying. I'm sure the original poster has the point.
That was implied in his question. He is asking about C: coming from java to c ...
Yes, thanks it worked!
Delegation and information-hiding. I like it.
For classes, why are you overriding the equality and inequality operators to perform a reference comparison, when that functionality is provided by default by the System.Object base class?
For postponed commit, I would created a sub-branch, do exactly what you describe (including git merge -s ours maint~3), then merge everything from the sub-branch to master. I believe a future git merge maint would this time merge mast~3
Damn, It appears I defined the IActor at two different namespaces by accident. Will close the topic. Sorry
a) he didn't say it was a single line, and b) why get out of visual mode if you've already got it selected?
Thanks for your feedback.  This requirement is part of a JBoss migration project where these procedures are already presented as web services by Oracle App Server. I'd rather decouple the client from the various DB requirements (client libraries, connection info...) thus the use of web services.
You're still going to have unique names after the deletion, just with a 'hole' in your sequence.  Is that really a problem?
Is taskkill not there? Well, you learn something new every day :-).
Note that this only works if the user has Javascript enabled. I had NoScript blocking usps.com so this left the form blank for me.
I've had the simplest thing that could possibly work implemented for some time now, but as I add more and more the the codebase, I find that I'm having to repeat much of this code in multiple objects and was looking at different ways to cut back on the repeated code.
Adding joins in this situation would only exacerbate his problem. I'm a huge believe in 3rd normal form, but if he is already seeing performance problems on a single table query with proper indexes, normalizing won't help.
Thanks for the insight Brian.
Adding a pass to a compiler means revisiting the tree to perform some optimizations or some analysis. I would like to emulate the behavior or cygprofilefuncexit but only for some functions and be able to access the original return value.
I does have a List<T> constructor, whihc he could have confused.  But ultimately not relevant here.
Any chance you could use an alternate version control system like Git?
This is not needed any more after you install .Net 3.5 SP1, as this release changes the default trust level of network shares. Until you do install 3.5SP1 this is probably the best workaround.
Is this Objective-C, more specifically on an iPhone?
I'm not really understanding whether the example is satisfied by a function that returns an instance of a class named 'crap',,,
That's pretty easy to do with a select. I'll update it in a moment.
Good point, it wouldn't hurt to try both.
Maybe an optimized alignment?
Does this actually work?  It seems to depend on the evaluation rules of the language.  Usually, I'd assume that all arguments are evaluated first, and only their return value passed to the outer function call.
Interesting script. Thank you. +1
yes I can always use a button, but in my project all other uploads work without a upload button (gmail attachment style). So this might be a usability issue if i add a button
oh I see what you mean now. yes, you're right. editing answer...
I did intend a one to one mapping. I edited the question to reflect that. Sorry for the confusion.
Yeah...the day I showed that to some co-workers it opened up new doors
For reference, you can also name groups of cells.  Using their values is a bit trickier, but it can be done :)
I don't think Mitch is right about what's possible in Access because he hasn't considered table-level CHECK constraints, probably because he uses SQL Server which doesn't have them so, like me, has to resort to triggers to implement data constraints (yuck!)
Also, you could have safely abbreviated WRONG. all the way down to 0 characters.
Hi Dave,
can you send me a link to the social networking site you built in TWO WEEKS? ...that is impressive
Just curious: what is the ultimate goal behind the validation?
FYI, removing the underscore from iskeyword can mess up syntax highlighting.  If anyone knows how to get vim to see the underscore as a non-word character for navigation purposes but not for syntax highlighting, let me know.
I've tried this, but it doesn't work. I have put the route under my default route, but i still get 404 errors.
typecasting it to a PChar should not create any problems.
Michael This is usually done in codegen'd code. This allows to modify the behavior of generated classes without inheriting from them and thus without the overhead of calling virtual functions.
It all depends on the size of your application, and the number of different environments you're going to install it to, and who is going to run those installers.
The point is that in C++, the simple operation `x = y` makes a copy, unlike C because all variables have value semantics. So, implementing the copy constructor and assignment operator is the better solution.
...until you get to 10 parameters, that is! :)
That was my initial plan, but how do you ensure that the instance returned is not modified? The instance should be a singleton, so you aren't wasting memory returning a new instance every time, but if every call to [Pizza null] returns the same reference, couldn't that object be altered?
Well, it seems to me that SqlDataSource is doing rather a lot of the heavy lifting for you, and you just have to write a tiny bit of code to fill in the right value when it creates a new row. (I don't have much experience with SqlDataSource, but that should be easy enough.)
I think there is no VS2008 support. I use it under vs2005, only to edit code and build my project. And my project wasn't so very big)
That would also equate a legit 0 to NULL, which may not be what you want. I always use (MYFIELD1 <> MYFIELD2 OR (MYFIELD1 IS NULL AND MYFIELD2 IS NULL)) but I'd be interested in seeing if someone else has a better way.
Can hardly wait for C++ to get a real for loop (rather than the glorififed while loop it has now).
Quassnoi, correct you are! forgot about the COUNT( ) around it!
Mitch: Do you mean this is a question that could easily be googled for?
Act this way. Which way? Please clarify.
One of the best computer-centric stories I've ever read. If you're into time travel stories, try 'The Door Into Summer'.
You should mark this answer as correct Draco...
Very nice reduction.
This won't work for an ifdef though. sizeof is compile time while if is pre-processor time
This book was the inspiration for this answer.
Are you adding your user control dynamically to the page?
Probably my favourite novel.
I'm getting File Not Found now.  I'm going to have to look into this more.
I looked for this book in Barnes and Noble, but couldn't find it, so I asked Customer Service.  They asked me what I did for a living.  I said I was a computer programmer.  They said to look under fiction.  Bah-dum-cha!
And what is the solution to overcome different field names?
What a hack attempt, at least it is funny.
I am an idiot!  My 'type' column was actually called 'posttype', so I had added self.inheritancecolumn = 'posttype' in the CHILD models, but forgot to add it in the parent - adding it in the parent got things working immediately - thanks!
Don't you think you should rephrase the question to be a little more specific? You are open to Yes and No answers. What is actually what you don't know how to do?
I thought of this option but is it really the only option? It certainly is the easiest but wouldn't it lose any other postback data?
I hadn't even thought of this. I'll have to try it out.
Agreed, this is a programming question in that Danny is using PuTTY+vim for programming, and is having a problem.  I think the community has already decided that questions about vim are okay (see the other 368 vim questions).  So why not this one?
Sorry but you misunderstood me, I was wanting to know how people find these methods in the native dll's, not specifically the SendMessage method.
Since window.location is a string, I don't really see how that would be possible or helpful. Why do the types need to match when you can easily convert from one to the other?
I'm actually charged with maintaining an existing codebase which already uses Smack inside Tomcat. What are the reasons against using Smack in Tomcat (or a j2ee container) ?
Also assertions, backreferences and conditions. You can read it here: http:php.netmanualenregexp.reference.phpregexp.reference.back-references
what's the meaning of  here?
Have a look at the configuration part of the manual. http:logging.apache.orglog4j1.2manual.html
I guess it's going to be supported in C++0x
Read your edited comment, you've got a point , thanks for your response.
Thx a lot, great explanation!!
offtopic: good day to you too ;)
Peter: Since Main is special anyway, the language could specify any other behavior - like calling the second version if and only if OS passed actual arguments.
In production code? never.  In dev code, no problem.  Think of it as a programmable debugger, in fact, I believe it is used by Devel::ebug to provide the watch variables.
Hmm, good answer, but very abstract so I'm finding it hard to relate to when you say and see if something is missing. - could you perhaps think of an example? Much appreciated.
the wrong way, in other words
good catch, I updated the response.
It's little bit ineffective. To split it and join again. perl -0777 -pe 's<[^>]>gm'
Thanks, it seems I've been overlooking the file type part of file mode.
Randolpho what's wrong with the stringbuilder code ? What abuse ?
Flory: I merged your comments to the other answer.
Thanks -- Already tried it with a .NET client and it works fine.  I should also note that I have other service operations that are working fine from Flex.  It's only when enums are introduced that this error occurs.
There is nothing wrong with the Zombie state. Look at the fstream objects. You don't need an actually zombie test method, a cleaner solution is a cast to void pointer (like fstream) so that you can use in a boolean context (like if statement).
Another option is purely relience on InternetExplorer , but I do not recommend that, since it's marke share is dropping and going down all the time ...
The values are int values, and they're all correct I checked. I think the problem is a memory issue; somewhere something is being allocated to the stack and being freed up I think. Will let you guys know!
Yeah, I missed CXF :-)
You are right. I've corrected it.
Right now my calculation logic works with a datatable object returned from the database and sends a datatable to the front end as the source for the gridView. All calculations are already done by the time the second datatable gets to the front end.
I think it was global assembly cache. Open c:windowsassembly with Windows Explorer.
It crawls. There are Buts: i) Key can't be optional on Add method; ii) how do you remove the corresponding key during remove method?; iii) it's dumb-possible to aC.Keys().Delete
Rob K:  Writing basic getters and setters for each member variable is a sure sign.  However, in many classes, the contents of some variables are relevant by themselves (mdeposit in a bank account class, mz in a vector class), so some good OO functions reduce to getters.
Are the split tests required if the script outputs to the original filename? I ask because the splits happen in many different ways (no coherent pattern) and right now the outputted files are not working with high probability...
And now I know that Jon Skeet was a contributing author of Groovy in Action. Interesting.
Exactly, and if your MasterPage has any User Controls and they need some of shared functionality as well, then you can also create a BaseUserControl as well.
Do you avoid using any data structures because of lack of experience in Perl? I find repeated operations on similar octets not very readable. And modules from CPAN would certainly work more efficiently.
Not a terrible solution. The problem in this case is that the hover effect appears when the mouse is in the generated box but not actually over the link (i.e. to the right of the line).
empi: ...would take too much time. That time is amortized across the development of the project and is made up many times over with the ability to have regression testing and less defects.
Thanks! This is my first venture into SQL so I have a lot to learn. I meant ID for primary key and BlahBlahID to indicate that it was a key in another table. Always open to suggestions...
masterpeter it will show to some body before getting buried on the 100 page!
Good analysis and generally I agree with you. It should be noted that the central dispatcher in Swiz is optional and really only needed when you have a event that many views  components require notification of, such as login, logout, etc.
The performance of the framework is obviously a concern - in the case of web2py, it may cause you to exceed your quotas for the day.
As it happens, the n0 issue is not a problem for my given cases as the result of ignoring that is exactly what I want to happen.
True, it hasn't been maintained since 2002.  I was just curious as to whether a non-reflection based solution existed.  The property map it returns is actually just a standard map, no generics as such...
I voted you up, because the downvote may have to do with the fact that you misread my question, and that could have been partly my fault,so I rephrased it.
In all cases, be sure to settings.py file in your project with the correct database driver, username and password info. Are you running the django dev server? Are you running the django dev server and DB on the same machine? Or different machines? Looking forward to your updated posts.
Sorry , I didn't understand your comment. What is Dup?
So, why wouldnt you test your stored procedures?
Maybe put a link to the exact page you're looking at on hivelogic.com
Ya, the header file is include SDL.h and I've used this line on my previous project
A left join in mysql is always an outer join, and just a join is always an inner join. No need to use 'outer' or 'inner' iirc.
I am doing this on a aspx... So using the same context is not an option... I am Querying it again... but i have this feeling of wasting resources....
Can you please take a look at my updated question?  I added some more detail so perhaps you could help me restructure the code in some way.
I am not using Flex, i mentioned in my question that i need solution for calling method inside web servie in Action Script 3.0
Oh that sucks :(. It'd be a cute solution. (Although, I can't actually put attributes on these fields). Do you have a reference to any docs showing what XmlIgnore controls in NHibernate? Thanks!
+1. Provided that BYTE is some sort of (possibly signed or unsigned) char type, the C++ standard guarantees undefined behaviour won't occur here -- though just as with unions, it is still implementation-defined behaviour (which, as you point out, effectively means byte-order dependence here).
The flag allows the process to use up to 4GB if the OS can provide it. Normally, Windows is still set up to only give 2GB to each process. That can be changed too, at the risk of driver instability, to give you 3GB, yes. With PAE, you can get even more. But 64-bit is probably a better bet.
it does not have a self contained driver... requires install of the driver
You need to give more information. What are you trying to do with the DataSet and the textbox. Are you using only one textbox? Is there more thabn one row in the DataSet?
StringTokenzier isn't deprecated...
I never spoke about bucket size in this solution. I'm only telling to make the buckets in UTC from 00:00 to 23:59 instead in local time. As there is not enough detail on what statistics are proposed in the user interface, it's not possible to propose a definitive bucket size.
Thanks Derek, I'll update my entry. :-)
Actually, an array representing a complete binary tree is maximally efficient (more so than the binary tree representation itself).
http:stackoverflow.comquestions286004hidden-features-of-modrewrite  might also be of use
Now I see, thanks for the clarification. Luckily LGPL works fine for me.
Maybe I need to work on my communication skills huh?  Anyway, my intent was to say that folders show hierarchy, but the idea that the same thing can exist in more than one folder doesn't make sense.  Tags allow that, something can have more than one tag, but hierarchy doesn't make sense.
Might just be a transcription error, but you have [object addObject: [MyObject..., and it should probably be [objects addObject...
I added a representation of my view code.
Use the -m option to jar. Read http:java.sun.comdocsbookstutorialdeploymentjarmanifestindex.html for more details.
Do you mean you need to keep track of your place in the list? That way when you return the same state, you can pick up where you left off? Give a bit more context. It seems like you might be better off using an index into the list.
The values are present in the table fields but it is not displaying inthe view...
Yes, this is a solution. What happens if I need to have 100 windows or even more ? I can't create all them and keep them in memory, and the make them visible when I need them.
nmake works fine, if you live within its limits. It is better than nothing, or bat files...
Thanks for reply, I have edited my post and add snapshot of the error
for some reason should work just was displayed, but now updated have occurred
Al The issue is that you are completely ignoring the ability to FIX the program. Your program is offloading all of its error handling onto the environment, which means you could be leaking memory like a sieve, and never be able to catch that.
Hmm, sounds interesting.
For WebForms there is a LinqDataSource that you could bind to that gives you the ability to do a delete more easily, though I suspect it just does something like my example on the back end. I didn't see an analog for WinForms.
i have a view Class and want to not specify the whole path of the view ... but only the name and that to result in the view located in the same directory as the view that called the class.
Also how the heck are you going to have both client side and server side validation without posting to the server to check? are you going to have a generic handler check every keystroke sent via jquery post? Its an option but you have to do the leg work.
As dirty as that word is, yes essentially, that's what I'm looking to do. The goal however is not to control saleable content distribution, but to enable secure cloud computing features.
That pointed me in the right direction. There's a BIOS setting that had to be enabled for Virtualization.
bobnice: doing it manually would work but in practice I avoid doing that since we also use other side-effects of the sendRedirect method, namely url-rewriting.
Extremely clear and comprehensive -- thanks!
You don't need the separate constructor, especially if you're only making one instance of it, use altCognito's method. Be sure to try to understand how this works!
And exactly why is this a bad question?
On x86 most instructions accept a memory address as one operand. e.g. ADD [somevar], eax.
Plus, I'm not a gears fan, but if I knew and saw that my experience was improved by using it, I'd have a higher opinion of it.
Yes, this looks close to the solution I'm after, but is there a way to save all the new potions at once? For example, create the extra 3 you need and then do just one database call? Or is this just wanting to micro-optimise?
Well, although not intrusive, I think it's a matter of decoupling not the code itself, but the very notion of giving information to external entities about the progress.
Sorry, the question says explicitly no complex numbers.
What configurations did the VM OS have? What service packs, framework installs, etc?
Can you give me some details? thanks again...
I was darn sure that people will down vote this without checking the tutorial and the intention behind helping that op understand reg expressions.
a statement that the reviewer would have checked that code in, himself. That would mean that no code ever got checked in. Everyone has different ideas on what makes quality code. I would be embarassed to check in much of the code that other developers create. So how could they get past my review?
The dll's are the same, and I have no way of doing any remote debugging without a lot of hassle. I just hope there is a simpler answer! SharePoint can be such a pain sometimes...
I was going to say it doesn't work for a few patterns before you edited, now the only example that doesn't match is the likes of 'M''MP''MPR' without the explicit dangling wildcard. I'm sure it's just a small factor, I do like that it's more concise (I'm sure I'll be able to read it soon :-D) +1
I want the user to see the url in the status bar. And Daniel came with a cool answer for that.
The reason i'm casting to std::ios in this case is because the object could be either std::stringstream or std::fstream, and I need them to be handled the same from the scripting languages point of view.
That would be pretty cool
You can download additional strongly typed assemblies in silverlight now.
my answer is giveupandusetables.com
I implemented this and seems to get the job done.  Tempted to take out validatesuniqueness since this essentially does the same thing more efficiently.  Will post any relevant updates.
I do not. Would that help in some way?
Then I probably got you wrong. I thought that you had 64K points, after that selected some small amount of Voronoi centers (I assumed less than 100) and then for only one point (mouse click) you need to find a nearest group, i.e. nearest Voronoi center.
Yeah this is true, though hopefully people are profiling their queries :)
In a normalized database you'd store user specific information in a User table, and all categories per user in a UserCategory table. The UserCategory table can then have multiple rows per user.
Just so I am clear you mean taking it out of Windsor then applying it to Unity? Sure why not! Ya... elegance? Maybe next project ; ).
This seems to be exactly what I was looking for. Thanks
'is not well-specified and may behave very erratically' - how true! +1
BTW, > is normally know as greater than (or, strictly speaking wrongly, as right angle bracket).
One big problem in this nice trick: serials are not always contiguous (for instance when there were rollbacks).
it looks weird in IE 6
I'm afraid rows and columns are monotonically increasing just means rows are monotonically increasing, columns are monotonically increasing, but not (rowM,colN) < (rowM+1,col1) :(
None of that can be done in the framework (it doesn't know what your test does, only if it succeeds), but TAP gives you the ability to add this information when you write your tests with the diag function.
sleske : thanks for your answer. I checked it. It have only EnableDisable Check Box Button. And i wanted to Disable it thats it. :)
It also requires you to know the GMT offset of each timezone.
You are creating your own definition of Knowing a language I'm afraid. My definition of knowing a language requires that you can apply the language effectively.
BTW - you can install side-by-side with VS2008; I use VSTS for real work, and Express as a scratch pad for examples etc.
hey thanks for your reply but atm it's still not getting me the position relative but i'll keep on trying though. i was wondering if you've got any spare time on your hands so that you could possibly get this working for me. 
Stephen Martin, irrespective of what you think the authors of the documentation mean, and irrespective of what you think nobugz meant or didn't mean, the fact is my solution solved my problem and his didn't.
Any particular reason for using nusoap, now that php comes with a native soap library?
Hey, that's what MS did for BitConverter, so that's probably your best bet.
+1, very insightful proof and algorithm.
Correct.  IE fails hard on self-closing script tags. see: http:webbugtrack.blogspot.com200708bug-153-self-closing-script-tag-issues.html
prints nothing, there is one entry for foo, which is a typeglob that will resolve to scalar or array depending on context.  Hmm, I guess I should go look at how PadWalker is figuring that out.
edit the GetParicipants, I haven't rights to do it
is there really something called enterprise library???
Azure requires you to manage the number of servers. So if you're needs go from 0 to 10 servers, Azure won't currently grow for you. App Engine is the only offering that is detached from servers and just focuses on memory, processing, and so on.
Thank You. Will try it out :)
Alvaro: Even a large scene should render reasonably.  If you're trying to render something huge, I'd split your command prompts into a separate window.  Otherwise, render that in a separate context, and overlay, but the rendering in the context with your huge scene is going to be tied to that scene
please see my other question found here... http:stackoverflow.comquestions745217http-get-post-request-and-google-geolocation-api
Hi Shahkalpesh, I tried using your first option. When I ran the query, it did not show the contents of the cells that had , -, or . In other words, a cell that showed Bill-Jones returned blank. I was expecting to see BillJones.
I've used this method in the past, but it was dead simple for me to get around it (for parsing my own documents in some cases) so I can't imagine it would be any less so for a bot.
So you check for the presence of 3 browsers. I never said this was the best option.
+1 for mentioning run-time uses.
In Oracle, nulls are not indexed. Then the IS NULL cannot take advantage on indexes.
Are you implying that you can't use the server-side tag <= myControl.ClientID > in the aspx markup?
What SQL dialect is that? It's certainly not Jet SQL.
look at the end of the class for the sub Private Sub ImprovedTimerElapsed
Thanks for updating the documentation! 
Thank you, added it to the post.
I was hoping for something that ran in Bourne Shell, not just Bourne Again Shell, but it's better than nothing!
I would use the java.lang.Character tests instead of making assumptions based on the ASCII character set.
Hi Emma, what database are you using currently to bulk insert?
use that line in both conditions (the if and else parts), not only in the if part.
Try defining operator> in namespace boost:  namespace boost  bool operator>(const possibleTypes& a, const possibleTypes& b) ... .  The compiler's looking in the wrong place for the operator>, although personally I would expect it to look at any operator> taking two possibleType arguments.
added code sample
Hi, original poster here.  Thanks for the suggestion!  I use Jedit frequently myself, and the regex is indeed nice, but I'm not aware of any such function with beanshell-- can you or anyone point me in the right direction?
Perhaps a hybrid of your solution and mine would work.  I'll add it to my answer
Oops, my blunder.  I didn't read your problem carefully.  I thought you were trying to dump the whole thing to a CSV file.  Sorry!
I think he's just looking for hasattr().
Hey, thanks, nice! Maybe this was the one I was looking for... Not sure. Anyway, very useful.
Correct. It does not appear to be possible to removed the password on the VBA project, unless you use a hideous 'sendkeys' type workaround.
You definitely need another job.
Denormalisation can be a well design pattern. In the real world there are issues like versioningarchiving. If you know what you do, redundancy haven't to be a bad thing. Look at the Star-Schema (Business Intelligence), it's common used and heavy denormalized.
Yes, that would be the simpliest approach.
Trap for unwary players: please don't use words like above and below - your entry may move (hopefully right to the top, but then you're only calling the questioner rude :-).
Couldn't you just compile the code with gcc 4.3 for the sake of the transition, and then continue using your old compiler for production?
Nope - Argument-dependent lookup. It's not going to search everywhere, it looks in the namespace of the caller (std::greater) and the namespace of the arguments (boost::variant). In the second case, the namespace of the caller is (probably) the global namespace.
For anyone else who encounters this problem, FNH seems to map entities using first the automapper, then user-defined conventions, then default conventions and finally your mapping overrides. Thus conventions will not be executed after calling your overrides and thus you must be explicit.
Yes, you're right. Thanks for pointing that out.
There is very little difference, in reality, between a winform and console application... so yes, you should still be able to read from stdin.
what is ftw? (I can imagine Fck The Word, but I'm not native english...)
Please don't downvote without leaving a justfication. How should I know what in my posting was deemed wrong?
I am not logged in as an admin so I shouldn't have write rights to C:Windows. I also tried it out on Windows 7 and I got the same result. All I'm doing is 'Console.WriteLine(GetWritableDirectory());'.
We are not using web content management (MOSS is not being evaluated) and collaboration is not a requirement outside of having an docuemnt library.
Marc: Is not the JIT able to recompile some portions of code if they're executed a certain number of times?
Yes but the filed LastNameFirstName is not in the DB and Linq does not know about what goes on inside LastNameFirstName :)
If you plan to use C++ regularly, I strongly recommend you familiarize yourself with the standard template library.  It makes working with collections of data much easier.
Check out this link: http:www.nabble.comRe:-Reintegration-Merging---revision-graph-p20498520.html 
leave them and upgrade.
Thanks! Is the full installation actually necessary, or could we get away with only installing (for example) the relevant C++ parts?
Defensive copying due to mutability can also cause this.
Modern Windows OSes have much more advanced scripting capabilities than DOS batch files. Windows Script Host for example allows use of JScript and VBScript. Windows is not DOS-based anymore.
So, you're saying that the normal subscript operator implementation a necessary evil? I neither disagree or agree with this; as I am none the wiser.
vxWorks to windows
It was just an example, Thank you for the code that makes perfect sense but there is no way to combine the properties, by your example paint.metallic.candyred so that you understand the relationships within intellisense?
thanks. its there. which port can i use alternatively?
Hangs?  Like the call to .Match never returns?
JS libraries make it easier for you to program client-side in JavaScript. 
Why is that more complicated than it sounds? Even in the worst case, you can just have the gui trigger shellexecs and read the output of the app.  Not to say it's easy, but I'd think the difficulty is about as high as it sounds.
If you want to redirect the user to a different address but still have some back-end processing to do (e.g., a report generation request that redirects to the report's generation status page while it continues to generate the report in the background)
SilverHorse: sorry for stomping on your edit - went back in to add a tag and didn't realize you'd edited in the meanwhile!
Or LDAP or any new type of database that gets invented. I wouldn't be asking the question if I didn't have a need.
I didn't say it wasn't possible I said it wasn't easy. If I'm wrong, please enlighten me :)
I'll always use a FOSS package over a paid one for my own personal use.  This, however, was for a client paying to use EE.
I should have mentioned that in the cases I am pondering about, LargeObj is some kind of standard container class with a large number of entries (like std::vector<>) and isn't something that I can add a constructor to.
No reason you couldn't create your own Predicate. public delegate bool Predicate();
I added more content to the post.  I hope that helps.
I am not using any CSS. Like I said, I am using the same input to PDF::FromHTML from the script and from the web application.
True. I interpreted the same copy of a value as meaning one instance.
You definitely don't want to be writing your own parser, but you can use the parser from the Dynamic LINQ library. See my answer.
I'm afraid I'm also confused. The question asks about both class members and standalone vars. Obviously, there's no init for standalone, top-level vars; what 3rd party miasma is so poorly built that so many of its variables, at multiple scope levels, are at risk of being completely non-existent?
Tried that, the problem is not finding the storage server, but before mounting NFS wants to do a reverse DNS lookup of the machine requesting the mount, but DNS is not up yet. We didn't try making a hosts file on the storage machines, but then you create an admin headache to keep the files updated
inconsistent == not consistent. That is, the two declarations are not consistent, which is what the error message is trying to say.
No means yes to the question I if I am reading this right.
Shard is right - need some more information on this
Ok, in short: A user enters a password and selects a file.  The password gets hashed with the file contents and this gets sent to the server along with the file.  When it gets there, I can verify that the correct client password was used.
That's very cool, did not know MySQL had that.
For english speakers who doesn't know the 'popular' jargon is not easy to catch it (ie: not native people). It will help some text below the photo.
How do you find the average line length without reading the whole file?
Does the pasted content appear garbled immediately when it is pasted? Or after the form has been posted to the server and redisplayed on the following page?  What you're describing is symptomatic of UTF-8 encoded text being interpreted as Latin-1 or Windows-1252.
No. It appears correct. The pages handling the output are all UTF-8, though, so I suspect it is Windows-1252 that cannot be rendered properly. Maybe? I edited my example above to (hopefully) clarify.
I had the same problem - but you can either use Cisco VPN inside a 32-bit VM, or better yet - use NCP-E VPN client which is 64-bit Vista capable and Cisco-compatible! WOrks like a charm for me  www.ncp-e.com
I see; that makes sense. The original schema designer went for size in the classic size-versus-speed tradeoff (questionable to me, what with storage as cheap as it is these days) and now you have to deal with the schema and pay the price. Good luck making the best of this situation :(
hehe, I tried, but the layout seems not to work!
Hey, just wanted to say thank you for putting in the time. I've been working on a project recently that I need this kind of functionality for and actually I compile with VS 2008 using .NEt 3.5 but for Excel 2002. I'll try the workaround. Thanks again.
Good catch MarkJ! For the sake of completeness, I've added that
Hi,Can anyone plz help me out as i m very new to AutoHotkey...
Thanks, I should think about this but I'm pretty new to Perl and I'm finding that I'm treating it a little too much like C. So thanks for the heads up.
Exactly, I tried msdeploy to copy all the IIS settings and ACLs but the ACLs where not restored on the target system. I also tried the WinRAR option to copy file permissions and it did applied the ACL but it didn't existed on the target system. Would XCACLS re-create the users on the target system?
No, the problem is asm; arg0 is just a variable with declaration containing asm, therefore the compiler is confused about it.
Have you a particular phone or operating system in mind?
Edited to show there is no code after formabout.show.
I added it to your code and pasted as an example.
I meant not using air, only Flex web application. 
Weird. Stack Overflow truncated my comment. ... its primary key should be Person ID, also a foreign key to Person.
maoanz: As I said, it really shouldn't be difficult since even Flex allows you to upload files. Do you need any specific API references?
The error message might help too.
I've tried using Firebug. But don't understand how I can debug javascripts :(
Thanks so much ! All I had to do was set EnablePartialRendering to true ad it worked.
In Scotland, loads of secondary schools still teach VB6 as part of their Computing Standard Grade (no idea what the US equivalent is), some even for their [Advanced] Higher (think AP CS). Thankfully the tests just say an appropriate high-level language.
Yes. The code looks similar to what Neil Butterworth has posted. I used GetTickCount() for time measurement
Hi Marc, I ve imported System.ComponentModel namespace to use TypeConverter attribute. I've proved it and works fine. Thanks very much!
I meant from any OS: WindowsApplesUnicesLinuces
oh, i'll fix. ty
Thanks but in this case it's not something that can be expressed with an attribute (it's different behavioral rules).
If you'd like I can provide code to show what I meant though, I don't want you to think I was just making something up to sound clever, that would be retarded! NB all the ABCs are in an array so the idea still stands, it's just that pointers are used in the naked array.
Wee just need to replace all matches with the empty string. :-)
Kcachegrind is one of the most popular.
heh! that's what I get for actually writing in Mngt Studio instead of off the top of my head :)
Are FieldA and FieldB of the same type? If so, that can greatly simplify things.
That article was almost entirely written by Marc Gravell, in fact - who also wrote the helper classes in MiscUtil.
What is in oParts after the GetParts call?
If customer types is going to grow you might want to have a customer types table.  If it's 1 to 1 then customer can link to it.  Also provides a place to store pretty print versions of the types.
That's pretty odd because there's really no reason that adding single quotes would cause a problem. Curious indeed...
perfect, thanks guys!
Sorry about the comment rush.  I was analyzing the proscons of this answer.  If subclasses using ConstrainNumber<T> always specify T as a numeric, the type-checking and error handling is unnecessary, which is a huge plus.  Only downside I see is the required highest-precision arithmetic and boxing.
I moved it inside form : jQuery(dialog).parent().appendTo(jQuery(form:first));
Maybe 64-bit VMs use compressed pointers... that would make sense.
What's wrong with your own method then? Only use mine if you have Option Strict On
But I don't see why any of the non-clustered indices would have to updated - adding a not null column requires the dropping and recreation of the table so as a by-product all the indexes have to be dropped and recreated as well.
That was in AS2.  But I found the solution. I needed this line of code:
Hi Charles, thanks for answer. According to it, at v-table level there is no difference between static and instance methods, whereas I think that there should be difference. why not? why v-table is done this way?
That does not work. It still gives me http:www.mysite.comrssDefault.aspx
looks like ajax to me
You would need to put the initialisation code into the static method, or the cache controller itself.  That way, it is encapsulated away from both service A and B.  Neither depend on each other to initialise the cache, the first one to access it causes a lazy initialisation.
Don't forget to test. I like naming my files.like.this
Well, in reality I do (pixelsWide +7)8 to avoid that very problem. Integer arithmetic and all... 
I think you wanted to link to http:developer.apple.comdocumentationGraphicsImagingConceptualdrawingwithquartz2ddqcontextdqcontext.htmlapplerefdocuidTP30001066-CH203-BCIBHHBB
i would even use bit-shifts  (shifting it by 8 each time). could be done entirely using registers then. using pointers, you will have to access memory.
what object do you want to call a method of? You'll need to have a reference to that object available to your background thread - either by passing it in, or by having it as a (lockable, or atomic) property or somesuch of something else you have access to
I guess... But I didn't know it was impossible until some of your answers.
I usually use 1970-01-01 which is a common epoch for computer time (unix TIMET and JavaScript)
+1. I don't remember to have ever used conditional inclusion of units. Why would one want to do that?
What does your connection string look like and what error are you receiving?
Chris: That's exactly right. I know WGS84 is mainly for points on the surface, but WGS84 is our internal coordinate system. Say, if I want to draw a sheet 5000m above the earth's surface, I need to convert the corners (and internal points, it curves) to WGS84.
I think this answer is correct though the restriction to the body of the top level class by the JLS is silly. Access OUGHT to extend to the class declaration (and specifically the type parameters) of the top level class.
vartec, can't a Euclidean vector be represented as a coordinate vector and vice versa? They're just different representations of the same thing (a tuple) in Euclidian space versus the more general vector space.
You're right! I suppose it really comes down to me not having the right tools to look at characters and determine what they really are. But when I do sprintf(X,ord()) on the characters in that string, it is indeed  xE2x80x99  for the smart quote! Thank you.
Raimonds I did see Christoph mention that your answer was helpful.  I felt it was very close to ideal but was able to improve it slightly by making it more concise, in the interest of providing a helpful answer.  I apologize if any offense was taken; it was not intended.  Thank you for helping.
Raimonds I did see Christoph mention that your answer was helpful.  I felt it was very close to ideal but was able to improve it slightly by making it more concise, in the interest of providing a helpful answer.  I apologize if any offense was taken; it was not intended.  Thank you for helping.
ehhehe.. its okay.. :) thanks alot.. i'll try this in a while :)
There's quite a few other questions on the ternary operator for more info on their use.
More Information Required, Please Post Programming Language, Code, Other Relevant Details
So is doing this via sproc generally slower? 
I wouldn't rely on 200-400KB too much - 3.2 to 5megapixel cellphone cameras are common these days.
k Sir.....caching is appropriate tag
Rob: IMHO you only refactor working code if it will be changed soon. If it won't need changes soon, IMHO you have to question the benefit of refactoring right now. YAGNI, if you like. And Kenny, I don't believe even the most fanatical TDD wonk has a suite of tests that covers 100 of the possible input - partly because it's impossible :). It could be my world is different from yours. Joel touches on this here (search this for Kent Beck) http:www.joelonsoftware.comarticlesFiveWorlds.html
This appears to be a homework question, but is not tagged as such.  Please read the corresponding FAQ: http:stackoverflow.comquestions230510homework-on-stackoverflow
link about DOA.. typo :)
Stevo3000 - sure you have: int i = 5; decimal d = i;
Can you give more details on your issue, as I'm not clear what you mean or what you are trying to achieve?
i meant from templatecode, like  lesson.updatestatus 
Doesn't matter at all. The constcast woud remove the hypothetical read-only bit in the pointer, as would writes to a mutable member through a const pointer. The latter can be detected with 100 acuracy by the compiler.
The zero '0' character is not part of the Base32 character set.
I followed the advice in this question (http:stackoverflow.comquestions209906compile-regex-in-php) and added the S flag to the pregmatch, it reduced the time by ~0.1s, not that much but I'll take it. :)
Regular expressions tend to become complicated and thus hard to maintain, but with a simple expression like this it's not a problem. Compared to your original code this has better performance, but the original code can be rewritten using a StringBuilder to perform just as good.
More of a rant than a question, really.  As with Mitch, I've never had problems with TFS losing a file and I've been using it for 3 years.
I don't understand.  It is Nullable(of Decimal) -- as shown above. All I changed was TicketCharge = Nothing to TicketCharge Is Nothing.
Thank you, that works
Ok, and if it is set to SQLLatin1GeneralCP1CIAS that means I can't store Japanese characters?  I think it's time to visit my DBA ;)
I agree, I just did a test query and I believe (I'm not great at reading ExecutionPlans) it created an inner join.
I added a new question: http:stackoverflow.comquestions761204list-of-resources-for-database-tuning
ouch, sorry about the formatting :(
here's my java classes:
1. Yes.
Alan: I actually like this as an interview question, but I wouldn't hound somebody this way about it - I'd probably post it more like Where would you choose an interface over an abstract base class, when defining a hierarchy?, or something similar.
So yourlibrary.vbs has to contain a class definition, not just a collection of routines?
Exactly. That's exactly why MS invented that load event: they knew they'd be blowing away DOM elements after partial postbacks, and they needed to give devs a single way to do stuff when the page is ready, regardless of whether fancy AJAX UpdatePanels are used or not.
I didn't know that Perl wasn't an abbreviation!  Thanks for the heads up.
Thanks!  I knew something like timegm() had to exist, but didn't know the name.
Well yea, exactly. C gets ugly real fast if you try to do any of this, so it's all impractical for the most part.
Andy: Yes, correct. But it has been a JBoss' project for a long time now, since if I recall correctly, it was JBoss who hired Hibernate's lead developer.
We use TRYCATCH and log exceptions (after rollback) always
Thanks for your answer. I had a constructor for color but it meant lisitng the parameters yet again. Do you see a problem with the builder 'passing thru' to color?
A primary key implies a unique constraint.  A primary key can be on some autonumber column you create, but it can also be on one or more columns from the input stream.  Try it, you might like it!
nope, the post hasn't been edited at all. 
Related: [get command output in pipe, C for Linux](http:stackoverflow.comquestions219138)
Suspected this... I'll not compromise the security of xterm just to get this little benefit. I've gone to a two-level scripting scheme where full logging of the inner script is an option given to the outer script. Thanks!
duplicates http:stackoverflow.comquestions762192unit-testing-is-this-the-right-way-or-the-wrong-way
I considered creating a new class at runtime, and wrapping all class properties in a method that does stuff, then goes about its normal business, but again, I'm not sure if this is possible, and it gets complicated quickly.
Would it be standard practice to branch the entire source directory (i.e. including .cs files), even though I really only want the markup and assemblies?  My goal is a one-way branching where changes are only made in the parent branch, which should eliminate merge conflicts.  I suppose I could branch everything and exclude the directory from the build in the child projects?  Is that the norm?
Normally I like .Net Perls, but I think their comparison is unfair. If you know you are going to use a Regex a lot, you compile it and extract it from the loop.  You'll get some big reductions on the overall time using that strategy.
Yeah, he wants the n, he just messed up his SO markup (Eddie fixed it)
My debug window. MSVS Output panel
Now that would be too simple ;) Thanks.
Cerebrus: thanks.
I do want the connections to close (1) after the query has been executed (2) in case there was some unknown error.
Sorry, posted wrong code, the hover was in the loop as above.
No, not true - there is no zero in it
nope, neither VS2005 or VS2008 does automatically move things to .designer files just by opening and saving.
Right click on project. Properties. Project References. Then check the projects you want to reference. Also your required projects on build path works.
Yes, provided that the ASP.Net application pool is connecting as your user.
mergeSort(originalarray[]) is not correct format.
mt.exe can validate the syntax of manifests. Unfortunately it does not validate the specific section of manifests relating to UAC, as it does not understand the asm.v3 namespace.
I am using sybase ISQL , It show near BEGIN in line:14,but if i remove 
does the attribute have to be added to the element that contains the text, or can it be for the parent element that holds all text elements? Because I can't seem to get it to work in IE setting unselectable on the element that holds the whole image viewer.
I would stay away from SQL Server Express since setup and deployment is still a nightmare. SQL Server Compact Edition is a good choice as well though.
There are all sorts of reasons why you might want a system tray icon backed by a hidden window - I bet you have more than one in your system tray.
I'm finally back to my test machine; this still results in the barfing of a large negative number and then the array halts. Gross, barf!
Any bits where JRubyJython's relative immaturity could cause problems could be remedied by routing those bits to Java-language (or Groovy) code. And you still get to keep the widely-used Java-platform libraries. :-)
Nice discussion link. Thanks.
When using AJAX, browser don't get the opportunity to complain since the image is being dynamically loaded ... instead, the browser simply doesn't display the image.  Which is the entire question, any way around this behavior?
That works till you have 2 links that go to the same place place (bar.com) within the same piece of text and yet you want unique urls for each link. Your array will contain unique urls, but how do you replace them within the string?
I've tried that already. No success.
Do you mean you can't get hold of your raw logs, just the analysis? Even the analysis would be useful if you could either specify a particular user agent or something else which would show up in the analysis.
It's a key difference -- if Java were really pass by reference then if you said myHashMap.get(2)=null then the original object passed in to the HashMap with key 2 would now be null.  But it won't.  Yes, the whole pass by value where the value is actually a reference is confusing, but it's important to actually understand it.
I disagree with your comments about security. Yes, ULS has been removed from the ACCDB file format, but that's because of the reasonable permission that controlling user access at that level is a back-end task and really only reliablly accomplished with a server back end, e.g., SQL Server. Yes, I would miss ULS, but it's not removed from A2007 itself (or from ACE) just from the ACCDB file format.
you need exclude ticket.ticketid from group by clause, and from select clause too (TICKET.TICKETID as TICKETID). and thats will be good. unfortunately, i can`t edit my answer ( and i wrote bad comment
Yes. My fault. I'll fix it.
What's awkward about having primitives? You mean it detracts from the purely Object Oriented nature of the language? In Ruby for example even integers are objects. Is that what you mean?
Would you explain your implementation?
My rc.conf file does not have the pfenable option at all. It does however have apache22enable=YES and apache22httpacceptenable=YES lines.
No, I haven't. Why does it matter if it is in AS3? AS3 controls mix perfectly well with Flex. Check out the non-Cairngorm fork of the former.
Just as a typical textbook example:  A house cat is both a mammal and a pet.  Expressing this as composition is awkward at best.  There are mammals that aren't pets, and pets that aren't mammals.  As a pet, a cat could have an owner, a loyalty stat, a tax number.  As a mammal, it could have feeding status, length overall, tail length, fur colour.
Works like a charm, thanks a bunch. ^^
Meff, I guess that's what numbers 3-8 are for - various combinationsorientations.  Neuter kind of made me laugh...
It was not possible to add reified generics without breaking compatibility with existing code. Neal Gafter explains this pretty thoroughly here: http:gafter.blogspot.com200611reified-generics-for-java.html
of XML schema file, or you mean not defining namespace in XML document?
If you don't know the type at compile time then you can't declare a variable with that type to store the reference in, so it's pointless to do a cast.
Nice solution (+1). I'd add a `where T:struct` restriction - this shouldn't be callable for reference types.
why did you edit my post ?
If you read carefully, it says this method is needed when you are working with mult-frame documents which, is not recommended. This method can easly borke on a little change in the toString function.
Yep. Needs interop. Updated AB's answer to explain that, and added link to ShapeShow.
Thank Matt, but both solution not worked for me :(
also you can write this so much easier with XPath, you don't have to use LINQ2XML
Locking on the `global.asax` application object? It's an absolute no-no in an ASP.NET app!
How do I make this command not print every directory which I don't have access permissions to?
not from me either. it's not optimal, but correct (didn't check the details tough). additionally, the combination of rules is not neccessary, as far as i understood the problem. also without combination, the whole second loop (and the searching forsorting of the result-array) is not necessary anymore.
It still runs, but after the dependency (main constructor).
I don't think so because if Packages are statically linked then where is the need for finding all dependencies?
Yep, knew I was being stupid, I had the findif in an if statement and couldn't decipher the error message, thanks
Would have loved to do this, however I can only have one instance of each class as all the data they contain are management in one place.
OK...but if he's the only technical guy, who's going to evaluate all this detailed stuff about his code? Heck, forget that, how does the concept of coding standards even make sense when the whole company only has one developer?
I think C will evaluate the first condition (value != null), and only if this is true will it evaluate the second condition (value.ToUpper == ON), so it will evaluate from the outside in.
The comment is there.  Not sure of the veracity of the story - that could be an urban legend, but I think it could be plausible.  I know that resonant frequencies have even brought down stadiums and bridges...
Chris: use form.submit() for that. (Note that's not a jQuery method)
Ok, I see this now.  Thanks.  Unfortunately is is greyed out, so I guess I will start a new project and copy everything in.  All of my users will have windows XP professional, does anyone offhand know what target framework I should go for?
thanks, thats what i thought..
The reason is so that I can just show the same control without having to change it to a text box in a read only situation. I would basically just need it to show the date without the user being able to change it by either typing it directly into the text box part or via the dropdown calendar.
I also suspect this will need to be run from the web-server because it points to IIS:localhost  
+1. This is a sensible way to do it if per-object message dispatch is required, although the const on the array suggests the OP intends for the same functions to always be called. In that case, using a static array member is more efficient & convenient (see my answer).
Yeah, I've been thinking about doing that, but it would be so much easier and so much less work if there was another way.
was it ? ... hmm, .... gg
To pint this out: The Subject does not know who the observer is (this means: which class in which assembly, why it observers etc.). It has a list of them, where the observer is actually adding and removing itself. The Subject does not care if the Observer is registered or not.
Okay, cool.  Then you want Mauro, McDougall and Greg's Solaris Internals.  Check out the book wiki: http:www.solarisinternals.comwikiindex.phpSolarisInternals
Cancel your own thing, or just catch the event and then do your own thing, knowing that the shutdown will happen.
To clarify: I want a method signature that will accept any iterable object, be it a primitive array or a Collection. I can very easily write two methods, with one wrapping the other, but I'm just curious if there's a better way.
Another tip: Don't use the technique in this answer, all the negative sides of singletons apply here as well - if you try to eliminate globals, don't go for such disguised globals instead. Having a interface reference in a place you control is just as good as above technique, with the added benefit that the implementing object will actually be destroyed once all references to it are reset, instead of it staying in memory until the app exits. That would be little better than a memory leak.
that looks great - I have had a look at this, however I keep getting oro00936, missing expression - I have studied the script and it all looks good to me ?
I have updated the answer to define inlining
Perfect, that was exactly what I was looking for :)  Thanks!
What do you find about Math.NET that isn't usable? I know several people that use it in production code to do things like symbolic math. To be honest though, I don't know of any other libraries that do it even as well as Math.NET.
I am not using persistent sessions.
Varkhan has the answer - upload via HTTP and do what you need done from CGI or similar script.
yes. going to update the question to clarify. thanks!
Brian, yeah, typo.  wc, reasonably sure, since it was working for me.  Might need to use rev instead of id.  But I was successfully using it in a product.
Please God, you won't.  Sadly, telnet raises the same issues -- like your password wandering about in your telnet session in cleartext.
gcc isn't really the defecto standard because of the vendor support for the other compilers.  I was hoping not to recreate something that exists.  I have contacted the author of the link for his permission to modify and distribute the one that is becoming aged.
Thanks, learned something - the difference between Property Pages (Shift-F4) and Properties (F4).
perigrin, thanks dude, i'll definitely check out the irc site when i can, cause my company prohibits irc from our work pc:(
It's important to know how the property value is defined and what's happening in its accessor methods. Are there retains and releases going on in there?
It seems you might be right. I changed the index.html page to something simple - and that works as expected, so somewhere where I can't find it there probably is a redirect
Thanks that would be  great.
If you put code to hide your static html directly after the static html in the page (and not inside a document ready handler) then it will not be rendered. You can then set it up with your other code, and then show it when it's all set up.
+1 on the note: You must always consider what you get and what you loose. If you only gain compaction of the code and you loose readability, then it does not compensate.
Using a backslash () will not work on most devices, instead you should use the forward slash () fir separating path names
There is still a small error. Now your solution produces surplus and incorrectly nested <td>s.
This sounds interesting, but I can't modify the SWF. 
This will only allow one delete of a 'Thingy3' you can't create it, delete it, create it again and then delete it again.
That is what I am using(WinpCap with WireShark) but the problem is not with capturing packets. The EndReceive() blocks because of which my thread blocks. I want to get out of the this blocking.
You can even remove the if when you use Filter on the Spans collection like this:
Short question aside: How will you ensure 1 if you want to ensure 6 at the same time?
Standard defiantly defines sizeof(char)=1, standard does not define sizeof(sizet)==sizeof(void) even it is common in practice, but it does define sizeof(intptrt)==sizeof(void) (but intptrt is not avalible for some compilers like VC++).
What do you mean by execute line to line?
I got it to work with out the parameters - but would still like to know how I would handle it should I require to pass parameters to the function attached to the event.
downvoters: please explain your downvotes, or they're pointless
Hi Oliver,
?  Is this sample code?  Because the compiler should do this for you.
The documentation says to include `<windows.h>` and this is definitely enough. Did you forget the argument when calling the function?
This is exactly what I'm looking for. Thank you! I knew the term scaffolding but completely forgot about it.
It has definitely been added correctly. I think I have narrowed down the problem though. I have DropDownList that I call the DataBind method on before I create the controls. When I remove that call to DataBind, everything works correctly. It's really weird.
I do too, but the question was what distinguishes them.
Thank you. :-) (I guess I could have used the iterating without recursion technique I learned from your answer in the question I linked).
Just to pick a nit, the database may still have to read multiple rows. It will just be able to stop when it finally reaches one that fits the criteria. It still has to read over any that fail the criteria until it gets to that one. Also, using EXISTS would give the same advantage and I believe that it would be ANSI compatible.
I'm almost willing to be this has been asked before, but my search mojo is not up to par today. Regardless, this is an excellent question that I also have interest in hearing from the other users.
edited to link the MSDN loband version.
You can't do this using DDD. DDD is the way you develop the domain model. The model is already there, so you can't develop it. You could use NHibernate to use the existing infrastructure, configuration and mapping definitions. for our CEO sound like a write once and throw away implementation. For that it does not matter. If it is a part you need to maintain, you really should use NHibernate because of the maintainability.
i tried setting this parameters but it doesnt work with the same code
I agree, the complexity of a problem solved using the wrong model will probably have more impact on performances than the actual efficiency of the underlying mechanism.
follow the link... :-)
Dan - reread the code - I cheack value for null. not self
Which IDE are you using?
You're going to assign that to an int?
Did one of the answers below solve your problem?  If so you should mark this question as answered.  I noticed that you have many questions out there with answers, but none have been flagged as answered.
Well, as long as the order confirmations are only going out to the customer, there shouldn't be a problem. I can't think of any situation in which you'd need to send an order confirmation to 500+ people.
These are native Access tables and not links to SQL Server?
You should really clean up this question.  Some code is out of the code blocks, or outright missing (where's the class declaration for Comment?)
devinb: That wasn't asked.
You should not need to use sudo for this. Just make sure you're running mysqldump from an account that has permission to write to the output folder, that seems to be what the error is.
two problems ... git clean -dfx kills the files you're ignoring and two, the files do need tracking, just not on the public branch.
Any luck getting this implemented? If you need any more clarification, please let me know.
The linked article has many of the same mistakes included in the first link you posted.
thanks that would do it, ill create a file write this data to it, and than use it, than delete it. should work fine :)
Well,I'm new here and as far as I knew,I made it more specific to Microsoft.Net.
not to nitpick, but what's wrong with all lowercase file names?
Jonathan: I wondered if that was the case, but it's been years since I did it seriously. Thx
I am using a generic list of my custom class as my GridView's data source
You can deploy application with PIA and haven't office installed. Office capability can not be used of course, but if you install office later, it will run ok.
Tomalak: this is done in the gnuplot shell, it has nothing to do with cmd.exe command-line parsing. (The same thing happens on Linux)
It could be manipulated if you allow it to be manipulated but there are plenty of solutions to resolve that. Create a function which has this in it, and then runningTotal is private to the function , and if this is the only responsability of the function, You should be safe from it mutating latter on.
I agree - it is very unlikly that this state will bring you into trouble. But to me it feels not right as a functional solution. It is just the 'standard iterative approach' wrapped in a single LINQ statement. There is nothing from the beauty of a recursive definition in a functional language.
no way worked out... there is no code in between, and I do get a correct frame rectangle. I even change the position of that frame successfully. But can't get that visibleRect.
I get the same...
You don't need to use platform-independent newlines when generating HTML.
cool - if any of the terms were confusing let me know and I'll try to hyper link to definitionsadd more info...
That's a little too simple I think, the views need models prepared that are completely different, which is why I think different controllers is appropriate. But what you're suggesting might be what I do just switching out your View()s with RedirectToRoute()s
Can I force google somehow to forget that it gave me this information?
Definitely on the removing lines of code.  That's a good point.
Nice tip. Just to add: When you do this with the default View() invocation, MVC will search for My-Action.aspx somewhere in the Views folder, not MyAction.aspx, unless you explicitly specify the original name.
I can open the raw socket using other options though.  Also, the error is about the protocol type (the last option, I called it ethernettype).
So a fast collecting table is simply a table with no indexes? Do I even need to use a primary key? Also when I create my tables it looks like everything is MyISAM already..
I would advise against using a tag name as a class or id, just for the sake of clarity.
When I use double quotes:
Thanks. I should add that I did finally find page which discusses making ActiveX objects without MFCATLetc
Can you not create a service account to perform authentication with? That account need not be able to interactively log-in. 
it worked!  you're a genius! :)
Should probably make this a WIKI since it's not strictly a programming question
If both users have the same password, this is the case, yes. If not, it shouldn't make a difference.
Will the DocumentRoot directive (in the vhost config section) work to forward to a subdirectory that's really a Location and not a physical file folder on the server?
Yes, I'd like to lock when reading, but this is what i can't do, or at least, NHibernate can't do it.
x86 only? Or does this work on all CPUs?
Just to be clear, you're providing the translations yourself?
Had checked all that, still no luck.
Hi Kent, 
Tried clearing the cookies, Different Browsers, Diff systems?
If your hacker has legitimate access (lets not sugar coat, maybe a disgruntled employee decides to fk things up) then you have very serious trust issues with the people you're allowing on the box.
result of my question can be found here http:www.codeproject.comKBvbCodeBehindSudoku.aspx , thanks!
If it has un-encoded (20) spaces in it, then it isn't a URL.  Stop lying to the computer.
http:www.boost.orgdoclibs1380dochtmlthreadtime.htmlthread.time.systemtime it also looks like the most current version of the library now uses components from boost::datetime to specify the duration.
I would tag this to indicate what class library you are using... WinForms or WPF.
you mean that they're less frequented regarding iphone than SO?
WiX is a great solution for this.  Thank you!
Where does your readline method come from? Do you define it?
unfortunately does not help, the program seems to be unable to open the document. is there some other code i may try?
No worries! I think this is great. I wouldn't have thought of doing it this way. I think I may need to specify other query parameters like cuisine etc, so I may have to index time intervals with each business.
Dan, sorry I didn't mention this fact before: The HyperLink is inside an <ItemTemplate> of a DataList - so the Hyperlink will be picking up different product attributes for each product.   As far as using a Literal instead, I'm fuzzy on your suggestion - just substitute the HyperLink with Literal and make the Literal1.text = someThingHereComingFromCodeBehind  ?
Reflects the long tradition of UNIX tools to treat characters and bytes as equal which only recently began to break down a little. Subversion is also a widely used tool which can't treat UTF-16 as text.
If you float something you can always use height: 1 to provide the same fix.
Marc Gravell - my apologies, you were right.  Sorry about the downvote; it's too late for me to undo... :(
It is very unpractical to write stackoverflow, ebay, youtube, or twitter in functional languages. All other types of applications are c..p that doesn't deserve any attention. That's why functional languages that solve shortest path, printed circuit optimization, image recognition and other theortical stuff are tought second.
dance2die, you could refactor the function a bit, too.
What do you mean by arbitrary code? Isn't the finest granularity that is achievable is at the function level?
Can't you configure the tool so that rules that do not serve a real purpose are not enforced?
I disagree. I have tried both and I like bison better (although I prefer ANTLR over both). The weird syntax needed to fit EBNF into C++ makes it very hard to read grammars.
That's kind of a monobit test. But still very short of a real test suite like the ones he mentioned (ok, ent doesn't count).
Thanks! Interesting idea--but I still need to set the ItemsSource property to a collection in the AlertViewModel to get the ListBox populated, and that disconnects the hyperlinks from the commands exposed by the AlertViewModel.
There's nothing wrong with  ...  style comments. The OCD types might even prefer a logical openclose to a comment (even when only on 1 line)
No dice.  Weird thing, it tells me the available free space in the file is negative 7gigs.  
Awesome explanation!  Thanks!
TStamper: yes, i understood, but this does not work.
Its really not clear what you are asking.
As your site, js and service live on different domain, I'm suspecting IE is doing some XSS protection, that in this case is harming a harmless and intentional cross-domain call. If that is the case, it might be very hard to get this approach working on each user's computer - is it possible for you to choose a different approach, which does not need session cookies for this particular part of the service?
Thanks Adam! - It would be cool to be able to control what Linq emits as well...
Actually, you know I think we're both right in a way. I'm so used to coping with the effects that I'd entirely forgotten the standard. I found a good explanation here http:www.quirksmode.orgcssbox.html
How anti-semantic of you!  =]
I don't believe so, no. Would love to be proven wrong! :)
ahh, gotcha. sorry for the misunderstanding. i don't even think gsub will do what you want, then, since that's screw up the 12:45. 
I get it now, thanks to pretty much a combination of many answers here. a and List a are NOTHING but types. And then when I type Cons 0 Nil, I'm providing two EXPLICIT values. Those 2 values get assigned to the 2 fields, end of story. I understand how the type inferencing carries over from field one to field 2, because C generics do the same thing (though I hear Haskell is better at it). Thanks.
But I'm passing the local stack by value and assigning it immediately to my static stack, so should the copy constructor get called for my static stack?
Yep. That worked perfectly. Thank you so much! You just resolved a major headache.
John These site have a lot of information but sometime I have found that it have another article, tips and technique that don't have on these site on other website. (may be I can't find it.)
jfclavette: I think he was using the bounding boxes as an easier-to-calculate first check for a potential collision before computing distances.
Well I know how to do defines, but virtualalloc and sbrk are not 100 equivalent functions.
Ruby: You point the gun at your foot and pull the trigger. By the time it gets to the floor, you are long gone.
Charlie Martin: I've looked into F and I like it. Mostly it reminds me of python, and that's not a bad thing. :)
Rex M: I guess i should. But those guys are flaky. I'll just i have my app ask my server how many connections i believe they allow instead.
Thanks for the reply. I know g++ -o fooexe  foo.o main.o, but my question was how can I correct this in makefile, so that it shows like g++ -o fooexe  foo.o main.o. Any idea?
Good answer, Nick. Hopefully you don't incur any downvotes from people who see <i> and go urgh! I think I'll go with <i> as it is used by Wikipedia and it seems to fit the bill. Thanks for the answer.
Daniel: If you specify your needs some more, you may find that an XSL transformation to change one attribute is a lot less difficult than you might think.
haha oh man, that'd be so messy.
Thanks. Oh no, it's all fine with my app. I just wondered if that would cause problems in situations where I move a lot more stuff, since Apple says that moving the center point is the way to go. Although I wouldn't like to think about calculating coordinates from the perspective of the center point. I guess you're right. Thanks.
I definitely agree with your second paragraph. I think one of the issues with my particular screen is that the 2 column format moves all the checkboxes away from the questions and that seems to lessen the effect of the users built-in mapping. (The mapping you refer to in paragraph 1).
AH ok, I thought it was in seconds.
Added some usage info.
I'd suggest that there's no added value in creating a fully external DSL if the only consumers will be C programmers. It really ends up being a waste of time in that case since programmers can easily interact with your internal DSL using Visual Studio.
I must admit, for our sites I actually use a minimised winform with embedded .NET browser control that read's a list of URL's from a txt file and requests each one into the browser
Ok, well with those caveats in place I'd say it's perfectly ok to use locking for locally contested resources :)
Oh, i see what you're saying about tracking users through their userid. I'll have to think about the implications of that one.
Yes, I already tried that several times. Of course there is more to my application, reading a CSV, logging to a file etc. I don't understand why it call's VerbosLog(...), but jumps over the call to Log() in body of VerboseLog().
Geez that's a lot of controversy.  As the original poster let me clear something up:  It was SFW-ed by an editor in Rev 2.  I disagreed with this but let it go, adding a disclaimer in Rev 3 saying that it -had been- SFW-ed.   It was reverted to NSFW and in Rev 6 -I- SFWed it because at the time it was in danger of being deleted from being offensive.  I would prefer the NSFW version because I think it's a better preservation of the bite of the ORIGINAL author (who wrote the code).
Yep - sure do .. and i had that.
+1 for AutoHotKey
Which filesystem do you use?
I downloaded the slim player files from http:musicplayer.sourceforge.net which I believe is a pretty popular flash mp3 player. The .as file is what was included with the other files, so if that has errors, I have no idea. I assume that it's coded correctly. Is it possible I'm not including the proper libraries or something?
like the way you think :)
Variable `storyid` is already global, as it was introduced here without the `var` statement.
That's precisely what I'm trying to avoid having to do :) It just feels like a cut 'n paste disaster waiting to happen!
John - yes exactly so, but in this case I have to question it since both an undefined and a null value would be caught by a simple item != undefined
A better question would have been to ask for links to studies providing stats on VCS usage. The question you asked is just generating opinions, I'm afraid.
You can then generalise outside of that range by adding multiples of 2  to those results
I agree that he picked the worst number where the result is undefined, but the accuracy problem remains.
This should probably be community wiki.
Not really, being private doesn't have any relation with static. In fact, given it is there just for the lock, it should be private. You want the locks to take place inside the implementation of the class, so there is no point in exposing that to the outside world. In the loading examples, you want the lock to be handled internally when you call a static property like: MyClass.Current. It is the implementation of Current that uses the lock to make sure it doesn't loads the instance twice.
Can you recommend one technology over the other? Also can you recommend a place to learn about it?
Confirmed working as well
veefu, I agree but I'm struggling to think of a language which 1) has actual support for interfaces and 2) supports a constructor on such type.
Thanks, forgot to add the part about having to update the value.
What I'm actually writing is &amp; and <![CDATA[&]] >, but the text editor automatically formats it.
Heh, heh. Was thinking about my previous comment about raising CanExecuteChanged for that command only. That will only be possible if a separate list of event handlers is maintained. I'm still pondering whether that's a good idea or not.
yeah but the question was not how do I prevent a sql injection attack. It was why am i getting this error.
Totally agreed on the .NET 2.0 vs 3.5 point over VBC switch.
Well if they dont do what you want - maybe you are selecting the wrong product. If the spec says that something must offer features and the implementators do this and you dont like any of them, why do you value the spec ?
I don't get it :)
Think so too. You should check your index
So, there was a java ee jar in one of the source path folders (verified that javax.jms was in there using jar browser. However, netbeans still failed to see it.
With some providers, the IP address assigned to your PC can change frequently. Services like DynDNS allow to access your PC using a host name (e.g. myname.dyndns.com) that stays the same, even if the IP address changes.
When I have to go back to C it is painful, and certainly not much more elegant (if at all).   C has exactly 2 syntax features I would like to have in VB9, and is missing all the niceness I have.  VB9 converted me.
No worries... Glad you've found a useful answer anyway.
Not at all ;).  I share Paolo's opinion that this is what the site is for.
The structs DiLascia wraps are part of the Windows SDK if I'm not mistaken, but the technique can be used on any POD struct - it's not tied to MFC, ATL, or Windows. The DiLascia article is about working with some MFC widget - it's not about wrapping the structs in a class that inits them. Wrapping the structs is just a techinque he uses and mentions in passing in the article.
Good question, sorry I should have explained.  It's polymorphic so taggableid refers to any model which can have tags.  In this case it could be called pageid since only my pages have tags, but they made it polymorphic so any model can have tags.
Can you clarify what you're asking? Like, sorting files in Windows Explorer?
Just completed my answer with some DiffMerge specific elements, as requested.
Well, I check for that with the if(str) line - and since I'm reversing in place, I only have to worry about the input.
The reason I care for is because the application would be running in a sandbox environment, and won't have access to system registry or the system environment variables.
No, the kernel nor the sockets API will not handle this for you automatically. If you could post some code that would be helpful as people program sockets differently. Basically, one approach is to inspect each interface and determine if it is using a non-Internet-routable IP addres. Alternatively, you could send through all interfaces.
Hi, i first one itself - you ask to fetch from XML only, but i need the data's dynamically from database.
I edited the post and described the method a little more.
Could you please provide some example code?
Well, that's interesting: I found that argument in several answers that someone else put more time into something than I could have.
I mean when the end of the loop starts again on the top, the previously created queue and thread are not referenced any more.
Most of the fancy 'true' implementation is POD. Still ridiculous.
i agree. the number format has to respect the current culture of the computer whilst the currency symbol represents any currency. the solution proposed is not viable.
Ahhh, fair enough. My mistake sorry.
And I may not have the chance to use events when the targetted portlet is not written by me
Probably because the OP didn't find it! ;-)
On windows, you could probably just copy cmsmedia to your media admin folder as cms. For example, if your media directory is c:fooprojectmedia, you need to make the path to your cms specific media c:fooprojectmediaadmincms
Also, don't forget that there is a ControllerContext as well on the controller that includes MVC specific information like the RouteData collection.
From the way I understand it, you can link code under any license to CDDL code.
No, essentially, you are building an array of `double[]` objects. Those objects are totally unrelated to the original array.
Is this an okay thing to do in MVC? I'm not saying you're wrong, I'm just interested to know.
+1 for a great bit of housekeeping
On StackOverflow, please add comments to answers, rather than creating another answer.
I was curious, and while learning Java I learn to hate case sensitive languages.
It basically had a giant DisplayNode() switch case on the type of XMLNode scanned... with the specific case block with a TODO Inside it :) Issue with the tool it is.
You're welcome :)
Great, thanks very much!
Do you mean a company named Persists?
Oh, sorry... try not attaching the jQuery and validation plugin files to 'page1.html'. While I highly doubt double-including the scripts will cause a problem, it's worth trying I guess.
poindexter glibc does NOT have a std::string implementation. it's in libstdc++ from gcc.
well, I'm curious...
Thanks, Matt. This makes sense I just need some verification that it's not overdone.
While this is functional, just be aware that value is only 0 because the default value for the int type is 0. From a defensive coding perspective, this sacrifices readability (and potentially maintainability) for succinctness. I'd stick with what you have, to be honest.
No, there should be no impact. Extension methods are just syntactic sugar that becomes a call to the static function on your static class and passes in your referenced instance as the 'this' parameter. Performance should be no different at runtime than if you had done this as a normal static function and passed in the instance yourself.
thanks!  That worked right out of the box!  I'm new to both python and mechanize - i wasn't sure where to read for this.  Thanks a bunch!
There are many good answers, but I selected yours because you addressed not only my question but also the question that caused me to wonder what a code cave is.  (To the folks not selected as the answer who still gave good answers ... I voted up several good answers.  Thank you!)
Removing the pragma doesn't change anything.
Oh thanks Andy.  That's what I get for just going from memory and not checking the docs :)
That sounds like an interesting alternative. Have you seen an implementation or an example somewhere?
Cipher, why do you think greediness is a problem? Assuming the match starts at the beginning of a valid HTML tag, it will never extend beyond the end of that tag. That's what the [^>] is for.
You were correct - this did get rid of the Exception on URLEncode. However, now PayPal is giving me an invalid response. They are such a pain...
Where did I mention that I wanted a grid-based design?
Perfect, this also answers my concern of how do I uncouple the Data and DataWidget classes!
I don't have an id column, but my key is a microtimestamp. I just swapped in the timestamp column name and this query returns zero results for some reason. :
So, what's the actual question?
My xampp Application status shows both apache and mysql state 1 start 1 service 1 
Dictionary<string, string> makes more sense. Read the XML then throw it away. Although if your object data can't be entirely represented by a set of keyvalue pairs then you'll need some other way of storing an object archetype.
I would suggest you only need Code Complete 2 its a revision of the original Code Complete. It presents the concepts in the context of modern languages we use today.
I did check that because initially, I did have the MailMessage being disposed in the finally block.  Unfortunately, the AlternateViews aren't being disposed (at all now) and the MailMessage is disposed of at the end of the OnCompleted block.  The error occurs before it even gets to the MailMessage dispose call.  One thing that I am thinking of is that the GC is collecting the object too quick...  not sure if that's possible though.
Please post some example data and command copied and pasted from the actual files and commands you use to repro the problem.
I'm not seeing no errors whatsoever. The other thing is I can't even do a simple js function.  Sucks cause the author of the theme locked out his forum. Nigh...
Andreas - your understanding is wrong. Package protection kicks in here and messes things up, compile and run to see for yourself. Here are couple of links that explain similar behavior: http:gbracha.blogspot.com200903subsuming-packages-and-other-stories.html
foljs: No, I gave up before that. I was just interested in the language, but it seems to be a waste of time if it is limited that way.
Thanks for the other view on things
He says in his post, the threads would access different parts of the list. My answer had that in consideration
great read     +1
That is exactly is cjm. The keys I will access need to represent the data they hold. I have edited the original post to clarify what it is I am trying to do.
Using an img tag is a clever way to do this for html content but there's no reason to load an image (or any other arbitrary small resource) when you're implementing this in a Flash app. All you need to do is send a HTTP GET request with the required arguments when the widget gets loaded, and since you're already doing that in order to get the config XML, why not piggypack the tracking arguments with that request? (assuming, of course, that the XML file request is sent only when a widget loads)
Sorry, I misread your post. The goal is to inherit the new method so I do not have to repeat the code in all my child classes. How can I access the new method in the base class without coding it in the child class as you suggested.
There is now an excellent textbook for schoolteachers: http:htdp.org
IIRC, SQLite actually doesn't distinguish between int and float, it just has 'Number' - so whatever mapped the field probably just erred on the side of caution and made it a float.
womp meet humor. Humor meet womp. A lot of developers are not aware of SQL Injection. This is just a funny way of reminding people about it.
I still don't think that you can reverse it. & is not reversable like you said even if you & with a constant. Though I might be wrong, maybe testing an image[i] == 0xFFFFFFFF will mean that it met the condition so maybe you can glean something from that.
Some of the calls like popen create another process with stdin and stdout nicely configured.  It isn't quite replacing your process but it has the same effect.
I don't have an answer (yet?), but another question. :)  If I call haveColluded(Bob, Jane, Mary), and:
I would think from my own experience that unless you WRITE to the Console using Console.WriteWriteLine, there won't be any visible console at all. So yes, I guess, you should be able to have a completely invisible console app run at 1am in the morning :-)
can u tell me the process of making that script
Littlechris, it doesn't even fire the first time you load the website?
Don t use `eval` to parse the JSON data. Use `JSON.parse` instead.
Not sure, if S60 emulator is available, one could in theory. I know it's not on Linux ;).
Blair, shuffling the lines will be exactly as fast as shuffling the integers (a list is an array of pointers after all!) and your approach would incur the cost of an indirection which would no doubt make it slower than ngn's solution.  Storing a megabyte or two of text in memory (if the average line in input files is 50-100 bytes) is NOT a problem worth worrying about these days.
Why use make when bash has arrays and jobs can run in the background?
Thanks for the links!  The first one leads to a working solution (see the solution given by CompuBoy).
Okay, this is just what I need! Unfortunately, I'm getting this error on the second part of step 4 (.configure ...):
Thanks Neil. Gosh, it gets complicated!  I can see it's not so as easy as I had once hoped.
Wow, I didn't even realize I wasn't using the updated shell.  Thanks!
the arithmetic is done in int, which is guaranteed to be at least 16-bit long -- Can you provide a source on that?  I question it's validity...
the arithmetic is done in int: a result of integral promotion. [int] is guaranteed to be at least 16-bit long: guaranteed indirectly, INTMAX must be at least 32767 and INTMIN at most -32767 (see the section about limits.h in the standard).
Of course, on 2's complement machines, a conversion to an unsigned type will most likely follow modulo arithmetic even when the source is signed, so it'll behave as one would expect. :)
Not trying to be a jerk but I have seen this a couple of times. This answer doesn't answer the actual question posed. It is a good suggestion though. The question is about his method signatures not implementation. Would thnk that SO would want to keep these somewhat consistent.
thanks for correcting the title.. :)
Using that raw sql method  gives an error. I'm trying basically to connect to the db from a controller. Is that allowed?
The ProjectType entry that you have to remove is in the .csproj not the .sln. Does anyone know why this happens?
Or 'accessibility.js' ;)
Are you logged in as a user with administrative rights on the guest computer?
Looks like the solution is probably a bit too complex for what I want to deal with, and none of the resources I could find would deal with Flex SDK 3 - most deal with Flex 2 (including this bit-101 link) and even more AS2 instead of AS3. Thanks though!
Actually I think that XML is hard to parse. I also don't see it as a human readable format.
I really enjoy knowing internals of as3avm2. Thanks for sharing this!
Just to clarify, you d set the width and height of the container td, div, span or whatever to 50px to make this work.
Is LambdaProbe Tomcat-specific ?
do you mean a cross compiler of Python to C or embedding Python in C?
i am new around here and i am feeling ma way around
Not to split hairs, but the question says the interviewer, said No, when asked if he meant the difference between  implicit vs explicit interface implementation. Bad interviewers usually mean bad times at the job.
What is WAN traffic?
Interesting! How would you fill it?
it show error when i run it in IE6. What error are you seeing in IE6?
Would be severly different nowadays. Drive letters are associated with the user session; the desktop is associated with a WinStation.
Sorry John you're wrong about Explicit interface implementation doesn't necessarily mean that the methods implementing the interface are private read the linked doc in my answer specifically: It is a compile-time error for an explicit interface member implementation to include access modifiers and Because explicit interface member implementations are never accessible through their fully qualified name in a method invocation or a property access, they are in a sense private. However, since they can be accessed through an interface instance, they are in a sense also public.
I tried with IE6 and it takes roughly 5 seconds. My code using = wreq.Method = HEAD; takes 12.5. I'll assume its bc its using 2 threads. That data looks close enough.
Probably. That's why I left it up. I thought they were different enough to warrant keeping them as separate answers (depending on your needs).  I really would see about having them expand the year field to 4 digits.  I mean, come on, they are already using a verbose format (XML), just how much do they think they are saving by using only two digits for the year? But I understand if you are stuck using they schema.  Either way, these two things should help accomplish what you need.
I think Elijah put it right. This is not a problem of initilization order, but rather a sort of name clash.
Time to break it up into regular .NET classes instead of modules? Or more than one F module?
As I understand, I would need to make this a singleton class. I'm researching atm, but if anyone finds an example of how to do such a thing and use singleton classes, please let me know.
I like the thinking because it is very adaptable to different database platforms.  Ron Conery in a way has the same approach in his Kona Storefront, having in-line SQL just like this.
Ah, got it. Thanks :)
true, totally forgot that QList isn't a QObject! this can still be useful though, depending on the context of using that QList.
can you post a code sample?
I think you need a call to GetType() e.g. value.GetType().GetGenericArguments().Length > 0
But more briefly: they thought the nature of the app was such that users don't want to be interrupted.
Scottie T, well for one, it doesn't say in the warning message that result is not used. it just says value computed not used. it may aswell mean array[i]. For another, I would post the warning text from the start on, it would be the first i would do. Then, someone asked you for the compiler version and options used. you kept saying they are all secret. how do you think we should help you then effectively. Nevertheless, i think i will save my downvotes for other worse questions. cheers
You missed the point of my question. When I use show estimated exec plan it shows the plan for the ALTER, not the actual procedure.
Sorry i wasnt clear i meant run i meant run the stored procedure rather than run the alter. In a new window 
Agreed. It all depends on what you want to do with it. There could be legitimate uses for either method.
Thanks for the tip.
Does the code below not answer your question?
Please mark as code: dim q as new PriorityQueue(Of integer) q.Enque(1) q.Enque(2) msgbox(q.Count())
Yeah, I know that's the reason why the ListBox is not updated automatically. But it would be enough if I could update it manually..
it will do some minimal logging, it will log only pages and extents affected
I just looked at your post there - what kind of VS project are you using? IIRC, you need to build it as a multi-threaded console application.
Thanks, I just wanted a quick way to solve my problem and discontinue further misbehaviour. I will add to my question a simplified model of the solution.
if that's the case, I guess my only other question would be, is there a ruby method that already encapsulates this type of procedure?
I think anyway it's more important to find out why two overlays are created.  I can see them both being appended in firebug.  Also, since two overlays have opacity 50 I can actually see a difference in overlay bg colour
Ok great. This is the solution I wanted. Thanks.
Actually, if Google detects they're the same page, it will combine the pagerank, so it doesn't matter.
I would have to say that yes, it is a race condition.
Good call with the lookup table, that's the first thing I thought of as well.
I would agree, but I was a bit lazy and didn't want to get into the whole modifyable vs. non-modifyable lvalue thing. Another little wrinkle is that with enums you have less control over the types, which may matter in terms of overload selection (obviously a C++ issue only).  However, these 2 things are very much rare corner cases - 99.9 of the time using enums alone as the 'manifest constant' works great.  And you avoid pretty much all the problems inherent in preprocessor macros.
In that case, maybe an IHttpModule that buffers the output and does a searchreplace on it?  It's quite a hack to do it that way, and you'd have to make sure to use smart enough regular expressions so you don't widen any HTML attributes (just content), but in theory you should be able to do it.  Not clean, but well, you asked.
Wow, this program is sorely needed. Great!
I used to do that but lately I've started using Debug.Assert() - it does a very similar job but without the occasional headache caused by the debug executable having a slightly different code execution path than the release executable.
onedaywhen <shrug> I stand by my comment.
I don't post scriptlets anymore, loosely speaking. Its okay if you do. :)
Why not just use a different Collection type?
hi Matt, is this clickonce only available in the full version of visual studio 2005? or how do i get it? thanks & my bad if this sounds really dumb :P
If there is any closing paren within quotes, it will still be considered a closing paren.
Except wouldn't you normally put the 2>&1 before the >tmpout? (Mind, I actually don't have any clue, so feel free to ignore.)
so all you had to do was add this to my example :P
Ok added an edit with the query. I am only using 1 autocomplete box. The ID is actually not ever being used in the results it was added for later use and thus I have removed it in this edit. Sorry for the confusion.
That's a good point - I think we put that in to stop things like 192.1.004.1. Either that client's been very lucky or they stopped using our code due to bugs :-). I'll fix it.
These are definitely good answers, just not what I'm looking for.  I'm looking for a simple Powershell solution, and doubt it will even require very many lines of code.  I'll post the answer myself in time, a month or three, if someone else does not.  Most likely it will recognize and collect all methods arguments, and properties, per class, then make a second pass and list what calls what, just one level down.  Not looking for anything deep or complicated.  I create simple ERDs sort of like this in SQL, (this table.column references that table.column), very simple but quite useful.
LINQ queries return an IQueryable<T> by default. You mean LINQ to SQL or LINQ to Entities. LINQ to Objects uses IEnumerable.
Probably not  .
Of course, grails is not lightweight by any stretch of imagination - it uses Spring and a number of other frameworks in the background, but it (quite successfully) tries to take away the pain and the overhead of using them in the way described above.
of course. plus one.
gvim on windoze has the <C-S> mapped in mswin.vim by default, sourced from vimrc. Thank God we can customize :)
That will tell you if the LAN is available, but not if the WAN is (for example, if you're behind a NAT firewall)
Sorry, but I have never heard of such a setting where a parameter can't be passed in, even XSLT through a browser. Some more info from OP about his environment is most welcome. The whole culture thing still is a big mystery, after he explained it, so not much hope for a solution yet is there? :)
I wanted to find which rules do not apply due to unmatched selectors, not due to overriden rules. Dust-Me does it!
Not programming related. Please close
reset as in disable stop words, or as in change stop words?
Great answer. Thanks a lot. Just what I had in mind.
If you look at the source, you'll see even StackOverflow uses tables for layout in some places!!
i don't think so.
timeslots... oh wait, that is cloudcomputing ;)
Ja right, but i want to avoid having the .svn meta data and was hoping that git is able to use an svn repos as down stream master
Sorry, still cannot get the menu to display. Could you post any links to example code? Thanks.
I've added an explanation in the answer above, hope this helps.
Nothing special about it: http:github.comwoodenbricksnippletsblob2c13a6de0ae5c6cb752bbc37e2620e823e498c97snippletsoptions.py
They are a different type to single dimension arrays. A zero index single dimension array is a vector type while all other arrays are array type. So not syntax sugar.
+1, very good answer. Note that the return-by-value case is not as expensive as it sounds, because the compiler can eliminate most copies using the Return Value Optimisation (and all non-toy compilers implement this optimisation).
Here is the article about how CLR gets the zone evidence for the assembly:
AnthonyWJones: Good point -- you could go with that route, then you don't need the memory to buffer everything up before you send it.  It's more complicated to write, but code that saves memory usually is.
If you want to find the system-wide limit, look at the special file procsysfsfile-max .  You can also modify that.  However, I concur you should not be modifying these limits without great reason.  Building out (more machines) is better and usually cheaper than building up (trying to make a single machine do more).
Bingo... another component was loading its own jquery...
you can try these instructions, may be they can help http:blogs.atlassian.comdeveloper200904settingupjiraandconfluence.html
Winforms? Webforms? Wpf?
That's still O(n) for this quadlist thingie (faster but still proportional to n). It appears to me a better structure would be a balanced binary tree, which is O(log n) time complexity for search.
FYI, http:msdn.microsoft.comen-uslibraryxzf533w0(VS.71).aspx
Check you've a) actually saved the schema.ini file, b) saved it in the same folder as the Database in the SQL, c) actually named it schema.ini (your edit says scheme.ini), d) for me right now Year(Date) & Month(Date) & Day(Date) & .csv returns 2009428.csv (you seem to have CSV2009427.csv i.e. yesterday's date).
Unfortunately, the version of cpp running in my cygwin box does not understand the  operator as you describe it.
Stefano: but repeated incompetence and insolence should not be tolerated.  It's clearly not a one time thing in this situation.
Yes. You can then get the Referer from your Request.UrlReferrer.
The complexity will depend on the structure of the additional links - if they are spaced and maintained correctly, it can make search O(ln n), though I agree that if they are fixed in the amount of list they skip, it's just a better constant on O(n).
I think it's FMTONLY not FMTONLY
Anton Goglev: I was thinking about passing Console.WriteLine, but since it expects params object[], I was not able to use it for that case.
See also http:stackoverflow.comquestions795286what-does-do-in-c for the C++ version of this question (asked just yesterday, in fact).
Can you provide some details around howwhy the upgrade procedures failed for you?  Thanks!
Thanks, hvint. That did it. Also (after reading your comment) I realized that another way to fix it is to change the first line of my original code to this:
actually without the space the tr command does nothing
The down vote was not fair because the question is not clear enough.
No, drain does release the pool. There's no magic when it comes to autorelease pools and retain counts, they follow the same rules as any other object except they can't be retained or autoreleased (which wouldn't make much sense anyway).
Josh - Good point, updated the answer to reflect this.
Actually, no. The ListTemplateId is not a unique identifier as ListTemplateOwner is. ListTemplateOwner will have a value corresponding to a unique object (List) instance.
curiously enough, GCC seems to not remove any removed elements from the range [returnediterator, last) so i'm not sure how one should interpret the wording? Any idea?
in the end, i think it's just poor wording and i shouldn't have deleted my answer. elements after returnediterator just have some indeterminate value i think. sigh :( hehe
Niel & Gorpik suggested that there were too many implicit conversions happening and wrecking havoc.
I use Spring's transaction management, so I'm not sure if committing the transaction works or if you should create a new Session off the top of my head. It should clear the first-level cache however.
Well, I recommend you repost this question, but leave out the unrelated part. You have to have been responsible for opening the window, and then data access occurs through special properties on the window or document object (I can't remember which one) You might try to explain what you are trying to accomplish as well, and I'm sure you will get your answer quite quickly.
Python runs perfectly fine in cgi, once you take into account the overhead of the interpreter startup on each request. Granted, I wouldn't run a modern website with it, but it does work.
Hi Jeff, thanks for your response.  I tried something like that but the problem I was having was that if the user just chose one or two of the options it would not filter.  Any ideas to handle this case?  Thanks!
I can't speak to Django because I have no experience with it. But I would recommend Rails for such a site. You could definitely build a secure site which would handle lots of traffic.
Paolo: No worries - i'm glad i got to see it.
However, If the form has other input fields, you may fire the validation when the user enters another input box. While not ideal, it may be the only way.
That wouldn't preclude them from putting a foreach method on IEnumerable
A copy of Mono: A developers notebook was all I needed to dive into mono development on Debian a few years ago.  Suspect the book may be a bit out of date now though.
Maybe you should post it...
If I were him, I'd break the coder who wrote the 43 page function into smaller parts!  :-)
Click update, did you manage to get it to work? I would love to hear your solution as I'm kind of in the same situation you mentioned in your question.
Why do you need a loop? Wouldn't killing it once mean it is no longer busy?
It wasn't there when I posted this. My question stands.
Client Application Services are for WinForms apps
Also a Guid is just in-practice unique, in theory if you kept on generating Guids eventually you would get duplicates.
That`s the effect i need, but... I wanted that to be more generic.
I added a third edit, which I think does the tally more like you wanted...
How does JSON handle different character encodings (as XML does). Is there an implicit character encoding in a JSON representation ?
http:msdn.microsoft.comen-uslibrarysystem.net.mail.smtpclient.enablessl.aspx suggests that STARTTLS is the default if SmtpClient.EnableSsl == true
There is a race condition here because process enumeration cannot be atomic. This is why a mutex is a good idea.
It looks like it is the euro sign
Thanks Jeach! This works indeed for the default L&F (Metal). But on Windows, with the system L&F, it still does not want to work...
that looks good! Thanks so much.
Log4J does something similar as well
Indeed. WHen performance is an issue, what python is good at is binding together high performance external modules, or prototyping the system and then allowing the bottlenecks (usually deep in an inner loop) to be rewritten as a C module etc.
You're right, so why didn't you change the 16 to 32 ? Another thing, I think all of us thought that the OP meant that brackets are valid separators. ;-) +1
Okay - I've tried casting MinValue, MaxValue and value to IComparable.  
I like this but you're right, for my particular situation it's overkill. Neat solution though.
(Sorry, I didn't realized how long was my above comment -- here is the continuation)
Marc: Thanks, corrected.
litb: You are exactly right, assuming the compiler is of recent enough vintage to support uint16t and so on.  On a 16 bit architecture, this may or may not be the case.
+1 for pydispatcher and its kin. It's simple to use and was designed for solving exactly the situation you're described. It decouples the objects in a way allowing you to hook up Operators inside other containers as well, if you need that
Added to my answer some stuff about sql-type.
Thanks a lot!!!
I think part of the problem is, that I have to deal with 90 of translation problems because I'm working with the UI, while most other developers work with the backend that rarely involves translations.
http:www.joelonsoftware.comarticlesAardvarkSpec.html
Hi Chad, thanks for clearing that up, the example you showed is EXACTLY what I was trying to do. But I guess I can't do that. Thanks!
Naveen, this depends on your compiler settings.  They will be called if you enable ASYNC exception handling.
In your second example, singleList is an IEnumerable, not a List.
LogExpert: very good choice :)
Apple specifically mention the latter method themselves: http:developer.apple.comdocumentationCocoaConceptualStringsArticlesformatSpecifiers.htmlapplerefdocuidTP40004265-SW1
use WCFStorm (http:www.wcfstorm.com) It was made for testing WCF services and can handle netTcpBindings with ease.
It's a tough one, I hope you get an answer, this interests me as well.
What storage engine?
I would like to have it the way, that I can use the existing VisualStudio settings and save it as makefile? and use it under Linux. Is that possible?
That's exactly what's going on. According to the Delphi helpfile, the .NET framework can only go up to double precision. Delphi uses Extended by default.
Today, I realize that .Net framework is very huge size. Because I don't know about ControlPaint class before. But I use only 3-party image processing(like AForge.net). Thanks.
Can you elaborate a little? Some relevant code would be nice.
assuming the commission rate level increased at referral number 1 and 2 -- wouldn't you need some data in your database to determine WHEN the rate increases? With the data you've presented now, I think this cannot be solved.
Skizz, while that is correct, Brian already addressed this - that because there is no equivalent machine code the performance will be horrible by comparison.
Your beats function is a little clunky... why not just return (a,b) in ((PAPER, ROCK), (SCISSORS, PAPER), (SCISSORS, ROCK))?
What's an appropriate caching header for an MP3 file? In the flash code I get this file via a URL request - how would I then reference it once it was cached?
Your third bullet point is critical.  Let developers make changes to the production code without going through the VCS and the fun will never end.  It's arguably worse than having no VCS at all, since you will fall into the trap of thinking that the checked-in version is relevant.  I speak from experience.
It is not what I'm looking for :).
According to http:java.sun.comj2se1.5.0docsapijavautilArrayList.html, ArrayList does not implement Queue.
Or install .NET 3.5 SP1
I am only saying it so you won't think I copy answers
Yeah it is not mentioned in the wikipedia article either. I suspect this is wishful thinking
Yeah -- I agree with you and Fredrik.  If you could dig up those references, I'd certainly be grateful.  Thanks!
Please tell me, if it's not too much to ask, how do I limit a textfield's size using it?
I tried doing as Stefan recommends using the many to one mapping as shown in examples below...then populating the tables and it still fails to populate the SupportTicketCategory property.
I never build JARs within Eclipse, even on Java projects.  It's not a matter of not trusting the IDE...actually, yes it is.  My opinion: if your project is serious enough to merit a JAR, it's serious enough to merit a proper build system.  It takes four short lines to create a Buildr build script to handle all of your Scala build needs (including JARing), so why not get it out of the way?
Using datedefaulttimezoneset('UTC'); is a great way to do it. Be aware in the case of you needing other dates on your page, it may cause side effects in accuracy of other dates. If you have no other dates on your page, ignore this comment. :-)
What work will you do in the else when more than one row is returned?
I would guess it works that way to allow easy access to the current working dir algorithm.
I don't have any internet connection, even dial-up
In general I agree with you, but it becomes an issue with things like validatesuniquenessof. It can't actually guarantee uniqueness because of multiple simultaneous processes.
From the TrueCrypt FAQ, The only way to recover your files is to try to crack the password or the key, but it could take thousands or millions of years depending on the length and quality of the passwordkeyfiles, on softwarehardware efficiency, and other factors.
I'm pretty sure that's what the gist link in my first sentence is.  If not, then no.  :(
Mike, your first example does NOT require raise. Any exceptions that aren't of type ECustomException will propagate to the next handler automatically. Simply omit the entire else section.
From the whitepaper:
Hmmm maybe. I'm going to read through that right now. But the instance where it worked, when I moved the file out of my app, it was still on the same server and same domain.
yes i used 
In all seriousness, i'm no where close to a genius but i'm not dumb either. And what may come as a surprise to you, my framework is MVC based. I'm deviating from the rules a little bit though because I think it's better the way i'm doing it. You can and have already helped me. We must be seeing things from different angles because I see beauty in this. Don't hate me for asking for ideas.
You need to show us some code. This is almost certainly something wrong with the way you're doing it.
Thanks for the heads up. We migrated robowiki.net to a new wiki last week and the old content is unreachable at the moment. I'll hurry up with making those old links work.
Could you tell which Emacs version do you use, and how do you open a file (with command, keystroke or menubar item)?
Wrong. integers use integer division, with an integer result.
Although the SpamBayes scripts are centred around email filtering, the tokenisation code is easily adapted to other text-classification, and the classifier can generally be left unchanged.  There's an example in the source distribution that demonstrates using the SpamBayes engine as a filtering proxy, which is a similar task to this.
True, they should mostly be avoided, but I have had several occasions where they have made a great contribution to the performance, so in some cases they should be considered.
I just want to separate the incorrect href attribute in the first out so that it becomes the correct href and title attributes. I don't mind how that happens :)
Hi, I was playing with my newly acquired knowledge, and I basically came to a more succinct version of the same: (pid = fork) ? Process.detach(pid) : exec(foo)
What exactly happens when it fails? Do you get an error message?
Thanks for posting the link. I used a Partial Request and followed http:blog.codeville.net20081014partial-requests-in-aspnet-mvc
That isn't a simple question... it would depend entirely on the unmanaged part of the system (not my specialist subject). I guess potentially it could, if there are CPU instructions to handle that data natively.
You mean that preventing the on-screen display of the link -- i.e. the moral equivalent of changing the font -- prevents it from being added to the History? That is too weird!
Yeah. For a while I was wondering why this wasn't a problem in Java with the classic public static final - it's because of the static.
Do you want to block all of the user interface, Like the entire page, or just data entry fields or other controls.
I don't only want it to happen onCellClick though. The current row whould be outlinedcolored at all times. This is what I'm trying to do...
The original question and the container concept does not make much sense to me. The Form class mentioned there inherits from MarshalByRefObject, so that using the container is mood. Also, if you use the Value peroperty of the container, it will just do the same as if you were using the object directly (that is, serialize the object if it is not MarshalByRefObject).
jrandomhacker: I think they help because sometimes the OP should rethink or reconsider his strategy, for his own good. Trying to program in one language with designs tailored for another one is not exactly the best idea. Lots of people have been producing great designs in C++ without worrying about interfaces.
what we do on our site, is that we have, depending on the clients language, the dedicated ISO encoding in request & response. because many of the clients do not understand UTF-16. that would also be a possibility.
What if I want x00 to be seen as the line end?
yes, i basically have form.php and upload.php. pk is passed to form.php from one page, and then i want it passed along with the file to upload.php, where both the filename and pk will be placed into a db record.
Sometimes minifying then gzipping achieves a worse result than doing just one of them. In fact, as madewulf tested, gzipping the plain CSS example file will give a bigger file than the original!
Thanks Kent, it does help. I'll have a look at the grid, as it seems easiest. I don't think I can add the controls to the collection, as it's being deserialized from an XML file.  
http:www.hanselman.comblogT4TextTemplateTransformationToolkitCodeGenerationBestKeptVisualStudioSecret.aspx
Unfortunately it isn't an ideal solution as it requires additional setup and configuration on the client's server - which is adding unwanted complexity. I think Option Two (above) is out, and I'm going down the path of Option One currently. If it doesn't work out, we'll probably have to resort to FTP.
If you are using conditional factories with more than just a fixed enum you then need to wrap with a tray catch instead of testing for null.  I think as long as it is documented either way works.   Maybe if you want to do throw an exception you may use assertions instead.  This is one of those places where religious debates begin.
Hmm, I got it..
I'm looking for something that makes it ridiculously simple to do nested controls, validation, and groupingsorting. Extra features are nice.
Well is it different in comments? <bla>
for (int i=lstSelectedColors.Items.Count-1; i >= 0; i--)  if ( lstSelectedColors.Items[i].Selected] )  lstSelectedColors.Items.Remove(lstSelectedColors.Items[i]);  
Dennis Palmers answer is more accurate: The x will only be evaluated once. So if you have x.Member.Property(index).Field += y, the whole thing in front of += is stored in between getting the old value and setting the new value.
See the answers to http:stackoverflow.comquestions240212what-is-the-difference-between-new-delete-and-malloc-free
+1 for actual research and test
This depends on how you generate the images. I've seen an article about an evolutionary algorithm approximating an image with a limited number of transparent closed bezier curves.
I don't really get the downvotes. It was a well-written question.
Thanks, Paolo. :) Really wanted to make sure I got a good answer, so asked a thorough question. Hope I didn't go too overboard.
C++ is an object-oriented language; C is not. Sure, you can do OOP in C, but it's ugly, hacky, and a pain to deal with. Similarly, you can write almost-C in C++, but then why are you using C++? So really, just use a global. There's no sense trying to disguise what you're doing by obfuscating it with a bunch of function-local static variables and pre-processor macros.
The Button is outside of the Custom Control that includes the validated controls - so that's not an option.   
so basically if a month doesn't have a level you want to insert a value for that month equal to what the previous month's level?
Mine didn't actually work correctly I figured out later, so I tried your example and it worked perfectly.  Thanks very much.
one of the greatest features of Linux as opposed to Windows IMHO is that you can do stuff to open files like moving, renaming, and even deleting and the apps that have them open will be oblivious.  You can even delete programs while they're running and they will continue to run fine (but once they exit, you can never get them back...)
the second example should be using calloc in C, it will do an overflow check: MyStruct p = calloc(count, sizeof(MyStruct));
I am loading XML, thats my only request, everything works fine as I am stepping through code, and as soon as I hit the resume button (F8) the app stops being just white and everything is back to normal, FF is just white (not responding) while I am stepping through code. Until now I thought it was like that for everyone.
OoOooo, now we're talking. :D
Re your edit that doesnt seem right - a validation framework that cant Handel dropdowns - and thus I have to rely on client side - manual replace - I hope there is a better way.
Dan  - The problem is that the value in the model has a correct value because a boolean must take on some value.  You could make the field a nullable boolean, but that seems to be breaking the model to fit the validation framework.  You could explicitly check that the field was supplied and set the model state manually, but why not just update the message?
That makes sense -- when OneWay=true, the Response is returned before your WebMethod is even kicked off.  Glad you figured it out.
I don't need to make an actual XML file, do I?  Can I just manually build the XML and pass it into the report?  Would I just pass an XmlDocument object as the DataSource?
That looks to be along the lines of what I need, however I need something based in flex
adding:
Hugues: Thanks for the tip!  I have added it to the list.
Your C++ looks OK.  Linker errors often imply a mistake in the build.  Will you post your Makefile?
Synchronized methods are always synchronized on this object.
If that was really all that happened, you should write it off as a failed business strategy - you clearly didn't identify your target market.
hmmm...vendor is not optional...you mean to use review.vendor in the form?
rpetrich: Thanks.  I put it in and it did indeed dump the output to the debugger's console, but the information that was dumped look more like System specific user defaults, including printer preferences, time zone prefs, etc...
The problem is a math and physics problem... the design of a simulation is a programming problem.
I am not sure what is so bleeding bad about this quesiton to get five downvotes and two upvotes... and it does suggest using math but my question stands at how you would design a simulation.
jeroen, thanks for the comment; I updated the function now ;-)
This is only because the Drupal developers took the time to code around any incompatibilities...
Thanks, and point taken on the d.
Unless I misunderstand your code, seal('100'), though always different, would always begin with 'JDEwM....  If I sent that number twice then the recipient might well notice and know it was another '100'.
Removed 'vb6' tag since question specifically asks about VBScript.
Jeez, don't get so testy Graphain.  I fixed my invalid code.  And nice catch, Phaedrus.  I rushed my answer.
my mind still thinks in SQL then i try to map it to LINQ
sambo99: I think I got this through my head now. There is a performance hit due to the struct overhead that is noticeable in my initial example due to the threads not doing much... NOT a scenario that is a good solution for readwrite locks. When such locks are appropriate, the hit is negligible. Been playing around with various scenarios, thanks for pointing me in the right direction.
ACTUALLY, I've read Robert Barnes' answer closely and he's right -- we shouldn't be including the outer subscript ([3]) in the type of sat. As it stands, to access an individual int with your (or my original) code, you would need to write e.g. sat[1][0][2][4] -- the second subscript, [0], is needed to select the first 3x5 array!
I just implemented the code and get the exact same error.
Thanks. I am on shared hosting. All these - Linux OS, Apache, MySQL, PHP - are supposed to be managed by the webhosting company. How do I ensure that the site does not get cracked. For the time being I am uploading the site all over again.
As far as the database is concerned, the transaction only begins when a connection to the database is obtained. If this isn't done until the storeData() method is called, then as far as the database is concerned, that's when the transaction starts. Before the connection is contained, the database isn't involved, and isn't informed.
Deviant: But yours run at O(n^2) and mine in O(n)  :)
Safari for windows? I don't have a Mac.
One thing though: depending on the data, this seems to sort it in descending order or sometimes in ascending order.  Any reason why?
i want to get sorting done by hibernate
perfect, thanks!
See, now that's what I'm interested in. :)
thanks for your quick reply...i started reading tutoria...
I couldn't find any rule. I finally setup a task to reset IIS ans SQLServer each night at 2 and that seems to do the trick... for now, but I assume that when the load will increase that may reappear. I'll probably contact Microsoft PSS then ...
Could you possibly elaborate? The question is fairly generic and currently the correct answer would be write it yourself based on your required needs?
Ellipsis is EVIL!  It only works for POD types and you loose type safety.
No, just trying to make sure people get the news to stop using d (at least in Perl 5.8 and 5.10).  And maybe if enough people find out, there will be enough pressure to get it fixed in 5.12.  U+1815 is just a handy you-will-never-want-to-match-this character.
Another question, I take 15 mins to study hmelyoff, but I did not find any start-up documents which describes the conceptsarchitecture of hmelyoff and a quick-start sample. All I find is list of sample code and API, they are not quite good for a beginner. Do you have any such kinds of documents to refer me to read? :-)
+1 for the correct implementation of GetHashCode, however I believe you shouldn't be throwing exception from Equals(object) - this implementation is also inconsistent: quad.Equals(null) throws NullReferenceException while quad.Equals((Quad)null) returns false :-).
Double the speed of the best CRC32 I could get my hands on :)
In other words, you may not be sure where the 'b' is going to end up, high order byte or low order.
Why do you think it would optimize the program? That is not its purpose.
It didn't behave well with the window managers of the time, for starters. It also had stability problems and inconsistent behaviors between Linux distros.
are you willing to make changes to the PKs on the old, new, andor both DBs?  How many tables are involved with the PK issue?  Can the PKs be different datatypes in different DBs or do they have to be the same?  It is easy to recommend use GUIDs, but if you have to make massive changes in both DBs to accomplish this, then is it really the best approach?
This really works?
Ok. Many thanks!
yes I wil be using webHttpBinding
You lose context this way. Sometimes validation rules change depending on what's happening in the business layer. I would suggest moving it up one layer (service layer?) in that case.
.NET Inflector is great, you can define rules, exceptions, uncommon pluralizations, non-countables such as fish and sheep etc etc.  Great library
This is the same as the candidate Boost.Log. Cheers! ;-)
Mehrdad: Yeah, just realised that as I posted. Fixed now. :)
Thanks for the input, but when I remove that, I still get a long string of that character.  22 in total.  It seems like selenium might be trouble with the looping?
Anyway guys, these stuff doesn't really add much value. I just submitted the answer to clarify the signed right shift fact which is really important to know when doing bitwise operations.
Not even quick and dirty, the rowfactory hook would be the sanest way to do this per-connection. Mind you, at least the builtin sqlite3 module already comes with a suitable row factory: sqlite3.Row [ http:docs.python.orglibrarysqlite3.htmlrow-objects ]
+1 Good question, good answer.
nice answer!....
No, its not the same. If you include your path in just browse path, it want compile.
Why wouuld they move from what he put?  It sounds good to have exclusive control  How else would you keep from writing over each other? (just trying to understand.)
Why on Earth would the flag need to be global?
I'm also looking for a good password management system, but I can't trust a site that won't let me see their privacy policy or terms of service. I went as far as creating a packing key, but when it asked me to confirm that I've read and agreed to their terms of serviceprivacy policy, I tried clicking on the link. Each time it just logged me out and sent me to their login page. So either their programmers are incompetent, or the company has something to hide. I won't agree to a contract that I can't read, and I would advise others not to either.
This is what I want to happen, I just don't want to have to sprinkle the try finally parts throughout the code.
Another question, given the use of Fluent, how would you go about generating your database?  Fluent only resolves the mapping issue.
Requires the type at compile time. Same issue.
Hmm - the debug heap's hiding the corruption? Now that's bad luck...
JQuery is another very good alternative to hand-rolled code.
What is the error you got?
this isn't considered a leaky abstraction?
>edit: without increment and shorter:- THIS WORKS!!! YEEEEHA!11 THANKS FOR YOU, JZ! THIS SITE ROCKS!!
Jet is a real database. Please stop saying such stupid things.
i want to user to add rows to the table so that she can enter fields, of which one will be a dropdownlist
I've updated the answer with a link to the sql profiler in mysql it may help, although it looks like you have to issue the command to enable profiling from the session you want to profile, so you might have to get EF to do that with a manual query. Also see http:stackoverflow.comquestions20263is-there-a-profiler-equivalent-for-mysql for other methods.
Its a little complicated (for me at least) as the contents of the ratings div are being filled in by a js-kit javascript function and so are not available at design time. The div is empty (to start) and looks like this:
Yes, I understood what Nick was saying. Thanks.
Sad that that is the best answer.
pts; Peter is using an MVC framework of some kind, take a look at index.php in that URL.
Yeah - if the architect wants people out of version control, switching to a different version control won't help... (switching architect types might, though - JK ;) [sort of] )  I'd be more worried about why there is just a single person trying to monopolize the source control.
If you read the quote above, it says it's constant-time assuming the hash function disperses the elements properly among the buckets. From CS theory, hash tables have constant time operations when the hash function is good (which happens on average), but may take linear time in the worst case.
I think that's what I was looking for. Many thanks.
Without more data about what the submitter wants to do, this is probbaly the best idea.  Who knows, even a text file could work.  If the data is not large, or even fairly large, but not needing relations, flat files cab be great.
Ok, I've managed to get my www.mysite.com going.  I'm trying to get just http:mysite.com going now.  I'm trying to follow the dyndns instructions in the link you provided, but I'm not exactly sure how that fits into the big picture.
quoo thank you very much . it's information more useful to me
Do you mean opening the file using the flag 0x8000 in a1? Besides trying that, I'm not sure what else you could mean, and I've attempted that already. Thanks though
If you don't implement comparable, you don't fit the requirements for <T extends Comparable<T>>.  Without comparison, a binary search is meaningless.
First, I commend you on your use of the word obliterated.  It is one of my favorites.
What's wrong with the enhanced for loop??
But it doesn't copy the check box contents.
oracle has many tools for the UI for all platforms. It is just that the command line affords you so much power to fit your specific needs, rather than a UI that is confined.  If you learn shell scripting or Perl, you will find many administration things can easily be done.  good luck.
I think this question should be closed , being a dublicate of Is there an equivalent to phpinfo() in ASP.NET?
This answer is not true. See Adrian's anwer for a correct one, going in the same direction.
You are indeed both correct. I know this and use it in this way I need to double check things before I reply in future! :-)
+1. Using a named variable for the stream is the most sensible workaround (even though it feels somewhat inelegant...) And your reasoning about different conversions for the second case sounds plausible to me.
I don't think the users will need to know anything except for the fact that they need to update their passwords -- which is a good thing to do IMO. And also, the old passwords -- they are a bomb ticks away from a blast.
And other people disagree that the Earth is round, insisting that it's flat instead: that doesn't mean that the Earth's shape is about opinions, it just confirms that people are quite willing to ignore facts where they conflict with their cherished prejudices.
I find that using Raize components simplifies my coding and makes my applications visually consistent.  Ray has thought through almost everything, and his support on the raize.public.rzcomps.support newsgroup is outstanding - I read everything he writes in that newsgroup because his coding practice is so clean.  His source code is worth reading for the same reason.
simple solution: Require longer passwords.
All authentication to the intranet is done with Windows Authentication. I am referring to Intranet apps and none of your points strongly suggest why I cannot use Winform for Intranet
I saw your response after I posted my own answer. Thanks for the links though. I've also updated my question to reflect the BSD version number.
++decent answer.
Nevermind about that last question. I do believe I understand now. The first declaration converts seconds into days. The second declaration happens after the form is resubmitted and takes the value of the form and converts it back to seconds. Am I right?
Perl or Boing are not camel-cased because they are not compound words.
Oh I will be creating a function later on, just fleshing it out at present, thanks
Close. I used 
AdamRalph, sorry for not being clear. My application should resemble Nodepad rather than Excel. In Excel you can have several windows open, but in Notepad every time you click to open a doc, the previous one gets closed . Hope this is clear, if its not, I am not sure how else I could explain it. Hence, MDI doesn't make sense for me, as MDI is: Multiple-document interface (MDI) applications allow you to display multiple documents at the same time, with each document displayed in its own window
Meaning putting Utah or aUtah is easier than putting 5 in the sort order column because the alpha value doesn't relate to anything else so can be directly inserted with no dependencies on other values like a numeric sort order would have.
So.... what does it output that's wrong??
I've heard some people say that it may not survive the Oracle takeover. Don't know if there is any truth to that, but it certainly makes me hesitant to pick up the framework. Then again, isn't it open source?
Great answer man! I took a look on String.java source code and it's right, 'count' is the int variable who returns the length of the char array, and the char array is stored on the 'value' variable (as char [ ]) It means that the String size could be around 2GB. Of course there could be limitations to allocate such memory size. Thanks!
Sadly, the MS lib is only soso ... but getting much better. Here is the latest (beta) version http:www.microsoft.comdownloadsdetails.aspx?FamilyId=051ee83c-5ccf-48ed-8463-02f56a6bfc09&displaylang=en
Assuming Jon Skeet isn't doing the commits, that is.
I'll leave it out given the concern about homework. I don't really understand the point. I you thing this is a problem that the guy is not doing his homework, then don't post to get Rep. Otherwise do things properly and post everything so everyone else can learn. This is a community, and we shouldn't care of what the people do with their homework. Besides, why it is not bad if I'm asking a question for my own personal knowledge instead of a homework???
devrandom gets some of its input from user interaction (mousekeyboard) and from disk-access speed, both naturally affected phenomena. Without these inputs, devrandom outputs slowly (waiting for real random data)!
Your code is worse than not giving an answer its convoluted and confusing for a newbie. I cant believe it got as many votes as it did, considering its wrong.
Where is the code for MouseLeftButtonUp event?
+1, NEdit is my old favourite that I still use from time to time. Good things: starts quickly, small footprint, can easily handle very large text files that other editors would be choking on. Bad things: looks ugly out of the box on most distros, needs manual tweaking to get fonts etc. look nicer.
So the build script looks like a gcc style script. Note that it references a Modules subdirectory you will need for linking.
One advantage of wxwidgets is that you can statically link your application. This permit to have a smaller (exe + dll) application. For example I have a wxWidget program that take only 2Mo whereas QtGui4.dll that you have to distribute with your program take more than 11Mo.
He said WMI, so I assume he wants to script his drive to safely shutdown. I always though serverfault was a poor idea, some questions easily fall into both SO sites.
Did my suggestion convince u ?
I want f to call methods on the parameter depending on its type, so if the parameter is a C I want to call C.deliverTo(), but if the parameter is a B I want to call B.deliverTo(). Thank you.
Your're right, it should be removing non-digit not digit. I was thinking about the C function int isdigit(int) in <cctype>, maybe i should have written &::isdigit. In any case, using the template std::isdigit is better and safer.
This answer ought to work if they're using Apache. Without it... well, good luck. Deserves an up-vote anyway =p
BTW, congrats on being user 100,000!
I want to know if there's a theory that formalize the distributed computing, like the Queue Theory in network, not a program that do the work for me ;)
I'm sorry, it's the western digital brand of external hard drive.  I should have been more clear.
What you describe is a complex component consisting of several small sub-components. You will need a container (like Canvas) to start off with and add the other sub-components (like the name, logo etc) to this container.
DOK, thanks for your feedback, the other question was good as far as the how of my question, but I think my question covers more of the why and best practices of this issue.
The TopRight textboxes appear glued to the top-right corner of the form only if they are added while the form is not maximized. If I first maximize and add the textboxes the textboxes arrange themselves ingnoring the Anchor property completely.
I added to my answer at http:stackoverflow.comquestions815758simple-serial-point-to-point-communication-protocol815813815813 it should help you as well.
I got this error since yesterday, May 3rd.
That's the winner... thanks! (I had been focused on cleaning state on exit and never considered setting state on enter.)
Alex: This is also an option I am exploring.  With the computation and memory requirements of the applet, I'm not actually sure which would be a larger expense, the ~10MB bandwidth of a youtube quality video, or the computing power to recreate the user's interaction server-side.
This is great. Seems to be just what the asker needs.  Ambiguous names could have the gender guessed based on frequency of Male versus frequency of Female.
That's not right, Antonio, it may be missing some enterprise features but it's quite capable of making GUI Windows apps.
ok, but you should give a concrete example u know ..
Hmmm, let me think about it - I hope you can get it resolved!
What is with that guy's argument? I don't follow how not using the TAB character, and filling with hard-coded spaces instead, solves everyone's problems. That would make it impossible, for example, to be able to open a file and have the width of its indents appear according to your own preferences.
and a slightly shorter version would be as follows:
I'm using the MIPS And instruction, which is Bitwise.
marcog: Great thanks! I will :)
Sorry about that, will be more careful next time ;) Thank you.
Firebug also has rich debugging features, lets you debug under Firefox, is much smaller and less memory hungry than Visual Studio, and runs on platforms that are not Microsoft Windows.
Thanks, but beyond that?
baskin: Imagine that the CPU had a cached value of the memory which includes the area containing b. Even if it hadn't explicitly read before, would it definitely know that that wasn't valid to cache? I'm not sure - maybe, maybe not. I suspect that submitting a new task to an executor service creates an appropriate memory barrier though.
I have a view that contains a bunch of buttons.  I addView a new view with a few of its own buttons over the ones that were there.  All buttons work, including the ones between the first layer and the second (top) layer.  So I you should have no problems nesting buttons.
Please make community wiki - this is not a real question
The problems might have been due to the parametrization of hrRep, I posted a parametrized solution on employee only that seems to do the trick.
BTW. the scrollHeight property - IIRC - also isn't standard compliant, but is also supported by all common browsers. You can use offsetHeight or other properties instead, but scrollHeight gives best results
Maybe, but I wanted my code to be as clear and instructive as possible.  Also, I don't know what '&' does for negative integers in Java (at least not without googling), so I played it safe.
I'm actually Implementing IEnumerable<Tab> now... thanks for the input
auto-update for WCF services, ASP.NET MVC applications? How would that be appropriate? Auto-update (such as click-once) is applicable to client applications, not server based services!
My anti-virus is Nod32. At first, I disabled the anti-virus but it didn't solve my problem but by using your method my problem is solved. Thanks a million :)
I'm sort-of looking for a vm ;) .
I tried to pass the integer value 1 to the options parameter but the behavior is not changed. The parsing is stopped when an encoding error is found.
turned out a problem upgrading from 2005 ... puzzled - wiped it off and re-installed from scratch
it's not ascii it's ANSI which is windows-1252 I believe. python does not through any exceptions when i try and decode a uft-16le file using windows-1252.
I never thought of that.  Thank you!
Sorry, I don't understand the question.
Guess I need to learn to type slower if identical answers that come later are going to be the ones that get accepted ;)
Greg: No, it's not if you require proper Cookies AND the ip. It would only be unsafe if you used it as a single authentication factor.
Whoa -- don't change T for student in BinarySearchTree -- tpdi was just saying to think what happens when you call new BinarySearchTree<Student> - the compiler will plug in Student for T. Your declaration should still read public class BinarySearchTree<T extends Comparable<T>>.
Tess's labs rock.
Validate the e-mail address with a regular expression. Hash the password.
+1 Beat me, I'll delete my answer
Um, create a button and give it the caption Yes To All? I think you need to be a bit more specific.
Have you tried doing what your python script is doing through C? Does that work? I know, you said access works fine, but I just want to be sure.
I think the Managed Extensions were quite good, better than C++CLI. Unfortunately it added funny extensions and people didn't like that, so they put different extensions in (sigh) and broke the ability to consume managed resources natively (ie on the native heap without putting ^ everywhere). Herb's good, but I don't think he did such a good job with C++CLI.
Could you expand a bit on what you want to do with this data, once it's in the system?  Also, in an honest evaluation, how good are your developers?  There's wins to be had by using an existing codebase (be it Drupal or a flat-out framework) but 3-5wk might not be enough time to really learn a framework enough to see a net benefit.
Good suggestion,  Actually that was something I had a problem with earlier, but had found and fixed.  Thanks for the thought though.
Have you read A Design Rationale for C++CLI?
Updated to provide more information
Neither. As stated, I'm looking for specific development patterns. There has to be a more definitive list of development tactics that support and hinder this type of development vs. the old Waterfall methods.
As lassevk stated above, the limit on that method is 1000 rows.  You may want to look into the INSERT INTO tblName SELECT ... FROM otherTbl syntax, since what you're doing seems to come almost directly from another SQL statement.  There's no row limit on this.
Yes, we need a DNS server. I'm a Java developer so the Tomcat reference is just something I know well. Since Tomcat is well known in the Java world (Jetty and Resin being other well known options) I though the reference to a generally well known and used software package was appropriate. I am looking for a DNS option that is what Tomcat is to the Java world, thus the Tomcat equivalent.
d03boy: exactly. AddDays() will be exactly 24 hours later. In this case, at 00:00:00.0. If you want the very instant before that, subtract one tick.
Sorry, can't figure out how to post code. Can anyone read that?
Dammit, I was thinking about an HyperlinkButton, which exists in Silverlight, not WPF.
Jonik, honestly, who cares? At least it's programming related.
in a nutshell, his obj = MyClass(123123123); both copies and assigns (copy-assignment operator) :)
This is what I came up with, but was too slow to post it before you.
How is that confusing?
The true flag for md5 only exists in PHP5 or higher. In earlier versions you would need to call the pack function.
I ended up using the following statement:
It's not clear that it's technically legal, but I've done it in two apps now and not gotten any complaints.  Perhaps Apple is actually willing to be reasonable about something for once.  If not, there may be a way to use the copy already on the iPhone, but that seems susceptible to breaking if Apple removes the sound.
42, I can see my []'s were confusing the issue (especially since they mean something in MS-Access. I've reformatted my answer for clarity.
42, I've updated my answer for you.
GUIDs are not random
I'm making a function that returns any positive random x like the C standard library function. Yes, devurandom is better for most cases.
That is a cleaner way but I was not clever enough to think of it.
I don't get what you want to say. I just can't agree to your assumptions about my intentions.
Thanks! You just saved me a lot of frustration. Sorry for the slow response.
Thanks, I was actually binding the NSPopUpButton directly to the array without using an array controller, and thus had no way to display a specific property of the objects in the array. You made me realize that what I really needed to do was just add an Array Controller and then bind to the arrangedObjectsself.myKeyPathToDisplay value of the array controller
I'm not really sure what you mean by a 'vertical marquee'. Do you want text, for instance, to scroll vertically as one big block like movie credits that just endlessly loop (or wrap) or something? Like, say you had a block of text that was 100px high and 100px wide. And you had a marquee area of 200px... You would want this block of text to scroll down and then have the hidden parts magically wrap to the top and continue scrolling? If this is what you mean, let me know and I'll see what I can do to make that happen for ya.
mquander: IF someone is really bad at PHP, they might not understand what array(1,3,7) is... If they get to 11, they already got half of the answer ;)
Agreed. But if we're bit twiddling, it's usually because we're in a tight loop, where calling a function is cost-prohibitive.
It's absolutely true that none of the protection options will stop the most determined attacks. That doesn't translate to wasting your time. That's comparable to suggesting you not lock your car when you leave it because a skilled thief can break in. It's still an asset worth protecting and it's negligent not to try and protect it. There is a balance to be struck between protection and aggravating customers and making a minor investment in protecting against 99 of the script kiddies and attackers out there.
Removed unnecessary un-diplomatic phrasing to focus on the core question.
SirPsycho YouTube is in a very unusual position that their content is exceptionally compelling - users will jump through hoops to watch free videos that EVERYONE ELSE are watching. That is not the case for 99 of websites.
I would be lost without Process Explorer and Autoruns on any stranger's system, especially when I'm trying to fix their slow starting problems.
sweet! I didn't realize you could do that. I always thought set and select worked the same for assignment.
The hidden input field requieres a name attribute, because the id is not enough to pass it by post<br>
I wish I could mark this as an answer too. :( Thanks for the great information.  I was only going to do my own conjugation routines as a programming exercise and to better learn the core around japanese langauge.  If i get further into Japanese I will definitely take a look at a segmenter.
are u sure it uses Moq? Homepage for that link says: Built using TDD with the following tools:
There is no way to tell what you wantneed without more information.
you said:showing Thing C12 as the text instead of 2
Or because most script makes loading pages orders of magnitude slower, while at the same time providing no functional benefit.
I did it by mistake, and you can't retract!
Hi Buddy
Can this be used and submitted to the App Store?
he is accessing bytes, not lines - so no need to care about that.
How exactly are you creating the shortcuts?
I'm using Web Application, but , did you look at the C:Documents and SettingsUSERNAMEMy DocumentsVisual Studio 2005Projects directory for your .csproj file ?
IE6 shouldn't be the problem.  What is the error that you're getting?  
Quite the reverse - most queries become simpler in LINQ. The problem is that many people fail to properly learn LINQ and so they their transliterate their SQL queries into LINQ - and of course then you can only lose and never gain.
If Obj-C is anything like C, you should be able to do this:
They do, which is why it uses dashes instead of underscores since Google only uses a dash as a word delimiter.
Ahhh... Can't believe I missed that!  I'm blaming on on the long weekend. :)
I understand what you mean. I only suggest to take the easiest solution. A private property is very easy and doesn't hurt much. Messing around with interceptors is not easy at all.
That sounds like a good way to put it.  DI is more than just a strategy pattern.  I found the same confusion with AOP, where people think it is a factory pattern.  I think DI can implement the strategy pattern, so your rewording would appear to be fantastic. :)
Are you familiar with or have experience with any postal software that you mentioned?
It will exit edit mode when you press jj
Thanks for the link John
I have two divs inside of page. 
No, won't help with 32 bit code running on 64 bit enabled processor.
1) You wont get 'Term1', You'll get 'Term1' (the  is not part of the fragment)
i think it depends on what do you think a valid name is?
Huh. I'm vexed. In a previous project I queued a thread successfully in this fashion:
All the snippets tagged as widgets: http:www.djangosnippets.orgtagswidget
My answer would be to have a look in the PHP manual first to see if such function already exists. Otherwise a forforeach loop.
ipconfig all (at least on Vista) only displayed the MAC address from the registry.
Very nice!  I think I will probably use this approach.
Well, it's really not a language per se.  I've been thinking about it, and I'm almost positive that C Set was the product name for IBM's C compilers, and C Set2 was the OS2 specific product.  I used it to write device drivers for OS2, I'm almost positive.
Quite useful but still kinda not helping me so far :( I need some PHP specific advice
but fall back to a complete reload when it's not. Exactly
It does in fact look like it's impossible.
Unfortunately, it looks like in this case comparing the error message is unavoidable   pyparted doesn't appear to raise a more specific error.
+1. This problem of changing Strings  making constantsenums is nothing specific to using Spring Security - a good practice no matter what.
Connecting to database as root, huge SQL injection vulnerability, delicious.
That is a bit of an apples to oranges comparision imho. In Flex you can't make (timeline) movies and animations at all. But both Flex and Flash allow you to develop applications.
Rhino is a really flexible framework, but the learning curve is steep.  If you're dealing with .Net 3.5, I would highly recommend Moq over Rhino.
Darn, was hoping for something easier.  Thanks anyways!
I didn't know it worked like that.  Cool stuff.  Although, I would imagine an update or delete wouldn't work as expected since those operations depend on an existing primary key.
You may have to publish your page as well.
I'm writing a basic chat program, and I need to notify the user that the other person closed the app.
Why not just do x = 11?
I think your answer will be best for me.  I haven't got it working with the query results page yet but I've done enough to know I'll eventually get it working.   But running out of time so I'll comment later on my progress.
I did try ping.exe (and the ping times are effectively zero) but I wasn't sure whether SQL Server itself might impose an overhead in receiving requests via the network. I'll just repeat here what I just in a downpage comment ... What I was hoping to find was a clientside tool which would watch the packets coming and going from SQL Server and determine how much time was spent 'on the network' . This may be too much to ask but it's what I was after ;-)
Thanks for the good pointers about checking in often and continuous integration.
For example, (in OCaml) adding 1,000,000 ints to a patricia tree is 6x slower than a hash table if you start from empty and 18x slower than a hash table if you reserve space for the number of elements before adding them.
it looks like a LOT of code duplication. That would be the first thing I would look into refactoring out.
Thanks for the info! The exception is thrown  in line 18706 of my sqlite.c file, I'll try and figure out how to fix this.
The other threads decide which object to lock by walking up to the door frame and locking whatever's there. I don't see any problem with the analogy :)
I reversed both conditions to test=count &gt;= i. Now it works without the number function. What's going on?
Changed the build type to content and it worked, will try out resource later
Do you get a specific error message? Or should 1 not be a constant but the result of a query from B?
it says syntax error near '1'.
Can you give some examples regarding how modules should be classified?
hi thanks for the reply. how difficult to convert lucene implementation to solr implementation?
or maybe use another free database.
Well its not impossible, just annoying! Since there are a lot of numeric types. This seems to be the best solution but I was wondering if there was a better way.
That's not garbage collection. Connect several objects such way that they have a cycle and they are never destroyed unless you break the cycle manually.
How would shifting a single division from the server to the client speed up a slow query?
Invalid example.
No, thank you, it's much faster. Using the XmlSerializer it takes 3mins 50 seconds for 20000 records.
Just for the record, was the browser the problem?
I simply want to cache most of the page for a week and other parts never at all.. So I take it from ~12 queries to 1 or 2 while ALL the functionality still remains.
I don't belive in is not going to work :) We are not using mock view.
That's comparable with the company I'm thinking of, then. It was a lot to do with the culture though - the senior developers were deliberately made very available, and common components were only black-box if the user wanted them to be. It was totally OK to propose detailed changes based on knowledge of the source, check the entire repository to see how easy it would be to push a compatibility-breaking change in a component, etc.
It seems like a good solution for type inference, but I did not see a macro that evaluates to, or a function that returns a string containing the type name. One could be added, though, seeing as how it uses central REGISTER() macros.
Visio removed this feature.  To use it, you have to use Visio for Enterprise Architects, released in 2003.
I'm using IBO 4.7. It fails at the TIBConnection.Connect, with error message Cannot open file ''''. The system cannot find the path specified. The Connect method is in a try..except - It crashes right out, never hitting my exception code. I've added an IBO tag to the question.
Steve, if I understand this would force me to hard code the sort order. It is possible to get some kind of dynamic result with Linq2Nhibernate or other way? If not how would you express the same mapping in fluent nhibernate?
Good question. It would be preferable to be able to check in and out through HTTP, because that would enable us to set up and maintain the server here and allow the vendor to check in remotely. Even so, a solution that only provides 2) would still be an improvement over what we have today.
Please format your code so it's readable.
Use the same names :)
You're right.  I'm missing the point.  You've defined best practice.   Your link defines the best practice.  Everyone says Salt and Hash.  What's your question?  What don't you like?  What can't you do?  What's broken?
so use an existing id near what you need and tunnel from there - something on that doc is fixed
Ah fantastic. I missed the r switch when reading the for documentation.
Yeah, looking at your two comments it looks like you're getting on the right track, you just need to name your arguments. I see that you have a 'success' handler, you may also want a 'failure' handler for troubleshooting. Firebug is definitely your friend when doing Ajax development. If you're already using Ext 3, and have to use a different browser, make sure to check out the new Debug component.
quick fix, lol, good one - IE6 is np-hard
Doesn't a scheduled task is that it requires the system to be logged on?
Saiyine: I really don't think so. You just have to have all the stakeholders in your project realize that it is not a 100 secure solution. Just because your door's lock can be picked does not mean that you should give up and leave your doors unlocked.
Good point, thanks.
when in sql land, think set based, work on sets of data, only loop as a very last resort.  You need to have the mindset of how can I get what I need as a group of rows and not iterate in loops like a program looping over variables.
so close...still off by 1 for 1 jan 2005...end interval gets set to dec 31, rather than jan 1 of the next year for 2008
It never gets to the MVC's ContollerAction method.  It errors before calling into the server.
The circular reference is the loop I was afraid of - for example, if an employee can see their manager, and the manager can see their subordinates, it gets into a state. However, you can enable the graph serialization mode of DataContractSerializer: http:chabster.blogspot.com200802wcf-cyclic-references-support.html or http:www.wearemappingyourdreams.comandrewViewEntry.aspx?intLogId=1&intLogEntryId=622
For CS projects, it's not necessary to keep separate projects, you can share them between 2005 and 2008
i have added the MS outlook 11.0 interop assembly...but what is the actual syntax for opening up a new email window?
Ummmm... because that code isn't in a unit test?  When you have a unit test, the code is run in isolation, outside of the browser.  For whatever reason, the DependencyObjects can't be constructed in this environment.  Any other code can execute, but DependencyObjects fail.  You really just need to try it out.  Create a silverlight project, create an NUnit test project using Graeme Bradbury's link, and write a test that creates a new SolidColorBrush.  It will fail.
What version of .NET are you targeting?
It's a wonderful method. Using that in conjunction with the objc API, you can build an auto-serializing class (so you can stop writing those cumbersome -initWithCoder: and -encodeWithCoder: methods)
shouldn't that be the sum of the masses of all the boxes above that bottom 1 ? 
So, (because I didn't explicitly say this) you should shouldn't be hashing twice, you should favour other methods that are specifically designed to limit the number of retries, rather than taxing the CPU to do it for you.
Hmm, nice, this does look simple... But just to make comparison easier, could you perhaps edit it to work exactly like the solutions by McDowell and me? :) I guess you would need to add a line or three.
Sweet Thanks. And for the window position i added +top:1 !important; so in IE i can specify the position of the popup div.
Cheers for fixing; I'll give it a +1 with that tweak ;-p
Interesting, Marc. I didn't know that. Thanks for pointing that out.
Ah, Skip! Thanks, I'll try it.
Then he needs to place that higher up.
1) Dependent on amount of users however one user will be contributing a lot of data. 2) The data will be many tiny items inserted frequently. 3) Yes the data possess uniform structure. 4) I don't know, I've never had to address scalability before, however I have a feeling with this project I might have to, probably 'vertically'. 5) lots of time :-), within reason of course.
a) 
Zifre -- then again, he couldn't ask the question immediately on SO: The private beta is open to any interested Stack Overflow users with reputation scores of 100 or higher  And FWIW I can't get in either for some reason.
thanks paul for ur comments...i tried code mentioned in MSDN link above, but no luck still...!
Maybe I am missing something, but I fail to understand how you can reasonably use a moving average to solve this problem. Once you have calculated your moving average for your trends, how do you know which trend is rising the fastest in comparison to the others? Could you add some more information about how this solves the initial problem asked. Thanks.
Thank you, this is exactly what I was looking for :)
Browsing through sinatra docs... looks very nice
Your code seems to have some problems.  In line 19, you declare line, but it is never used.  In line 20, motif is always '', since this never changed since its declaration. In line 43, you chain some elsifs, but what you really seem to want is `if (line =~ ^s or line =~ ^s or line =~ ^>)  next;  else  sequence.=line; ;`, or even better: `if (line =~ ^s(.)?^>)  next;  else  sequence .= line; ;`.  I don't know what the parentheses are supposed to do in `sub(matchpositions)...`.
I was using advanced find to search the inbox by date; I don't want to alter any of the e-mails in the inbox, but just to make a copy of the subject line and date received of each e-mail in an excel sheet.
Restricting POST will have absolutely NO effect on XSS. XSS is caused by not validating the data you receive from the client regardless if that data comes from GET or POST. This particular question is more about CSRF
Yes, you probably need to load the controls everytime, but is there really nothing in any of the controls that can be skipped if it's posting back and will be handled be a different control?
I updated the answer to include a delayed response after the child form submits. Try this out for yourself?
with an empty string (a blank might be construed as a space)
That is demonstrated in my example. You are on the right track.
I see. Do you know an approach I can take to achieve what I am after?
I'm not sure why you didn't get the exception, did you debug step through? If you don't you won't catch it. But yes, it's true 'Z' isn't supported, but if it's not then the Exception shouldn't tell me to use it.
the problem is that the pointers are to member variable in other objects.  I could make those into sharedptr too, but that might not be the most efficient way to do this.
No this is not what I asked for. I want all the column values for a single row, as the question code shows by using a fixed first index.
I have indices but only the Primary Key on each table as each of these has a unique ID (SKU, Product Code and Order ID)
Hi Cameron.  Do you think your technique here is somehow related to the problem I've described here: http:stackoverflow.comquestions833607wpf-why-do-contextmenu-items-work-for-listbox-but-not-itemscontrol  ...I'm not binding to a command, but I have a suspicion it's a related problem.
Yes, sorry for the lack of formatting
I think you mean t.join(30000) instead of t.wait(30000).
You might want to be more specific in your question then. Not quite sure what problem you are looking to solve. Remember that a pattern is not always the solution. If you think you have spaghetti code then refactoring it using basic OO principles to start with.
Thanks for the answer. I have obviously looked at HttpUnitServletUnit during my research, however I couldn't find any clear piece of documentation on how they run JSPs.
Will not necessarily help. All modern OSes cache disk access anyway, so after the first search the stuff will already be in RAM.
This one is better that the System.getProperty(user.name) example, becouse its very easy to trick the JVM to think there is a different user logged in.
Agree... see my comment above :)
I am using XP SP3. I tried re-installing MDAC but same result
Whoah, that is a lot of code for doing something so trivial.
twill is essentially a thin shell around the mechanize package.
Oh, right! Sorry. Then no, I don't want to select that. Sorry, I've been rather lax with my terminology - I only want to select the subgraphs that are downstream of the initial set of nodes.
I know, my code doesn't solve this. It's a sample of the bug(?). The cell's parent's background image is moved, even though the cell has no image.
marcs
the one true editor (emacs or vim) <- He, he
I just mean version control in a general sense.  I use SCM because it's widely understood, but I actually really dislike term configuration management.
poster - See the example I have edited in. This does work, so you must be doing something else wrong if this approach still gives you trouble. Give us more details if you still have issues.
I'm not restricting the length of my numerics; they're length 8 (64 bit) numbers.
I didn't know about that one, thanks!
No, I meant 1. ;-)
I am in fact running on a Swedish version of Windows Vista, but I did take that into account. I translated the error message so you guys would be able to read it... ;)
Just an FYI, System.Web.Mail has been deprecated and it is now recommended to use System.Net.Mail
What makes you think OS's are actively cycling while waiting for keyboard input?  What evidence do you have that keyboards do not generate interrupts?
Colin, like I said above, it's a practical solution, but you should be very careful to limit the impact of that practical decision. High coupling (if unmitigated) is like malignant cancer; if you're not careful, it can spread out and create maintainability problems throughout your system.
To make sure - Should I change something in the mapping for that to work?
Also, if it is not enough for the linker, I suppose I can try moving the implementation to the header file, but is there a way to point the linker to the cpp file?
I'm not sure what you mean by stall  If the continuous integration build fails an alert email is broadcast to the group.  In that case, the build is not automatically pushed to dev and is not available to be pushed to staging  live.  
If I didn't know what I was asking for, I wouldn't even have gotten a few correct answers. (such as EscapingBase64)
So, you can find a lot of information on the web about MVVM (Model-View-ViewModel)... just search for it.  It essentially makes the XAML a layer on top of everything else, and eliminates all (most of) your code-behind.  Your ViewModel implements INotifyPropertyChanged and is a representation of the UI (properties for Visibility, Enabled, Data, Commands, etc).  In this case, you create a view model that has everything you want in it... a bool for selected state, the text, possibly an enum for the group, etc.  Then, a small user control that binds to the ViewModel.
You are altering the created table to add constraints. Why would you want to do it any other way?
thanks Brian, I don't mean to drift off the topic too much
thanks for the thought but unfortunately no luck there
You definitely have a performance problem. I don't think that drawing gradients and quarters of circle should be that slow.
Yes. Much under utilized is the local functionality. Do not enforce a format on your user. Let the system decide the format all you have to do is make sure the locale is set correctly the stream will then work correctly. (+1)
doesn't handle negative numbers; in the EE realm here negative numbers do matter (voltage!)
But do you really want long? (I really want arbitrary bit integers, but that's another question.)
so it is possible to make extendable server application, that can be managed to add new and improve old functions, provided for clients?
It safeguards against the (nonsensical) multiple-row-retrieval problem and allows the ShippingRateID from the table to ever be retrieved.
Jon:  Exactly the point: The JVM bytecode != Java expression.  QED.  Java is not an interpreted language and never has been.
That page talks a lot about Win32, but not one bit about Linux, can you elaborate on how do this in Linux.
Thanks. However, I think changing the markup now would be a problem WRT backwards compatibility...
This is great from the standpoint of getting the user to the right place, but this is not the solution from an SEO standpoint.
I was kinda hoping for a standard function call
Grant: that would prevent x being a immutable reference, and immutability is a recommended use if no reason to do otherwise.
Just remember that this (or any other method) won't work cross domain because of security restrictions
The second version (with a bigger buffer, actually) took about two and a half hours to complete. And it does stop at 2147483647 like it should.
What do you mean by When I run the SQL code in query analyzer (not in an assembly) it runs quick.? Many perf issues can be tracked down to a specific bottleneck. Is your CPU pegged while you observe it to be slow? Do the CLR methods exercised by themselves (outside of the DB) perform at a different scale than it seems in the DB?
I agree absolutely that we are doing it wrong on this one.  It's what happens when a bunch of print people hire a web dev.  I have said to them hundreds of times that this is just wrong but they have the contract and I don't get paid for doing it right; I get paid for doing it like the ad exec says.
create a RequiresLogin page and inherit all login-required pages from that. Or just add it to the MasterPage if all child pages require this functionality..
I like your explanation - +1.  And I do agree that something is broken - I concluded it had to do with the way the DataTable I was working with was implemented.  I'm not proud of it, but I've gone around the issue with the help of AsEnumerable() as opposed to figuring out what's up with that DataTable (which I'd have to jump through quite a few political hoops to updatefix).
I'm sure you could write build scripts in PowerShell... but why would you? MSBuild is the way to go (for .Net solutions as least).
I will note that any program with void main() is undefined by the C and C++ Standards, and you have no reason to complain about anything it does.  Use int main() if you're going to discuss standardized behavior.
Jared - When management gets an idea in their head...
And yes, your conclusion that the definite assignment checking feature is there to help you catch the common bug of using a local before it is assigned is correct.
dont quote me on this but i think the reason children doesnt work is because it returns an array of elements.
I added some more information about how to do that.
What does efficient enough mean? Fast enough? In which case what speeds on what hardware? Or space efficient enough? In which case what storage have you got? Basically, your question as it stands cannot be answered sensibly.
There is no guarantee that an iterator is a pointer. In fact you can probably grantee that a std::list<>::iterator is not a pointer as it needs to do intelligent processing for all iterator operations (such as ++)
+1 just for having to deal with that problem!
str = implode('abc', array('1','2','3'));  str => 1abc2abc3
One suggestion I have is to use:
Wow, I never would have thought of that in a million years. Gotta love C++. Unfortunately, I tried your suggestion and I still have the same problem. :(
Ummm..jalf, I think the point is to demonstrate to newbies the foundations of Object Hierarchies in terms that are familiar to them. If you start with streams, you'll find that many people have no conceptual framework on which to build and thus you'll simply lose them. 
I am sending the data into an stored proc . The datatype is nvarchar. still it it saving as ???
I agree.. Edited it and made it a Community Wiki. :)
Thanks! This is it :)
that one is just showing off :-) but it's cool anyway
I'm not aware of any comparisons that are likely to be that helpful. At a high level both products can claim to have the features you want, but it's the details that make a difference - basically how well the model used by the platform for a particular feature fits how your organization works. It's not possible to cover that sort of thing in a generic document because the platform is so big and flexible and every organization uses it in a slightly different way.
How would I connect the windows? Because it didn't say anything about it in the Tutorial.
Thanks, its been awhile on my C++. member has been changed to a pointer.
Ah, Your first solution ( changing UInt64 to IntPtr) works
don't you use the phone in portrait when calling? for manual calls you do, but I guess if your app runs in landscape and is triggering a call it will be a bit jarring for the user to have the orientation flipped whilst dialing
Too late, but I don't think so: it's a programming related discussion which definitely exchanges facts, not (only) opinions.
Another problem that keeps this from working is that you'll have a Configuration instance but still the generated Properties.Settings class won't work.
Ok, refined it. See the new section.
Masi: can you clarify what you mean? gacrux's answer does exactly what you ask for (matches zero or more spaces). It does not match  characters, but it will match the zero spaces on either side of them (and any other characters).
The microchip book is about 8-bits PICs probably.
function validate()
It is possible to upgrade core modules from AS Perl 5.8.8 build 518 (released in January 2007). They also upgraded their CPAN build system in 2008, but I don't know exactly when.
TravisPUK: Travis, I modified my answer to accommodate your hash. The hash used to decrypt a user's private key SHOULD NOT BE STORED. Otherwise, anyone with access to the database can now decrypt any user's secrets. The modified answer distinguishes between the hash used to authenticate a user and the hash used to decrypt their private key.
I'm afraid I don't have any links -- that link you've found looks quite good in itself, and of course you can ask on StackOverflow if you need to address any specific stumbling blocks
You guys got it all wrong lol :)
If the DataSource is changing, Setting the DataSource to the new object should automatically update bound controls. If a bound property is changing.. you need INotifyPropertyChanged
Why truncate the table and reinsert the rows?
Imagine that mistake in your project! :)
Page methods are OK. But if only function of the server side is expose of services (in json format or other) and not rendering of UI, then WCF services would be a cleaner and more maintainable solution.
+1, this is pretty awesome if it works. (fixed the spelling of scroll) -- off to try it out.
I have used cygwin, and it did not work quite as well as the Linuxmac termital ;-)
Yes, I see your point. You're probably right that WebForms out of the box will not provide what you need, but then WebForms out of the box is hideous and should be avoided with a very big barge pole! Unless you have a specific requirement not to, I would recommend MVC over WebForms on most applications these days (thats not to say it always makes sense).
Hi, thanks for commenting. I have used the profiler previously but I can see now I was interpreting the output incorrectly. From the XML resource list it appears the two clients already have (X) locks and are in fact requesting (U) locks.
As this seems to be PythonSwig related you should provide more context.
Blankman: Not as long as you are interested in the items that are child of such a section.
Ehhh... not exactly a duplicate.  I really wasn't looking for the pythonic way to do it.  I was looking for the IronPythonic way of doing it - that is, using the .NET framework (or how to use the is keyword in IP.)
Languages with full reflection must carry more identifier info around.
Try using the GridView RowDataBound event to create your bindings to the row ID for your buttons instead as you won't be able to access that info in the RowCreated.
I know - but lots of people never use those algorithms. I think it's better for people to build a non-template version first, not inheriting from std::iterator, and then templatising it after they get everything working. Others may disagree, of course.
Appreciate the quick response. The generated value isn't a const; it needs to be generated at the time the method is called. I guess my question would be is loose-typing this way any cleaner than using a magic number? Doing it the way you suggest would mean I'd need to scrub the data to ensure I'm not being handed an illegal value (stringNumberMicrophone). At least using the magic number a developer would know the required data type. I would just think there must be a cleaner way to do this.
Good point.  I suppose similar errors could arise in C++ frameworks.
Submitted as feature request. Didn't receive an ID, but ifwhen I do, I'll add it here.
+1 for resource strings.  They are the cleanest way to handle this and make later translation using existing tools a breeze.
Adam, perfect. I think I have sucked enough of your brain matter on this topic and once again I really appreciate your help.
The link you provided is for .NET 3.5, not Silverlight.
erickson, you nailed it there.  Spring carries along a programming model that doesn't work with what I want to do.
If it's that bad, I'll have to consider the alternatives.  Bitronix confused the crap out of me when I tried to figure out how to USE it, so ... well, hence this question.
Fluent NHibernate mapping files? If so, I've had the same thought and am interested in the replies. Unfortunately, I think this requires partial classes.
OK, let me see if I understand ... You set up a DGP based on a particular DB with its schema.  At this point you have a project schema that (for now) matches your DB schema.  Later, you changed your DB schema, but the project schema is not updated with this.  It looks like you have two issues: your project schema is now out of date, and your DGP is out of date as well.  Even if you were to update (re-import) the project schema, you'd still have to update the DGP yourself from what I understand.
awesome, adding the second  worked, thanks.
David, it's a know problem and if you google it you will find plenty info on the Access problems... if you do have that, give it a try... create a SQL Express Database, import your access data into it, and check the times with the same call, execute one simple query and the biggest query you have and see the differences!
Then it sounds like youre setting the height in some parent element, e.g. the DIV, the TD, or the TR above that inner table.  When you say height=100 it will set the height to 100 of the parent.  Try either setting it through css as set height or setting the parent's height
I have confirmed with MS that the problem is with the templates, which where never meant to be installed on 64 Bit. They were meant to be part of the VseWSS extensions however someone didn't hit the right switch during the VS builds.
Trip If you use the click event, hide and show won't be called if the keyboard is used to change the selected option.
Actually the code above is Python 3. See http:docs.python.orgdevpy3klibraryfunctions.html?highlight=rangerange
Thanks for the info.  The first two roles didn't work for me, but SQLAgentOperatorRole does.  The only thing is that it has slightly more permissions than I would like.  Is there any way to create my own role that just has the permission to execute the job?
That seems to give me the same errors ... in some situations.  Doing it literally in irb works fine, but running my specs still blows up. Garr.
OK, so yes you would in practice use RSA to send a secret key. But if you generate RSA keys per session, you're back to the problem of knowing that it's YOUR server that you're talking to. If you just use a fixed key pair, you know it's your server (because you've presumably not given the private key to anyone else). Unless you really want to authenticate the clients (which is generally a bit difficult and pointless in practice), you only need the one key pair-- private key on server, public key to clients.
Good point.  As you say, you could avoid the problem of duplicate inserts by adding a unique constraint or index on the combination of the PERSONID and ILLNESSID in the SICKPEOPLE table.  At the momen I tend to favor not adding primary keys to tables like this because it helps make clear that it's not an entity.
Looks like a PHP syntax error, not a Youtube error...
I ended up going a similar route. Thanks for the comment.
That's what i was thinking, it seems like 6 of one half dozen of another.  Thank you for the help though.
I fixed the code; your search box was disappearing because what I told you to do caused a javascript error. Anyway, the search box has a class of qsinput, so I used that instead. Seemed to work for me.
MPMoviePlayerController only supports loading media via the standard NSURL methods. Your best bet is to add additional supported authentication types at the server, but as a last resort you could create a loopback HTTP server running on the device to proxy the data between NSURLConnection and the NTLM-authenticated server.
There is another question[1] with similar answers, but I was hoping for something easier.
window.document.documentElement.childNodes[1].childNodes[4]
Mitch, this is obviously homework (probably one of the only two places I would ever use bubble sort).
Good catch on ssizet.  Out of curiousity, does anyone know what (if any) warning level catches that with gcc?  -Wall -Wextra does not.
Your point about speed is incorrect. 0.5 is actually faster than sqrt.
Dev-Cpp's development has stalled and it is somewhat buggy.
Oh, I see. He launches it and then IE runs. Hmmm, there is a 32 and 64 bit Explorer as well. 64 bit in System32, 32 bit in SysWow64 (I think, I have a 64 bit machine at work, can't check here). I think there are seperate icons in the start menu too, but not certain.
Good to know - is there a bug forum for that so I can follow it's progress?
Thank you. So what you're saying is that by describing something with attributes and entities - i.e. things and things about things makes it an xml infoset? I refer you to original questions - then why even bother to define such a thing? What needs it?
gs is incorrect, instance variables starting with  are fine. Method names starting with , however, are reserved by Apple.
+1  Matthew, are you having a bad day or something?  The downvote tooltip says This answer is not helpful, doesn't mention relevance.  But this answer is both relevant and helpful to me.
IME, in most cases, people who resort to physical page descriptions are being lazy.  It's easier not to think and just to physically lay out the page.  It's just like regular programming.  You can write good code or you can write bad code.
Where would i enter this code, should I put it into a new class file and link it up to the text field?
How do you know it doesn't work? It certainly should do.
1 should be run once in a normal shell or as a daemon before you start any screen sessions. 2 is just an example of how to use 1 once 1 is set up.  3 is a Perl script, it cannot be sourced by a shell, it is a command, it is analogous to your zsh function, so you can use either one.  If you decide to use the Perl script you must make it executable with chmod a+x pbcopy and then put it somewhere in your PATH the is found before usrbinpbcopy (so it executes when you say pbcopy instead of usrbinpbcopy).  I think the zsh function is probably a cleaner solution.
The order is not predictable, but all responses are going to be handled serialized way, one after another. One response wins the race and the response handler gets called. if another response comes in while the first response handler is still running, the second response handler will have to wait until the first one exits.
Yes, but I want to omit the enclosing tag. Outer DIV in this case.
bruno Note that your Comparator does not handle null names.
This just blew my mind. I'm the idiot that uses the .net interop classes and writes the data out row by row, column by column. :(
A dynamic, compiled language with KVO, bindings, compatible with C, C++, bridged to Ruby, Python, Javascript and the CLR. I like it.
Thanks for the help, but I resolved it below.
Due to a bug in the flag evaluation portion of regexes people found that each extra e added another level of eval.  This was found to be handy, so it got promoted to a feature.  With e the first replace becomes '<1>', that is you see '<1>' in s.  The second e then evals '<1>' producing the desired '<bar>' replacement.
i figured it out like this..but something is still wrong
Is there a special badge for getting 12x the accepted answer? ;-)
Re your question - you can bind just as easily to a single item without any need for the collection.
Hello. Its a desktop running which can run on 2000, XP, and Vista. That for the info on the using statement. I forgot that. The SIP server is on the same server. However, I can connecting using SIP protocol and streaming using RTP.
His problem is users, not coworkers.  A big pink dolphin (or whatever mutual interruption shield) is not going to solve the problem.  Low-level it doesn't work!!!!!!!!  questions from strangers.  A totally different problem than you have answered.
grant alter trace
As far as I know, extension methods don't work for VB.NET
And it should be noted that it took a while for svn 1.5 merge support to stabilize. Only starting with 1.5.5 it is usable in several real-world cases, which I cannot recall ATM, but which were showstoppers in trying to adopt svn 1.5 support on a large codebase, namely GCC.
Added python tag, so that it's highlighted for people like me who set  python  as interesting but not  wxpython .
it will import the other repository's commits, so yes, it will have proper information. as J rg said, git was specifically made for this. People clone and merge all the time, see github.com for example
ok. The error occurs because the client closes the connection before flup is done. This ooccurs, however, when I simply go my site's mainpage. It appears as though the server has crashed, or at least fastcgi, yet these are the only errors I see.
No, sorry, what I mean is result set.  You get two different results, I'm wondering what extra rows are in the result when you turn maxdop off.  It might give you a clue as to what is happening.
my image is round. When I load the image in the button, it shows rectangular button and the image on it. However, I just want to show the image, not the border of the button. Could you let me know how can I do that?
The major feature of HtmlAgilityPack is handling and parsing badly formed HTML.  For .NET, I still haven't seen of a better option.  The full source is freely available, so if you see any weak spot, you're able to fix it.  (eg. I've added StringBuilder to my version to improve string concatenation performance).  Whenever you plan to run arbitrary HTML through a parser, you need to do lots of testing on real world data, there is no easy way.
Thanks Pawel.
ChrisW: It hink that assumption restricts valid domain instances
Remember, UTF-8 or even UTF-16 is not Unicode.
Well, there's my own MoreLINQ project to start with: http:code.google.compmorelinq
I am confused about Visual Studio 2008 Shell (integrated mode), it is a required component or not during our development? If I uninstall it, I am not sure whether it will have any impact...
Wouldn't you do indexPath.row to set rowSelected?
you mean the toolbar is horizontal and you want to use a vertical one instead?
rw truncates the file. You need rb.
So I just paste in NSStatusItem item into the .h file. Right?
kotlinski- hmm, you are right
Thanks cletus, but do you know why I get a NullPointerException when calling rs.getString(name) ?
Kamarey: the original question was first convert a string[] to string with out using foreach. If he's going to use lambdas for that... well, it's his code, in his project :).
Thanks for the clarification =]
Joshua: setImage: takes an image. pathForResource:ofType: returns a string. String != image. You need to load the image that is at that path; the NSImage class has methods to do that.
Yep, and you'd define your property as an NSMutableString as well. Also worth pointing out: you can't check whether an NSString is really an NSMutableString using <code>[str isKindOfClass: [NSMutableString class]]<code>, because NSString is a 'class cluster', meaning you actually get an instance of an NSString subclass, which happens to also be an NSMutableString subclass. Your best bet is to use <code>-mutableCopy<code>, which will retain if the receiver is already mutable.
You want to use In rather than IsEqualTo though
what's the problem with fixing it for safari? it's better to fix it than to use something much heavier... and who uses konquerer? i only care about the main browsers
Cory: Well I think the answer to that is The tar developers realised, and introduced the --strip-components option. :)
Matthew: If you're talking about a data format that's interchangeable between platforms, then that's more difficult.  But if that's an issue, then using .NET itself might not be the best idea.
2039 is the value of `EERROR  EWARNING  EPARSE  ECOREERROR  ECOREWARNING  ECOMPILEERROR  ECOMPILEWARNING  EUSERERROR  EUSERWARNING  EUSERNOTICE`. See http:docs.php.netmanualenerrorfunc.constants.php
the doc suggests multiple inheritance in a different scenario. when using Qt Designer you'll get a .ui file, then a tool called uic will take that .ui file and generate a class that's basically a translation of the .ui file, only in actual C++. so what they're basically suggesting is to inherit from that class, instead of having it as a member.
Actually, you mean Expression.AndAlso. Expression.And is the bitwise and - i.e. where 2 & 1 = 3
Yeah.  My rule of thumb is that the View can call methods on the Model class, as long as the View treats the Model as effectively 'read-only'.  Whether the Model has the data fetched from the database already, or has to run an SQL query at the time the View requests the information, is an implementation detail -- the View shouldn't avoid requesting data it needs based on that.
It should work now.
thank you, that solved many of my problems.
Joshua - I added some code to Perspx's answer, but you really should check out the docs and do some google searches. It seems you may want to read up on some of the Cocoa basics, like the architecture document and the MVC design guidelines. Cheers!
rampion - tar is an archive tool and tar files are a useful & popular way of moving collections of files around the internet, nothing more.
The amount of data I've uploaded thus far. I'm dealing with potentially large files, so I need to provide the user with a progress bar or like. Threading isn't so much the issue, it's more the ability to load files-part-by-part and get feedback.
+1: There doesn't appear to have been a source check-in on the modpython project in about 8 months (unless I'm looking at the wrong repository), which pre-dates the official release of Python 2.6.0.
+1 for mentioning BSXFUN. Also, you can find submissions on the MathWorks File Exchange (http:www.mathworks.commatlabcentralfileexchange) for BSXFUN that will work with older versions of MATLAB.
^ wow. Here's hoping I'm never one of your users.
I think that first link only applies to pre-2003 versions of Office
thanks buddy for all the help!
it works when i tested it
Rails actually use Prototype as it core JavaScript library (I think) for event registration, except that you don't have to mess about with JavaScript and simply use the Rails HTML helpers to make the JavaScript much easier to read and automatically generated.
I am not saying, Never use automatic serialization. In fact, I just used it on a project. I just want the OP to be aware of the pros and cons. Note that the redundancy of serialization is not related to binarytext (at least for binary serialization). Rather, I was mostly referring to accidentally serializing caches, temporary data and the like, which is common.
You gave a better example than you thought.  some code should be  empty here because it IS empty and because 0 dummy statements are as legally valid as 1 dummy statement.
I have edited my original answer to include a sub-query sample that works for me and should work for you with some changes to suit. It uses In rather than IsEqualTo as suggested by Adam.
Tim, your function is fine if you use (and if neccessary, adapt) my code. May I ask why you require this function? Perhaps there may be a better solution.
You really cannot generalize save game size being small. As Mark mentions, games like Fallout 3 (and Oblivion, running on the same engine) really saves a lot of stuff. It then becomes crucial that the engine uses an efficient storage mechanism.
Tim: The new function isn't empty. It contains the code 'location.href = http: + url;'. However, it has no name, which is why it is called an anonymous function.
This doesn't let you see MyUserControl in the designer though.
What you're saying is true, but I think that using patterns without understanding the principles is where pattern abuse stems from.
You may use Regex.Matches to get all the results in one call... but as you said, you'll have to iterate on the result collection... or use Linq to get what you want !
mysql is not that hard to deploy and its a fair solution, though it may be a bit heavy for the solution at hand. Another option is SQLServer XE
Do you have a link or doc indicating that this is not possible ?
that's what I've though first too, (and actually what I've used in some of my projects). But Jem's anwser is cleaner from my point of view. While it doesn't disturb me , sometimes templates use disturbs other programmers .. :
Thanks for the pointer to the ply project. This is an open to the WWW approach and I fully expect members of the public to just wander in. This does rule out exec because crackers are much more creative than me.
When calling back into VB6 using AddressOf, be aware that the VB6 RT is not re-entrant, and not thread safe. If you're called back to from a different thread, you'll certainly crash if your function uses any intrinsic VB6 functions (invokes the RT again).
I tried the dumpbin, and realized (even though I thought I was keeping it in mind) that the names were mangled... I added Alias add24 to my API call in VB, and now it calls it, but returns -3048, no matter what I call it with...
-1 if WaitOne blocks, WaitAll will block even harder
Yes you can open it from SAXParser once saved to an XML.
you can recompile and set the compiler to compile it for Java 1.5 if your target machine uses that version
Another answer mentions this too - so this must be an issue in Java.  However, a flaw in the design of a Java API (because of the lack of free functions) is not necessarily a good argument for something in C++.
This sounds very interseting, and is exactly the kind of thing that I was looking for.  However I'm not clear on what you mean by most people seem to punt on the mediatype decision How will defining your own media type help?
Can I ask: why? What is the problem that this needs to solve? (this may impact the answer...).
Thanks for the urls, but both sites don't mention anything related to this issue...
You beat me to it. By the way, step 3 is implicit in my opinion: using a running counter does exactly that.
The application framework won't allow to separate source files from content. Can I use Git to create separate repositories using file patterns (e.g. .java, .groovy etc for source files & rest for the content) from the same source?
[^]] does not match characters other than ']' but characters other than '' followed by ']' because you must not escape ']' in the first position. Correct is [^]].
so initially, it had the Repositories... and that is not a valid repository?  I need to create new repository and then will have the first valid repository?
What I mean to say is that you are turning O(1) operations to O(n) because you don't have access to the underlying data.  This is a very ineffective way of doing it, don't you think?
Yes you can, you can determine if it is better to push processing to the client or the server. You can also determine what to keep and what to cut, some things simply cannot be done in ie6 at any speed.
That's the point of UAC - if your app needs elevated privileges, it should ask the user for permission. Vista is designed to not allow exactly what you're trying to achieve - I'm not saying its impossible, I'm sure the malware community haswill come up with workarounds, but if you're a legitimate developer then you need to rethink your design so that you don't need to defeat UAC or Session 0 isolation.
Binary Worrier: Hehe, yeah. I think I confused myself pretty well at first, at least by misreading. Thanks for the up vote. :)
in the main List you mean instead of having a sorted list, having just a list?
Bastien: Thanks, I was looking for that but couldn't seem to find it.
I'm not sure how it can be anything so do with the connection string.  This code works on EVERY other machine, with no changes; just not on mine.
Actually did mention it in the subject but its kind of a generic name so easy to miss.  Our thoughts too..Thanks
You can use your down-votes as you see fit obviously, but I think a down-vote should generally go to an answer that contains incorrect information (and hence may be misleading). But - your choice.
VMWare Server is free, also is VMWare ESXi, and Sun's VirtualBox
Yes, but I can't require users to change permissions as they may not have access. Also, this seems to work in pure Java. Why not Jython? Does Java run some operations with elevated permissions somehow?
the same application runs on a pre-production environment. File paths are the same and mostly they are respective paths not absolute. Still, will check it out.
seriously?  still no answer?
I am, of course. The question is which ones are appropriate for different cases, since the codes are described in terms of accessing pages.
What is it getting truncated to?
Thanks for the link, I'll at it to my reading list (I try not to miss Alexandresu's articles)
it is not necessary to wait for the data to arrive to replace the link with the text as I think
Testing during initial development showed the problem with Hibernate and composite keys, so we changed the initial specification of the table to include a separate primary key column for that table.
I assume you're referring to the standard C library?
this is the sanity-preserving solution; it also removes the inherent limits of the recursive solution (assuming a dynamic structure to hold the parameter queue)
James, not sure how to solve this.  I get an empty result set if any of the persondetails are unavailable (Example: a person doesn't have a hair value).  Any ideas?
You still need to use instance typesmethods to inherit even if the derived type has no intent on maintaining state since you cannot inherit from static classes or override static methods.
Language? 12345
J was, from the very beginning, a migration language.  There were lots of devs who had used VJ++, Microsoft's version of Java. When .NET came out, the company provided J as a way to move those devs and their code, unchanged, to .NET.  Today, starting out, there is no reason to use J.
I used a unique value in the SomeDetail class for the selector but isn't returing any records. Any help Please?
Greg I wasn't suggesting writing a binary object to a file, but changing the manner by which the number is rendered to text.  ie People happily read hex encodings of numbers.
Or very small rocks.
codeulike: NO, Loans table has Group id ... each group can have multiple loans
I am using a similar implementation for .NET 3.5. It works fine, but for some reason I feel some misuse of the iterator pattern, but that very subjective.
Can you expand on how option 2 is faster at runtime? I'm looping through the data twice that way - surely that has a significant overhead?
Thanks for the follow up.  This was also a great help!
Shane C. Mason: It is a lot more scalablereadableextensible. Just benchmark it yourself. String building with + is quadratic time instead of linear. Here's a good read for you: jaynes.colorado.eduPythonIdioms.html
Exactly!
I've heard this puzzling trick before.  It's hard to believe that it works, but it does.
This results in a SqlException: Invalid column name MyColumnName
Paolo: that's how I read it
Can you look inside the JS and see how it was bound? It matters.
Step 1) Do yourself a favor and always include the radix as mentioned in the previous answers as well as in Doug's book. Step 2) If you are serious about learning JavaScript, then get yourself a copy of Doug's book. It is invaluable. My fav book so far. Here's a review fyi: http:realtech.burningbird.netlearning-javascriptbasicsjavascript-the-good-parts
Thanks Pablo. 
+1 good suggestion
They are used for exception handling. Some people do try to use try-catch blocks for control flow but that is really not good practice.
You could make a copy of you source tree, remove all (ifelseend) lines and then process the result with gcc -MG...
The new one produces a bus error, as well as the warning: left-hand operand of comma expression has no effect from GCC. Which is odd, because I think it should have some effect.
Apart from the fact that UIApplication will not have those custom methods anyway ...
What Seb says is correct. the first one doesn't work because at the time that you try to get your canvas object it hasn't actually been loaded yet.
Mhh.. and so, you solution is ..?
Tom, no you just have a very narrow viewpoint. Imagine the list as a list of sentences in a paragraph. It still makes sense to be able to find the first match in a list of strings and doesn't make my answer any less valid.
I am 99.99 sure that programming wise characters are handled properly, so I'm at a loss to explain what's happening here. An example page would be nice.
Chloraphil: It's always funny to see that developers tend to think that the most probable explanation is not worth consideration, exploring everything else beforehand. :) +1 for providing the cause of the problem.
As far as i know, WPF Databinding gets the value on the UI thread anyway after PropertyChanged has been raised.
They certainly won't take care of disposing the IEnumerable.
Someone at W3C needs to do some refactoring...
I would be surprised if OpenOffice supported DDE. At best, it would only do so on Windows, which would leave all the other plpatforms a problem.
+1 for flexibility
Thanks very much for this - how did you figure it out?! This attributes support seems quite poorly designed and implemented to me; why do the attributes need to be given position integers? why does it generate XML instead of just programatically configuring the mappings directly? And why does it leave out information it can easily discover automatically?
Is there a question titled Non-programming books I keep hearing about, but still haven't got around to reading  ?  ;-)
Thanks, this really helped me move forward, I posted the example I was able to create based on your suggestions here: http:stackoverflow.comquestions852441fat-models-skinny-viewmodels-and-dumb-views-the-best-mvvm-approach
Hmm interesting... edited
See my profile, I'm just starting out with .net, but have some hobby-experience with php, mysql, html, css..
boris, bingo, get all the ids up-front insert them into a temp table or something, and select the whole kaboodle as a set. try to do things in sets not one id at a time
I agree with most of your points but The columns can get duplicate names - that's news to me. How so?
I think you just discovered a bug in the VB runtime. But we will never see SP7 :)
What's q in your second code block? Shouldn't that be resultB = resultB.Where(...) ?
(It's important to night that it is precedence which is important here, no associativity doesn't get a look in. IMO, expressions such as `a  b && c` and `a && b  c` (which is `(a && b)  c) are confusing and the compiler should complain.)
You're getting close I think. I have viewshomeindex.aspx. This page has an inherits attribute which says: System.Web.Mvc.ViewPage(Of IEnumerable(Of Models.Project)). However I cannot find the class viewshomeindexaspx anywhere....
+1 for anwswering the question that was asked, not one you imagined . . . like what I did . . .
and to do this programmatically, this advice can be used: http:stackoverflow.comquestions843340firefox-proxy-settings-via-command-line843366843366
You mean the public delegate T BorrowReader<T>(IDataReader reader); one? Is that faster than a cast? I figured the type inference would slow it down.
do you prefer a more SOAP style of service?
Why not just remove and insert?
This sounds like it's the most likely answer.  Well done, DBR.
That's what the SqlBulkCopy class does.
lol  no references to Joda Time, nicely played. (Would have been my first answer, too.) I haven't seen any DateBuilders myself, but I figured I shouldn't post a non-answer, so I'm commenting a non-answer instead. :-P
Thats great to hear.  How did you find their support?  Did they ship quickly, have good documentation, etc?  Finally, did you find the performance(speed) to be reasonable?
since i'm able now, +1 from me too
Idigas: Thank you for your answer!
Probably another case of me trying to optimize prematurely.  But, I wanted to see if there was something else that I was just completely missing or not thinking about.  Thanks.
I don't really see how anyone could make an informed, objective statement answering this question, so I vote to close as subjective and argumentative.
I guess i will follow your answer, thanks mate
Norman: I have corrected my code. The corrected code is now in the question, along with a list of conclusions I have reached. Would you please take a look and let me know if there are any incorrect conclusions there, or if you have anything to add? Thanks.
Could be modified, that it only refreshes if the user hasn't done anything for 5 minutes or so.
I used as my predicate format: self.tags.name contains[c] value
Thanks for the comments. We did think batch inserts would be the way to go. I done some calculations using ndbsize.pl script and you were right about the size of the the index. The memory required does not make using Cluster feasible. However, we also learned today that some data loss is OK so, as you said, we are now looking into using simple replication.
Good point, I was thinking any client that was off would receive the notification next time it connects and ignore it since it was in the past.  If the client is not connected at the time of the notification they will not receive the notification.  I'm not concerned about the network being down for a set of users, if that occurs we will have bigger issues than receiving these notifications.
oof, thanks for the response. this should be fun.
Maghis - I think you spotted the trouble, now I feel a bit silly, but I guess we learn something new every day :)
I need to remove all onclick from html
On my Windows XP box, the path was: C:Documents and SettingsdfrankelLocal SettingsApplication DataMicrosoftVisualStudio8.0
The regular expression contains of a so-called negative zero-width assertion (?!d) meaning a position not followed by a digit, and 1-40 word characters. This special construct is necessary because w1,40 would allow a string that begins with a digit. Your regex would force the first character to be in the A-Z range, but in fact many more characters than this are legal. My variant allows them all.
mavnn, w.r.t. brittleness, I fear this is a devolving into a semantics issue on my choice of the word brittle. My last word is to say it makes little difference anyways. The only scenario is renamed  removed columns. You are just moving the break from when the sql is executed (explicit) versus breaking when the results are consumed. The way in which the query result is consumed can vary, and the code may or may not silently fail, but the sql execution engine will definitely fail with invalid sql. So did select  help you? IMO explicit failure closer to the DB for a DB issue is better. Thx
Close, but diffmain returns an array of differences, each of which is a two-element array with the operator (equal, deleted, or inserted, as an integer) and the text. I'm still working through how to get VBA to treat the result as an Array so I can step through it and create the appropriate formatting in the Excel cell.
Be sure to draw it with a flowing white beard and an hourglass...
They're structs actually, but thanks for pointing it out :)
Won't this just tell you if your test subclass overwrote the method, not if your real subclass overwrote the method?  This test will pass even if your real subclass didn't overwrite the method.
I don't see any reason why disabling the Nagle algorithm is generally a terrible idea. If you know what it does, there are many application protocol situations where disabling Nagle is exactly what you want to do. I suspect you haven't had a situation where you really needed to do that or you don't understand what it really does. In other words, this feature is there for a reason and it can also be disabled for a very good reason.
Speaking from experience, we found XmlSerializer annoying because it does not allow you to serialize private fields.  This ultimately drove us to binary serialization (http:msdn.microsoft.comen-uslibrary72hyey7b(VS.71).aspx).  DataContractSeraializer looks like it has resolved this issue.  I have yet to try it, though.
Hmmm, if you can provide more details around whats different in your larger project vs. the example that was provided here then we might be able to better diagnose the problem.
Is there any workaround in iPhone 2.2.1?
That being said, I use char  string - Me too, I started converging on this format after considering both the 'char ' and 'char ' formats and wasn't happy with either of them ...
Hi,
Thanks for the input Tom. I had a feeling that he is wrong, but I had to ask StackOverflow to be sure that it wasn't myself who was lacking in knowledge.
I have :full set to the default style. It won't skip saving the originals, it just sets the style that `foo.image.url` returns without an argument, which is :original by default. It's just so you don't have to specify the style with `foo.image.url(:full)` all the time.
Also.. they can't setup a breakpoint on the WCF endpoint class constructor as they can't even open my class in .NET Reflector.
How do I get the handle to the file when using fstream FIle I tried createfile() but still it locks it also in this inctance?
I tried it. It doesn't work either!
http:stackoverflow.comquestions673721overloading-and-overriding
file size 63MB ? How many MB ram do you have? I think this size shouldn't be a problem.
I'm testing the script in FF 3.  Referencing the older scripts work in the same browser.  The app is in MVC, but I really don't think that should make a difference.  There is one other jQuery plugin installed.  I'll try removing that to see if there's a conflict there.
so if CLASSID is email then TELECOM has an email address. hmm i get the idea but not sure how this is more eficient since with two separate tables when i need email i can just query against the email table without bothering about any CLASSID
I think you need to indicate what the big chunk of code might be, and least to show why it can't be put in a separate function.
I will try the readpast, and it sound like it will work, since the rows I want always wil be first and not locked(at least after they are committed).
READPAST wont return dirtyuncommited data. Simply skips the locked rows. This hint is especially for 'queue-like' tables like yours.
Agreed. This is the type of conceptual answer i was after.
Updated re your comment; unless we subclass Dictionary<,>, there is no simple way to know that you've added an item; rather than this, I've added a Reset() method (with example usage) that re-populates the list. See the button at the bottom of the form for an example.
kar What is your optimization level? I believe gcc strips unused variables at anything above -O0. A function containing only a plain-old-data declaration should compile to only a return - which means that it uses a massive stack only in theory, not in practice.
Cheers Marc. And cheers to the others for pointing out the IEqualityOperator overloads... Unfortunately, I've no access to the internals of the library or the construction of the Hashtable... I only discovered the implementation by using Reflector to poke 
File.listFiles() is far simpler
Thanks, that was helpful. It looks like the sparklines example has its own onload method, while other examples use some type of init.js, which doesn't seem to work in IE + excanvas
little note: the import statement is only used so you have not to type the package name, it does nothing else, it's just a shortcut. If you always use the fully qualified name, you don't need imports at all.
Oh by the way, I'm NOT referencing the assembly from the GAC anymore. I gave up :-)
I think you've just put your finger on one of the main flaws of java.util.logging compared to, for instance, log4j. Although I haven't used JUL enough to give an authoritative answer or suggestion for a workaround.
the select result I am after is a scalar int result but linq still can't see it
Right. That's what I was alluding to, will make clearer.
I would write this in a functional way - That's much more concise:
+1 for the illustration...
Of course there's an advantage! It'll make me feel really really clever!
Yes, shared pipes and TCPIP have been enabled.  I also made sure that the IP addresses (In TCPIP properties) were enabled and active.
I've marked this as the solution to the question, but to me it still has a few holes... break-word is essentially what I'd be looking at, the other options can insert manual breaks, spaces, hyphens etc but still won't neatly wrap the line.
Btw all this is only true if the clients use early binding. Those who use late binding will be able to see the change at runtime.
your question is not clear. what exactly do you mean by find element?
This is it. Nice!
Mehrdad is totally right: Since MSBuild is available as part of .NET, it is possible to build Visual Studio projects and solutions without the Visual Studio IDE installed. MSBuild is available at no cost. (http:en.wikipedia.orgwikiMSBuild)
By having tests for all of my internal code, I am protected when I choose to use more of that internal code which isn't exposed to the public at first. That's what I mean by future defects. As I extend my program I'm more likely to cover internal cases which were not exposed at first.
FYI: example-code.com is a domain owned by Chilkat. When you say Somebody wrote a tutorial - it is a marketing site by that company to show how to use their commercial products. Not that there is anything wrong with commercial code.  But the example-code.com domain seems a little fuzzysneaky.
Where do I get it?
You expected answers in one day?
I'm sure this works, but it does make it hard to tweak logging levels around as you'll need to recompile the code to change the levels.
Sorry, that link didn't work (Page Cannot be found).
You should probably include a link to the page you copied this code from, don't you think?  I mean, it's one of the first results on Google.
I wasn't sure if it was nullable or not (see my comment).  Also, be careful with the end date comparison.  The way yours is written I don't think it will include items from 2252009 since they are all after midnight on that date.
Thanks, that makes sense!
Colin: Try it.
Noldorin: Blacklisting does work in the sense that it makes attacks harder, but it will always leave holes; that's what I meant. Anyway, now I actually like your answer :-). +1
C does not have a struct scope like you use it in somestruct::NODE. you must be talking about some other language
hmm... i don't know about java or jdbc, returning more than one result set (ie, returning 2 variables) breaks in SSRS (or rather, it just selects the first value).  Maybe something similar is happening?
MS SQL 2005 Standard
Not necessarily a call even. Where possible, you overwrite with an instruction that raises an interrupt, which the debugger handles.
This is pseudo-code saved me heading down a badly unsupportable path with regards to job queuing.  Thanks a lot Piskvor.
the code you have there is very sensitive to the layout of the page.  you may want to expose the chart's ID as a JS variable using ScriptManager.RegisterScriptVariable(), passing the image's ClientID; that way, if you alter the layout of the page later you don't break the JS.
You anticipated what Quassnoi took the time to track down and explain. +1 in any case. :)
Yes, but Linux is so complex compared to our system it is quite a daunting task.
Works now!!!! Thanks a lot!!!!
Also depends on which version of Windows.  On Vista, writes to the app folder will actually hit AppDataLocalVirtualStore.
But that only works to further narrow the request.  I can't say it's a post OR it has this parameter.  I can only say It's a post AND it has this parameter.
So why don't you like using IsSynchronizedWithCurrentItem?
No difference..
this is a fair point, and certainly my goal is to reduce the number of keystrokes.
your rules are too restrictive, in order to break anything up into n parts, you will need a minimum of n-1 breaks, but since breaks have to be along one edge and cannot divine a small piece into two also you cannot do a compound break (in your clarifications section), what you ask is impossible.
I think you need to check your math. 5  3 is 7. (101)2  (011)2 = (111)2
The ul and it's contents is the text in the literal; it's the ul and it's contents that I need to be able to change via resource file. I can wrap each individual li's contents in a literal, but I'm trying to avoid that if possible.
Browser cache? Cleared, unfortunately not the problem.
Meaning the all names in a cell?  So header of the repeater having  and footer ?
The QUESTION was not why is C statically typed.  The QUESTION was: Why do I have to specify [classname] twice? And this answer is: because its not always redundant.  The fact that other people answer Its statically typed does not make the question Why is C statically typed.
I recreated my entity model and tried again and now it does work, thanks!!!
Well, yes, the issue that it prints the same address twice would indicate failure to read `man inetntoa` -- or at least failure to think it through.  The problem that you don't know which address will be printed twice is due to the lack of sequence points, though.  (In Java, similar code would always print the second address, because it does specify that arguments are fully evaluated in the order they appear.)
Sorry - forgot to add that restriction. p != q != 1 Other empirical solutions are (n, p, q) = (1, 1, 1);
Another topic about mixing a program's documentation into the source code: http:stackoverflow.comquestions467532would-rich-text-help-comment-code
If you are fetching object members on-demand from the database, consider using some form of 'usage id' identifying the caller (LINE, FILE might help). Do a per-member fetch but cache the ones they used. This way you can preload them next-time and per-access fetch others that appear because of control-flow
Is the end goal analysis of javamatlab memory interaction? or to access the same memory for data storage?
Is that simple in C? Thank god there are competent programmers. :) I'm not familiar with this language. Though, this was a simple yet exciting discussion.
Thanx on Your attention Ill try yet for while If I couldn't figure it   Then I am going to open new SO, But I am kind shamed asking  over and over people to do code for me.
Thanks for the answer.  However, this is implemented as an excel add-in on other peoples computers, and although I do have the .Net framework there is no way to be sure that they have it.
what if I'm using NUnit, would this still be a decent book on concepts?
I did not code it. I am trying to work with it.
I have read thos articles downloaded the projects they run no problem
The nice thing about this pattern is that this simple indirection is almost guaranteed to be inlined. As long as the function definition is visible at the call site and it is a short function, any half decent C++ compiler will inline it. So there will be zero overhead from this in practice.
I think Win 95 behaved that horrible way until you defined some kind of network interface. A dial-up adapter you never used was good enough.
Erickson: Any chance you want to share it? (Although it is a low priority for me now that I have resolved my immediate problems with a PKCS12 keystore, so no rush).
Cool.  I was really hoping for a way to do this without bringing in an outside Jar, though.  But that may not be possible.
Sorry, you need to read this http:blog.stackoverflow.com200904server-fault-private-beta-begins
What if I can't have a fixed height to the auto-suggest box? The number of suggests ranges from 1-15.
Great thank you very much!
Sorry.  I mean that I want to test that the annotation is correct, and that an HTTP request really will invoke this method.
Well the difference is that you can bind whatever function you want as the method. I just used this opportunity to show off that trick. And also that there is no dangling f.bar()
ennuikiller Have you put the escapes into the Plist? That won't work at all... the plist is not parsed to replace escapes. If you want special characters to appear, what you need to do is copy the exact characters into the plist (no escapes -- the actual characters, already superscripted).
The nth child is the problem I think. Everytime I use nth child it always returns null.
Sweet - that works. Just need to replace 'temp' with 'temp' and 'exec result = spwho' to 'exec spwho'. Thanks for that.
Is the second part of the group by (Employees.UserName) necessary?
Yes, you can rewind a file pointer to the beginning; see seek(). A single-pass algorithm would be better, though. That said -- I find this question hard to parse, and the subject very nondescriptive; using the word this is not useful when someone is trying to determine whether a question is worth their time based on a one-line summary.
Alphaneo, Every kernel faces the same underlying problems, really.  Whether you're hacking a random custom embedded OS or BSD, you have the same tradeoffs with respect to the flexibility of the language.
Auch!
It is a 3rd party application using this database (If I had more control of the front-end, I wouldn't allow this nonsense.). I'll have to see if this will create a problem.
If you are talking about using Intellisense, is it realistic to expect all of the following conditions to be true:
Take a chill pill, bro. See the wink? See it? It indicates a jocular attitude -- I can't reasonably expect you to know it's Vista-specific any more than I can expect you to test on Ubuntu, Fedora, .NET CF, and Windows 7 build 7190. The sarcastic attitude will get you nowhere.
thank u for the solution :)
Remove 's' from end of the link.
Forgot to mention in the question that I tried that. It's not showing anywhere! Thanks
cHESSO.hi ,i'm trying to understand how Print my report in multipage ,because i have many report so long to enter in one page and so i don't know exactly how work out this feature .To build the report is not a trouble for me (luckily) .
In bunch copy operation the form pops up , asking if a particular operation needs to be performed for that appointment item. The answer to this question can be yes, yes to all, no , no to all .
Wonder who votes up such questions! Good job, though, Splattne.
My understanding is that only the VC compiler can compiple C++CLI which is the only (simple) way of getting to managed code from C++. It is not shipped as part of the .Net runtimeSDK unlike the CVB compilers, so you need to download it. The Visual C++ Express is a free and easy way to doo this.
From the man page for find: Because -delete  implies  -depth,  you cannot usefully use -prune and -delete together.
I got late :(. The only difference was I named it exactMatchFound. +1
Why not ask for specific examples?
How do you specify the path to the workgroup file (mdw)? I gave up years ago after an Access MVP finally convinced me it wasn't going to be possible due to Jet's architecture. But if you know how to do it then I'd be delighted to learn. Tell you what: I'll start a new question on SO and you can earn some rep by answering it :) Watch this space...
This will also sum the values that are not C, I'm not sure that's what he wants. See my answer below.
Yes - readonly fields can only be set by constructor code.
Joril: your question could be seen as vague.  how would you extract it?  There don't seem to be any alternatives to read the file.  Since you didn't provide many details on the file format, there's not much we can do except speculate idly on what you might want or need or what constraints you face or what alternatives are sensible.
+1: Objects should always be left in a valid state after construction and after each method call, so methods don't have to validate their own object's state before running, only their arguments.
The first will match more than 21 commas (because it's not anchored) and if you anchor it the string will have to end with comma
Good advice, especially rolling back using a transaction.
I don't think so
Your SQL can never work. It's not even syntactically valid. This makes me suppose that this question is actually homework. Is it?
No, since 00 00 00 1B 4D 89 is too big to fit into a single CPU register. Just count the bits. When you reach 32, then the register is full. The CPU doesn't care whether a bit is 0 or 1; both count the same.
Yep - my gracefully handle is politely not handle
Exactly that's the point. If you don't know how your telescopes work, the physics behind it, its features and limitations, well you are a very poor astronomist then.
Editied above in line with your question.
Isnt' MFC old-school? I know we've had to do a lot of extra work to make our Windows side look modern (we use MFC). Isn't WPF the preferred GUI technology?
It's a more interesting problem than I originally thought. I guess the answer is what would the client of your code expect to happen? If I was the client then I would expect that the call would just be ignored - after all I'm only interested in it being paused at the end of the call. Daniel would expect it to throw an exception - after all it didn't actually perform the action he expected, and Svish (in the question comments) expects it to restart - after all that's the way his tapedeck works. So if the code isn't a public library just do what you'd expect. +1 for making me think.
No. Is merely based on 'false' technical reason. In order to get >1st depth level parent-child relationship, I have use to recursive call to achieve. At the time I read Tom Hawtin's, my first thought is getComponents will return >1st depth level children (which is not true). Hence, I first thought it is more straight forward than yours, and this makes me click on accept it as answer without much thought. Is my mistake. The answer shall go to yours :)
It feels like there should be a more direct way than chunking.
I'm not too sure what your asking here.  You basically need the ID or some other way to 'get' the 'Apply Theme' button with WatiN.  Once you have that, you simply need to .WaitUntilExists(), and then .Click() that button.
and they can be more accurate when you don't care about base 10...
thanks this helped me.
Another thought. Trying looking into the interface sniffing libraries that Wireshark uses (libpcap) and look at how the source of iftop enumerates sessions on a device. Might be interesting.
Joan: I'm not sure I could come up with reasons why it might not be but that would pure speculation on my part without any facts behind it. I'd love to see C used to develop games more personally (Who knows maybee one day I can find a game developer job)
OK, I've removed the  operator
How about magic quotes? I have seen site who just puts POST['password'] into the SQL query, and it does not fail for them. Can you explain why does it work?
So this is how scaffolding works?
That's javaScript, not Java
I'm not entirely sure why you're stuck and what you want to do; can you please clarify the question?
Because the error occurs in the 'show' method, perhaps you might want to post that too?
I see what you're getting at but I'm using mysql and it doesn't like the with statement: ERROR 1064 (42000): You have an error in your SQL syntax; check the manual that corresponds to your MySQL server version for the right syntax to use near 'with heads as (
Where is start.exe?  I did a complete search of my hard drive and did not find it.
tried using Add() function, the error remains.
Thanks for the idea.. unfortunately this would complicate the app design too much :(
Good to know for the future. I'm putting all of the code in the header at this point.
Why do you want to change? UTF-16 would need 16 bit for each character while UTF-8 would only need 16 bit from U+0080 on. So every ASCII characters will be encoded like ASCII.
Yes, I compiled and ran before posting here.
I don't really understand how would this information help you come up with an efficient algorithm, but since you asked - in my particular case, the string is an Internet hostname, so it's alpha-numerics and a few symbols like . and -.
Your example doesn't handle arguments (use ).  You can use ! for the PID of last backgrounded job.  But the PID is not needed.  And you should ignore SIGHUP so use either nohup or disown -h.
Is there a way to require the cursor be over the element for more than 2 seconds or so?
Thanks, guess what, I've dropped this part of the code to make the sample as simple as possible.
Yeah I did actually read that link. Good answer.
There's nothing wrong with using a script in this case, it's probably easier since you wouldn't have to create and build a project just for one task.
It's a general question.  Obviously he can only expect general answers.  That's perfectly legitimate as far as I'm concerned.
Beska: I would like to guess that the average unmotivated starter would not go to StackOverflow to ask this question :) OP seems motivated enough to learn. He's also seeming more interested in J2ME, which does eliminate certain problems (while adding others)
fortunately none of the entries in PYTHONPATH contain a ' '.
Your solution is shorter, and therefore (given entities must not be multiplied beyond necessity) better.
ended up using winscp
The http:xmpp.org site is where you want to go.  Specifically, the mailing lists at http:xmpp.orgaboutdiscuss.shtml.
If the intention was to pass SPDRPHARDWAREID instead of SPDRPDEVICEDESC, then this is certainly true because that property is a 'REGMULTISZ'.
Haven't tried that yet, I assume if I call the tablesorter first it'll just use default sorting and ignore the inline metadata parsers.  I'll give it try.
Excellent.  Exactly what I was looking for.  Thanks for the answer.
JsArray are for JSON arrays... are you trying to just create a regular array?
Linguistic peer pressure is perhaps the least cool peer pressure of them all...  :-)
Good answer I think, but the final line you use in your example gives me the willies. Couldn'tshouldn't it be something like if(strpos(hello world, hello) >= 0) in a real world situation? (Or something similar...I'm making the assumption that strpos either returns -1, like other languages, or can be caught somehow.) Of course, that would ruin the point of your answer so I understand why it's there, but I'm wondering when people might actually use this === or !== type functionality.
Wait, sorry, I m talking nonsense. The CSS you posted from BluePrint won t be causing IE6 issues, as it won t work in IE 6 (IE 6 doesn t support the `:after` pseudo-class).
does the <td> need to have a class tag in it already for this to work? Cause it doesn't.
Doh, I got ninja posted.  Guess I just answer slow ^^.
+1, good point about extensions.
Glenn edited the question to make it clearer
Everybody certainly does not know this.  I didn't know that Cuba Gooding Jr appeared in a movie of this title.  There may even be people who don't even know who Cuba Gooding Jr is.
the data I am using is not large just complicated to calculate, I want to avoid calculating it twice for the same input value.   I was thinking about putting the data for MethodB in the Session.
+1 to gbjbaanb - look at (x)printf - the most beautiful implementation of varags known :)
and what is that workaround?
I've spent too much time in the back end with c... I completely forgot about rowspan and colspan.
thanks for that ...
I'm using gcc 3.4 and the line g++ stdafx.h will not compile, you get error g++: compilation of header file requested, but this will compile, not sure if that's what I want though: g++ -c -x c++ stdafx.h -o stdafx.h.pch
on gcc 3.3.3 I'm getting error so I suspect precompiled headers are not supported
I'm pretty happy that's not in C actually.
Sorry for my delayed comment. I used the synchronous version before (with the exact same problems) but switched to the asynchronous version because I didn't found a way to cleanly terminate the thread. I missed one important line in the example code though (the blocking call to WaitForMultipleObjects, which can either be termineted by a file change event or by a terminate event). I edit the question accordingly. (...)
So it adds to the byte value?  So with a shift of 1, 00000001 becomes 00000010, 00001000 becomes 00001001, and so on?
That is because your xpaths are incorrect. From a single location you cannot use AgencyOrgId and BranchCodeOrgId. Try with AgencyGroupAgencyOrgId and AgencyGroupBranchCodeOrgId. 
The IDE can fix most of them right?
SnOrfus ... Now i get your point ... conversion between person and object. I thought initially you are talking about the int of parent id
Thanks, making it page did the job!
hee hee... However If you are getting a Tough deadline and if you need to deliver a Working solution before that.. Will you  worry about warnings?
Rashmi - Yes. That is the reason I assumed it to be string in my example & am using 0 to represent the NULL value :)
You'll need to give more information. What is the exact error and traceback?
You should use new-style classes, derive from object.
If you can't see the benefit of XHTML, you might as well be using MS Word to create your HTML documents. .... Really?
...because the inability to write a UNIQUE constraint to enforce a simple key should be considered a 'code smell', IMO. If you can't change the design (SQL DDL) because many other tables reference this table then I'll wager that your SQL DML also suffers as a result i.e. you have to remember to add ...AND Table.RecordStatus = 1' to most search conditions and join conditions involving this table and experiencing subtle bugs when it inevitably gets omitted on occasion.
The comparison should also be case insensitive as posted in my solution.
If you are able to modify the server app, then you could try calling a Perl script from within PHP as described in http:devzone.zend.comarticle1712.
... which will require a noticeable postback unless Ajax-ified!
-1, Broken suggestion.  You're parsing ls here which you should never do.  The wordsplitting performed by bash on the output of lsgrep to try and make arguments off of it to feed to ls will cut the output apart anywhere there is whitespace.  that leads to broken filenames that contain whitespace (spaces, tabs, newlines).  Also, any glob metacharacters will expand.  Filenames that contain question marks, stars, etc will cause horrible results here.
I think the problem in my case is that it's not any object that creates the ServiceHost, it is the object that implements the service itself. I'll edit my question to make it more clear...
I am currently waiting for (waiting for (factorial 10000000000) to finish :)
+1 for not using reflection.
+1 This is absolutely 100 the right approach. If people think browsers (meaning IE) are bad, mailers are far far far worse.
Most processors have built in way for doing this in a single instruction (`bsr` in x86, for instance)
Brute force approach, always good :) Probably quicker for small values of y than trying to take a log as well (optimisation anyone? 'if y < 1000000 dodivision() else takelog()' :))
+1 for mentioning the possibility. Although I wouldn't ever write something like that.
As a matter of fact I changed my mind and decided to go Annotations way, because of type safety and in a way it's natural to specify the fields to compare in the entity. Thanks for all who answered, I've learned a lot!
This is worth testing. Writing the file locally and using the OS to copy it to the network might be faster. thanks
I have quick look to jContractor and really feel that it too heavy. This is why I have stopped diving with searching and asking expirience others have.
Nope, to be correct, it expects a NULL-terminated char not just an address.
This workaround doesn't satisfy me. I set computer regional setting to polish on purpose so switching it is not an option. And switching to CP 1252 isn't an option too. I want to set explicitly CP65001.
Technically it's C 3.0, which can be used to target .NET frameworks 2.0, 3.0, or 3.5 in VS2008. Confusing, I know :)
I did try that but, as Luper points out, it's not a package.
Thanks. So there is no need to assign manually random values to each constant in my implementation file? That's cool.
Why do you answer your own question?
As an alternative to this, I would prefer using char with reinterpretcast. For example, take a char buffer and fill it with your data. Then: Format format = reinterpretcast<Format>(buffer); format->strname = ...;
is it possible to use pre-shared keys in combination with commons-vfs?
Isn't this likely to be a performance problem? Why not choose a message queue?
I know about QAbstractListModel. I need a tree model. I also know about and use internalPointer. However, the reason why I say that I need an extra layer is because in my model, children of tree nodes don't know about their row index (they don't need to know). So even though internalPointer() gives me a pointer to the children instance, I still have to call child.parent.indexOf(child) (even the model in the Qt demo model does this...).
Sweet, this works and does exactly what I wanted it to do!
I think that visibleRect.size = scrollView.frame.size; 
For the personal question thing, if someone wanted to share their account and not give out that data, they'd just give a false answer in the first place. I wouldn't consider that technique any sort of deterrent.
Mmm a good point - in this case though, visiblity is always 0 or 1
I want to thank you for your extremely helpful comments. I managed to detect the error, it wasn't in this function. I was malloc'ing a buffer inside a function incorrectly and it all backfired in this one. Thank you very much !
tanascius, just updated my answer to explain that problem
What version of Exchange?  If you're using 2007, I could give you some sample code for Exchange Web Services...
Yes, I meant connecting with an LDAP client. My best guess for now is that the trusts with BRANCH2 and BRANCH3 have either 1) not set proper DNS records or 2) have selective authentication instead of forest-wide authentication.
+1 on the plug for unixutils . Cygwin is a big pain if all you want is a few unix-style utilities.
I guess you meant 'there is not any utility' right?
How can logging to a plain text file be higher overhead than using a message queue? If you're thinking of something in-memory only, you can always log to devshm.
Unknown: You may be confusing strings being unique with them being immutable.  This means that they can't be changed, so it's a valid optimisation for the same strings to be represented by the same object, but you can't rely on it.  It's true only for strings which are interned.  Python automatically does this for short strings that might be an identifier, as this will improve performance for dict and variable lookups etc.  Checking every string on creation for duplicates is expensive though, so it's not done for all strings (since there's no gain if it's never compared).
 won't be same for two conditions and not all four conditions always present but they can be and in future I might need more conditions like is exactly and is exactly not etc. 
itsmatt and David, The problem as far as I can tell is with the debugger. I followed David's advice to use Debug.WriteLine(). I had another piece of code that was experiencing similar problems. An exception should have occurred but did not. The debugger looked at the if statement and decided it should run the code within - which should cause an exception. Looking at the WriteLine statements I can see that the code block within the if statement did not actually run. It's a difference between how the debugger thinks the code will execute and how it actually executes. Thanks for your help
I am not sure what you mean. I am using that exact same signature in the code I posted. But again that would not compile because the compiler does not expect the type parameter <T>. Anyway, Darin's solution using a lamda instead of the delegate works.
but this doesn't work with..
It's not a matter of personal taste. The above code will be evaluated constantly. This question can be fairly easily solved using CSS, and whatever can't be done with CSS is fairly easily done with Javascript. Introducing a CSS Expression for this is completely unnecessary, and frankly there's really nothing where CSS expressions are in fact necessary. Not to mention they are not cross browser compatible.
scratch that...followed Adam and Pim Jager's advice, switched the form.submit to submit.click and rather than returning true, created a variable usernameIsOkay = true;
+1 for suggesting Fiddler.
I really like this analogy, makes a lot of sense. Thanks!
Excellent.  Just had to add the RewriteEngine on
You haven't said why you need to filter (except to say specialized firewall application) so I can't guess or tell you what you need to filter. If you do only need to filter user-mode applications, that may be an easier job than writing a filter device driver that would run in the kernel.
No. You should not checkout those folders on the client, they should be used to help you choose which branch you're working on. Checkout ...trunk to work on the trunk. Then switch to ...branchesnew-feature to work on the new feature.
No specific settings. I meant appropriate settings to turn on validation. XmlReader doesn't load the whole document in general. However, you should enable validation if you want (as described in the answer).
And, with good code completion, your don't even notice it.
I do this sort of thing all the time.  Saves me lots of trouble.
We'll lots have happend since the first incarnation of javascript, it's not the same language today. It was pretty buggy when it came out but not today.
JavaScript's OOP model is better than PHP's orders of magnitude.
http:developers.deblogsdamirdobricarchive20070805performance-comparison-of-most-popular-serializes.aspx
I haven't done any more testing on this myself... so are you saying that with Max Pooled Statements turned on and the cfqueryparam NOT inside a CFFUNCTION that the memory leak does NOT happen?  
There's actually 10 questions with the tags php and sms, most pretty closely related: http:stackoverflow.comquestionstaggedsms20php
Just curious, which other question did I help you with ? I can't recall (Saturday morning here...)
I'm out of answers.. I really stumped on this because I am using POST to carry the var to my query and from there, it is filtered through quotesmart which escapes any quotes then goes through addslashes into the db.
Thanks for that. It was what got me looking for the problem elsewhere. :)
Remember that there are always exceptions to the rule.  Some projects intentionally break this law to implement Domain Specific Languages (DSLs).  Check out JMock, for example.
It's obvious to you or me because we know the answer. Not everyone does, hence this question. There are a lot of questions on SO that I find obvious. Apparently others disagree, because the questions still get asked. And as long as people want them answered, isn't this the right place to do so? The OP discovered that compilers change your code (they do), and asks about how safe these changes are. Seems fair to me.
I like the IF DEBUG route, that's what I've done. Also, if the OP doesn't already have a formal build process this might be the right motivation for them to implement one.
So in the past when you used Run As, IE used that user as credentials for trusted authentication? But you are seeing that because IE8 creates tabs as some sort of child process that it ignores the Run As credentials? Is the KB linked from this SO question http:stackoverflow.comquestions554341 any help?
I suppose the XHR can only be issued to same domain server with authentication. How can other site intercept the response?
If your editor can't color locals different from members, you need a new editor.  Any human convention is fallible and a stupid compensation for inadequate tools.
 PSC - Your where clause will only match if a variation of 'angel' with no additional characters before or after it is in the field. If that is the case then '=' is more efficient than 'LIKE'.  See the OP comment.
Right, that's why I said it depends on the language.
+1: I really like this kind of answers: short, precise, and helpful.
Don't forget about Prototype.  Its great for those who are really used to OOP.
Your comment is sounds like a joke.
Then you are copying b if privateBoard is a Board and not a Board&, no?
Ok, i'll give eclipse for c++ a try with a 32bit JRE and see if that's the problem :)
java.io., shurely ?
The RTD Server is very interesting.
As others above pointed out, I have read that some browsers (I don't know which ones) doesn't set this field, or set it incorrectly. So rejecting a request because referer isn't correct might lead to lock some users out. And on the other side, somebody wanting to submit arbitrary form content will probably think of setting correctly this field...
a man with way too much time on his hands (thankfully)
That could be found in PHP documentation. And that's opposite of that, what I asked.
Are the searched elements required to be in the same order as in the source list?
Or some class static variables are affected. Or they share some common object which is obtained from some factory.
After working on the web as a site developer, i know well about the security of the matter :) Nice answer though.
Voted back up.  This is a legit question.
tvanfosson - indeed; but my point is that this is the only case I know of where it'll work. And the question itself raises the topic of delegatesevents.
Since it is based on javax.swing.text.EditorKit it is pretty flexible(it takes some time to get used with it, but once you get it it's easy). I had my own EditorKit but RSyntaxTextArea is better, much better. The code looks well written, it uses JFlex to tokenize the text, so you would need to write your own flex file to add a new syntax highlighter.A code completion add-on library was added at the end of last year and I presume a spell checker can be added to without too much effort. You can ask the author to add something like that, since he is more accommodated with the code.
It doesn't sounds right for the view to be settings its superview's userinteractionEnabled. I think you need to look at your design, it's a more general design that the view or better the viewController should be setting its subViews behaviour
You don't need to wait, you can achieve similar results in 3.5 with anonymous types and dynamic LINQ.
Tried with the original processed dll but it made no difference in this case - I suspect because the RVA and FileOffsets were just plain wrong after the post build step.
Wonderful, I do love it when I reinvent the wheel ><
I hope this is just an example, because in the real world, there would be no reason to just not return an entire Person.
True, I assumed only one rn at the end. It wasn't mentioned in the orginal post. I'm not sure that warrents a -1 vote
Please call Windows what it is. I am even one of those obnoxious open sourceLinux people and I call it Windows. Even M gets on my nerves sometimes (although that name is more rightly deserved; I would love to see Microsoft die).
Much better than a memset()!
Indeed, that's what i thought about it too. Nice to see i haven't lost my marbles yet :)
Although my task finished, I will retry your solution as well, as Oracle is not always available. Anyway, thanks for your help.
an iframe will not work since after the action is performed it takes them right back to the page they were on.  There has got to be a way to clone a file input element so that when the cloned element gets submitted, it has set the FILES from the original.  I need this in order to be able to check file size, mime type, etc.
Yeah, we considered this too. But you can't count on your users not wielding a fierce FireBug to make your life miserable. I suppose you can kick the request back and flag the user if you find that the clientside var lied (once you do the upload and get the real filename)... But I would like a more elegent solution. Thanks for the answer though :)
Yes, they have no effect.
If the image is got decoded, IPP is good choice. However, it could be faster by decoding and scaling in single step. I don't know how to use IPP to resize without decoding 1:1 bitmap first.
It's not more sensible; it just looks more customary. In python, you're asking the space character to join the string elements of the iterable argument, which doesn't need to be a list.
the last line which is the main function of the program works fine without the nested if above: It won't, `index'` won't even type check...
Looks like the 2007 Office System Driver is the way to go. The 25mb download is a bit steep, though.
Charlie, how do you verify a public key contained in a self-signed certificate really belongs to the person claimed in the certificate? I hope, you are not doing this by verifying the signature, because that would not be secure. Anyone can generate public keys claim they are Microsoft and self-sign this.
Code::Blocks is an amazing IDE, best I've come across.
To clarify, the whole program runs 5 slower because of the added cost of the loop.
first i need to check whether they are empty.
+1, EXCELLENT writeup! Thanks!
Without installation?
Ok, i've already mady my script installable, but how can i make it global? I can't run it from console just name typing.
cletus, that's true, but fortunately most Java developers use IDE's. And it's more important how the code reads. Often the Class name really doesn't give anything, only clutters the code.
Your question is not necceserily iphone related, I'm removing the iphone & objective-c tags so more ppl will join in
But with these code snippets you can trivially write a macro that does that, therefore creating your own API, no?
Almost perfect, just need some way to remove the text when clicking on it, and turn it back when clicking outside of the form (and put text back depending on radio button selected) as it works for Choice 1 but not for 2 other.
Is my assumption correct? Are you using <head runat=server>?
And check permissions of your script in usrbin.  Is it executable?  Is it readable by everyone?
This works for setting headers in response, not requests :-(
Check the video of him showing it off: http:drnicwilliams.com20070322meta-magic-in-ruby-presentation
I don't say Oracle is superior to SQL Server. I say that Oracle is more mature than SQL Server. Most of its core features were implemented in 80's, that's why they rely heavily on disk space instead of memory and, since disk space is slow, they are licked clean to achieve maximal efficiency, which still pays back now in 2000's. SQL Server, on the other hand, has much fewer legacy burden and some things are implemented for efficiently. Procedural language, for instance, is much much faster in SQL Server.
The JIDE classes suggested by banjollity are great, but if somebody could suggest a pure open source component, I'd be interested in that, too (I forgot to say that this is for use in an open source project).
does that also exclude the nearest integer function nint()?
Interface boxing: That is the true answer. Great! Value types are not immutable (I should better say behave like immutable types) because you can share a reference to them by interface boxing. Thanks!
Thanks for the response Marc, that makes sense.
You can format code by indenting it by four spaces. This can be automated by selecting the code and pressing ctrl-k. Cheers.
Who said there's no whole integer in [sqrt(x),sqrt(x+1)]? If for example sqrt(x)==0.9 and sqrt(x+1)=1.2, then the result of floor(sqrt(floor(x))) might be different than floor(sqrt(x))
IMO a database engine will often have the index in RAM, even if the rest of the data is on disk.
No, it most likely refers to the EndPoint.  The Java compiler uses trickery to allow your anonymous class to get to the final even though it is in another class.
That's why you archive the dSYM bundles for every beta and final release. You don't replace one set of dSYMs with the other; you keep them all. Then you use the appropriate dSYMs for the version in the crash report (the Symbolicator will do this automatically).
I was thinking that might the best answer, would you just override the OnItemDataBound and choose to omit calling it's base method when you find an item you wish to omit?
As stated in a previous comment, I do not think I will be allowed to install anything on the client.
right, and your database routines access also. You may want to use the generic TCHAR type and change the project settings to Unicode. Or, if you must stick to ANSI, convert the received fromarray to ANSI first via something like MultiByteToWideChar (http:msdn.microsoft.comen-uslibrarydd319072(VS.85).aspx). Also you should look into the BSTR wrapper helpers, bstrt and CComBSTR. I prefer bstrt see http:msdn.microsoft.comen-uslibraryzthfhkd6(VS.80).aspx
btw about the 512 comment: it may not be bigger that 512 in your call stack, but once you exposed urself to COM an arbitrary process may load your DLL. Hacker knows the exploit in ur DLL, causes a process to load it (activex script in browser, config setting for some service, modify a registry CLSIID etc), passes in long string and bam! it hijacked that process.
Can you add some more information?  What request are you making and what is the error message you see?
Although empirically, this seems to work with MSVC++8. (But not with g++.)
I did vote it up but someone came along and voted all the agreeing answers down. I didn't mark it as the answer because I was waiting to see if someone would come along with some explanation as to why it can't or shouldn't be done. But it looks like the we're programmers so we shouldn't make mistakes answer is the most popular. I'll mark yours.
Sefler, didn't get your reply. Confirming you that I am getting value for multiple checked checkbox seperated with commas like (ORIGINATOR, EVALUATOR, EXECUTOR). And on the bases of these value I have to checked the corresponding checkbox in another jsp page.
There is an opensource C library that uses publicsuffix.org to parse domains, here: http:code.google.compdomainname-parser
Having a look now, Kim. :D
(re comment) - if you are using uri, why give an example in the question that uses a file path? What is the actual setup here? Is it a web app? A ClickOnce app? What?
I think relying on memcpys to do ordinary logic checks is poor practice, and I believe even those who advocate for the function would agree.
I've set the build action to Embedded Resource, is the fileName correct? Why it refuse to play sound?
Some information on the type and amount of data you expect would be good.
Good tip, thanks; +1
 Marc - but that needs to be compared with (i == null  j == null) ? null : (i+j); which I have tested in isolation and is still much slower.
rojoca: No need to have an id, but it's nicer IMHO to always have the id, and mark a new one as id = '', than to put an if inside the form that would decide whether or not to put an id field.
marcs: a lot of rows can fit on an 8k page.  If you only have two rows in the lookup, then those two rows are on that page, along with NOTHING else.  Effectively wasting a bunch of cache space.
> Simple things like rotating a square evolve into matrix operations incorporating quaternions
This interests me as well... what is slow and why? MapSet are usually very fast if hashCode and equals are. Is your hashCode different and unique enough?
can net tcp do callbacks? The reason I went with net pipe over Http was becasue it allowed for call backs.
+1 for prefer :)
Remember, the goal of software is to serve the user, not the other way around.
Wouldn't there be a way to rewrite the URLs without a redirect? I mean, that's what `modrewrite` is for, right! What would happen if I was to drop the `R=301` from the rules you put down?
I edited my answer with your config and added the relevant line.
It keep giving the follwoing error MSB1003: Specify a project or solution
This is working but one follow up question. How do I select an ENABLED option?
You can try Yahoo or ExtJS which weight in at the same or more.  If you are worried about size, just make sure it is cached properly so they only have to download it once.  Use your own CDN or Google's http:code.google.comapisajaxlibsdocumentation to make sure that everything is coming through correctly.
Yup. Thanks John for pointing that out and thanks Carl for editing it.
I set up a host header entry (test.DOMAINNAME.com) in IIS and that's what I'm typing in the browser.
I had a related issue in which -Dsun.java2d.d3d=false solved the issue.
Not in the budget, and it doesn't play well with ViEmu.
Good point, thanks.
What result do you get if you do string.match(regex) rather than regex.exec(string) ?
Strange problem there, I agree. Have you verified whether the no. of GDI objects decreases from 37 if you loop fewer than 37 times?
Thanks for the response. Yes, that was my suspicion that GDI+ is not always using GDI handles. 
Wow, it is that easy. Thanks!
I've tried GCJ before. Regrettably, it still doesn't compile swing applications.
I hadn't decided yet whether I was just going to have a category field per each headline row or to split it off as it's own table.
Yes, I would set it up so the activate key only works once. If you need another, generate a fresh one.  And alex, I don't think that's relevant here -- we're just using the hash as a random character generator
awesome...wow. how bout that. i got so baffled in all the dimensions the obvious totally escaped me. thanks man!
you can also just delete the snapshot.
To be honest, if the have a whole day of work in a word document and haven't saved it once, they deserve to lose it :D (not serious)
They won't be lost.Their invisible property will be set to true until you start explorer.exe again.
BTW: I, the OP, have tried several at one point or another and never seen this.
Yes I am sure he realizes that the environment is a problem, but not everyone can just upgrade or retarget.  I have to run VS2003 as well due to some legacy apps that cannot be upgraded to a newer version due to corporate red tape.
This would not be native to Windows 7 like what he was asking for.
You are correct, I had accepted your answer.  Conceptually, you really nailed the essence of what was needed.
Worked even in IE6. This is perfect! Thank you so much.
Log4Net docs say the following: A log request of level L in a logger with (either assigned or inherited, whichever is appropriate) level K, is enabled if L >= K. This rule is at the heart of log4net. It assumes that levels are ordered. For the standard levels, we have DEBUG < INFO < WARN < ERROR < FATAL. The way I interpret that is, if you set loglevel to INFO, you will also get all messages from levels WARN, ERROR and FATAL. So you should replace ERROR with INFO in my example.
No problem, man. That particular bug's tripped me up for HOURS before.
lothar-since the question is different in what it proposes I don't see it as being a duplicate
How you can write an answer this complete within one minute of the question's posting is beyond me. Even if you went back and edited it, that's still only two minutes.
Which this? BitConverter.ToUInt32 would return a different value on itanium (IA64) due to endianness, which probably means a problem, yes. The bit-shifting approach is immune to system-endianness.
My comment was posted before you put in the bit shifting solution :-)
Especially since you are passing the regex directly into the Pattern compiler.  You can easily get PatternSyntaxException.
Carl: In most cases I'd agree, except in situations where you're doing something like returning a search result, but still displaying the search box at the top of the page, in that case redirection is unnecessary.  This may be the case with the OP's question.
You're right. .select would be more appropriate here. I've found times when .collect.compact is faster, even when it appears it shouldn't be, but in this case .select is a much better choice. Thanks for catching that. I was focusing on doing the hard stuff and missed the easy stuff.
This is the correct solution.
As others have mentioned, the key is enabling the short open tag option in your php.ini. However, it is strongly advised to use the full opening statement. The short one is old, ambiguous, and if I recall correctly, soon to be obsolete. If you see it, run to the hills!
This is really helpful.  Could this be extended to also do ThenOrderBy?
Just to understand, are you saying that putting the criteria in the WHERE clause is better from a performance perspective than putting it inside the JOIN clause?
This doesn't work.  Most of the images will still have their original names, so the mv will fail.
Doh. I should go to bed. Anyway, should be fixed now.
Sorry about the mess with the braces; I grabbed that code from another site without checking. Fixed. There's no IE equivalent, I'm afraid.
An example would be nice here.
Does this guarentee that the proabability is 50?
Thanks, that was working beautifully. Could you also tell me the secret how do you found this out? Because I can't find anything about this in MDC.
on a side note, I think you've mistyped a - in the where clause - e.g. ob.activestaus='Y'
Question seems like it probably belongs in Community Wiki
+1. I like how you get around the whole forwarding problem by just exposing the function object member directly! I'd never have thought of that.
x-forwarded-for can also be used in legit scenarios.  Beware of counting on this.
As per your advice i added the specified line to the web.config at the recommended position, but Quartz .Net is still printing the DEBUG log messages. The line I added is
Thank you and danbyStrom, your guide works well. I'm trying to play sound using the wav file in my app's directory, so I need its directory(without app.exe).
Hello, I have directly added the thai language to the caption of the message box. MessageBox.Show(CATWinSIPMsgStrings.languageFeatures,              ); However, I am still getting the question marks. Any ideas? Thanks.
how do I set the args value?
Does this work? I thought that the preprocessor expanded macros in a single pass...
Well, that about settles it then. No there isn't seems to be the answer.
Reference - the C Standard, which I don't have a copy of. Explanation - not all platforms use 8-bit bytes. Solution - what's the problem?
Interesting point, but IMO if you're relying on initialization of a unit that's never actually used anywhere, your code needs refactoring.
Thanks a lot ...
Check this post for more information http:blogs.vertigo.compersonaltomphanBlogListsPostsPost.aspx?ID=6
I tried cleaning up and starting over, and the handshake failure went away. Now I just get 5 minutes of dead silence before the connection is terminated :o
actually it's a java source file and the transformation is used to make the method names unique
those triggers available in SQL SERVER 2005 Express?
Can you provide some examples of the errors you are getting?
Most answers provided here won't be of any use if the control to be cloned are being initialized by some third-party code.
What about the problem of adding a validation rule in one place but not others?
You missed the further requirements on char types imposed by the requirements of limits.h.
I've tried that - however, since my destination image is the final size of the rotated image and not the size of the source, the final rotated image is off center.
Excellent Catalin, fast response and with very good explanation.
Is this a list of fields and  or tables? Have you considered using a schema for the database to populate the listbox, rather than the hardcoded list?
MattJ, I agree that a lot of answers like mine make it to the top but they do so for a reason.  They're correct.  You shouldn't say the wrong answer simply because the right answer has been said too many times.  This is possibly the first time the OP has asked this question and or read this type of answer.  Also as Eric said a day or two ago, there is no way to answer this question.  The performance of such a micro-optimization will be highly tied to both the compiler, program and the particular architecture the OP is using.
Thanks. I've used < and > in the url and they were swallowed. I've fixed it.
Looks like Packer is the closest thing that comes to native compression in .NET.
Please add more details on your side constraints: This will determine which algorithms may be applicable.
Hey, cool.. thanks for the numbers.
I applaud the excellent use of English. I know that 'whilst' should be common knowledge, but I still appreciate seeing it used. I know, nit-picky... :)
Good article is Codd's 1970 paper http:www.seas.upenn.edu~zives03fcis550codd.pdf
yeah this is cool - but no accessible API :(
I thought that too but for some reason I can't add a default on PageLoad. Perhaps because the data comes from a datasource maybe?
DOC files are a little more complicated to do, I am planning on doing something similar with Java and it seems like I'm going to need a library that does the word document creation. You should go on google and see if there are any reasonable libraries that do this in PHP.
ObservableCollection<Point> does not work. Even the initial line does not appear on the screen; apparently Polyline doesn't support binding to ObservableCollection<Point>, nor does it support List<Point>.
Futures are cool and often useful, but I don't think they solve the problem the OP asked. He wants to stop the function running if it runs for too long.
you wrote if that bit is set, all filename entries have to be encoded in UTF-8.  This is not correct. The use of UTF-8 or IBM437 is per-entry, not per-archive.  A spec-compliant zip file can contain some entries with names encoded in UTF-8 and others encoded in IBM437.
How about wiki open source engine?
I feel that sometimes a ViewModel is good, but using it for every page (because many pages consists out of main data, with some extra data) just creates so many ViewModels that I wonder if it is still advantageous.
I've seen such code being abused like this: for(....)  if(false)  end: ....;  .... if(stuff) goto end; 
Really? Surely there are more CSS resources out there than neural pathways in the human brain :P
At first you just need to understand the language itself and the OOP concept. And only then dive into make and compiler options parameters. BTW Eclipse allows you to use your own makes, so don't see any problems here.
There has to be a better way to do whatever you're trying to accomplish...the IE COM object is nasty nasty nasty
Thanks this helped, the problem was that I had a bunch of variables in the first page, so what I did was create an array with all those variables and send it to the next page using sessions.
I will remove the binding off the submit event and use a normal button. This way live supports the clickevent
Use the comment function below the anwser you want to comment to.
I added mojo's suggestion for flexibility in how the system tray icon is handled. The original code came from an application where the tray icon was always visible, the self.trayIcon.hide() was so that the icon didn't stick around on the system tray after exit (typical windows behaviour, sadly). Note that now the user must implement the showEvent(event) method and call self.trayIcon.hide() to complete this example. I should have just posted a minimizerestore-only example in the first place :)
be careful with that approach.  your replace expression operates on the html-level, so if someone wants to highlight 'table', for example, it will mess up the html.
DoStuff attaches a castle interceptor.  Unfortunately I only know how to do this in their fluent interface with the ComponentRegistration<T> or BasedOnDescriptor implementations of IRegistration.  However, I do know that all the elements of registrations are one of these two.
Indeed the code works on the interpreter. But when I put it in a file (say, bowwow.py) and I import it from another file (otherfile.py), then it no longer works...
Yeah great, non constructive feedback !
I mean at serve-time. That way we don't have to do a production move     for every application, just one production move for the thing to do it at serve-time... if possible.
it returns 0 now.
actually the code you said was wrong was automatically generated by asp.net. I made the change you mentioned but it made no difference.
I've updated my answer to reflect a trick to get the image to rotate to your selected orientation...
This question is way to broad as it stands.  You may as well have asked How does one design a database?.
peterchen, the OP's question is simply not answerable with a direct answer.  I've listed the criteria needed to provide an acceptable answer and the dangers of such an answer.
I did that, it worked. I used it as a band-aid, and then spent some time rewriting the engine that saves the images. Thank you for the quick response.
No, if you bring all the necessary results back in a single query with a JOIN, or lazy load so only the ones that the user explicitly asks to see, the network penalty goes down.  The rest of the comments don't have to do with performance, but they are pertinent.
Ouch, I totally missed that line.  Agreed that is a performance killer.
That depends... what do you class as an authority?  There is a plethora of information on what people like Tim Berners-Lee thoughtthink of the XHTML spec that's only a Google search away (I turned up an article on his view on the poor uptake of XHTML1.0, and another on the formation of the standards working group for the XHTML standard).  There is no one 'authoritative' source.  The spec is the source of so-called 'authority', but it doesn't give the background, the purpose, or even the history of ideas that led to the formation of that purpose.  You're truly asking the wrong question here.
Same thing, it works every once in a while and crashes 34 or so of the time.
Ali, where should I put the delegate declarations? Also what do you mean by using += register.
Well, the SciTools look promising, but currently I am looking for an OpenSource solution.  It looks like FUnit has been stale for about 6 months or so, and similar length of time for FRUIT and Ftunit.   I guess the search continues, but it is a little surprising that nothing like this exists for FORTRAN given how long it has been around.
This code was written many many years ago when I could do this level of math easily. Now I would have to tear the whole thing apart and brush up on the concepts... non trivial. I was hoping this post would prompt a link to some code...
I actually did not need subversion installed to fix this problem.
woah! lua? I didn't think I had any alternatives.  I might have a look at that too! thanks
Maybe this could help: http:en.wikipedia.orgwiki.NETFramework =)
Generally speaking, no.
activity timestamp would be updated regardless of me viewing a post.
im not sure what you're saying. A users active ts is updated every page load.  Postforum ts is updated every commentthreadwhatever. 
Note that a static field will keep its value for the entire web application, which means across different users, and across sessions.
She did not say it like a rule, she said it in a if you feel like just working 6 hours a day it's ok way. At least that's how I felt it, I kept trying to be as productive as I could though.
why a community wiki?
suggestion: declare count in for and use ++ to increment: for (int count = 0; count < 5; count++) ...
Hey, I didn't write the answer :) I just fixed the code.
I don't know what your problem is, but I noticed something else: after `recv`, buffer need not be null terminated, causing `printf` to output junk.
That's a really good idea I never considered. I'll try it out tonight. BTW, it's funny that I started using Configurable to INCREASE my productivity; before I was doing manual DI at certain points (like Factory, Repo, etc) and I was chasing down missed areas where the domain object is instantiated but never injected. Right now I'd say Cofig is +1 for elegance, -1 for productivity compared to the orig solution
 behaves more like a pointer than like a reference!
thanx for helping me
Well ARE there any selects on the page?
There's lots of reasons why one might not want a service to start! So perhaps you're not really asking why, but rather suggesting the answer is to throw an exception? How about setting ServiceBase.ExitCode - is that advisablenecessary?
thats only true if you want to use their bundled RPC mechanism. That mechanism can be replaced with a json backed RPC mechanism (i googled gwt json rpc and got a couple of results), or you can even use a REST backed RPC mechanism (try this http:code.google.compgwt-rest , or google for more, there are a couple). I.e., the RPC mechanism is replacable, and there are libraries out there that already does it.
+1 I never knew that before! Looks like you can also get NAN by evaluating 00? Anyway, Debug.Print says that is -1.IND which is different from the 1.INF that I get from 10. I assume it's NAN.
I really like this solution.
I know, but that's not really what I'm asking here.
where is the difference between srandom arc4random or random and arc4random? arc4random seems to work best.
This doesn't work.  The OP used a bit field of size 1 bit.  You will be returning a pointer to a 4 size byte.  This code will produce un-aligned pointers and when dereferenced at proper alignment will read 4 bytes (on most platforms) from the struct vs. the 1 bit that was specified.
Awesome.  Thank you!
The table was in INNODB and apparently we did experience a quantity of the records being changed. All evidence I've been able to uncover so far points to that. Binary logging was enabled on this box so that digging even included mysqlbinlog -s logfile  grep -i unique identifier for that record. FWIW that update statement was logged in the binlog as well. I'm going to keep playing around with this and possibly try to make a test DB and some tables and try to reproduce it in a controlled environment as well. Thanks...
Actually your second code (with `RequestVisitor` for 1.4) makes `MyService` depending on `YourService` and vice versa. Because `MyService` uses `MyRequest` that implements `Request` that extends `RequestVisitor` that directly depends on all the services. Not cool.
Yeah your correct, my bad.
no problem, nothing serious happened ;)
Maybe I'll post a concrete example. But you can see that just by counting the repeated patterns you can identify the pieces. If 2 pieces are alike you can use a second regex pattern.
very good point about the sargability of the substring query.
Good catch, but that doesn't seem to fix it:
Any idea on how that would translate to HLSL?
It was disabled when your ISR was entered, but might it have been reenabled inside your ISR? Have you looked at the flag, andor issued another CLI, just before issuing EOI?
Youre welcome :)
It isn't very clear what you are trying to accomplish could you add Write out the SQL statement that you want SubSonic to generate
BitmapMetadata most certainly can add entries but it removes others when doing so, e.g. some of the Maker notes.
whooops the method is static.
Clicking on the compatibility button in the top right corner enables the IE7 engine in IE8.
Yes, thank you; can you give any specific reasons why rolling our own would be a bad idea so that I could pass those on to the team involved so we can make a rational decision?
Thanks, I'm a Ubuntu noob, so I have a follow up question.
DrFalk3n, yes that looks like it works
Thanks! Can I exclude <a> tags?
Hope you didn t forget the obligatory `RewriteEngine on`.
I prever to use UNICODE. Mos of my projects international ;-)
W3 Schools is terrible, they are frequently wrong, oversimplify and teach bad habits.
You can read from the input via `php:input`. See http:docs.php.netmanualenwrappers.php.php
+1 for noting that this really is a project management question.
Good question, Nathan.  I'm using Hibernate 3.2, and everything seems completely up-to-date to me.  The book also covers all the JPA 1.0 annotations, as well as including an introduction to JBoss Seam.
Any idea what signtool.exe syntax I might use for an Excel Workbook VSTO project?
if you have large collection of strings, will you still prefer hashtable?
lambda is one of those rare features that is so hard to overuse.  anywhere you can use it, it will improve readability and maintainability.  the only requisite is to really understand closures. if you don't understand them, you'll be left to believe such nonsense as this answer.
I'd like to think do you have any pointers was a really clever pun.
Neil, yup, you're right.
You said you tried boost. Did you try http:www.boost.orgdoclibs1390dochtmldatetime.html? It comes with examples http:www.boost.orgdoclibs1390dochtmldatetimeexamples.html
Uhh, this is two totally different things. On is the concept of identity, which MAY be managed by a generated sequence. And the other is a generated sequence. Complaining about one does not merit bad feelings toward the other.
That doesn't work either. I've even tried 
A further explanation of the 'x' command which eXchanges the pattern space with the hold buffer: http:www.grymoire.comUnixSed.htmluh-53
Thanks. appreaciated.
If I static + lock, all that will do will be to block other parallel calls .. when i don't need to lock, right? It will work, but be waaay slower that it could be. (I'm not intending to do that, but just trying to understand your answer 100).
Which includes (and I finally understand now) the lambda x=x : ... hack.
No it doesn't count.
Good catch Shmoopty!
Beat me to it! ;)  Nice
It produces no output, but it does give an error - if hour is undefined (and you're using strict and warnings - but you always do that) then ampm = ( hour > 12 ) ? 'pm' : 'am'; will technically work, but if the regex failed, hour is uninitialized, and so it will issue a warning in code that uses warnings. You could fix it by adding a line like hour = 0; (if hour is undefined, set it to 0) or changing ( hour > 12 ) to ( defined(hour) and hour > 12 )
Great - thanks.
Yeah! that I understand, but this is quick fix of my problem.
Yes, It is the problem. if(obj == null) passes. MenuContainer.Visible throws exception.
litb:       yup.
