And you check that produces faster code?
i still get a undefined error:
Color are important and the parent DIV has to stay at a fixed width and height. I have updated the details in the question.
> It's sad that QA has some stigma attached to it among developers, but it does.
When I get home I'll dig them up and post a link here.
So spammers use bots with Javascript enabled. 
I second this. I think it doesn't get any easier. The problem is though that bug reporting easyness in terms for the end user is by no means convenient for the people dealing with the bugs. ;)
Gishu, the ToList() method is a LINQ extension method available on IEnumerable.
Doesn't this just tell me the maximum number of connections that I will allow on the database, not the maximum that it has achieved???
The problem is that I cannot even do sums like that because structs don't have an addition operator defined.
the question is more general than the example itself (actually, in real life scenarios you don't want to be bothered by attaching a lowercase version to every string that might need icmp() later), but even in this trivial example, you don't want to double the memory only to be able to sort...
80K is trivial when you come down to it.  When I originally saw the code I was very 'wtf' until I ran it through a profiler and realized that our String allocations were roughly 400 times as large.
But you are right about the data restructure, your example is almost exactly what I ended up with. :)
Very cool.  Thanks Brannon.
Thanks for the clarification on boost::format's usage. It's tempting given that this project already depends on another boost library, but I don't think anything beats a printf that just works with std::string as Loki seems to do.
Thanks for all the help. I'll mail the library author and ask if he can switch to using a common base class, and use your proposed code until then.
Seems like a lot of code for such a basic task.
Even if it's not for php, Notepad++ needs to be in every coder's toolkit.  I use it for php, xml, javascript, config files, and gasp note taking.
Whoops, can't use Markdown in comments.
The only reason I asked this question was to create the griffon tag.  Is there a better way?
My question was not about the usefulness of PhantomReferences, but as to why not having the object deallocated until the phantomreference is cleared.
I went to the project site and watched the demo video; JSPF seems very easy to use and exactly what I want! Thanks so much.
Look at my other (later) post.
Oh, nice -- Google Gears is another good way to think about it.  I'd argue that it's again very much like session-based state, and would think of it similarly, but it's definitely missing from the list.
That will be my solution, thanks. Using a single looping thread instead of spawning new ones each time seems a good option. I made only a slight modification: I only call perform3dUpdate() if latestArgs have been modified since last pass
Provide a complete answer and I'll accept it.  So far you're the first to pick this aspect of it up.
Branan, you can't rely on that.  The standard does not require that non-static variables be zero-initialized.  Most compilers do not initialize non-static variables, because it incurs a runtime cost.
Why do you need this ? What is the type of your maven project ? jar ?
I was trying to avoid views because it would require a database update (And not all servers support them).  If I was to so a db update, I may just require the DB to support a single table.
So I shouldn't be doing this, Topbit?
And there was evening and morning and there were iterative and recursive solutions, and all was well with the world.
C, Microsoft Visual Studio 2005
You know, you can fix it, right? :)  You can always edit your answers and questions.
My experience is that those private methods are just utility method that is being reused by those public methods. Sometimes it is more convenient to split the original class in two (or three)  more cohesive classes, making those private methods public in their own classes, and therefore testable.
Most SQL databases implement some variant of EXPLAIN <query> to output a query plan. In PostgreSQL, EXPLAIN ANALYZE <query> additionally runs the query and times each part.
The :n method is better since it should respect the user's locale.
Perhaps you should consider pointing out that your question is about Python 2.5
Well, I did specify specifically that I have a strict environment on my PC of what I'm allowed to install.  However, this may be a good option, as it looks to be a source-only download and my IT dept would probably let it slide.  Good suggestion.
I wrote a framework where everything but index.php was below docroot... I don't understand why no one else does this.  Its safer and to me cleaner then having to worry about if one of my config files could be read accidentally.
Not when you add indenting into the mix. If you use 4 spaces per indent, and you're in something like, namespace->class->method->if->for, that's 15th of your space blown.
The image resides on the client and the webserver Is not able to fetch the image by uri.
Did you measure the performance difference actually?
But it wouldn't be unprecedented for the OS to request that the app suspends itself, then forces it if it doesn't in a specified amount of time.  So good citizens are allowed to clean up and bad citizens aren't allowed to make trouble.
I believe when a class that has at least one virtual function, every object has a vtable, and not one for the entire class.
I made an attempt to clarify a bit.  Feel free to correct me if I misinterpreted
There are some tools that do automated testing of GUIs, though I've not used any myself.
The fact that it happens to one user half the time (assuming they are on the same setup) leads me to think it's a session timeout as well. Loading the page, and then coming back after a coffee and hitting the button. Check php.ini to change timeout
Hi Attila:Thank you. I have two loops with variables say (i and j), now I am at i=5 and j=16, an error occured. The function I have will take the screen shot and proceed to the next step or exit the loop, I am trying to get an option which exit the loop for j alone and continues with i=6.
Oh, sorry, my bad.
Could you clarify on the buffer algorithm?
An easier way to do this is Ctrl-. (period)
A single server is working for this site so far...
I voted your analytic query solution down because it was wrong.  While efficient is a design goal, it comes after correctness.  See my analytic solution instead.
Your comments on my analytic method are incorrect. See my edit.
My error is unknown column 'authors.city' in 'group statement'.
Thanks for that info, I have updated the answer to reflect this.
...do the rows have an id field?
Yes, of course. We must assume that DoSomething() does what it's supposed to do, unless something unexpected happens... ;)
This looks great!  Thanks for sharing.
That seems like good sound advice.  
you are correct, it wont trigger.
Agreed on all three points.  XML is bloated and a challenge to handle with js while JSON is concise and native.
Yes that is a notable area where WIN32 knowledge helps alot.
What I'm trying to accomplish is pretty straight forward setting and getting of a single attribute that's used as a flag to modify the behavior of all instances so I think Observer would be overblown for what I'm trying to do.  If there were multiple attributes in question then I'd be more inclined.
So, it's weakly and statically typed?
Thank you - I'll try that.
If Delphi let you initialize a variable at the same point as you declare it (e.g. var fObject: TObject = nil) I'd be inclined to agree that initializing to a value is probably a good idea.  But to me it seems a bit much to do it in the constructor for every object field.
To be exact:
How does this relate to a performance or memory advantage at runtime?
You can also experiment with the code in question in the console (running it deliberately instead of waiting for it to run in the background) to watch things happen.
If you use a database, it's a good idea to make an in-memory table. No sense wasting disk IO on trivial tasks.
When you say in a project - what exactly do you mean? Depending on what environment you're using the answer could be different.
Is it a server-side application or a desktop application?
I'm not sure how using a const char as a key for the map is affecting the traversal order when I'm using a for() loop like I have above.  Are we traversing the map in the order of the string addresses?  So mMyMap.begin() will go to the entry indexed by the string with the lowest memory address?
No problem. His answer is more informative than mine. I even voted it up!
I agree that macros can be dangerous, but that first example would be fairly obvious to debug and of course it only gives one error. Why would you expect more? I've seen much nastier errors as a result of macros...
Whats the point of having an index if he has to have an O(N) lookup time to get at it?
Thank you for the answer! I guess that must be a difference in the way the Local Security zone is configured on different machines. It is not clear to me how this is configured, but since doing this configuration clients machine is not option, I guess in the end it doesn't matter :).
Oh, also it's not a bottleneck or anything. I'm just a nerd with nothing better to do on the weekend :)
Troels  Fortunately we are all entitled to our own opinion but I completely disagree with your statement.
Ok, that's a decent option.  I just checked, and SQL Developer does have an option to export results as a CVS or XLS file.
What I mean is that the predicted crowds of Windows developers who would start writing Linux applications has not appeared. The only Linux apps in Mono were written for Linux, on Linux, by Linux users.
Can you please be more clear? These 2 files, do you have the source or are they just binaries you have?
sixlettervariables - good on you sir! Beat me to it. Sometimes SO is strange...
Fortran is also able to automatically split calculations like this over multiple coresCPUS because it knows that the parts of an arry cannot overlap.
You can certainly have multiple children in a container and hiding all but one. There are at least two supported ways to do that - raiselower or use the geometry manager to forget one and add another. grid is particularly good at this (read up on grid remove)
yeh I know mate, and I downloaded that code and trying to understand it and even wordpress uses one open source framework.
then y should one care to release the memory of individual member?
Since you have the accepted answer, it would be nice to also mention the `item in set()` operation for completeness.
The package, at least on Gentoo, is called sg3utils.
Thanks for the reading. I think the FooBase approach is quite elegant and never thought of it. :)
well, there isn't too many ways to do that
+1, for selecting a good answer, I see people forget about Cache a lot.
Scott Meyers goes into great detail on this topic in Effective C++
Very nice solution. I still have to wrap my mind around lambda expressions but I see the beauty of this approach. Thumbs up!
FtpWebRequest has some limitsissues for non-standard ftp servers - like those used by certain large nameless banks for ACH uploads. If the ftp server provides a single unexpeced response, it just throws and exception and dies and you can't get around it.
This is not recommended practice. Please see my answer and the GPL Howto linked from there (http:www.gnu.orglicensesgpl-howto.html)
i have to agree, an excellent product with stellar support. [no i do not work for dundas]
What do you mean with 'when'? What data do you want to store in memcache?
I have tried to forcibly escaping using the escape template tag.  No dice.
Halfthor: I don't know any. Btw. I take exception at polls not so much because a lot of them are about poll whoring, but because polling is simply not what stackoverflow is about.
should happen every time a copy constructor is involved
Almost.  It should be: public void test(MyInterface mi)
I've added a working implementation
Actually that sounds a good workaround :) we will see if there are something even more mightly :)
Thats cool! Thanks
I was wondering, do he really need that if the form he displays at the lower left of his screen it's in an other thread?
I'm curious as to why this was down-voted.
I haven't tried this yet but if it works it looks perfect.  Will try it when i get home.  what includes does this require?
Thanks, I should have mentioned that... I do have the line uncommented...  LoadModule rewritemodule modulesmodrewrite.so
No problem. I'm not above admitting when I'm wrong and not above listening to reason. You made a good point.
Both in writing and speaking, I prefer to use en-gb. Though when programming always revert to en-us. This answer really echoed my thoughts!
note that there are two parents, though, DAME and SIRE
Why does main import CPerson?  It doesn't use it.  If you only create people through Room instances, you only need to import person in room.py.
Yes! Yes! YES! :-) This was the problem. Thank you so much for the solution.Now all I have to figure out is how to convince LWP to create a special socked (with the multihomed option activated).
Thanks Sergio. I think you've convinced me that the status quo can remain.
Very cool, didn't know about that. Thanks!
If you tested it, then I'm wrong.
it should not fail without generating a warning  error. Please turn all errors on with errorreporting(EALL) and make sure displayerrors are set to on to show in your browser, or check your webservers error log.
How many exceptions were your customers throwing, btw? Don't forget that by default Response.Redirect throws an exception...
I'm really glad you figured it out.  I feel a little guilty over getting Answered status for this one; at best I just gave a pointer to some useful information, and you figured it out.  Congrats....
I think this would be impossible with the condition that changes to the structure of the db are not allowed
My question is not what you mean. It's really using a Primary Key versus a Unique Key Constraint.
Andrea: OP means original poster, so, I was referring to you :)
Yeah, a lot of the architecture will be determined by the bank's conventions, and I can build packages dynamically (with some hard-won experience there), but we'll just have to see.  I'm not even sure they'll enable CLR.
I think this should be possible using win32ui and ctypes.  I found that I can get the mouse position with windll.user32.GetCursorPos(pointer(ptstruct)) (For details: http:monkut.webfactional.comblogarchive2008102python-win-mouse-position )
AFAIK, that only works on PLT Scheme. :-)
I've opened another question (http:stackoverflow.comquestions167199what-cc-tools-can-check-for-buffer-overflows) that deals with tools for helping me look for functions that can create overflows.
Jeffrey: awesome.
http:en.wikipedia.orgwikiFisher-Yatesshuffle
Yeah, I've noticed that also. I've worked on applications where there are hundreds of warnings. Most of them should have been fixed but aren't for whatever reason. I never understood it...
Interesting! I have VS2008 installed, I wonder why they didn't appear in my documentation?
In a real life application, you'd probably make sending an e-mail the last step :)
Tech lead is somewhat different from mere developer, but the general idea still holds true: if have or want to have ideas that other will follow you must be able to communicate them.
That's precision, not accuracy.
lol being marked down... does that mean programming is easy and all this effort I've gone to has been a waste?! Wowzers!
I looked into Tomcat, and it supports path-based cert requests, so I guess it's not uncommon.
Thanks for the response.  I have updated my post to provide some more details.  I removed the lowest footprint verbiage from the post since what I really want is the lowest complexitycoding effort.
Try it yourself- you can even do it with a hosts file, just set up a few bogus entries and one legitimate one- if they fail fast, you probably won't even notice the browser trying the other IPs.
Tested, and working.
To add to that comment: the reason that string concatenation isn't that bad in 2.5 (and 2.6) is that there is a specific optimisation for this case in CPython (but not necessarily any other Python implementation).
Dynamic SQL can also get query plans, it's a myth (true at one time in the past), that only stored procs get the query plans.
No kidding.  Lance, I think your answer might depend a lot on the DB engine you are talking about.
Serik: You are transposing NHibernate with sprocs for one, and I don't think you actually understand what sprocs are. It might be beneficial if you ask a broader question inviting a little education on sprocs instead.
My concern is that all of the fun questions will be popular with everyone and drown out getting specific questions answered, which is the entire point of the site.
The are not the same (and I hope I didn't say it that way on that blog), cmp is smarter than leg.
Funny, I find slow tempo (trip hop, post rock) the best environmental music for when I need to be alert.
What about if a small group of scientists studying wood decided that 1kg = 1000g? Should that become standard practice? Of course not. Lazy comp-sci students have been using 1024-byte units, but that's no reason to force users to deal with the issue.
This is effectively that is going on here [http:stackoverflow.comquestions177118algorithm-to-determine-if-array-contains-nnm177256].  It's that 'likely' in your comment that is bugging me...
Because the dictionary is declared to be Dictionary<Type, object> - and has to be, because you can't express that the type of a value in the dictionary depends on the key :(
Yes, that is actually the way to go. My you'll have to code the whole thing in Cocoa was exaggerating.
Meeh: Could you edit your title? the problem has nothing to do with strings or backslashes
Yes, my solution is only usable when every customer have their own installation of the application. Perhaps I misunderstood...
Thanks, that's a good idea. What about ability to do updates? You could do two-way rsync but there is a risk of loosing data if the server was updated while you were offline.
I disagree on the Strong .NET 2.0 Background.. Actually WPF does a lot of things different than .NET 2.0, and knowing less actually lets you master WPF faster...
I'm a one man shop, 1 phonecall to MS got me a voucher for free application testing, the app was tested, I associated my MCP id to my account, then got 3 client testimonials and Bingo!  Microsoft Certified Partner.
Just going to run with this since I already have it. I was hoping to avoid the 'bigness' but its going just fine so far.
I don't know why the editor is giving me so much trouble. At first the code blocks wouldn't do anything but indent, so I had to change it to pre tags. Then my carefully numbered sequence is now all 1s. This thing is making me look ridiculous!
Calling Join on the current thread is a pretty odd way of getting round this issue, IMO. Much better to design it such that you don't need to just sleep - set a timer and continue your work when it fires. Re-entrancy is nasty :(
I see what you did there! Hehe.
More information is neded to be able to diagnose.  Is an exception thrown?  have you stepped through with the debugger?
Unfortunately I do not know that, but I would doubt so. How would you choose the collation of the union of two incompatible columns then (assuming none of them is of default collation)?
your 'previously made choices' are all formatted wrong, could you please edit it? thanks
Realtors have been using faxed copies of signatures to sell houses.  I think a digital signature is legally binding.  Is that what you mean by a signature's value?
you bring up some interesting points, thankyou.
Since items is IEnumerable, it would be much better to use Any() instead of Count().
Thanks for the response, it looks like you and Warren provided the same basic answer. I was hoping people would post samples showing different approaches to solving this in code, it'd be great if you could post an algorithmic approach using this techqnique!
Could you elaborate on what your module is doing?
and... it could be written as
Objdump -G <file> gives a little more concise listing of the formats.
See my response to Mark Heath about garbage collection.
Bingo - that's what I thought and I agree with your suggested example.
Are you looking for a way that one thread in your process can detect if any other threads have been created in that process? I'm not sure what you mean by attachdetach.
Of course the left join returns more rows, that's not the point of the question. Why it runs more quickly WHILE returning more rows is what boggles me
Ah... nice. Great tip on using &&
thanks but this is for java hehe
Bit shifting a floating point number is insane.
this will cause the compiler to create symbols prefixed by oldlib, which won't be present in the old library, resulting in `unresolved external symbol public: thiscall oldlib::A::~A(void) (??1AoldlibQAEXZ)`
AFAIK, javascript threads are run synchronously with the UI thread.  If you have ever run into a long running script that froze your browser, you've seen this.  This may not be the case in Chrome, for example, but it is in most browsers in use.
I wasn't looking for managed objects, but thanks anyway
Can this concern be mitigated by having the OR mapper access the database through views instead of tables?
This was a great answer. Thanks for providing all the detail.
Um, this may be true on Windows, but on Linux you typically link against the shared library itself.
Agreed! Thanks Jason, I was a bit hasty
Because I might be a class ? Just because A extends I doesn't mean that I is an interface (ok that would make A an interface), but A could easily be a subclass of I, which is forbidden by the spec
What I meant by it was when a developer sits down to start working on a story; if he has any questions about the implementation he calls the PO or user(s).  Then they explain what he needs to do and he in turn puts the details into the test cases for the feature.  Then codes the feature.
That is wrong.  Casting to void is merely hiding the problem, not solving it.
getEnumConstants will return the enum 'elements' defined by this class if it is an Enum (see http:java.sun.comjavase6docsapijavalangClass.htmlgetEnumConstants() )
According to this bug report - http:archives.postgresql.orgpgsql-bugs2008-05msg00134.php, you're right. Have you tried to change the 'lcmessages' setting directly in the postgresql.conf and to restart?
any errors logged in event log?
Normally I would expect repaint on the top level container to be sufficient. However, this sounds like it may be a timing issue related to threading (unfortunately), as suggested by Bill K.
Added the command line that was used!
Testing between two different web service backends: generated Reference.CS in one case and WebClient in another.  The reference is generated within a .DLL used by both the windows app and the web page.
I think I have worded this poorly. I need to insert data into a timestamp column.
There aren't really any stable parts, per se, apart from the memory manager. Primary goals would be being able to increase newly written source code abstraction level by carefully using templates, classes, and reduce cross-dependencies, particularly those caused by global variables.
C 'internal' is actually hurting encapsulation much more than C++ 'friend'. With friendship, the owner explicitely gives the permission to whoever it wants. Internal is an open ended concept.
Good point. I'll do that.
Who voted down all those good answers?
Yep,
I wanted to mention here that Cade Roux's solution worked best for me since I had a lot of NULL data values in the target table, but I could see how well COALESCE would work if I had data in all of my columns, so the upvote on BoltBait's solution definitely warrants merit.
Yup, it's obscure. :)  There's Delphi and C++Builder legacy code floating out there in corporate land, though.  Best to be thorough.
The FK relationship should induce an index on the userid in the second table, making this an index join which should limit the impact on performance.
Using it as a JPA with doclet. I am assuming it is somewhere in the Webapp rather than the database itself as a dump to a different machine gives the same results.
That's exactly how the Get's were written!
Second option as I think about it, seems to be a very good option, if there is no way to do this straight at the time of serialization.
The canonical definition of an equality operator depends on where you're coding it: Inside the class, you're right. Outside, tenpn is right, and I prefer his notation: Meyers and Sutter discussed the idea non-members non-friend functions where better than member functions for encapsulation...
Mitch:  The database imposes extra network connections as opposed to the IO calls for a local file.  The time difference may be noticable, particularly if you can use sendfile() for IO. (sendfile() info: http:articles.techrepublic.com.com5100-1087811-1044112.html )
Replacing the loop with `calloc` now gets lim = 100,000,000 done in ~4s
just watch out for the trailing spaces on CHAR when matching against a string
Oh, you don't have to convince me that a local developer can be worth 1000 times what the off-shore programmer is worth.  I've spent the last 6 years fixing the screw-ups of our China office.  But try to convince the bean counters of that.
Not quite. In typical implementations, what is added to the struct is a vtable pointer.
It would be helpful for those unfamiliar with xkill if you gave a brief description of that it's doing.
I think the following should still give this error:
ServiceManager is still in the javaws.jar; Do you know if there's any official documentation stating the system properties that are set?
<stdint.h> is in C99, not older C standards, for what it's worth. Furthermore, an implementation must provides uint64t and int64t if and only if it provides the corresponding 64 bit integer type. A C99 implementation is not required to provide one, but it is extremely likely to.
someone has a fascination with octopi.. and really bad James Bond movies.. :)
The main problem was the ConnectionString not the ExecuteScalar() method
Continuing: (d) And which version of 'make' are you targetting with the := assignments?  That is a non-standard notation.
I voted you up, but you should split your answer to separate answers, one-command-per-answer as requested by the question.
Yep, totally agree! :-)
Thanks. So if you didn't know that you had to download an extra part of it, there is no way of creating a type safe url?!
Make that 3 in 3 minutes! I guess that can only mean we've got it right ;-)
Luke, I still think it's possible by forcing an onLoad in the proto (or contructor) chain; it's just complicated enough to make my head spin.  If it isn't possible, I'd love to know why.
I really, really hate the idea of penalties and even if I wouldn't qualify it as fascist, I personnaly would not accept this and resign immediately. The state can fine you not your colleagues. What next ? creating a jail ni the basement ?
Terrapin what you need more to accept this answer?
dotnetcoder--the trade-off is that you will incur a performance hit if your application needs any of the resources you freed, which is relatively likely.
No, having a separate table per category does not affect normalization.
This is the design pattern used by the big boys. Gets my vote.
Hmmm ... I think the problem I am having is my parent is equal to null ... even though I am passing it in the Show().
How did you get your server implementation to not block when processing a query?  We've implemented (I HOPE!) a pretty naive clientserver perf-test, and we observed that long-running queries block the server from processing others.  Our perf-client operations are all read-only.
Good point. You may wish to manipulate atq in whatever process is editing myhappyschedule. I'll have to think about this over lunch.
Actually, if you use the as keyword or just cast the variable, you are doing the same thing. The only difference between the two is as returns null if it can't cast, instead of throwing an exception.
[...] Thus, this answer is outside my I need to read the reasons the C++ construct is as good as or even better the original C construct requirement.
While you are at it... Look for characters invalid in e-mail addresses. Anyway: Wouldn't a form field that asks for the mail address be simpler or am I still missing the point?
Compared to hand-writing the conversion in VB6 as I did.  Orders of magnitude faster than doing XSLT (I was converting ADO Recordsets into HTML - back in 2002 or something :-)
Yep, I missed that, oops :).  I was thinking that you wanted it last, but the code you have is correct for getting it in the 3rd place.
Even if the Java stack is int-based, that doesn't mean its object layout has to be. I'm working up a benchmark...
Nothing is there,In the first line itself ,it is setting the Response,Buffer to true
I have used DataSets before and it was a good solution. It may not be the most elegant way, but certainly it works.
Yes, I'm invoking YAGNI in this case. :-)
We're not worried about compression coming from the server. We're worried about compression going TO the server. I've edited my question to reflect this.
I upvoted it although it's not an answer, but I think it's important to note that the OrderBy is ignored when not in the correct place (when you think about its kinda logical).
So max in db2 is scalar and aggregate? interesting.
This is actually implemented in a class library file that is reference within the WCF Service.  I can not use any System.Web because it is not an ASP.NET application
It means that there's little point in looking at it as a tree - it makes more sense to look at any one attempt as a set of flips instead of a path of flips. IMO, anyway :) Working out all possible sets is easier than working out all possible paths.
I don't know exactly why, but your post made me chuckle! -up-vote!-
Yeah but this is my first project in rails and I'm getting tired of having to relearn everything to do it the rails way. I wanted something straightforward like netsmtp. Thanks for the link though, I'll check it out for my next project.
This was a good jumping off point for additional googling, but unfortunately GIMP doesn't have a close analog built in.
Could you provide a bit more detail?
what about Isolated Storage?
That's k.  Learn lambdas.  They're shorthand delegates is all.  And they are GRRRREAT!
Interfaces are the best solution? What about inheritance? With an interface, you must implement every member in every class that uses it, even if those implementations are the same. With inheritance, the base class can implement common members, while the derived classes only contain custom members
You don't need to save a query in order to run a report. The report definition has a Recordsource property that is stored with the report.
Yes, thanks, severalpeople have mentioned the Boost libraries - i'll check them out :)
.NET Code has never been interpreted. It is compiled from IL to native code, one method at a time. That is not interpretation. The method pointers are then modified to point at the compiled method, so that future calls always call the native code. Additionally, you can preJIT the entire assembly.
Using the name would also make it slower; a balancing act.
This is not the Right Thing if you want a full-project version number, as Rev changes only when that file is updated, not when anything in the project is updated.
You install the marker file last, and you can name it DONOTDELETE.ME or something if you're concerned about users who probably don't belong anywhere near the Program Files folder... Alternatively you can check the registry to see if there is a standard uninstall entry for your app (AddRemove Progs)
If there aren't ANY indexes on the tables as the OP states, statistics aren't useful. He's stuck with a full table scan. Otherwise, good point.
The POSA books were not patterned after the GOF book - the GOF happened to be first to be published - they were in production at the same time.
For some designs, a Factory interface and implementations of it, plus a FactoryRegistry are better than functions. But it's essentially the same thing. Good one.
Why use splautoloadregister above autoload?
I looked at that book...hated it. So I picked up the GoF book and learned all about design patterns from that. It was kind of dry, but much more informative.
Ron:  I agree 100  Having used DTS and knowing it thoroughly, I cant stand SSIS and gave up on it for a large project such as the same as this question asks..  Millions of rows inserting from flat files which I have no control over the creation with anomalies that I cant correct.  SSIS just fails.
ipc - http:en.wikipedia.orgwikiInter-processcommunication
I think you probably want to go with the other suggestions if you don't want a keypress handler.  Try position:absolute; left:-9999px; to pull your content out of the page. Or use absolute position, change opacity to zero and z-index to -1.
That's a good policy.
Ohloh was exactly what I was looking for, thanks!
trimDirectiveWhitespaces sounds very useful, although some googling reveals it's only since JSP 2.1 (so it's pretty new).
I didn't suggest that the GC was obliged to do it in a timely manner. I stand by my claim that manaul disposal of regular objects is unnecessary.
BTW http:www.rubular.com is awesome for this stuff.
Even for this little demo, you should add a check for the input value, since code targets a newbie... :-)
Excellent answer, thank you for the point about Marlett (I didn't know that).
it's standard .net wcf.  should work in either
Why LEFT JOIN? I thought INNER JOIN is suffient?
Nop, project from work, but we're a small company with no one to do data modeling, and I'm still an intern
Indeed, I feel you make the most interesting point. If c99 c-code won't compile on pre-c99 compilers, then why not add this feature and allow us to remove unnecessary tokens from our codebases.
I wouldn't say it should NEVER be done.  In the right situation, it is entirely appropriate.
Yeah, I ran it with 100000 (one hundred thousand) and it took about a minute...
Thanks, edited my question so hopefully it's clearer what I meant.
This is almost exactly what I've decided to to. I still have a few quirks to work out to make sure that the text box only has a value from the list.
Thanks much for the reply!
doesn't feel right because this way I am coupling boundary objects
As a further note, even if you don't think that you can actually use a framework, you can always look at a framework like Zend for ideas on how to build your own.
CLRS is fantastic.  Definitely worth the time investment.
FileNotFound ftw!!
Leon, do you think is possible to ride of typeof() using a different method ? I was thinking about tr1::resultsof...
Agree with all of these - number 3 is especially important.  Even just explaining it to someone can help (see the Cardboard Dog)
I will take a look it sounds interesting although we are running RHEL servers and I dont think they run ruby :(
Agreed, what about say, Mike St. James for example? An incorrect surname would be returned.
Actually it's not that hard to achieve and has worked quite nicely for me. Take a look at the source code of my site. The HTML is all <div>s and <span>s and <li>s with content inside, and the CSS contains all the layout.
Thanks, sorted it on my work machine and will do on my home machine later today!
Regarding those .erb.js files, would you mind taking a look at my other post? I'd really appreciate it! http:stackoverflow.comquestions260476rails-how-to-update-a-hasmany-through-relation-via-jquery
I think it's an exaggeration to call this bit-swap naive :-) I reckon I'd back my solution against it for speed and code size on ARM, especially if n is known at compile time, but maybe not so much on x86.
We miss that feature in browsers...;(
Interesting!  Thanks for sharing your approach to sharing.  Our file sharing is currently very unstructured, so implementing something like what you do would unfortunately take a large amount of work.
Ah .. See my answer - It almost reads as a comment to yours.
Same behavior in MySQL - the new column does not become part of the view.  Apparently the wildcard is converted to a list of columns at the time the view is created.  Also renaming a column in the base table makes the view unusable.
Joe Pineda:  Sorry, a bad algorithm will never run well on amy processor.  The right algorithm may run better on Intel than Sparc, but the wrong algorithm will be horrible everywhere.
My unit tests cover what what can be mocked. This is a final test deployed on a QA environment to see that the whole lot plays together.
thanks for your answer!
Maybe a hint about what is going wrong, how you're inserting the data, what it looks like in the DB, how you're reading it back, how you're outputting it...
I have tested it in IE6, IE7, FF3, Opera9, Safair (Windows Beta), and Chrome (Windows Beta).
`readonly` is set by a single thread, once, before the rest of the threads are run.
Sorry. That doesn't verify if you have physically access to the file but only if your privilege under the framework includes reading files which doesn't meet the requirement of the question.
It has an extra colon at the end.
This will only work for calls directly to malloc() in that file. Any malloc calls in functions in other files (or in a library that you don't control) will not be affected. If you do this, however, you should probably have a myrealloc as well.
For non-native types, you might (depending on how well the compiler optimises code) get a performance increase using const references instead of just references.
That would be in line with the 'Replace the autoptr implementation' idea. I'm hoping I could do something a bit less than introducing a new STL implementation in our project. It is two years old and we are five people writing it. But thanks anyway.
Instead of tacking on answers to your post, you can actually add information to your original question by clicking edit. Users can see what's been changed and it doesn't just keep adding onto the answers column.
public boolean remove()
Nothing to do with C++ either
Thanks. It worked. :) You can also call it with dpkg -i pathtofooVVV-RRR.deb
I'm confused.  When setting up the MulticastSocket don't you bind it to a specific address?  Isn't that the address anyone can use to send to everyone?  You should already have the information even if it isn't available off the packet itself.
Actually I have the object to the new session doing this, calling the get with the new session, but the point is trying to avoid calling the db again, because of performance improving purposes.
Ben - How would I figure that out?
I ended up moving away from using  widths.  I believe your approach would work just as well though. Thanks!
It goes in a codebehind on the FocusedRowChanged event handler of a Devexpress grid
Foo. I did look at the similar questions Stackoverflow told me about, but I didn't think to use the term version control :(
I am getting werid letters like ^
Impressive, Thanks.
The Squeak VM isn't really written in Smalltalk - rather in Slang. Slang is just C with a Smalltalk syntax.
I feel that Martin Fowler is more appropriate and that UML Style does not provide the overarching non diagrammatic advice required.  This is not just drawing, but helping people communicate.  Martin Fowler addresses this.
Timothy - yes, there are reasons. People like Ian Cooper could talk all day about them ;-p (good chap, knows his ORM stuff)
You're totally right, I was just trying illustrate all the possible ways an event could overlap.
You can write a simple enough array guard yourself to make this exception safe and to have the memory freed properly.  See Lou Franco's answer.
Fortunately, someone else hit the return key, but basically, that was what happened.
That's true.  I think the author mentioned wanting to sort by display name.  Could be rewritten to take an additional parameter indicating whether to sort on display or value.
lock statement does not work the same way ReaderWriterLock does.
See Brad Wilson's post too for more info. The link you posted had a useful comment.
So after fooling around with it I think I'm going to look into Virtual Hosts and see about hosting a production and test environment on the server.  SuggestionsThoughts?
db in this case is the DataContext for my Linq to SQL class.
Paul, Good one. But beyond streams, it becomes platform specific I think.
If you used var instead of var, it wouldn't work if you had both abc and abcdef.
I got it working.
Do the beans share connection parameters or does UIBean have a reference to connectionBean?
George; a virtual PC is better in most circumstances .. I even voted it up.  However, it wasn't posted till a half hour after I wrote this.
It's meant as an example, not an exhaustive list.
Jeremy: I don't see your object, I'm afraid. The value of the default for y is clearly evaluated at execution time - it relies on the current date. It's not a constant. Please clarify what you believe can't be done.
Very nice solution, thanks! The currently accepted one is more generic, but yours is more portable.
I know the id of the input element, but not the id of the label.
This is a good approach to solving the problem outside of the DB, but it doesn't solve the problem in the DB which is, arguably, where this should be taken care of.
done, this is sql 2005 but i need to support 2000 as well
Last release supports GtkBuilder, but there is no UI for turning it onoff.
Yes, but that's true of any free tool for creating non-broken MSI Files.  Many of the commercial ones don't have a great reputation, either.  If you want easy, use Inno Setup, but it won't be MSI.  NSIS is said to be easy, too.
there is a Queue class, but it doesn't have an AddRange, so this is more compact code-wise, but they are functionally equivalent
I don't think is true is a correct SQL92 syntax...
This is, of course, the correct answer.  This is our attempt to slap some duct-tape on the problem while we try to convince the vendor it really is their problem.
The point of my question is to determine the value of the XML comments for the purposes of generating external documentation, not commenting the code itself. Your reaction of ah too much! is part of the problem, yet how do we create good doco without the comments?
Nevermind, I see you said Advantage. I don't have a test box for that or I'd try to find you a working query. Sorry :(
Using Access with multiple users when you are incompetent programing applications against the Jet databgase engine sometimes results in pain. But it's the INCOMPETENCE that is the problem, not AccessJet.
Just as you said in your question: a::open() or b::open().  No problems as long as you have the header files; otherwise you cannot call them at all.
Hmm... I used synchronized (this) around the += stuff but am still getting unpredictable results...
You are right, I've updated the reply. Now I am curious, too.
I could come up with your ->can method in C and make my code look almost the same as yours, without interfaces, if I wanted to hide it all away in a duck typing library.
I'm on Mac OS X, which is based on BSD UNIX.  See http:www.freebsd.orgcgiman.cgi?query=split
i have upload a sample console Application that crash http:www.subnus.netConsoleApplication3.zip
With GCC, I might use:
Do you have any idea how hard it is to put people's names back into title case?
This particular query uses Oracle Spatial so 'src' and 'tableB' are part of the INNER JOIN statement in the SDOANYINTERACT call.  If they have any spatial relationship, they will be joined.
I'd have a very bad feeling about any software where this made a difference.
so it will always use more space than UTF-8 -- you mean more or equal space.
Unfortunately essential elements of Xara's renderer are not open-source. Great app, but their Linux effort seems to have died, sadly.
Upvoted - Although, I've found the CYA aspect more important than the efficiency. How many times I've heard but I didn't ask for that, and been able to respond with no, but your partner sent me this email...
Perhaps starting debugging within VS might be a work around. See below.
Yes, that would always give you 40 spaces before the contents of the pointer.  That's a nice solution, but if you have to do it a lot I think a constant with 40 spaces would be faster.  I don't know if the compiler is able to optimize printf formats.
Sorry. I've read your posts before, and I assumed you were American. You guys hiring? Holland is like the ancestral homeland I never had.
How do you know it's a Javascript bug in Chrome? Just because it works across a lot of browsers doesn't mean it's not a bug in the sites code.
Not really.  The C specification for fwrite notes that it makes repeated calls to fputc:  http:www.opengroup.orgonlinepubs009695399functionsfwrite.html
On a similar note, I hate it when table names must be singular.  My instinct is to name a table that holds, say, customers, Customers, not Customer.  Sounds minor, till you realize all the trouble you would save if only you could name your table Transactions instead of [Transaction].
Yes, thats what I am doing, but the problem is in the actual code. I have a filestream 
This couples the methods to the reporter class, which means you can't call the method without reporting (or adding a parameter to control whether or not you call the reporter).  That may be OK - just sayin'.
Yeah, I think I need to take a re look at the architecture. I should be taking note of the fixes and try to redesign it down the road. Thanks for the suggestion!
+1 Jira's customizable work flow and integration with Subversion seem to fit the problem quite well.  I've used it similar situations with no more pain than the process itself causes.
Thank you! I've added:
I came across this link via the blog post I linked to in the question.  I was hoping to avoid adding another dependency, if at all possible.
What about the two episodes penned by William Gibson? Those were horrible. I remember a reference to a 3d model being bit-wrapped and one of the Lone Gunmen reprogramming a computer by fiddling with a hard drive.
http:en.wikipedia.orgwikiEnumeratedtypeAda
It's true that file locks are not transactional, being pessimistic rather than optimistic, but FS in general are transactional for performance reasons.
The little 1001 things are characters that firefox doesn't know how to display.  If you're telling it (via your HTTP headers) that a document is in one charset when it's actually in another (or even part of the document is in another) then it's going to get very confused.
Thanks for your comment on my post; my query was way off and I've removed it. Cheers
SVN is free, same cost as VSS to you.
App2 will not be read-only, but the amount of data going back will be much smaller.  I'd guess it will be about a 100 to 1 ratio.
I just found this too... in combination with the above will give me pretty much everything I need :)
The maximum ETHERNET packet size is around 1500 bytes.  The maximum TCPIP packet size is around 65k bytes, though that is, except under special circumstances, always fragmented into smaller packets.
I can definitely do that. I mentioned CreateProcess because it's my best alternative, but what you say would work.
This is one of those use what works cases where I agree with Anon.  Normally, I would go out of my way to provide a PowerShell answer but not this time.  :)
This can be complex, depending on how interconnected these dependencies are.  The only easy solution is to make the class sealed.
This is how jQuery does it, though I'm not sure the best way of changing it so that it returns a boolean.
I wanted columns, so the markup would be something like:
I suspect you don't really mean that as absolutely as you put it. For instance, C 2 isn't 100 backward compatible with C 1. It's close, but it's not 100. By your logic no-one should have gone with VS2005 or VS2008.
2 is the lowest prime number, so 0 and 1 are not prime by definition.  This might also be true of negatives, but I think my last comment still holds up.
Thanks for this.  I printed it out!
Find me a Unix-like system running PHP that doesn't have a GNU version of sed :)
I am sure that the script has uploaded the file successfully and even it completes the tasks it supposed to do. Also I have overrided the post max size value in apache conf file. All the error flags has been turned on.
Ask another question about this. There is a standard XPath 2.0 tokenize() function. In XSLT 1.0 one can write a recursive template or use FXSL's str-split-to-words template. As I said, this is a totally different question and probably this was your main question in the first place.
Thanks, I wouldn't have been aware of the perf issues if you hadn't pointed that out to me :)
are you using HTTP or HTTPS?
Jon: Yeah. I went down the route and ran into that limitation.  I may end up doing that, though.
Oh, and both classes need to be able to refer to each others' private members.
After digging though the source code I thought maybe I could save others the trouble
Yes, good point about the SQL comments.
Hmm, looks very similar to Versions. Unfortunately they both don't have diff viewers.
Or you could have a small field in the customer table which indicates use delivery address for invoices.
you seem really experienced after browsing your page, what way do you distinguish between private and public methods?
Really? I don't mean this to be argumentative, but that is the first time I have read that recommendation. Can you point me to sources on that recommendation so I can learn more?
You, as the programmer of a program, can't free memory allocated by your program after said program terminates.  It's simply beyond you control.  So the first point is reundant.
Mathematicians get a huge net go to Africa, wrap it around themself and loudly state I define this as outside
http:docs.djangoproject.comendevtopicsdbqueriesthe-pk-lookup-shortcut.  PK means the PK, either the one you defined in the model or the default PK, which will be ID.
you put foobar.html in xampphtdocs .. and get it via http:localhostfoobar.html .. you can put folders under htdocs etc ..
I never inferred it's always a bad idea. Unless you're say Frans Bouma or similar, I doubt ORMDAL stuff is a core business function. It's extremely cost inefficent to write your own equivelant, a case of reinventing the (square) wheel, usually due to NIH syndrome.
Steven and Andrew, why do you assume I don't know the answer? Okay, if you like, let's bring a little http:www.urbandictionary.com to StackOverflow ;-)
Adam - made readBuf an automatic array.  That should stop the leak.
fdsayre: If your files and word lists aren't very large, you might be able to get away with using a multiline grep utility (like mg) that you can provide a list words and ask for a count.  This can become very inefficient though if the word lists or search text is large.
Both these work, and they're both good, so I'm upvoting two for the first time ever.
Good one, BBB :)
I think your answer was one of some posible, i vote you up
So can you run the wsf programs the same as the vbs ones (i.e., is there an association based on the file extension)? Id check but my Windows boxes are at work, I run Linux at home where I am now.
Of course, this forces you to supply the same information twice: both the type argument for whatever descendant of List<U> that you supply as T, and again as U. So, it would be Parse<List<int>,int>, or Parse<List<string>,string>, etc., which seems redundant.
I disagree - VAT should be calculated once at the time of invoice, albeit using a table like the one you've described.
(actually placement new is the only mechanism that can reuse the storage that some object occupies. the standard even uses this in that paragraph in examples. look it up :))
There is every chance that you can achieve the right result - its just more work. I have code that successfully does this (though not using regex).
Personally I would say that my sense of humor would have to be adjusted accordingly before I could watch Office Space (US). :)
Almost what I want. I see a big hole though in that it is entirely possible that two activity descriptions may have the same timestamp.
Revised with function :-)
I don't have many problems with Python. I love the language. But 3 is so needed.
The code as shown will never reach newRed, both because of integer truncation and an off-by-one error. Better to restructure as currentRed = oldRed + ((i  (newRed - oldRed))  (steps - 1).
It calculates how many iterations away that point is, returning the number of iterations or 0 if it's too far away.
Agreed. There is no reason for a well designed app to have a requirement to disable the tab key. It's like asking can I disable the back button? You just don't do it. It's part of the expected standard.
That's cool. Thanks.
Hmm.. are you going between different Endianness? If so that would cause those integers to be incorrect when you converted them back from the byte array..
Yeah, you can't set the max lower than the min.
Thanks Rob very good point.
Just noticed it and fixed it.  I usually program in c if you couldn't guess.
I strongly agree with the need for a strong business sponsor with a commitment to the project, but the evidence you're asking for can be difficult to demonstrate.
I got ARTICLENO from pk = row[0]['ARTICLENO'];
signed: formatting is the first form of commenting
+1 for not thinking too complicated ;-)
Wouldn't style=:hover  be equivalent to a  :hover   in stylesheet? That obviously is a syntax error.
Both web service and OM are (mostly) backwards compatible but some of the web services have new methods to get new features (e.g. .GetWebPart2 I think)
Steph Thirion: See http:developer.apple.comdocumentationCocoaConceptualExceptionsTasksRaisingExceptions.html for all of the details. Bottom line? Both will work, but throw can be used to throw objects that are not of class NSException.
Yes: pointers variables are variables, as are integer variables.
yes - that's it's point. Highly interactive, very impressive. But pure Javascript.
I have it working, currently live and with active users. I've fiddled all right. And I've done the measuring and testing to make sure this is the actual bottleneck.
But you can use DataGridItem.FindControl to find the DDL by ID and DataGridItem.DataItem to get the MaxOrderLevel. Then you can set the list's selected value with the same property that you've currently got in the markup.
It sort of does. I don't think it explicitly prevents or allows unicode, but this is the minimum allowable character set: http:www.csci.csusb.edudickc++stdcd2lex.htmllex.charset
another way to get a random number (assuming GNU coreutils): seq 10000sort --random-sorthead -n 1
Exactly what I need. If I could upvote this more than once I would!! Thanks!!!
But wouldn't that be a reason to use it? (And not NOT to use it?)
Except Boolean algebra.
+1 as I, too, am an idiot.
You're going to get a lot of hate commentary when you imply that others are less efficient because they have to use unit tests. The reality, IMO, is that unit testing takes more time than it saves and is rarely as useful as people make it out to be. I guess in the OSS world, you have that luxury.
What about the upper 128 chars? Did you mean 7-bit?
I fixed the question.  You've basically summed it up correctly.  
Interesting. Wouldn't this get exponentially slower for each extra order that a customer has as the database will need to join each order to every other order?
I've worked with developers who never caught any errors in their unit tests. One wrapped his his whole test in a trycatch, then did nothing in the catch. Another wrote tests with custom asserts that never actually asserted anything. Always be suspicious of tests that pass on the first try.
Awesome!  Thanks.
I've always wondered if that depended on what we do with the data. Since DataReader relies on the database server to buffer the information, so on a big result set,if our calculation is complex, like building a network graph, which gets harder with every new node, it would clog up the database.true?
You're absolutely right... I've found a solution though, so I'm going to redo this answer...
heh and you need to make it look good for that? Gotta love our tax dollars at work;-) I'm just kidding with you. If I come up with anything I'll letr you know
Just looked up the dict online.. I used it in the 'pacify''allay' sense of the word and not 'suppress' :) I like throwing words around..
If you ever go to Germany or if you ever see just about any German text you'll see what I'm saying.
What RDBMS'es other than MySQL do support an ENUM datatype? (This is not a rhetorical quesion.)
You're missing the referenced example.
Kibbee, depends how far on the scale, the real hard core geeks disable security because their systemway of working is impervious to security flawsinformation leaks :P
Agreed.  Sit down and decompose the problem.
this should get you a 5gb file pretty quick: dd if=devzero of=foobar count=5242880 bs=1024
The real name for it is maximum segment lifetime, MSL. Not sure you can change this in Windows or even if you should - it's meant to be set based on network characteristics. Windows sets it to 120s, I think. All TCP params are in HKEYLOCALMACHINESystemCurrentControlSetServicesTcpipParameters.
Very helpful.  Thank you!
Peter.  Disagree.  You can use positional args and eliminate the labels and ='s.  It translates perfectly to Java.  Already used it in production applications to define a declarative DSL.
Although multiple returns do lead to occasional debugging hassle. Such as having to set multiple breakpoints, one on each return. Or having to rename the whole function and wrap it in a new version of the old name, in order to log the return value. Nothing you can't deal with as far as I've seen.
Just reminded me of why I go Yikes when i see cpp.
Does it complain when you open a solution that has C projects in it?
Obfuscating is a pointless waste of time that rarely accomplishes anything more than being an annoyance.  TrollTech, MySQL AB, and many other companies deliver unobfuscated source code and do quite well because of - not despite - doing so.
It is undefined behavior, but in this case the expression has only one possible result, which is 14. Do you program by logic or by law?
Comments are not compiled. Live and let live.
Its only a bad thing if you don't know your client base, which is also a bad thing.
Does assembling this type of link in javascript provide adequate protection?
Amazon is a bit of a special case - never mind SQL queries, how many web service requests does it do per hit on the home page? I've heard 100+ but I can't find a link. The significant metric is load time, not number of requests, and Amazon has considerably more silicon than you...
This worked, but I'm confused as to why. Is KeyValuePair a value type?
and if you're not, it's too late...
Unfortunately i don't have full access to the server, so i can't check the windows event log.
True. Would like to include a couple of more, Programming to an Interface, and Seperation of Concerns.
Here's an idea - start a new logfile each time. then you have historical logs that won't be overwritten. You can also delete the oldest log (to keep the last 3, say) and you will be in log heaven.
Good points!  My system is soft real-time, not hard real-time.
I've even seen this reported as a bug more than once.
That did the trick...Thanks a lot.
get off coffee...
SQLite was my plan for initial implementation, but I have reasons to want a choice later on. But I notice that Sqlite doesn't impelemnt time-like types, which may be an issue. Upvote nonetheless.
You can't really practice regular expressions by making up situations. Regular expressions are only really useful when you have unknown input.
we use it in production, it works great (full disclosure: we wrote it)
The query I wrote above already works, I'm just questioning its optimality. 
Hello,
Good workaround! simple!
Can you please double-check with your friend if problem description is indeed correct?  I thought I could do this with Hamming codes or parity bits, but so far I've had no success, and the problem keeps pinning in my head. :)
that has the problem of not being able to detect a user that has just walked away from screen with the page open.
Although I would want it tuned by the devs, the harsh cold reality is that most devs have zero clue how to create good queries.  This is the number one reason for linq's existence.
It's doing something funky to my code...
doesn't calling new Random() like that result in the same seed being used over and over within the same millisecond?
No, we've still got you beat by 3 chars - assuming you add back in the NEEDED System namespace.
that's my question
I love your second bit of code, but the first one's indentation burns my eyes a little.
Hehe... I was just about to post the exact same solution.  You was 5 sec faster than me. :-)
I have a method called LogToDB(control, controlName) which is redundant (all my calls are like LogToDB(txtFoo, txtFoo) .)  I wanted to avoid repeating the name in these, but I guess any way around this would be just as redundant.
Should we start adding geographic specific tags?  Like us-specific.  I had no idea what verizon is they don't seem to trade here in the UK.
I believe you should see a tick mark to click if you own the question?
i forgot to mention the radio button is also nested inside a wizard's template step, so you think I should just expose it's client id as a property in the code behind server side code?
Yes, after all, reliability depends on the authentication server. From a single user perspective, using OpenID might not make a big difference, but if you look at a Web site as a whole, if one server gets shut down, only some users will get hurt. Others will continue to work without problem.
You can convert latin1 strings (Which is the default for php5), using utf8encode(). Why is it that you can't use Zend Framework components?
This means you're outputting something before obstart() or after the obendclean() block. Output buffering (the ob functions) take care of buffering any output allowing you to use it or (as in this case) discard it later. Put your code at do stuff here
+1, doesn't work in my case, but...
+1, Half the challenge is understanding the student. This is why 1:1 is more effective than classes, because you can learn the students thoughts and augment your data to suit. Many however, lack patience, like myself ;)
What about managed DirectX, are there any retail games that have been written in completely managed code using managed DirectX? Something I've always wondered about....
If you want to acheive a hand drawn look, why don't you hand draw it?
That said, if there is absolutely no need for changing protocol at run time, and the system needs to be designed with a pay for what you use philosophy, policy based design seems warranted.
the '==' performs type coercion (conversion), meaning the compiler will implicitly try to convert the values. For example, [1 == true true] because it converts the 'true' to a 1...but [1 === true false] because a number is not equal to a boolean
Blankman: yes - saw it in MSDN magazine early this year (or late last year). Being allergic to LDAP, it really caught my eye.
True - but I find Process Explorer to be a more convenient tool, even if it is an additional install  :
I think one of the benefits of REST is that there are no solid standards beyond HTTP.  The reason WS- is both bloated and easy-to-use is that everything is standardized, so it solves everyone's problem.  REST fills a different niche by keeping itself custom.
gotcha. to answer my question now - this expansion will happen even in  the function 'f', right?
I'm assuming both of those because Double.valueOf does (IIRC).
fantastic answer, though I believe all the technical issues could be resolved. You could make it a keyword which enables reflection on a class. you could get compile time errors if reflection is used on a non keyworded class. Also you could disallow it being combined with templates.
No, LIMIT is nonstandard SQL.  As far as I know, it's supported only by MySQLPostgreSQLSQLite.
I'm saying it's a matter of how much hurt, and how much help. It's not worth all the implementation and support overhead for a .05 gain; which is entirely possible. I'm saying your suggestion is pretty random if you don't qualify or compare it and just say probably, as if it were obvious.
yeah.  NO = Number
Keep in mind that if a user uses a view source (one that fetches what is currently in the DOM) will still show those rows if you use this method.
Why do you want a regexp? Perhaps there another way to solve this.
You mentioned working with References, thus I assumed you were working with Managed code. Managed code does not use the headers from other projects and works this way.
Fixed the formatting for you - you need to select it and hit the Code Sample (binary icon) button
The global object has a few other things it does.  It actually handles feature configuration and whether an object type should be able exist or not depending on available hardware and other factors.
i see what you're saying now, and you are right. i should have more specifically stated that i had a Win32 programming question.
In this case my clicker opens a UI modal dialog.  When does the onclick assignment execute?  If before jQuery ready, then onclick could run before the dialog is ready; if after, then I'm not delaying it at all.
and then meets up with his friends, Alice, Bob, and Carol.
If I'm not mistaken, this has been around since some of the early days of C++. (Straight C probably had it too but I can't recall.)
That looks like another ORM tool Ahmad. It usually boils down to DataReaders and so on under the covers... ORM is just about saving you from writing the same code by hand over and over. Then again, we wrote our own ORM tool, so I do admit that I like to control the leaks in my abstractions.
What about logging? Which log? In some cases I certainly don't want it to be global I may want to pass different logs to different objects. I may have different instances of logs. I used to use global logs, which became a major problem in an application we made a while back.
<= ... > is evaluated, < ... > is executed is how I like to remember it.
Iteresting that you mention Terry Halpin.  I used the Object Role Modeling feature of Visio for Architects that came with Visual Studio 2005 Architect.  It made quick work of creating databases from business requirements.
I think your response means: it can, but only if you are accessing directly with the file: protocol. Am I right?
yay, go legacy! You know it works :)
It's even more fun when you find one in a third party's library code...
what is mean by sequence point?
I try with a ZipInputStream, thanks for the hint.
Sorry, but this is only somewhat helpfull, because the most exceptions do not need the program to stop entirely. These events are usefull for for some special glitches anyway.
ah, nice. is this.constructor undefined in the 'else'?
See http:stackoverflow.comquestions366682how-to-limit-execution-time-of-a-function-call-in-python
No, TIMEWAIT is after socket is closed() on the local end. I asked about state before closing() the descriptor.
is there always 2 tokens after the 'import' or are they variable?
This is also nice piece of software. too bad i can't select more answers as accepted. upvoted though. thank you
If the number of columns could grow, you're definitely doing it wrong - see my post (the rant on why you shouldn't have your DB schema set up this way :-).
Tom: Yes binary compatibility is the issue. But which flags change this. This is why in IDE's (who take the safe course) build each target in separate directories. And all objects for a target are built using the same flags. But this is not specifically a template issue.
Are you sure your web server isn't logging this by default? :)
Search for apache php parse and you get several suggestions
Good list - I'll edit my question to clarify some of these
It was implied that spouses would be in the PERSON relation. If we use the bidirectional link you mention, how is it different from the alternate schema in the question?
IIRC, this was the story of the graphical calculator application.
I'm advocating two tracking systems with very different properties.  That or a single tracking system that we configure better than our existing bug tracking system, which is not well suited for tracking things like project manager forgot to update X in handout for meeting Y.
There's always the XML option... even if your database doesn't support it natively, you can throw it into a VARCHAR column. Plus there's precedent for unprintable characters (using unicode escape sequences).
Actually this means the fault is in Linq to ADO.NET Data Services as it doesn't support or expressions.
What is this OPTION=35 for?
Why implement that in a backing set? It's rather easy to implement that without storing all Integers (which can be rather memory intensive), as long as you don't need to support add() and remove(). I'd also add that a List would be more fitting (as there's definitely some order)
If the library size exceeds the .NET Framework itself... then there is not point in not using .NET I suppose?
Which version of GCC? That exact snippet of code (plus a main function) gives me no warnings with the GCC included with Ubuntu, which is 4.3.2. Is there something else involved that is causing the warning?
...the actual element of the anchor tag...
I deleted the duplicates. Not sure why my browser submitted 3 at once...
I can not seem to get it to work still. I will digg further and let you know as well. the problem is I can not seem to get generate to work ... it give me an error. Oh well I will play and post back.
This is why SO is so awesome.  I always felt I was reinventing the wheel, but before SO, I had no good way to ask if I was...
Interesting circumvention...
I'll be much less responsive to her subtle body-language cues.. How sweet. What cues do you mean like?
Could you rephrase your question? It is ambiguous: do you mean an IDE for Ruby programming which supports IronRuby or do you mean a C IDE which can be used to develop the IronRuby compiler itself? Most people thought you meant the first one, but you actually accepted the answer for the second.
Ooh Thank you Dave. I have corrected..
I know about & and , but what's << do?
I've used it for webpages in an RoR site, but also for generating templates for C++ code, Visual Studio project and solution files, among others.
very good point.
Thank you I'll try this out right away!
Chris: I completely agree. Using MBCS is probably a bad choice.
Well, don't feel dumb. We all had to ask such questions at some point in our careers!
This is true, however not necessarily a problem as long as one is aware of the limitation. At least the code is a lot cleaner than some of the other answers.
It looks like a great solution. Is there any cross browser way to apply this transformation in javascript? I don't have a server side script to rely on.
Thanks for your answer, but it didn't work as I expected, it still returns multiple UserIDs.
w() creates an array from the content split by white space. A simple [] array would do here. Otherwise, I think I'm with J Cooper on the all? thing. Even better, checking the above reminded me of the W() array, which I'd forgotten about.
I agree that there could be scaling problems if there's really a lot of data. But the question doesnt't say anything about it so that's not really the subject IMHO.
Engram - if somebody asked you how do I shoot you in the head, would you answer how, or should you?
I would echo Jason Lepack and also mention that changing these warnings applies to every database on the PC, not just the one you are working on, so they are quite dangerous to meddle with.
I sort of disagree with this - Sometimes a special solution is better than a general one and I have quite a lot of my own JS which I believe superior to jQueries equivalent. Possible I should give this stuff to jQuery actually, but the point is the masses aren't always right.
I agree mostly with this - except the last part about XML. I think that's  a flavor choice. I like my data output to come in XML because then it's easily accessible to different kinds of applications. Using a library like jQuery also makes traversing XML as simple as accessing a JSON property.
why not just :first?
To soulmerge, The good thing I found here, is no obvious use of char and String. I said 'obvious' because I haven't checked BigInteger source. To Bombe, good point. I agree. Thanks.
Sorry, misread you there.  Anyway, would this work well with inheritance?
Unfortunately that didn't do it
I've spent alot of time in both languages and I have really enjoy reading anything by Fowler.
I am programming in VSVB.NET. Every time I switch to C in VS I wonder how much better the VS Intellisense integration of VB.NET is. Isn't it?
Hmpf, a real Binary Clock comes wiht just a electornic board, a solder, some diods, resistors and cables and with an IC so you can program and set the time interfaces youself!
Jeremy - I never noticed that, and I have a 700000 Loc project in VB.Net.
But there still has to be some kind of structure to it, which is what I meant by jumbled (to me).  thanks.
jpmartins: I use C:My DocumentsDirectoryOther directoryFile name  here .txt  and works just fine.
So, how do you merge two unrelated projects under svn and keep their history?
That's not nearly enough information for someone to try to help you.
Most definitely there is.  The biggest problem being its difficult to understand.
Anyway... it turns out speed is important in this case. I'm looping through a list of 28,000 records and testing each for a match. The time difference in my test was comparable to your test.. mine ran at 101ms, and yours was 167ms. Make no mistake... I like your solution best, just not for this.
Also, your regex was probably a bit quick in that you need to try to look for word boundaries, i.e. btermb. (To avoid finding 'cat' in 'category' as the first mismatch). If you do that you'll find regex is up to about 6 seconds (like the GUIDs I guess).
I know, but I added the comment just before the OP edited the question to say so.
public fields causes a leak in the implementation.
True, the lack of shared state saves you from data corruption or inconsistency problems.  But you still got to worry about synchronization.  Am I correct?
So, just to make this clear: you shouldn t use  new  because you might forget it? You are kidding, right?
wasker.myopenid.com: a is a positive integer, that means it is greater than zero, so in the disjunction (a==0  a>1) the term a==0 can never be true, leaving only a>1.
But the C compiler does keep track of the size, otherwise sizeof wouldn't work on arrays.
So this is going to work by when you click .header, it will take that element and the parent of div.topdiv and find .somecontent and then apply the toggle? Correct?
Could you elaborate on the 3rd bullet? I don't understand it. 'Resources' sounds like data members, i.e. state...
As a side note, it's generally better to just say `require serialport`.  Ruby will figure out the extension for you.  That makes your code a little more flexible.
Jay: I completely agree. I'm amazed that it's been done in the less flexible way.
If it is almost exactly like you have it set up, then make it exactly like it and see if that works.
pointer arithmetic and array notation are equivalent in C...arrays are just syntactic sugar for pointer arithmetic
Smells like IIS configuration to me. NPR ?
Actual DBA's. I want to make this look as professional as possible.
So in the 5[a] case, the compiler is smart enough to use ((5  sizeof(a)) + a) and not (5 + (a  sizeof(5)))? Note: I guess so. I tried this in GCC and it worked.
Hmm, looks very nice.  Looks like it'll be a bit of work to get on windows, though, unfortunately.  I should add that qualifier to the question.  That said, it may be worth the effort to get it working.
I can understand the theory, but as a power user I hate the application when applied to me. :)  I suppose that the answer I provided is from a me as user viewpoint.
Still in CTP, but very stable by my testing.  Of course, your milage may vary!
Correct me if I'm wrong, but this looks as though it would print out five golden ring. Where's the 's'???
Cheers Vilx - sorry I can't give you any rep. That fixes the alpha issue but creates an odd blocky effect instead, as if the text is aliased against black
Also needs .NET 3.5 (OP states 2.0)
I think interfaces will be involved. However, I still need to create an instance, so my code is something like:
Only if the index was created with that NLSSORT setting
Per POSIX, the return value from msgget() is an int, not a long.  Per POSIX, the first argument to msgsnd() is an int, not a long.  If you're working 32-bit, you may be OK; if you've got your prototypes in scope (as you seem to have), the C compiler will clean up for you, too.
Agree. It doesn't seem to me new programmers would know why they're even taking the course... Scrum? Patterns? How are these things useful? They'd probably think it's more ivory tower crap to learn, regurgitate, and forget.
That's a nice tool.  Thanks for the tip, I've added this to my toolkit :)
I don't think that you have to switch to MVC. I still use WebForms depending on the project.
Jonathan: sorry if i contributed to the name-calling that seems to have infected this question - the point i was trying to make is: you're attacking this from the wrong angle; MVC works best when you work with each layer separately (continued)
No - and exactly the same is true when the static method copies the value.
yes, but version 0.3.1 Beta makes me nervous thinking about including it into important long term project
Ah, if anyone has ever undertaken this, I'd love to try it.  Thanks everyone!
You may have to run this script several times because of foreign key constraints between master and detail tables.
Would you care to explain the scopes involved in an answer?
Could you show in your question the exact syntax that does not work, in context?
Same for Java as this code.  Very nice, but still not what I'd recommend.
I dont necessarily know the names of the Variables, although I use about 5 different ones across all my pages.  If you read the loop, it only goes thru the first few (delimited by my keyCount var) rather than all of them
Please show more code and I can see where to adjust this to achieve what you want.  I am assuming you have some timer or for loop that we can just add a small conditional to.
It's been recompiled without effect, and has been installed from FreeBSD ports, which should indicate it is supported for my OS version.  Also, as mentioned in the question, PHP and command line apps don't have this problem, only perl.
Love the comment about the connection to trac, thanks.
I'll attempt to track that podcast down. Thanks for letting me know, Rob.
...real-time computing (RTC) is the study of hardware and software systems that are subject to a real-time constraint i.e., operational deadlines from event to system response... (wikipedia) how is this greatly different from what I said?
video is just many single frames pressed together, you could take these snapshots and create an AVI out of them pretty easily.
This is the best way of writing it, as far as I can see. The only possible improvement would be to make it O(MN) instead of O(max(M,N)^2) by directly skipping past those (x,y) that are not going to be printed, but that will make the code a bit more ugly.
bash is available on windows via cygwin, although some consideration must be given to issues such as drive letters and  vs 
Recommended code is usually using 0 directly instead of NULL. 0 is just as expressive as NULL and it does not require the macro or its definition.
Charles: he specifically said this is not a data input validation issue; I know. He's wrong, it is clearly a data input validation issue. ;-) How is the product key must be unique NOT a validation issue? This is a business rule, in a data-entry context, which is not being proactively validated.
Paulius, I find it unlikely that every time you compile that you will get fresh sets of 100s of warnings, assuming of course that code is compiled fairly frequently. I can see it happening the first time though.
Allocations may fail at any time, and not handling them will crash your application. Granted, large allocations are more likely to crash but that doesn't mean many small ones won't.
T is definitely favored for the same role in C++ templates (but there it is still short for Type -- it's taking the place of a Type, not a Template)
No I do't have a menu. ToolStripButton for search is actually located on the BindingNavigator control, so adding a menu is probably not an option.
Well, knowing how to attack helps in knowing how to defendavoid the vulnerability. That's the idea of publicly disclose such vulnerabilitiesexploits.
+1, and added code
I've seen lots of the videos - they're good but sometimes don't cover exactly what I need - particularly when trying to fix a problem. 
Second one was the best one ive seen in a lot of time KUDOS and thanks for posting your question =)
Sheer joy, no, but a little smile perhaps?
( I have used referrers in IE, in bare http: and had them work, so I'm not exactly making this up .. )
Me neither. 3.0.5 on Linux.
I agree with Reuben.  Small apps tend to grow.  Throw aways tend to get recycled.  Short-lived projects extend.  It's still not worth hard-coding.
i need to write a program that will access google mail and download data to be fed into another program.  i'm not sure why this wouldn't be considered programming related.
Because the language has a built in operator.  No reason to even look at extension methods.
Your comment was valid.  The question has been clarified.  I suggest removing this answer to avoid down-votes.
Fredou, you want to do it all yourself but you are asking us? That doesn't make sense.  If you no longer want to do it yourself then please, try and implement one of the known algorithms from the Wikipedia page.
run perl -v to find out what options are present.
Me too.    make it stand out.  I also use  <=====--------- NOTE USE OF CONTINUE INSTRUCTION whenever I have one of those buggers.
I think it's always nice to have an alternative perspective on things.
Define counting... what do you want to count? The entire subtree of a node? or what?
Why can't this just be a civilized discussion? It's a very open-ended problem, one that probably doesn't have a definite solution, but the OP is looking for some ideas on possible approaches.
missed that. added it to the answer
Mark this as the answer, as its 100 correct.
Then you already know where the JS is being inserted.
And I think that C++ is superior to C in every way, except that it unfortunately was designed to be  backwards  compatible to C.
Wouter, It is like that, but the parameter is not used inside any method, that why my question.
I don't think you'd want to build the ability to creat OpenID's, but have a list of links the user can use so they can creat their own.
litb:  OK, I admit I enjoy being confused by your answers when I don't understand them - it makes me dig deeper and learn more!
Ady, have you checked out the generated code? I think it had something not much better than string comparison beneath the hood. Don't remember though...
Mitch: Assuming you call the code.  Not everyone uses code coverage tools, so this could be missed quite easily.
with --existing, his new directories in the source hierarchy will never be created on the backup drive...
vspace2em went the wrong direction, but I took a guess and tried hspace2em, and that produced the effect I wanted. Thanks!
Can't agree more. Code review and well defince coding standards should do the work.
There does not seem to be an easy way to pass arrays to functions (which really are subshells). You'd need to quote them and pass them as regular argument (as you would to any other command).
moq is also cool, http:code.google.compmoq
It's pretty easy to fix IDataReader with an extension method:  see http:weblogs.asp.netskilletarchive20080618idatareader-extension-methods.aspx.
Better to describe what features you are seeking to implement in this enterprise-level web application. Perhaps then can better suggestions and recommendations be provided.
it is possible, I did this for my entry for the codemaster competition a few years ago.  See in action here - http:video.google.cavideoplay?docid=-2891564165965980591&ei=Xw1iSdn-NIyG-wHX94yrCA&q=dradis+codemaster&hl=en
+1 but please use String.Format() as seeing two string concatenations next to each other hurts my eyes and I know I'm not alone.
yes it is strongly typed..you mean this right in code behind? public partial class Datacontrol : System.Web.Mvc.ViewUserControl<List<dataob>>
See also: http:stackoverflow.comquestions95492how-do-i-convert-a-date
You can instantiate arrays of complex types like this, it has nothing to do with that. The question is why the syntax for creating an array differs from how you do collection initialization.
I'd say the learning curve is necessary, so the person using an ORM knows what their doing. And that just dragging tables in the idee is NOT all he has to know
Alex: I have read through most of useit.com, over the past few years, and respect the content greatly... but the site itself is kinda lame.  That said, good content always trumps pretty, IMHO.
why not just have an
http:browsershots.org
This would be my suggestion. +1
It's helps if you get rid of all those extra html codes: the system handles that for you.
Why exactly would performance matter in this specific scenario? IUC, then the exception is thrown exactly once and the process likely goes down afterwards anyway (of course, after showing a nice pop-up to the user). (to be continued ...)
This code better demonstrates what I meant to say in my answer :)
Even if there could be an answer to your question, you might want to take another look at your resource utilization. 2G is just too much IMO
I don't think that it should be down voted. There are cases were it is the desired effect. And many that it does not matter ( which is my case). Thanks for the addition.
Oh, I misunderstood how your solution worked. I thought it ... well I'm not sure what I thought. It's a clever solution, but O(n2^k + r2^klg(r)) might be beaten by the O(nk + rk^2) tree method I proposed below.
Looks like you can still download it from Microsoft. I edited my answer to reflect this.
How would you phrase my question then? :)
RobH - if you're happy with mutliple returns then that would also work. I personally try to avoid multiple returns.
If I do Int32.Parse about 100 times in my program, and it takes 1Ms each time using Microsoft's version. How much time will your implementation save me?
+1 for mentioning scrapy
Interesting idea but I don't see how it solves my problem
I absolutely agree on the wierdness thing, although it's more likely my UK upbringing that makes ddMMyy more sensible to me.
Fair comment, revised to be 'more expensive'.
Hmm - I've never had problems using URLDownloadToFile(). Usually, I do simply:
It makes sense, but I'm surprised, I always thought that full-name and salutation were older cruder conventions than first, middle and last.
I have a Parent class (MVC model) with a notifier event and only setters of my subclasses call this method. i dont want to litter my code with a redundant argument. I'd rather let the method in parent class figure out the setter that called it.
Why do you need to know the count? When I saw your post I upvoted it because I need this funcionality too. Then I realized I don't really need it if I present things in a different way.
Hi Brian, tx for the response.  Iit's exactly what I'm trying to do, but i can't get the 
Great, now what properties are not working?
AJAX won't help here: any cookie handling inside the iframe is less trusted (third-party cookies), and in IE needs to pass through the Privacy Policy filter - no matter if you're setting cookies with AJAX calls, document.cookie manipulation or through normal pages (tested).
Wow, i didn't realize i need an apple id to get to that page.
Not at all, go ahead. It doesn't work very well though.
My question is about static-importing methods, not fields.
jussij Using  line continuation is personal preference but ; is not. I code almost all the time without  and it's quite readable. Can you code C without ; ?
Unfortunately I am already binding to a more complex object. So it isn't a nullable problem like you suggest. Thanks for the idea, I will update my question.
Nice.  To extend it, the player knows about CD's in general - how to read them, etc, (the interface) but it doesn't know anything about a specific album (implementation).
Yay for that answer. I like keeping things simple.
Which object-databases have you used?
your comment is only true when interpreting it simultaneously, which is a perspective which is far removed from what multi-threading is about.
Very compact query I like it.
Does this really ever make an appreciable difference in performance?
Some interesting ideas there, thanks.
I think this is almost what I'm looking for. Two things though, I don't see the Volume information associated with the USB disk, for example the mount point. Second, is there a way to filter the output to get USB devices only?
!                  .
I didn't really lump them together because they're related, rather that they're both getting excessive exposure of late and I wondered if they are something I should be looking to add to my toolbox
Ok, does the license allow you to share the exe on the web? If not, you can't do this unfortunately.
Can you explain a little bit more? what do you mean by using a program? Do you want to use header files from some other location or do you want to run some other program?
Just so you know, there is a qualitative difference between the two solutions.  This one will search the DOM every time from the beginning for the named element.  My solution will start at the given element use the next element.  Probably only noticeable in practice if the page is very complex.
Use the -i option of sed. (I revised my answer to give some more info on that.)
Thanks. aspnetwp.exe on XP, w3wp.exe on Vista.
As I understand, this tool is to check AFTER code, I wish for guidelines BEFORE writting code. Thanks!
As I have understood it, it's free to use as is but you are not allowed to embed it into your application and distribute it, atleast not charge for the software in that case.
Seconded. The existing ident strategy is fraught with issues.
Looks fine to me. I upvoted your answer by the way.
Combined with some custom code for checking for silly characters this works really well. Thanks :)
good point, so the developer should know this and make sure to avoid tables for layout (obviously tabular data is still valid)
And on some platforms locks aren't necessarily dropped when a thread is terminated.
I'd like exceptions thrown, too. But thanks for the example - it does demonstrate a useful pattern.
OK, I'm glad you found someone to help. But the question was how so tell me how you found this project.
Can you shed some light on the problem you're trying to solve with ClickOnce arguments?  Perhaps we can give you ideas on another solution.
The first time I encountered defaultdict was in Peter Norvig's spelling corrector article. In a couple of lines, he pulls in a file of words and converts it to a dictionary of key=word value=count. Way cool.
You linked to the MVCContrib, the ASP.NET MVC project on CodePlex is at http:www.codeplex.comaspnet
ok, so no need for implementing the MembershipUser class. thanks David.
You know you can accept your own answers?
If that's a concern, you can tack 'b' (IIRC) at the end, to specify that the match must end at a word boundary (or '' to match the end of the string).
We used this on a recent project, it has some limitations, but you might want to check it out.
I don't understand your problems with it. The Turing Test is not meant to measure how good an AI is. It just chooses one particular part of AI-development and puts a test there. It's not a magic measure every AI by this test.
Sorry that was me. Sticky fingers here didn't see the bit about 'ec2-authorize' for fw config. I'd suggest making that part bold. Neg vote undone.
Because of the type of `handle`; any use of `handle` must be applied to one particular type from the Exception class.  Since your handler works for all types in the class, there's no way for the compiler to assign a type to `handle`.  (The `e` comes from the type of `handle`.)
for sure you can at the driver level ya.
canvas is way cool. It's heavily used by this web application: http:www.mindmeister.com
+1 to that, goes deeper than my SGML answer!
For the record, it's an accelerometer (that measures where gravity is relative to the phone), not a gyroscope.
Nope, no difference on this one, though it did break it at a different point.
How do you set the column width?
Excellent; thanks very much.  As you say, it's a lot more verbose, so I'll stick with Olivier's answer as my accepted answer.  That depsite me saying I'd like a pure Maven answer - apologies.  I wish I could accept two answers.
This might work - other than I have a great deal of different projects on different platforms and different languages - but that doesn't mean I couldn't start them off with something like this.
sounds good - which reference should I add to do that in a WinApp?
yuck ... but whatever works for you I suppose ...
I think that by the modular PC he means that anyone can buy almost interchangeable components and build their own computer.
(1) line buffer = new Byte[10000]; inside the loop seams unnecessary, (2) have you tried increasing the buffer size?
This is partially true.  Mono has implemented the Microsoft.win32 namespace for registries - except it stores it in a file in ~.monoRegistry in an xml file, and it's handled transparently.
Agreed - this is related to programming any network app
Perhaps the prefix should be 'Me'.
lomaxx, well, unless you mark it `[DataMember]`, it will do nothing; but that is a read-only property, so I expect it will either ignore you or throw an exception. If you have a getter and setter, it will do whatever your code asks it to do.
Jesse Kaplan explains why it's so bad : http:forums.microsoft.comMSDNShowPost.aspx?PostID=125283&SiteID=1
Im looking into his suggestion now.   If that doesnt work out for me, do you know of any other services that may be of help?
Declarative programming is a bit of an overloaded term. Declarative programming according to microsoft is usually a smart way of using XML to configure an application. Functional languages like Lisp, Scheme and Haskell allow for a different form of declarative programming.
paercebal: Fixed, thanks.
Some people might not be able to articulate what it is that they understand, but I suspect that they do 'get it'. There is a lot of rationale behind semantic markup...
That works beautifully, and doesn't have the extra part that Diadistis' has, so I'll mark this as accepted. Thank you!
-1 for System.gc(), +1 for pointing out it s not a good idea. :)
So I took back the acceptance of this answer. The RequiredFieldValidator displays the error text when I select the -- select country -- item but causes a postback anyway.
By the way, what exception do you get when using Element?
Is there any way to acquire the Java src.zip from elsewhere. Apple only implement the JVM.
Thanks Bill.  I don't use VALUES much, should have checked my reference first. Fixed.
Ok that makes sense.  Thanks!
Goes for GUI design too. Especially with new technologies like WPF making GUI design more like web design with CSS like files defining styles for the interface.
Why do you think he needs this rather than a stored procedure? Can you conclude that without any further questions?
You must be a functional programmer... but one line per function is still a little extreme ;)
Joel - If you know your target hardware, most optimizations the JVM can do at runtime can also be done by using profile-guided optimization with C or C++.  That makes a huge difference, and generally pushes C and C++ back in the lead, since they don't have to learn while executing.
What kind of error are you getting?  A null pointer or an exception?
didn't know about the Exception as e change.  Exception, e always bugged me, nice to see it got cleaned up.
Cheers that works great!
This looks like it will need a lot of memory to hold all three files in memory as a string, let alone the intermediate string object resulting by adding the first two and the final string created by adding on the last.
Confirmed, it works! :)
This is a valid question just worded poorly. Instead of downvoting, why not edit the question to make it a bit easier to understand?
why would a cronjob indicate that it's not PHP?
S.Lott - Not sure why you chimed in at all then.  Don't assume.  I didn't need to disclose my server's end-goals.  I merely had a question about part of the server.
I think there's some confusion in the question. Are you looking for the browser or the dialog being closed through the clicking of the X?
Run the MSI, with parameters like this: lvx FILENAME.
You forgot to note the important point that here everything is inlined. If the definitions of the operators is not available, the copy done in the out-of-line code cannot be avoided; with inlining the optim is quite obvious, so any compiler will do it.
Romandas, this is true however, the app has automatic updates for the addons and can cause the prompt to come up quite often thus the want to avoid it.
I guess Windows, with that call to system(cls), but still none-the-wiser to what the question means.
As I mentioned in my original post: The non-standard tags are part of the publishing system I use. They are placeholders which are transformed server-side into chunks of valid HTML code. Think of them as includes.
Thanx a lot Luc for your clear explanation!
also, it wouldn't work if you have more then one possible delimiter.
Cheers aku.  Unfortunately I'm not targeting SP1 so will have to kludge this one.  Still, I think this is the most elegant answer so I've given it to you.
I explained it in an interview where the prospective employer had previously expressed doubts about my C abilities, as I'd been using Java professionally for a while before. They hadn't heard of it before, and didn't question my familiarity with C after that :)
True, but doesn't the framework store the delegates somewhere in a List of some type anyways?
Too many assumptions here. Are either person aware of what the other pulled out? Did they both put their balls back in when they were done counting?
this works for linuxunix where line separator char is 'n' and for mac where it is 'r' but for other OSes like windows which is rn this doesn't really work, you should check the length of the line terminator from the system properties.
it works fine if select is changed to select distinct(t2.code) but problem is go get the number as well.  If number is added then everything is fetched!
It depends on how heavily-used the library is, how well it's documented, how easy it will be to test the replacement.  (Like, what if heavy library users have written code that relies on a defect that your refactoring fixes?)  Rewriting is my first instinct too, but I'm often wrong.
C'mon. You have to think of the problem differently. Don't think of the number of games, because transpositions and alpha-beta algorithms and such cut that back immensely. Think of board positions (10^60) or combinations of chess pieces (100 million). With Quantum Computing, it's trivial.
pro bono: Done without compensation for the public good. Many open source projects think this is what they are doing already.
Interesting suggestion!
Ah so ~this~ is what all those adult website ads are using these days! .. cool
Show some template code and the possibly the view as well.
Yes...unfortunately. I guessed you may have been using managed C++
Nope, it isn't. MVC doesn't use the same approach. You could probably do something similar in the view, but there wouldn't be much purpose. By the way, I added notes re the GetHashCode question you asked earlier.
it's a good resource, but I've amended my question to state that I'm after the degrading more than the web-safe.
Tom: two wrongs make an evil!
IIRC, mysqlrealescapestring() will not save you if the param is a number (or any non-string).  You need to coerce such parameters  to be numbers either by using some printf()-style function or by typecasting.
According to titlez.com, this is still the best-selling book on bash shell on Amazon. Thanks!
In a way this addresses it, but not 100.  I know when, but I was looking for tips on how to keep the attack surface small
Sometimes when you copy and paste your code you overlook the little details. I had another function that populated the Licensing object that I just ripped that code from.
Voted down because it's not. :(
You asked for a polyglot.  I deliver.  =)
Unfortunately no because they're not tables created by us so we need to work with what we have.
autogrowth is set to 1MB, could the allocation of 1MB take so long?
very nice link!!!
Darryl: added some stuff about legacy support; in my experience, there isn't a need for that mich twiddling once that's out of the way...
I presume instead of indistinguishable you meant something else, e.g. unrecognizable.
I don't think the SQL stuff was in the question when I downvoted this - maybe the edit was during the 5 minute window where it doesn't appear in the edit history?   Down-vote reversed.
Just an example.
He's not using Access -- he's using Jet as his data store.
not a bad idea... but how many affordable hosting options have vpn capabilities?
ok i removed it and i'm still getting syntax errors...it's never ending...
Yes right, that would be even a cleaner solution.
It hits the db once per caller's foreach - then has a live connection during the caller's foreach; the iterator block guarantees that the data-context is closed (and thus connection closed) when the caller's foreach is exited. Nothing is buffered.
Just curious but why? Personal preference?
This is the best route to go, in my humble opinion.
Unless he has a corporate requirement not to use anything new.  A lot of places aren't using WCF yet because they have myopic IT rules, etc.
Then you have not used it professionally. Just like HTML, it takes skill too.
Hey I like that.
Yes, exactly a specified in the docs for Object.Equals.
+1, beat me to it but your answer is clear and succinct. ;)
I wouldn't consider static variables an elegant pattern to use in Python, but the decorator at least encapsulates the technical details of the attribute setting.
process a function on each row when selecting them. It is better to use a function based index for this purpose than a trigger.
ahhh good deal. Now you've got me interested in the solution ;)
I believe it is considered clearer and more extensible to use an enum for something like this.
this link is also helpful: http:www.hanselman.comblogGotchasAroundPrimaryInteropAssembliesAndTheGAC.aspx
This is SO obvious that I didnt event think about it. It might be the right answer to my problem !
There is another reason - if the count of developers is more then 1, you probably would have to make some security differentiations. You cannot change access rights to a directory inside a repository, because it's virtual. But you can do that for each directory-separate-repository
how can i post a stack trace? and I made the question specific, the first time the input from the client to the server is read correct the second time it reads null, that was my question, why is that?
Right, because that's contained in each individual database, not at the server level.  If you back up a database, do sphelprevlogin on the old server, use that generated T-SQL on the new server, and then do the restores, you're done.
That's great, it looks like it handles the cases I was asking for.  Unfortunately, I too am new to the DbC paradigm so I don't know that I'd be the best person to judge your API. :)
Interesting. But don't you have to initialize the variable in the using statement?
This is often the only way to make the pirate-paranoid suits see sense - talk about money. Saying you can't ever really protect against this doesn't convince them half as easily as Any effective defense is likely to cost more than we make from this product
This doesn't work because the inner select may return more than one value. The version of MySql I'm using doesn't permit a LIMIT to be used inside an inner select, so I can't simply replace the = with an IN
What compiler, linker and platform (development and target) are you using?
JesperE: Sorry, I forgot to leave that bit in my comment
I've seen this approach before, but doesn't metadata in the class name require the use of a custom namespace?
My understanding is that ADPlus automates the process of obtaining dumps from various different debugging tools. So if ADPlus obtains a Dr. Watson dump, then that's what it is. If it obtains a different type of dump, then it may be a different format but should contain the same information.
You wrote - standard MySQL tables only do table locks - which is incorrect.
Dont know if im getting the AformName wroung but it does not open up the old instance.
Will this force static linking of all libraries, or can it's application be controlled on a per-library basis?
Interesting comments - maybe why I had problems all those aeons ago.
You might have to define an index on each column if you have many rows.
It is a limitation of the language not to be able to have a way to yield to the browser while staying in the same context. If this was possible, we could write doAjax(); while( !ajaxDone() ) Sleep(); . But this is impossible in Javascript because there is no Sleep or similar function...
Diodus, Ok sorry, I must have read over the OP stating that (since he does)) because there also is something in the OP about content types.
Any ideas on how I can add MIME types to Firefox?  I see that I can edit a currently existing list of MIME types but I haven't found how to add new ones.
Good idea, lotsoffreetime, I didn't even know there was one. Done.
I'm happy to know I haven't completely misunderstood DP :)
I apologize. I was actually using a multi-dimensional array, but I used the wrong term. Sorry!
Oops, sorry - I meant thanks cordellcp3!!
yeah +2 if possible ty :)
Thanks, my question was more conceptually than for a specific OS  language  API
Perhaps an overflow?
Correct CInt(3.41) in of itself does not cause a type mismatch error in VB6 when assigned to an integer -1.
im somewhat afraid to rely on linq.
while i think that i'll probably end up modifying my code gen, this is really the answer to my question.
IE8 is still in beta, but quirksmode says yes: http:www.quirksmode.orgcsscontents.html
...have to double-check.
Ah!  Now I see your point.  I was unaware that Filesystem relied on multiple libraries and now see the convenience of the stagelib directory.  These are, in fact, copies of all of lib files located in one place for convenience's sake.  Thank you.  I'm sorry I misunderstood you to begin with.
I don't have any votes left, but let's just imagine i just gave you a +1.
I am very interested in your typing speed. Does your keyboard increases it?
Maybe I was a bit hasty in adding my big-O statement.  Either way.  In a trial that matches the requirements, (30 numbers that add up to 200) he can only generate 29 numbers.  The 30th number won't be random.
Igor, the solution is for the value 200.  If it were a variable solution then yes i would need to check for a constant.
I don't see any reason to use sorting for the tasks when `nthlargest` is applicable. It is in stdlib in many languages and it easy to implement if it is not.
Double checked locking, have a lock file for read and for write, check for no file, create file, check for no file then take action like: http:en.wikipedia.orgwikiDouble-checkedlocking
it looks like there are some other places in your code where you need [] where you have (), rs3.Fields(astrfields(intix)).Value should be 
+1 to nullify the -1 because the answer was given before the question was edited to include the example.
Thanks guys, this works perfect!
Small world, Pete! Good answer.
I haven't seen a bad implementation of a C one, as they're all using your code Jon http:www.yoda.arachsys.comcsharpsingleton.html. Actually that's a lie I've seen a C MVP who didn't use any locking mechanism
Is it ready yet?
John,  thanks for the idea.  This application has been deployed a couple of dozen times wo issue.  I did go ahead and try what you said, but it still blows up on the System.Boolean property.
I found it was an interesting illustration of how careful you need to be with refactoring even a small function. It is easy to overlook what the code is actually doing with what its perceived intention is.
Good point. I think that Access makes it harder than a lot of other platforms that are more popular for that type of use, but I understand what you're saying.  Just anyone can't fire up Visual Studio and pump it out to a web server, simply because of permissions - but in access they can.
sbothbotherg ugh...
nikow: this has nothing to do with numpy. Just regular Python.
++ for jEdit and Notepad2!
This is what you want, exactly 40 characters of hex digits is always going to match rather than the current accepted answer that may not work always.
Peter +1 for pointing me in the right direction.
Sometimes I'm not sure about Ruby, but that is really cool.
ElementTree is in stdlib
oh and thanks for humoring me and believing the unbelievable :)
It makes much more sense to verify behavior. I couldn't understand the value of writing tests that would automatically pass due to how I had set up the mocks. Testing behavior actually gives insight into the function of the code under test.
I too use TortoiseSVN, TortoiseCVS, and TortoiseHG and they work great.
http:www.extremeoptimization.comresourcesArticlesFPDotNetConceptsAndFormats.aspx features somewhere in those links I think too
Can't you add the credentials when creating the linked tables?
I appreciate the heads up, but I've been through XmlSerializer, DataContractSerializer hell.  I've even played with XamlWriter.  My values are boxed because I am accessing them through an Interface that  deals with many datatypes.
+1 for the insane follow-up research!
Still, what version are you using? Use gcc -v to find out.
Object orientation is a means to a goal and not a goal in and of itself.
The people without javascript might decide that they like a broken site better then no site at all. I would say, if there is no javascript a won't work without javascript, proceed at own risk-warning would be the best solution, but with the possibility to try it anyway.
Not an answer, but you are probably better off using document filters.
Speaking for me personally, I am guilty of committing the opposite evil:  In the past I have been too permissive with new customer requirements.  (My mantra was No problem!) I'm trying to change that now, hence this question.  Thanks for your answer!
What's objFolder? Does it have a value for its Name property?
Out of curiosity, what's the difference between this and my answer? And is Tom Hawtin's answer wrong?
There is no output other than the file path it is copying over.
Basically divide and conquer.
I think you have misunderstood my particular scenario. I am only passing a single item, not an array of items, albeit many many times per second.
Static analysis for contract specifics doesn't work for Eiffel either,it only has nominative typechecking, a really nice implementation, but not contract specific.
Wedge - my compiler says the lookup is faster by a factor of two (unless I pass in a constant into the function, in which case the compiler just returns a pre-calculated constant)
Rich B -- umm, no.  Os2 was sold as a multithreaded OS because you could have a responsive UI with threads. Blocking IO is just one aspect of not having a responsive UI; basically, you just agreed with what I said, without having the history to understand it.
mmr: I would never say what you said because so far you haven't said anything accurate.
use the -verbose and -debug arguments when starting ant, perhaps the extra info will be helpful on why it fails
Do you have a better way?
okay then :) I might update later
so, even if I use the AppConfig in web.config I will never can save the actual result (text) to the variables, only in memory, is it right Jon?
Could you please provide some code or at least a better description of what you are trying to achieve?
Well UTF-8 seems to be standard for e-mails, but it's still worth trying out. Perhaps UTF-8 is the right encoding and you just need to specify different parameters (construct a new UTF8Encoding and use that).
I've updated the question, I won't know how many address and SMTP may or may not be first. Thanks
Are you sure that structQSnap <> Null?
Your function pointer declaration isn't.
It depends on the control. If it's a built in framework control, sure, but one you're making yourself, then yes, you can do a lot of damage here.
Of the four suggestions, COMMIT is ringing a bell. I know I executed an update statement in SQL Developer, and that I can select the correctly modified result set afterwards. But from the client, the undesired records are still coming out. (cont'd)
Badly posed question. Why don't you rephrase?
I am using the session on the main page and also on imgPhoto page. If it times out, it should give error on the main page. But it is not giving any error. I checked the session after each function the page calls and the session is alive in all functions.
The resource entry has a value in the original language, but not in the other one, hence the empty string. If I remove the resource entry, it will default back to the original language, which is wrong as well.
and the beauty with which it pops up in Eclipse when you hover over a method...
This happens to me all the time too.
the behavior would be same as the updown voting here, but with a third arrow as well.
Agreed, replaced 'BFS' with the more generic 'graph exploration'.
Malfist the rep points do not dictate anything
Good point, but you still need to be careful. You might have trouble with grammatical agreements between your fixed text and what you're substituting in. E.g. is the item malefemaleneither in German, because The will be DerDieDas depending on which it is.
You can, but they would still be readable by a rogue script on the server, if it knew where to look.
Yes but maybe I'm missing something. The whole point in a map is that you have a key and search for its assotiated value! I know the key Circle and want to access Circle in the map, I can't do that with a vector. I can have a vector of the keys and another one of the values, but not lookup.
make sure you localize any package variables.  eg, `local Data::Dumper::Indent = 3;`.
Ok, is the port you provided correct ? Error 10061 means 'connection refused' which usually is a sign of wrongly chosen port.
I know about the risk. But I have to made difficult decision how to develop new projects  modules. Continue to write messy PHP code without unit  functional tests or switch to a MVC framework, Symfony or RoR. This is a very subjective topic and I didn't wanted to ask such questions.
I'm sad... I answered this first, but got no +1 :'(
Thanks Greg. I'll look into that.
Milliseconds for both - milliseconds of CPU time, and milliseconds of duration.  They can be different because queries can wait on IO, locks, clients, etc.  I'll modify the query to grab totals too.  (I was going to say foot-pounds but I couldn't keep a virtual straight face.)
Thanks, not sure how I missed it myself. :(
I will see if it makes a difference.
rest of the view's relevant source...    <style media=all type=textcss>import ....Contentall.css;<style>
Id did help thankyou
Point of interest: you might want to check out Jeff's thoughts on Head First Design Patterns.  Hint: he's not a fan.  http:www.codinghorror.comblogarchives000380.html
I agree.  It's a great design.  The View is really stupid, which I like ;)
It happens on all pages. on every app. Blank pages even (I believe)... I'll double check that when I get back
Obviously, memoization is useful in many, many situations.  It is clearly the best solution for a wide range of problems because the space used is trivial.  But when the space used is substantial enough, the calculation wins out.  My answer is that memoization, universally applied eventually fails.
I also don't get how this approcah deals with long processing. The SS wishes to index some URL and loads the IFilter. Text extraction takes very long. So the IFilter asks the helper application to perform extraction. But what the filter itsself should do at this moment?
I like the idea of using a matrix. Could you perhaps elaborate upon how it would be implemented in the current scenario? TIA.
Perfect, thanks.
Thanks for the info...turns out one of the the services was configured on the server for wsHttpBinding.
It's actually for C, not C++.
I'd like a little clarification on it's not amenable to RAII style programming. Do you worry about circular references?  A smart pointer is indistinguishable from a regular pointer otherwise.
If a class is private, documentation will not be generated. My I ask why you don't want to generate documentation for these classes? If it's because you don't want people accessing them, make them protected or private or change how they are accessed. Security by obscurity doesn't work.
See http:stackoverflow.comquestions170346what-are-the-performance-improvement-of-sequential-guid-over-standard-guid for creating sequential guids in C.
The randomness of (var) and (var ^ 1) are the same. I wouldn't bother doing this.
I cleaned up your example a bit.  I can forgive starting a class name with a lower case letter but let's make sure the thing compiles at least!
you're right.  i fixed it
And let's not forget StackOverflow rule 46: If anybody mentions dates or times in Java, it's mandatory for somebody to suggest switching to Joda Time.  Don't believe me?  Try to find a question that doesn't.
Hyperterminal does not cause an IOCTLSERIALCLRDTR to be issued.  Not sure how to suppress it in the .net framework.
The question: is What would you call that column... not: should you ever do this. Nowhere in the post did I even intimate that I was about to do this, only that I can't find a word that describes the collection of the two abbreviations.
CodeMonkey: we both agree that the item will not GC.  We just disagree on why it will not GC.  Which, per the discussion I reference, can be very important in finalization scenarios.
I thought about this for about 15 minutes and I think you might be onto the best solution here. The differences from this and the other solutions are subtle yet very important. I'm going to think about it a bit longer though before accepting this answer.
FFS I dont think he is interested in exact calculations. Just an average difference.
Hey Andrew, I posted the original question. Was a bit surprised to see your's down-voted too. I've rolled thin C++ classes over Win32 threading - I'd just need to abstract that over POSIX Pthreads too and I'd be done. On the other hand, there is Pthreads-win32. Everything else has Pthreads already.
Explain memory management to a 5-year old.
I like the step by step list! Two quick questions:
I'm trying this out and liking it so far.  Love the FTP integration, which happens to be handy for my current project.  Thx for the suggestion.
I am working on a project using ExtJS at the moment, I have to say it is without doubt the worst Javascript framework I have ever used. It is obfuscated and verbose.
I agree with the first comment on that post, namely the asinine part. It was dismissive (sorry Derek, you're management) and irrelevant. And his points about CDBaby didn't fit the Rails model are unbustantiated. How did it not fit?  Is RoR not meant to be general purpose? Apologism in action.
divo: well spotted
Could you please elaborate more, what are you trying to do?
No, not really.
I believe this is the correct answer but I don't think boxingunboxing should be described as a conversion.  It might be clearer to state that the primitive is being wrapped in an equivalent Object.
What do you mean by modify the object cookie? Are you saying cookie = xxx, or are you actually changing the object itself e.g. cookie.setProperty(xxx)?
Re-tagged to add Xen, since the same approach applies to both.
Well, I've decided on Cache::FastMmap for performance and concurrent access reasons and because strict rate-limiting was not required. The latter seems to apply here, I don't know about the former.
Heh, I'd try this one first.   Bill
SquareCog: By the way, this SQL separation always reminds me of Joel Spolksy's article about Charles Simonyi, who tried to separate code prototyping from coding itself in Microsoft: http:www.joelonsoftware.comarticlesfog0000000034.html It didn't work in coding, it doesn't work in SQL.
It's not too bad - it's ~300 a license. I use IPP at work and am very happy with it.
it's called mingw, or mingw32 I guess... I'll try finding the gcc documentation but I'm fairly new to C and C++ so certain aspects of it are hard to understand still
Thanks. As it turns out, we have ArcSDE and the Feature Class is versioned. Based on testing - the versioned tables don't copy the defaults I setup in my defining table.
Pax, +1 for not directly giving him working code.
Wow. That is scary!
http:stackoverflow.comquestions203069what-is-the-best-css-framework-and-are-they-worth-the-effort
Could you provide some code ?
Yes, it's a big mess. And that's exactly why it's useful to know your way around it...
The reason it is easier for beginners because you just draw it and it stays there. A slightly more straight forward algorithm than using paint.
Sorry, I meant controller!
Regarding switching classes: The best I've found is Cmd-Shift-D (I think) - Quickly open File (it's under the File menu). Brings up a window where you can type the name of the file, and it auto-completes for you. Not perfect, but it's better than using the mouse.
Yes. The application DOES start via that method. The main limitation is that it only works if the user has started the app at least once already, I guess... But, still, I guess it's a start...
Thanks JPunyon. How do you see it's got 2 DV?
Vojislav As long as you're only interested in source-level compatibility it doesn't matter
Pourquoi Litytestdata: What doesn't happen?
Thanks. The parameter name of optionLabel for the default option threw me off :)
Agreed, but it's (theoretically) always available, and free.  VNC is my choice as well.
as far as i'm aware agpl is the only license that requires code availability to users of web applications.
blank and newnew are interchangeable anchor attributes. :)
Whoa! That's a real bad example! OR has a higher priority than ==, so this parses to ((0x012 == 0000)  0010). You meant ((0x012) == (00000010)) which states doesn't work that way. And you REALLY meant ((0x012) == 2) which states you certainly can! :)
Yes, the second solution is what rikh suggested. I'm sticking with the SUM version though as long as it's fast enough since its format is easier to handle. Thanks!
using a join inthe delete will probably be faster
It's the same problem. You solve the escaping problem so that ' can go in names, you solve the security problem at the same time - what's not to like? Sanitising - disallowing bad input - is the wrong approach. Don't tell Jack O'Neill he is invalid. You wouldn't like Jack when he's angry.
I like this answer better because it mentions the standard convention you can use to differentiate between interfaces and classes.
It still happens: long something = 2l: is 2L or twenty-one?
Should quickly mention that you don't use exceptions for control flow. Throwing the exception is the guard to protecting other code from failing. There's a whole subtopic of how to write exceptions, and where you check, do you always check, etc.
Are you sure you are switching context and not get several UDP packets from the OS in one go?
do my recommendations still apply, or is there something else going on?
Oh, I apologize - I was quite a jerk. Thank you for your answer anyways.
Bruno, that was a big help!  Thank you.
Well that depends, a web administration for a well used system tends to get used quite a lot, so you might not just 'drop it' if people are willing to pay for the further development.. in which case it'll just rapidly become a legacy system that everyone hates touching since it doesn't use the API..
Thanks! Your responses were very helpfull
Does MyX derive from MyClass?
OpenSolaris is still free for commercial deployment.
It would help if you had code sample that illustrates the problem.
Correction - Moxiecode is the one that has trouble with Update Panels. We are working with FCKEditor now... which seems great so far. Thank you.
You can also have a look at: http:stackoverflow.comquestions132777do-you-prefix-your-instance-variable-with-this-in-java
The delegation usually is for Kerberos Constrained Delegation and could effect SharePoint if you have configured SharePoint to reach out to external resources on behalf of the user.
Rich, this is verifiable. Read that excerpt from PHP Docs. I copy and pasted it for you Unless the array is referenced, foreach operates on a copy of the specified array and not the array itself. And if you really want, run it under a debugger. You can see the copy happen in zendvmexecute.h
I only mention this because you are new (by the points you have) you can also upvote my answer in addition to marking it the right one.
I mean I have two separate databases with the same entities, only one is updated less frequently for persistent storage purposes.  If I Query for entity California on Database A, I want it to be fundamentally the same California on Database B.
Can I set the boolean variables to static as well?
Subtle but important - not just any joe blow can commit their changes directly into the trunk. If the government keeps a tight reign on who has commit access then it's the government (broadly speaking) that decides what goes in.
this isn't such a crazy idea. By creating known defects, you can get an estimate of how well your QA process is working by comparing the  of found known defects to of actual known defects.
Hopefully, a profiler will give you the info you need in order justify going deeper.
Thank you. I suppose this means that the choice between the two is critical. In our case, this means that BinaryFormatter is king. We want the STATE of the object saved for reconstitution. The XML, not so nice for this purpose. I see its use, but if all you need is saveload, then Binary wins.
The thread direction seems like a possibility.
not the properties settings, the app.config, with connection strings, ioc configuration, etc...
Excellent answer, thanks.
Wouldn't you want that sort of config to be updated on the client
i will give a try for this.But this is not control if B1 B2 B3 .... is Numeric or Null..If they are null or is not numeric it will get next row.If ya want i can send my template excel file and non edited excel file.
If Jeff and Joel ever wanted some merchandise, then this list would make a great calender, each month a photo of a great programmer, starting with Babbage and ending with Skeet) together with a motivating caption. Your team will love it! <irony>
If you believe anyone, believe cdespinosa. He works on XCode.
Agreed, I write OpenGL applications and this is the case here as well.
See this answer: http:stackoverflow.comquestions121162what-does-the-explicit-keyword-in-c-mean
Are you running os X?
mycompare = cmp; mycompare(-100, 100)
ActionAttribute or AuthorizeAttribute?  A little code would help, too.
What do you mean by edit? Changeable by you, the programmer, through Javascript or changeable by the end-user?
I copied the prop.snippet from Visual C directory, and just changed the language attribute in it to fortran. 
i deleted what i suggested :) well it was Concat. but there is no Remove equivalent to it though :
Wow, downvoted after all this time.
if you use hibernate, your domain object can not be serialized by gwt, even if it only contains gwt serializable objects. thats because hibernate proxies the results, especially setslists. you will beed DTO's unless the objects participating in rpc are not from hibernate.
Wedge
I had a hard time choosing an accepted answer here.  I'm picking this because it describes the problems I ended up having (things other than the world holding references) as well as suggests sharedptr which ended up as part of my solution.  Thanks.
UncleZeiv I would hope that feature would naturally follow from the nature of the tool.  In addition, it would be able to detect that there are no changes if someone went through and changed the curly brace or indent styles, for example, or rearranged the file so static methods are grouped, etc..
Manoj Doubts, why is an installation not an option ? You have restrictions in installing software (not your machine) ? Maybe a portable solution ?
thank you very much. I will try this suggestion.
Could you reformat your question and put a little more information?
Yes, correct. But the problem is I want to do it organized way so that I would not have to run after each and every link to put sessionid  uniqueid. Something like I can customize encodeURL method !
Thanks,but the game itself should be written with C.
Yes - don't do that...
Actually it is not. He doesn't have an else statement, just an additional appending if-statement. So given that InvokeRequired is not 100 reliable, he is running into cross-thread violations by accessing his panel from the thread.
The recent milestone version of Eclipse (3.5M5) includes the feature you just mentioned.
right, that's the same but with fewer words, :)
Im starting to realize that the question is way to broad to actually have a good answer.
No copy is created, the elements are reversed on the fly while traversing! This is an important feature of all these iteration functions (which all end on  ed ).
LongHorn is saying if it was secured properly it wouldn't matter if they guessed the URL.
I want to be able to create two model instances, that both require different constants (constant in that they are final for the life of the model, but not constant to every model). I was looking for a polymorphic solution where the interface didn't have to define a getter for each variable...
Richard Szalay, I wasn't sure.  The feature matrix says it supports reading pdfs, but whether it goes you an object model in the api to accesss parts of the pdf is something I can't say for certain.
That's pretty neat, didn't know about that
In addition, there is the destruct() method.
Funny, I often do that same typo in real code.
I don't think so.  The error occurs within TinyMCE.  View the source of this: http:demo.opensourcecms.comwordpresswp-adminpost-new.php  username admin password demo
Thanks for the bash example, I have something similar to this for the task but am in the process of converting all my bash scripts to Perl and so needed some guidance. The Perl Monks tutorial looks promising, I'll have a look at it later.
Right, that's a shame. I guess you'd have to create a IQueue interface and have your own implementation then.
A few minutes will be a very big misconception, because this is not a trivial problem.
They make colored pencils.  :)
Haha, yeah - I remember playing around with it a while back and so knew exactly what to search for :)  Still, I like your option aswell - it seems a bit more versatile.
Good point Mike, here's to thinking outside of the box.
That will get the RGB value, but the questioner wants to see the actual colour on screen in the IDE.
Indeed! Using `startkey` and such would be the 'correct' way to do this.
alphadogg -- I understood him to mean does the violation of a business rule cause your persistence layer to throw an exception or do you handle successfailure through return values.
We want to stay away from compression, for multiple reasons.  Mainly the latency it introduces.  Remoting only supports buffered responserequest (no chunked encoding).
I think your :ham and :spam are reversed.
Sounds great if you're trying to ruin his morale and push him to quit.
Don't think that will work in my case, since the mid-tier does proxy authentication to the database? Each actual user doesn't have their own db profile.
:( unfortunately the solution you described does not seem to work in my case
I've followed that article but now I'm stuck on this error:
Call me old fashioned, but being in online dictionary X doesn't necessarily make something a real English word.
You think this is going to be quicker than loading the data into a hashtable to start with? I very, very much doubt that. Further more, I'd argue it's a lot harder to work with for the vast majority of programmers.
Reduce your program to as simple a drawing program as possible.  Setup your OpenGL window, viewport, etc and attempt to draw a single line.  If it doesn't show up post that code here.  Then, when people see the issue with that you can apply the fix to your bigger problem.
Better than the accepted answer.
alwaysShowSelection:Boolean  [read-write] 
Ahs yes. I like to leave an exercise for the reader :)
Right, this is somewhat a bug in the Criteria API. You will have to resort to HQL because I don't think they have fixed it.
The developer formerly was with Macromedia and then Adobe, before going solo. His blog makes for a very interesting read.
I would realy, really, like to stress how awesome the django docs are. You should just read them and drop the outdated book.
What are you trying to do with these right triangles?  Maybe the problem can be solved by taking another path?  It reminds me of the process of mapping points in world space to pixels in window space, with the added twist of having pixels that are not square.
And don't forget that device drivers have the opportunity to reorder outstanding requests if it benefits the hardware (for example to order disk IO request by minimizing head seek distance).
It will work.  A for loop is nothing but a fancy while loop. (while you have less than the Count AND less than 50 (0-49) do the loop.
I have edited to note that our system is not the one providing access.
Bruno Tyndall I have tested this transformation with .NET 2.0 + XslCompiledTransform. It should work OK with the older XslTransform, too.
bothie: What sort of program is this? Is it possible that the program modifies the offending instruction bytes before getting there? There is no way this set of opcodes will ever run unmodified on Windows or any other x86 OS.
See also: http:stackoverflow.comquestions532468ignoring-a-null-parameter-in-t-sql532510532510
It did work, thanks a lot! I dont remember VS showing any dialog about a package load fail or anything like that. It's devenv.exe by the way.
I don't understand why those two macros should have different values.
rmeador, a library would indeed be better. The op asked for a command line utility though.
dupe http:stackoverflow.comquestions540077
The fundamental reason of preferring C++-style comment is that you can comment out a block of code which may have comments in it. If that comment is in C-style, this block-comment-out of code is not straight forward.
Most of the deployments we're looking at are not huge (4 or fewer nodes) but I'm really curious to hear about significantly larger deployments, mainly to see if these solutions scale linearly as is claimed in much of their documentation.
PLINQ would just parallelize the iteration, which could speed up certain search algorithms.  If the list is already sorted, the binary search is the best option, and can't be parallelized.
That's a really good tutorial! Thanks for posting it.
Your experience that most embedded programmers are electrical engineers is different from mine. Yes there are some, but I have mostly been involved with Computer Engineers and occasionally Computer Science grads.  Maybe DoD contracts require a bit more Software discipline than the commercial world.
Kibbee: Look under multiplexing on this page: http:www.microsoft.comsqlserver2005enusSpecial-Considerations.aspx. That basically indicates that you either need CALs for the web site users (not realistic) or a proc license.
Is there a SenderID or RecipientID or another numerical identifier that can be used as opposed to a string pattern match?
SLOC == standard lines of code or somesuch?
Having taken a compiler course I can attest to this, it made me a better programmer because I now have a greater understanding of one of the tools I use most.
If you're downloading executables directly from urls there is no limit to what could have installed itself on your machine.
cdleary: I said that because, as a user of Mac OS X, all OS X users are by default still using 5.8.8, unless they went out of their way to upgrade it.
I feel like a complete idiot. You're 100 right. Works now with mod rewrite enabled.
I figured as much...
That's almost exactly what I'm looking for.  I added the color table from your link to the Office2007Renderer project and used it instead of the default Office2007ColorTable.  It's awfully close and gets me much further down the road!
I see.  I'm using Java regex on OS X.
Could you post the actual code you are using (even if you have to anonymise it)? Have you tried putting a break point before the call to DoCmd and stepping through and seeing if the query really is being deleted during the second run?
What database server are you using?
You don't need comment chars in keyval lists :)
I disagree that windows should not be maximized.  In fact, think of your desktop like your browser: a tabbed interface, with some dialog boxes from time to time.  I find maximized windows more useful to use (with some exceptions like comparisons and such -- but that's what dual monitors are for!).
What reasons are there to HTML encode without System.Web?
In my experience, code should be self explanatory is too idealistic and just doesn't scale to large, complex, multi-developer systems. In the real world, sometimes the best-named variables and functions still can't tell you WHY the code does what it does.
This appears to be a duplicate of: http:stackoverflow.comquestions452969does-python-have-an-equivalent-to-java-class-forname
Can you post an example of how you are doing this now?
Also to note, I have this in my my.cnf file: skip-external-locking and skip-locking
Kalecser And how will this help the OP to detect methods that mutate their arguments?
Thanks, will try that!
It would be useful if you could post your entire stack trace.
Asking users to provide both a short and long version when creating a tag will just lead to confusion.  Best stick with either just the tag name or artificial key like you suggested.
Thanks for the tips. I've fixed these and a few other things. Python is a really nice language. :-)
Thanks for on-topic answer. :)
Using Visual Studio's Advanced Save Options dialog, I'm specifying a UTF-8 encoding using Unicode line separators.  The line separator is being encoded as UTF-8 as it should be.
Robert Gould, Ahh, I see what you are saying now.  Yes, I agree.
Added the directory creation. Stripping out titles is deliberate. It will preserve the dashes in the name. Your character class is not correct, because '-' has special meaning inside one. You should either escape it, or put it as firstlast in the character class, else it won't work as advertised.
Yes, this makes a subdivision even though it is a bit crudenaive approach, resulting in a not very good subdivision.
Doug, SO is heavily C.NET, Java, and C++ biased. Mostly, because that's what most people work in. Non-procedural languages are more niche and so they come up less frequently.
Indeed, note the anything nonzero is truth! Anything nonzero is usually interpreted as `true`.
Thanks Jonathan, this provides what I wanted to know.
Are you inserting from one table into another?
new Thread(Loop).Start(); -- if this is what you're really doing then why aren't you using the thread pool?
Hm... Are you sure? I read over the document you linked and I don't see how those timers could detect a hung (basically live-locked) thread. Please correct me if I'm wrong!
This is exactly why I said was (is?), and particularly the term slower.  Nowhere did I say that Ruby is in itself slow.
Sorry, I'm not understanding what you mean when you say you don't want to update the entire record.  If you're the one updating the CA table, then you can choose to update whatever fields you want.  Just join from the new data to your existing CA records and update the fields you want to update.
Thanks, that was a quick one.
created in code? isn't all strings created in code? or do you mean hard coded strings, as opposed to... i.e. strings fetched from a database runtime?
Thanks... It was realy very much helpful... It solved my problem..
what happens if there is a exception inside lock?
Technically speaking there is but it's not supported widely enough
Thanks for this very thorough answer. Fully understand now with your help - and have learnt alot thinking it through. Thanks again.
internals of the bat would be nice.
The addresses do not come from malloc(), in general. In one usage there can be a few 100k members in the set (on a 32bit machine).
No I don't think so. It contains input fields.
Jorn, he gave you pseudo-code, that's not good enough for you?
Adding XML to HTML provides the data validation and transformation capabilities of XML to HTML.  It also allows for more reliable parsing, query, and rendering.
This is useful information, but not quite what I'm looking for. Consider folding-mode, which has things like C-c C- >. I'd like to quickly specify C-c C- as my prefix so I can just type > to enter a fold without binding keys in my .emacs every mode one by one.
I thought the stash simpler somehow to understand, but your approach is better at taking into account the working directory across different branches. +1
ic.   Hmmm, many server products use the provider model where there might be a logging provider. If SQL Server offered that then you could insert a filter as a custom error provider.  A quick search shows Integration services has this.  but i don't know about SQL Server itself.
Tomalak nevermind this works. I really appreciate your help as well as the other that helped out
are there any other stack trace sections below that one?
thanks a lot :) really helped +20rep for you
What messages did you see when running the SProc in your IDE?
annakata well done
What platform are use using?
Just to clarify, the browser does the limiting (server can technically have its own) based on the name of the domain.
Yes, this is what I tried to say below but obviously used far too few words. I'll be more verbose next time.
Bingo, maybe I'll just give in, build it all on google apps in python as an api and access it from a page behind... probably faster too.
Do I have to worry about data crossing over when I have concurrent accesses from different users or is that handles automatically?
Simon: please look at  ystein krog's answer. You want to use a base 64 representation of your integer data, and NOT the base64 module, which is meant to encode arbitrary binary data and doesn't compress the text representation of numbers. See http:en.wikipedia.orgwikiBase64 )
I would.  It's how it was created.  Depending on the platform you're using, once you modify generated code you either have to keep track of all your changes and re-apply every time you re-generate, or you can't re-generate.
Yes, I guess that STIntersection would be part of the solution. Also, taking STBoundary of A and intersecting it with B gives the shared border.
Yes, I knew better. :( Redmine looks good. And considering that I am developing a Rails App... I like that as well.
Hi David, this makes sense, however I am still not sure, why and how the server knows to send the browser. So if I understand correct, the next time the browser is requesting the resource, the server somehow sends information to the browser about the files modification status-- but isnt this a get
See updated post
the fqa is written in a style that isn't quite serious. it's just downmodding the c++ language with weird reasoning and blatant words. better recommend the FAQ light instead!
strager: True, and there are a handful other incompatibilities as well. C++ isn't a strict superset of C, although it comes close.
Totally agree re: your comments about people not understanding SQL
Um, get legal advice on whether you even can do this because seriously this is just begging for a lawsuit if not handled properly.
When you say that XP crashed, do you mean that the operating system blue screens?
OK you've convinced me; I think it is technically an assignment operator, which means this isn't a bug. But it's frustrating as we all know it's really a method call underneath... ah well :-S
Thank you Luke, that was spot on
Sorry, I am confused. I always think there is only one data type in SQL Server called VARCHAR, so VARCHAR and VARCHAR(MAX) are the same. Am I wrong? :-(
thanks for your answer...!
The problem is with those host OS doing it wrong and any end user wondering why the brand new disk he bought in the store reports less once installed than what's printed on its box.
smacl: in this case histogram has length ~10000, that's a lot of mutexes ;-) interesting idea though.
It would help if you had looped on index < array - numPerTest. Also, what you want to do is take a slice of index..(index+numPerTest -1). Right now you're taking one element more than numPerTest
I can't as the read the entire set into memory before returning it.
It's unclear what the question is.  Is there a problem that you're trying to fix, or are you asking how to start a thread?
I'm thinking of how to keep it small. If the name is in a consistent place then all you really need convert and show on your web site is the name page as a thumbnail. You can then put the PDF behind a link for download.  Would that work?
The real use for singletons vs staticsglobals is single point of initialization, but (at least) .NET has you there with the static constructor.
It would help to know what you're trying to achieve.
I'm sitting here reading this again and wondering if I asked the question wrong and how you could think I was speaking of window size and not dragging, I don't even mention the word size or re-size in my question...
I specifically said that it should be a command line tool!
You can sign programmatically (though not trivially): http:www.onjava.compubaonjava20010412signingjar.html
i said IFace.thisIsTHeMethod on purpose because therein lies the problem. it would not be possible to call it on the interface without undefined behavior (even though its declared on it)
Apparently, there is no need to save memory, but there is a need to save CPU.
Thanks Cristophe, I actually came up with a solution that does what I need - simply using navigateToURL(urlReq, self).
Expanded... but maybe not helpfully :-)
Have you tried a find in files search?  Look for function nvl to figure out where it is; like CJ said, nvl isn't a standard function.
The value is set to (TargetDir)(TargetName).lib
Because it allows you to change implementation details inside the function, if needed, without breaking code that calls the function.
Yes, you will need to run as the user.
It doesn't have any components at all, it's just a plain old class library.
You could do it via STI, yep. You'd just need to change the generated class code to include it. In my case most of the tables are fairly large, so it was worth splitting them up.
hard to say, your table is a table variable so it should all be in memory. Why not run a test on your system measure the difference btw the two?
Early kick-out=Test. No? -> Done. Like a flowchart. Actually, my reading comprehension is fine--when I reread a source. By the time I read down the page, I had forgotten the actual context. You helped me realize that the question--as asked--hadn't been answered.
Joel: Good catch.  Darn VB... I guess my C is showing : ... anyway, it should be better now.  Thanks again...
No, if heshe did that than strrev will attempt to modify a const, which should not compile.  Moreover, since the const is actually coming from the executable image itself, even if the program were forced to compile, a crash may ensue (trying to alter memory mapped to the exec. image.)
Should also mention, it has a plugin for Eclipse, too - http:ant.apache.orgivyivyde
nope I don't think its URL rewriting?? I just want that it should not add default.aspx in case if somebody is requesting like example.comsearch.aspx then it can redirect to http:www.example.comsearch.aspx
note that he has a member template class, and not a member template function. the thing is more complicated for a member template class. because for example friendship is not granted anymore.
fmsf: Then your answer should go Because you want to code in C in Linux and not Cross-paltform
Maybe if you could post some of the HTMLJavaScript of the page? Also, can you give us information the memory usage of the page? Is it high? Does it climb?
I've actually since had the chance to redo the whole thing.  The XSD I was using was created in Eclipse, edited with their graphical editor, and validated against the W3C validator for XSD schema, so I can safely rule out malformed-xsd problems.
RS: Yes, circular references are a special case which I didn't mention (perhaps wrongly) for simplicity. Yes, I probably should have.
I really don't have a problem with dual PKS, I know some people do, probably because frameworks hate it.
Thank you very much!
How do you know it returns void?
py2exe still requires the manipulation of a half-dozen dll's and such.  The bottom line is no matter what, there's an installer.  This makes python a real hard sell for me for desktop stuff. (still using tcltk for this, with starkits)
Although he was indeed pretty cryptic, he did at least say that he wanted Unit tests. Selenium may be a cool framework, but it's give you integration tests.
I've updated the question to (hopefully) cover your 2 questions.
Are you able to describe concepts that usually take 2 pages or even a chapter of a book, in an articulate way in an interview situation. I can't without rehearsing them beforehand
Jeffrey Awesome!
Thanks for the advice guys. I understand the concern to the structure however this is to interact with an existing solution our customers use which enforces such structure. And as you pointed out correctly it is for configurable properties (name and number).
Unfortunately, no.  We had VB6 data reports on a smaller project ~5 years ago and could not upgrade them, so our tech team rewrote the reports.
This isn't quite right. If x>10 and y<=5, but z>2, this will perform action1 when it should perform action 2.
MetroidFan2002: Syntax exception catched I mean caught :) ( I should've take seriously to Google check spelling red underline )
It adds readability, and allows you to encapsulate more complex compound evaluations in the future.  I have had simple if statements turn very ugly very quick, especially if you start combining ifs and ors.
Pretty good for technology questions list. I wish someone could make a questionaire to check if candidate would write low-maintainance code.
Ok, so only some images are affected, and only images uploaded since the server change display incorrectly. Do ALL images uploaded since the server change display incorrectly or only some?
Wonder of wonders. sizeof gives me 4! :) So this is a debugger issue indeed. Go figure! Thanks.
I would add that extra info to your question...
Mitch see (http:en.wikipedia.orgwikiGUID) it discusses the predictability (possible to predict next 250,000 guids). The probability of collision is not the issue here, it's the potential for prediction of the next GUIDs
Now, this looks more like it - will try it out and report back, have voted it up already. It may appear crude, but sometimes, simpler is really better. :)
Aha you were quick :-) thanks
PlentyofFish too and they do it all on one or two servers.
Everything asked in this question has been discussed at length here, http:stackoverflow.comquestionstaggedmono
Interesting point with the VM not allowing 500 files open.
I thought the query plan would be a compiled form of the query that the server would keep for a while in case the same query comes by again after a while. Can you explain why it would be irrelevant when no index was involved? Thanks :)
No, ptrtoa is a pointer to const int, meaning exactly that you promise not to change a.
Tiberiu Ana:
I need more control over formatting than I can get by simply redirecting IE's printed output to a driver, unfortunately.  Generating the underlying XPS seems, to put it mildly, non-trivial.
dirk, the `w` in your second regex matches exactly one word character; to match a whole word you need `w+`.
Again you say that this is a common pattern. You've even said that it's a critical requirement of most OO systems. So maybe you could show me one or two projects where this pattern is used?
This query is incorrect.  As is it assumes the the whole list of owners is in both tables.  Even if you change it to LEFT OUTER JOIN, you are assuming the list of owners is wholly in the primary table.  To get the accurate list you need to use the UNION ALL approach.
Fair enough. In that case, I expect your current code is about the cleanest you'll get (IMO). The delegate thing is fine, but feels unnecessary...
POSTDATA seems to be empty also.
Can you please describe tables structure? Are all fields (username, email activation code, email, activation flag) in the same table, or they are in separate tables (ex User table (UserId, UserName, Email, IsActivated) and Email table (EmailId, UserId, Date, Message))?
SCSI device sdb: 584843264 512-byte hdwr sectors (299440 MB)
Richard: thanks
ProC sticks to C90 and works under everything I've seen since 1996 -- Borland C, Visual C, gcc etc.
Thanks for the comment - I guess I should have made it a bit more explicit Category is distinct and is both the value and the text. And really where it is failing is the (SelectList)ViewData[MonitoringType]
+1, but I would label Additional cost as Initial cost, because if you're getting proper reuse from the control then total cost should be lower.
Mmyers, why would I do that? (I don't meant to be sarcastic if it seems that way). How is that bettermore effective?
What's the frame after SYS0?
jrockway: I can't find it in 5.10. I remember in older versions of perl that it doesn't do this sort of optimization and this fact was mentioned in documentation. May be you right and Regexp::Optimizer is useless now.
Thanks...I had actually tried adding those registry values, but had left out the InstallInfo key and values.  After adding those, works great.
I wonder what's wrong with this approach
Re the notation: xi by itself is fine notation, and obviously accepted throughout math.  The summation is over i from 1 to N, which means it also includes i=1 and i=2.  That means that part of your sum is f(x1) and f(x2), which are the value of your function at the endpoints.  You may not want this.
Great, that works, and an alternative to V on the command line is:
I probably shouldn't have assumed you wanted a C++ answer.  Next time it might be worth including your language of choice as a tag :-)
Oscar: this form is not 'I18N safe', it is one step further when a particular I18N technique is already applied. I think 'I18N safe' refers to general ideas making code more suitable for I18N. However your example qualify as well.
jQuery in Action is a fantastic book.  Just had to throw that in :)
Yeah, running explain shows that the users table is not using an index (even though id is the primary key). Under extra it says: Using temporary; Using filesort. Not sure why it wouldn't use the index..
I would use BEGIN so that functions declared like this work the same
I think the link is not relevant; I am asking about redirecting different subdomain requests to different servers, not URL redirection
I am not sure if this would be a new question or not, but is there a simple way to embed an iframe in a div?  I was tinkering with jframe.js last night with no success.
Hmm - not sure how I missed that!  That looks like exactly what I need.  Thanks
The code can be modified to do that.  The key is to just change when the insertion adorner is rendered from only sometimes to always.  I expect it would make the code simpler.
Please change your code so it's not so vulnerable to sql injection.  See this topic, among others. http:stackoverflow.comquestions1973what-is-the-best-way-to-avoid-sql-injection-attacks
i think this is a dupe of http:stackoverflow.comquestions133601
Maybe you can give some additional information. What alternatives are you considering? Do you also use a database? How much data do you expect to store? Is the data going to be updated by one user or many?   Do you need to back up the data? etc.
Hilarious.  I downvote incorrect answers, not ones that are not exactly what I was looking for.  Sorry for trying to help out.
In other words, you think this might be fixed by extracting a createAndShowGui() method and doing an invokeLater()?
would be helpful if you pasted those 3 frames so we can see what those are i think
So why vote this down -- all approaches that could work. Sheesh. By all means vote an answer down if it's wrong, and explain why in a comment; but with no justification it just hurts the greater knowledge.
note that the algorithm won't discern between values with identical string representation, eg 5 and '5'
how the heck is a topic about IDE's not programming related?
ooo and one more thing, with regards to a user uploading a malicousa php file. do you know any good ways i can prevent this? would be very very helpful indeed! thanks again.
What version of vim are you using and what platform (windows, linux, etc)?
awithrow It's C. Assumed from the code given.
Because it's still an array property.  And I downvoted that for a reason Gortok: it's a demonstrably incorrect answer.  (Plug that in and it won't compile.)
Well.. std is my point.  If a test has < stack > then I'd be screwed. Same goes for string.  I've never used either.  But they are in there. I mean they're simple but if I've got 1 min to answer a question. I might not have enough time to remember how to use them. I'd like to take tons of tests.
for reference, ctrl-L deletes a line in Visual Studio, whereas ctrl-X xuts it. Usually they are interchangeable, but might have occasions when you have something on the clipboard and you want to delete not cut
Awesome! You're the best :) Don't know how I could have missed that.
Thanks. This was exactly what I am looking for!
Things in the main thread will access the bool.
wow thanks, awesome link.
Why don't you provide some information, like what the query looks like and what sort of data is being fed to it?
k i got it...thanks!
Sweet! When did this get fixed? There are still many examples in the pod that use the while defined syntax. IIRC Perl used to treat while(<>) differently than while(<FILE>).
[morgancodes]: downvoting attempts to be helpful does not encourage others to help you.
He wanted to know if an existing function exists that he can use.
Yes - the SPWeb should -not- be disposed of in this case, because it is being provided by SPSite.RootWeb. This may be tangential to your problem, but it will cause issues down the line.
This question wasn't a CW when I answered it, so I didn't make my answer a wiki either. It now is, so it's been changed. Please don't assume I'm rep-whoring without consulting the history of this question.
perfect, worked like a charm.
ya i figured that out i'm writing a new solution now :)
It doesn't look nice syntactically but it works. However I think there can bea golbal setting that disables the php short tags? That's why I'm looking for another solution. I would prefer to stricly use one style of php tag over the entire application.
I've modified the code. The error in the sample run still presists.
Huh? What's your question?
Do you realize that you're leaking a (potentially huge) image file? This answer can be summarized as catch the exception, it's pointless to provide example code... when you're at it, you may well add a VB sample.
+1 Thanks, this works very well.
That's unethical, I believe, until and unless you wrote the game yourself.
How is that question related to this one? I was asking for a way to check on runtime if .NET is installed, the other one was asking which .net framework versions come preinstalled on what OS.
afaik you can't go inserting html elements inside a textarea, so that won't work
Man, there exists no vi or vim thread from which I do not learn something. Today I learn about norm.  And as they say at Cheers, Norm!
(...) typically with a direct connection to the database <-- I guess you are thinking about DataProviders in ASP.NET, huh? Yeah, they tend to disorganize the development. Either you use them everywhere, or you don't use them at all.
You don't have to vote him down because he didn't know the right question to ask.
So, toFloat in Java doesn't change an existing object. I'm looking at Ruby where you can say x=abc and then x=100 - you said Javascript generates new objects but I thought Ruby just changes the existing object to a new type. Or am I wrong?
The project is in prod, but we are adding features and fixing bugs with regular(I would approximate quarterly) releases, which means for each release we get ~1.5 mnths of dev before qa starts.  what Ive tried to argue is we add rebuilding these key components to the cycle, no one agrees with me yet.
so far, while it goes against my goal of learning something marvelous and new, this does  let me get on with work and be productive.
Looks like it so far!
I definitely agree with that. I wasn't implying by irrational that I shouldn't handle their feedback seriously. We're coding for human beings, which are highly irrational creatures :)
But won't it be bad if my setters throw an Exception.
SQLite, but a possible solution could be to switch the database. (I'd not like that, though)
im not so worried about whats entered into the database, just the actual php files being in the extracted folder where someone might be able to run it later. Aslong as no php files can't be read, i guess thats not so bad.
What shell is this for? BASH, TCSH, BOURNE,...?
yeap, you're right, I just write it in SO editor :) editing !
For a while, I think the OpenMode global variable could cause file-related code to be non-thread-safe, but that's fixed nowadays, and wasn't a major risk anyway since hardly anyone every writes to it.
Beaten by 20 seconds! Indeed, juts what I was going to say; if there is an exception - UNLESS you expect it and can do something useful about it, let it bubble to the caller.
A reference is a reference to l-value, not necessarily to a variable. Because of that, it's much closer to a pointer than to a real alias (a compile-time construct). Examples of expressions that can be referenced  are p or even p++
You can browse the code at: http:gallery.svn.sourceforge.netviewvcgallerytrunkgallery2
i've nothing to add to his answer :) i like the linked blog entry about linkage too.
You probably right: Oracle uses nonpadded comparison semantics whenever one or both values in the comparison have the datatype VARCHAR2 or NVARCHAR2. I need to do a test to check it.
ok added responses to those too
Okay, this got strange.  I removed the file from disk and started over.  Seems to be working now! :D
Maybe by 'flipped' he means 'may be flipped'. That would make it possible.
Agreed. Left for readability nuts.
Jarret, any tip on providing my own handler that will do this.  getting over my head :)
Actually, not the case (unless you care about symptomatic performance - Worst Case - for large data sets), the heap alloc, linking is much worse than the List's assign to inner array. Prepends, maybe, but again, only for medium-to-large data sets.
Hm! Well with that in mind,the first place I'd personally look is Vanilla [http:getvanilla.com].  Great community, respectable architecture.  This add-on [http:preview.tinyurl.com5cp57t] may even meet your exact needs.
Then don't use it.. Also, learn irony.
Yes, I agree with you about using getset. It makes the code more OO.
Yes, you are right. I meant that only, may be it was not clear.
This is the entire code I am using: http:pastebin.comd46480fd0
I want the consumer to be responsible, so I can't put it in the producers. You could think of the producers to be untrusted by design.
How are you communicating between Flex and Java now?
Oh, I didn't notice that in the question, editing...
Sounds close, but we are not an open source project.
Yes, I found it, thanks !
There was an early guideline at Apple: It's hard to be easy.
BTW setfill('0') << setw(5) seems way more self-explaining than 05.
Yeah, I noticed that too, but figured I'd just pull the `[0:-1]` trick on the first two values in each `item.title`.
Caffeine: Please learn the difference between app hungarian and systems hungarian.  Oh, and check out http:www.joelonsoftware.comarticlesWrong.html
You would need to add in some checking to remove a pair if three of a kind is present, or remove three of a kind if four of a kind is present.
I downloaded Wine. I find the string IIDIShellLinkA in shell32.dll.so.
The loss is both the extra column and the need to keep it consistent.  I agree that it is well justified in this case though.
I do not even have a Windows box, so thanks, but that's of little use to me.
yeah, it didn't look like it's coming in right.
because those files are just for eclipse to know which files are included in your project... You can open up a terminal go to your project directory and type ls -a .. it will show the hidden files.
I suspected they might write differently (different buffer sizes, etc.), and it worked for me. Of course you can't entirely fix the problem without locking of some sort, but choice of write method might make it less noticeable.
Right. Two models = two connect strings.
The sets are fuzzy and Bayesian reasoning won't be applied..  
You're right, dmckee, I'm not looking for a pipe. I want something that can be opened by any arbitrary program that knows how to open a file for reading. I should have been more clear in my question.
Van Gale: Nice. If you try to use it nowadays, you should use the trunk version as we haven't released the 1.2 yet.
then just click the little floppy disk icon once you are finished to save the file
In what religion is anything other than 13666 an unlucky number? (nevermind that 666 isn't divisible by 13).
I'm in favor of this solution.  I put static properties in a static class that I can use anywhere on the site and throw a try catch around where I convert the string to a specific type.  You can use this same approach for accessing the Session or Cache objects as well.
I like your definition of a 'nice' number. These rules give me something tangible to shoot for.
I don't agree; unless you are writing a library or have strong architectural reasons in a large system. Pick one and use it like what it is. If you need to change it, change it and let the compiler tell you what needs fixing. Premature Abstraction is almost as bad as Premature Optimization.
Fixed. And I do not agree at all with your interpretation of grammar.
Sunny: Thanks. I still think that in this case the solution is to point the author to the tutorial itself instead of trying to guess what he means or copy pasting huge tutorial sections in here.
Yes. You have to import it someway. Although it is a bit of a cheat...
not odd at all, Java makes easier common tasks, while big decimal is not so much common.
point taken :D
You are welcome.
Since we work with UTC exclusively, I never saw the DateTime conversion in any method parameters for our service. Glad to help; something learned on my end as well. :-)
Hi Graham,
I'd recommend paramiko for java, cleverly called jaramiko - http:www.lag.netjaramiko . originally in Python, has been ported to Java.  will make it easier to use python version when boss lets up  :)
David - Pedant :-) 
http:www.smashingmagazine.com2008101650-excellent-ajax-tutorials
Sybase has also got LIST(). Come on Microsoft...
I even tested that replacing the setTimeout and setInterval functions works by calling them in the Greasmonkey script.  As expected, I see alerts.  My problem seems to be that Gmail has already called setTimeout or setInterval before the Greasemonkey script runs.
D'oh. And I was being so careful too. Mine works if the '-filter' is changed to '-include'. I can't say I understand why filter doesn't work.
Hi blu, sorry, I did no testing beforehand, not having your graph API available so I just typed the code as-is. Your correction is of course necessary.
My 0.02: Use the default unless you have a really good reason not to. About dependencies: I think we'll just have to disagree on that.
This didn't make any difference.
I pasted what I've got so far.  Almost... :P
Thanks for the links and tips!
You could use Selenium IDE (its a firefox plugin) to record what you want.  Then you don't have to write the code (although the generated code is probably not the best)
Well I think that your schema would be simple to replicate on multiple databases.  The key would be reprogramming your code to use the different databases for each client.
thanks for the answer. Right now i'm working with my own WMI client, but it fails every now and then
I modified my answer.
+1 - Great post but hate the color scheme of her site (not that it matters)...
Hmmm... this is what I was trying to avoid, but may not have any choice - thanks.
This might sound a bit nuts, but the 'Java' folder doesn't exist in my list of views available, even after getting the new window by clicking 'other'. I have General, CVS, Data Management, Debug, Dynamic Languages, Help, Javascript, PHP Tools, Server, Team, and XML.
I'm not going to down vote or anything but TDD is so talked about (regardless if it has true merit or not) that I'm surprised that your surprised to hear anyone using it at all at this point.
Thanks...it could also lose the 'cd home' and use 'du -s home '...TMTOWTDI, to quote a (moderately) well-known acronym.
1) Always ensure your results are reproducible before you notify the press...
Why limit the user in choice of characters?
Code for the wrapper will help understand it better.
What jonstjohn said... without discussing language features, what are you actually trying to do?
I always hear about wanting value semantics - what would be a time such a thing is desired?
Do mysqlrealescapestring(stripslashes(POST['var']))
I think we'll need to see the definitions of findObj and readObj
Then install setuptools, from http:peak.telecommunity.comDevCentersetuptools .
Fine.  See the updated first example for your particular situation.
I'm guessing he was unfamiliar with a WCF Datacontract...
string.asciiletters, since string.letters is locale dependent.
There's nothing to be found on your page?
I personally would NOT say that. As for littering your code with entities, you don't need to generate a thing you don't want.
No. 20 pixels x 20 pixels = 400 square pixels. A 4x4 tile is 16 square pixels. 40016 = 25 4x4 tiles inside a 400 square pixel region.
that's ok, I want to use it from the command line
Perfect, a beautiful answer.
Sorry, I implied that from MyListControl  MyListItemControl ?
I added the EnableViewState for testing purposes. Since ddlFixed retains its state, so should the Panel and consequently the Ddls. Moving the creation to PreInit or Load didn't help also. I'm baffled...
check the answer here: http:stackoverflow.comquestions90good-branch-merge-tutorials-for-tortoise-svn
You need to be more specific about the alternatives you're comparing.
This was helpful in tracking down the cause.  I have updated my question to reflect the additions.
please add a screenshot of how your jar looks like when visualized with a zip program (7-zip, for example)
overslacked, partially you're right. cd D:foo used to break, while cd foo worked.
I return the top 10
Is the memcache client in the GAE dev-server actually connecting to a memcache server? Quickly looking at the code it almost seems like it's emulated in Python..?
OTOH, inlined SQL was more common in the olden days.
Trying to call free with a pointer to the previous block will usually lead to a program crash - set all those pointers either to the value returned by realloc or to null.
I don't see how it could work if you don't have the polygon for Amsterdam.
<a href='javascript:document.forms[0].submit()' onClick=return processParams(wt.projmgmt.admin.Project2:282144) >Unit 3<a> This is the exact output to Tomcat
This has been fixed in the latest version. You can now add '?' to the mask, which means anything after is optional. So you could add the mask ?(999) 999-9999 to allow partial phone numbers. This is particularly useful for extensions.
been there... :)
I've tried it and it does not meet my requirements (as outlined in the text accompanying the question).
Boot: If a developer wants to charge for a major functional upgrade is a new chargeable version installed in the App Store as a separate V2.0 program? Anyhow this would not be a solution to the periodic top-up requirement.
Is applying the seq function sort of like casting to seq (=IEnumerable), or is it F's direct equivalent of a cast?
Ah, Thank you. Thats what I am looking for!
Thanks for the heads-up. I modified my answer to reflect this info.
Spot on. There's no reason to build any of that stuff until you need it. Plus, climb on the backs of others. Some nice tools exist that already do some of those things (log4net, etc.)
Design by contract is about preconditions, postconditions and invariants. Not about setting terms about how returned values canmust be used.
Yeah cool. The eval() worked but I gotta give the answer to lpfavreau
No there was no specific reason. I guess I was working off an older example. Your solution works. Thank you
Its a form for the respective video that I am playing. That form needs to be filled. The fields for that form are provided based on the ids. So i need to match the id and generate the form. Did this help?
That's cool. Regexes are like a dirty little secret of programming. Anyone who goes around providing regex-based solutions gets in the habit of mentioning their limitations and pitfalls, because if we don't, someone else will. ;-)
what language are you using? Perl? Python?
Can BigTable be used outside of Google AppEngine?
Thank you Marc, I have adopted your two changes as suggested :)
If I try a merge I will solve the new fieldstables problem but I will get duplicate associationConnector such as this one:
Given line segments from p1 to p2 and from q1 to q2 you need to compute all of the following distances and take the minimum: (line1, line2), (p1, line2), (p1, q1), (p1, q2), (p2, line2), (p2, q1), (p2, q2), (line1, q1), (line1, q2). (Or maybe you can show mathematically that some can be eliminated.)
HTTP Client exhibits the same behavior I'm experiencing even with GET. Constant authentication requests.
It's actually not all that uncommon, in my experience.
... and a bit of RAM
This is a very creative solution. The only issue I have with it is that I can't define an outline on the text box when it gains focus unless I use JavaScript to change the border of the wrapper div.
Yeah -- more checking really needs to be put in place to handle invalid input. The comments this isn't very safe is where this problem can happen.
Please give me an example ;D
didn't = throw an exception? Does for me.
Why is this question getting modded down?
For Vim, the :make command is very useful (especially when bound to a key [combination]).
I'm glad to hear they have no knowledge of the DB, but they shouldn't have knowledge of the service that manages the DB either. 'Something' should pass a PhoneCall object to the PhoneCallList and 'Something' should pass the service whatever it needs too.
Thanks for the correction, X-Ray. I'll fix the typo (I knew I should have copied and pasted instead of retyping. <g>)
jder I've heard tell of a computer that used a radioactive element for randomness, and another that used a camera looking at a Lava Lamp.
Odd measurement was due to setting position:absolute... problem solved(ish)
Andy: in most cases, you can get away with that; in some cases, the compiler might produce sub-optimal code, though
thanks. why didn't i think of delegate.
interesting, ok, I couldn't find it in App.config though, I'm working through the StockTrader demo in the Prism V2 guidelines.
it is in PEAR, Seems SO does odd things with URLs containing underscores, have changed the link...
Great fix. Saved me A LOT of time. Thanks
This is a typical  extract URLs    linkify URLs  question. Have you checked the questions? (See  Related  on the right side.)
this doesn't work, eg. 65^5 = 116... for k = 3
Whoever just edited this post just made everything that's been said completely irrelevant with regards to cout, and removed all reference to C++. . . . hmmmmm
Ahh, ok. You are right!
+1: Wow, what a lot of stuff.
I did some fiddling in my markup and figured out what my problem was. The last <p> element on my page had a margin on the bottom.
I'm assuming the custom control uses viewstate (the dropdown list definitely would) in which case yes, ASP.NET will manage the viewstate when it is added to the pages collection.
Ah ha, you are right, per spec it would be a parse error, as the FunctionDeclaration production only occurs inside the SourceElement production rather than statement.  So I apologise you were right -- it is technically a syntax error.
controlfp() works the same way. If you use it to modify the value of the control word, the return value is the modified control word; only by not modifying it (mask == 0) can you retrieve an unmodified value.
Remember, you can also use the more generic UTF-16 encoding to write Norwegian characters.
vitaly.v.ch, as far as I know 'nice' changes the amount of CPU time that is consumed by a process versus other processes. I don't get how this is related to the amount of RAM it uses.
thanks, the SO thread you link to is basically my question, very helpful.
jsp not big anymore?? JSF hasn't quite replaced it yet
Xaisoft: Don't worry :) And yes, it can be a little hard to grasp. But it comes over time - and then you wonder what you did before delegates came along, particularly with lambda expressions...
In a multi-tier system that you suggest, Pregzt will have to be careful about transactional integrity- if machine holding the queue crashes, for example, [s]he may lose some data.  JMS does include transaction awareness, but the performance characteristics of that are implementation dependent.
Yep had you not suggested it already I would have done that as my fall back answer ;-)
The [...] anti-pattern is difficult to implement? This sounds strange. Is this what you wanted to say ?
This is what we use where I work for that purpose.
You are still missing the 't' when creating the text field.
I love you Gumbo!
+1 While not specifically the problem, changing the charset to utf8 does solve my problem and this is probably necessary once I do change the charset so thanks for pointing it out.
Well, exceptions aren't relevant in all cases, sometimes things can go wrong without throwing an error, for example if you get an unexpected number of values, or if some of the values are not what was expected. You could always put a throw() on the end if you want an exception =]
I have a Vector of proprietary objects - each containing a String plus other information. Ideally some sort of custom renderer would style and append to the text pane but I can't figure out how to hang it together.
I guess I've seen enough cases where nobody had admin rights because people left and didn't tell their personal passwords to want admin to only be known to one person.
You're right. deleteOnExit shall work, too.
This is not a technical question and thus must be marked as a community wiki.  Please change it or I'm afraid that I'll have to vote to close (which I don't want to do as it is a good question).
+1 Well, upon reading the question again it's more likely to be Hamming than Levensthein.
One of the most compelling reasons being your 4th - being able to use a good version control system was a life saver.  I was able to not only keep my thesis synchronized between work and home, but the backup aspect of version control was a great comfort.
So far what I have - the page loads parent controls that load child controls and everything happens dynamically. With dynamic loading of controls come other issues related to ViewState etc. A cleaner approach would be to load controls that dont have nested controls. I thought MP is a good fit
Just compile errors becuase the preprocessor stuff isn't there.  E.g., ifdef DEFINEME
Yep. Also works without the [], as a generator expression.
thankyou thank you
Looks like imagemagick's convert works. I would prefer using GIMP since it surely supports its own format better, and also supports other formats. I have tried looking into GIMP from shell but it's a bit unintuitive. Can you perhaps drop an example or two on converting with GIMP,or a link with docs?
And is dependent on powersave technologies and good batteries.
Another thing is that you can remove some of the pointers and translate them into references. doSomething( Callback & c ), or GenericCallback could store a & instead of a pointer, making it more explicit that it will not deal with that memory
What were the caught exceptions? And you probably want to dispose of your proxy instance after the connection breaks, and get a new one.
Can you provide the output of the traces?
Yours is cooler. =)
ybo: It works fine for me (ASP.NET 2.0, VS2005). When did it fail for you?
I certainly did not ask it as a way to start a religious war.  Not sure why it was closed.
This is somewhat similar to http:stackoverflow.comquestions56411how-to-test-randomness-case-in-point-shuffling
Hi,
Odd - I've never seen it, but not infrequently see exactly the opposite - trying to use DOM for streaming input. (I'm not the downvote btw)
You would use CGContext for drawing but for the IsInside calc you're going to have to just use math. If you can express the shapes as polygons it's pretty straight forward. This link may help:
You can also check to see if the value is empty or not. If it is, you can skip adding the entry so the array only contains non-empty values.
strager - did you see question 503925? so you're suggesting what - h2 ;-) ? i'm leaning towards what yahoo does with their <h6> thing. if its legitimately a header it should be H something at least. i need to install a screenreader one of these days to see how accessiblity works
it does not embed version numbers into the source files ??? We always considered that practice as evil (mixing meta-data information into data), introducing merge hell. See also http:www.cmcrossroads.comcomponentoption,comfireboardfunc,viewid,23023catid,31Itemid,59323028
Date has to always be before priority but priority just needs more authority when some dates gets close to each within 10 minutes :)
I thought that might be the case.  Thanks anyway.
Thanks - but asynch queue solution is no good as the single background process is a single point of failure and doesn't scale. +1 for the effort though ;)
Yes, 1.5 MB. Maybe 2; never more than that.
I haven't used it recently, either.  I do remember that chords were a little frustrating because they don't fit well into a one-dimensional (plaintext) data stream, if that makes sense.
SendInput fixed this problem and a lot of others I was having.  Thanks for helping me resolve this.
I don't see where an exception could be thrown. The JIT is intelligent enough to disable range checks on the array within the loop, so it could also detect that no exception can occur.
I assume there's 2 threads working on the file, one to open and another trying to delete at the same time?
I was misunderstanding the way the tree functions; did not realize I had to use the model to notify of changes to the file system; in my case I know exactly what had changed, so firing the tree model event was simple, once I knew I had to.
I also find something similar in imeem.com, they can identify duplicates of a song even if the name, tags, etc are all different!
why are the python people trying to golf against perl?  If you can golf with python, can you write poetry too ( http:www.perlmonks.org?nodeid=237465) , and run some of the largest streaming media websites on the internet?
Sure thing - as soon as it gets released ;-p
I'd strongly recommend you look for alternate solutions, but if this is the way you have to go  djbdns is public domain, so you can hack it up all you wish.
when i tried ur code,i got the following error: An exception of type 'System.ArgumentOutOfRangeException' occurred in mscorlib.dll but was not handled in user code Additional information: Index was out of range. Must be non-negative and less than the size of the collection.
Using this scheme, you'd still get vectors that are very very close together but hash to different buckets - right at the edge of the rounding you're doing to compute IntValue.
Oops, you are right. It's good you clarified this in your answer.
Another data point - netcraft just released their march update, and while total share is around 50 apache30 IIS when you look at the busiest sites, it's 66 apache 18 IIS - probably in no small part due to the licensing costs of scaling a Windows web farm.
Hi Josh, I'm not using COM+, I'm using dllhost directly (it involves changing a couple of registry keys and instantiating as above). I create the pool of the out of proc objects internally in my program. We were unable to use COM+ due to client side restrictions.
I'll keep that in mind, thanks.
Worth noting a property is a wrapper around one or two (getName, setName) functions. So property inlining is a minimal extension over function inlining.
Good point (catch won't stop code from halting when an error is hit, especially if you handle a narrow exception type)
Locking the entire structure is horribly inefficient, if I have say 1 million nodes and ~10 threads working on them blocking the entire tree will slaughter performance.
MD5 isn't broken, there's one particular vulnerability that allows you to create a collision when you already have quite a bit of information about the data being hashed. It's still a perfectly valid choice for applications like verifying passwords (though using a salt is always a good idea).
It's ok, it does what I want.
If this was a hidden feature of python there would have been 40 more lines of code written in python today.
Is this available outside of the Rhino shell?
This answer is incorrect...it returns the whole years between dates, not the age (whose boundary is on the birthdate, not Jan 1st).
delete on close is an interesting idea, but CreateFile doesn't deal with directories (unless you use FILEFLAGBACKUPSEMANTICS, but I'm not sure that would work, and it requires SEBACKUPNAME privileges) :)
ya, that's the behavior on Win32 Emacs 22.0.99
would having a default value impact this?
You are right, my apologies. So there is some sort of half-baked escaping mechanism at work.
My code snippet was just to illustrate the use of an xmlwriter together with a DataSet, of course is doesn't work.
ya i have mentioned it. and trying to refine it further such that it satisfies those constraints.
It probably doesn't provide any advantage right now, but it might save you a lot of trouble if you decide to move stuff around some day.
Yeah I need to enforce IE for this
I get a similar error to the Guid method in my edit:  LINQ to Entities does not recognize the method 'Int32 Next()' method, and this method cannot be translated into a store expression..
In Java the standard idiom is to have an interface for the notifiable items. Wouldn't an abstract class be a cleaner design in C++ as well?
That was right - it stopped giving me that error after i made only the actual web folder (foofoo) as application. However, now it refuses to load Global.asax
'nondeterministic' is true but hardly the issue here. But leaving it for the GC is inefficient.
You're right - the extra constraint that the sequence is not only increasing but contiguously increasing makes it much simpler. Deleted my answer.
I see this was answered elsewhere - glad you got what you were after.
When I talk about using a function pointer, I didn't mean as a template parameter. I meant a function like this:
I agree that a Guid is an excellent choice for a primary key from a database perspective but if a customer has to provide a Guid over the phone or on a written form, I'm not sure that it's a good choice for this use case, i.e. Mail and Telephone Orders.
Sorry about the duplicate :- deleted
if you want entertainment, put a beep character into a directory name. You'll know if somebody in the room CD's into it that way ;)
for symfony 1.0.x for clearing cache you should use: php symfony cc
thanks but i must have not explained it clearly. the word 'culture' is the variable. i need to select each index.php and replace its content with the one line rather than the top most code. a search that includes culture will not find the other pages that have a different word instead of culture.
thank for the tutorial dude
Do you mean on HTML? Swing? something else?
Thanks for the vim tip. That's one useful I still didn't know :P
The disadvantage to the extension method is that everyone has to remember to call it or the updates fail. That's one issue the OP is trying to avoid.
I think the analogy is flawed. You wouldn't normally sell a car without an engine. And if your domain allowed for selling cars without engines, engineId wouldn't be a part of that table because it is not a necessary characteristic of the car.
Is there any disadvantage using StructureMap's static ObjectFactory inside the Method?
But why there are 2 threads in the first sample?
Daniel: I take it you aren't a web developer?
oops, yeah please :) best just leave it empty. the array size will be calculated automatically.
however, there are some cases where you have to call delete[] on result of new.
Actually, that template IS the configuration file. Users can alter it themselves.
zcat is ytour friend
Wow! I think I'll take that answer yes, but it's not pretty! I think I'll build that in only if I need to, don't want to mess about too much for now. Interesting stuff though.
And in the g++, the cout <<i=<<i<< i++=<<i++<< i--=<<i--<<endl; output 
I don't understand how come in my case the returend HTML doesn't match, but in your case it does. Doesn't it like WinXP, ActivePerl, or the modules I installed?
achinda99. Well, in my personal experience, I've never experienced any problems with TFS, while I've had a lot with AnkhSVN. Now, I don't pretend my viewpoint is universal ; YMMV ...
You have to do something like this: (ppsubamount).val( (otheramount).val() ). Note that val() returns a value, but sets a new one when passed as parameter; you can't assign a value to a function's result.
Okay.  If you're only going to display the 'assemblage', which is the other stuff in the table?  Can you simplify the table, or make two tables so that one table has the information you actually want to display?
It seems odd. I would use the constructor for new object instantiation.
Order could matter here, though? If A() calls B() but nothing calls A(), deleting B() first will be misleading since it won't compile.
It's much more common (I would say better) to use WHERE 1=1 AND ....
Nick Bolton - Nope ... app is not multi-threaded. Thanks!!
Close, but the tryfinally code doesn't quite match the using code.  You need to wrap it in an anonymous scope block, as well.
I doubt it - if you're just serving the files from your local webserver you don't need that, though.  For the bold portion of your question (uncompress just the needed portion and format it) that's probably a blocker.
Thanks.  I know about the benefits of datatables and such.  I am looking through a client's code base and am seeing quite a few samples of my above code.  I just wanted a second opinion before I started making fixes.
I have now tried this also.  I implemented IEquatable on MyObject and match the .id fields and return true.  That also is not having an effect.  If I add a Textbox bound to the Property it is showing the correct information upon return to the page.
I have set the contextMenuStrip to public but I can't see it when I use trayIcon.ContextMenuStrip = mainForm... Any ideas why? Thanks
NullPointerException makes me believe this is not a C++ question at all.  C?
tinkertim
I'm assuming the bad decision was to store blobs. Correct?
I used this for setting up debugger: http:dev.eclipse.orgmhonarclistsve-devmsg00092.html
the came up on the emilator saying javax.microedition.icdui.datefield1cb37664
Then use a long. And if your array's too big for a long, you've got more serious problems than unsigned :-)
Seems to work great. Thanks again.
Sorry, but using exceptions for flow control is not a good idea.  Otherwise, good answer.
yeah i tried this but they still wrap. Not sure if I made all of the divs that contain tables to be inline though so will have a quick go at this and see if it helps.
the suggested troubleshooting tactic won't work for me because the feeds.dat file is larger than 12 MB. It has been accumulating for more than 2 years.
or, simply invoke MessageBoxA(NULL, Hello, Note, MBOK);
I suggest you read up on delegates then (and generics, potentially). My article on delegates and evvents is at http:pobox.com~skeetcsharpevents.html
Any benchmarks or the like of the Tomcat SSL thing? That may, in fact, be something to consider. I'm not sure the volume will make it a priority but if our performance starts to hurt too bad, that might be a tipping point.
Alas I'm on postgres so I don't think that can apply to me. Thanks anyhow!
Could you post some compilable code that illustrates what you mean?
Can someone explain (beginner here) why everyone is saying don't write your own?  I don't think the op is writing his own?  I thought he was just asking which if the crypto secure method is as fast as Random.Next?
Two more links, for someone interested in implementing this, also from Hallvard: http:hallvards.blogspot.com200606simple-interface-rtti.html and http:hallvards.blogspot.com200608extended-interface-rtti.html
Yes, i provided a wrong example. Even with using the named parameter or the positional parameter, i still get the same result. Corrected the sample now, thanks!
Frans : I have nothing against postgresql but that was not in the question asked.
yes, I just ran it on a core 2 duo 1.83GHz with vista and latest java and the balls are hitting each other now. pretty cool simulation I must say
Then the whole idea of framework is going dooown :)
Thank you! The solution is beautiful.
we use subversion as source control management and tortoise as client.
(continue) even if we explicitly assign type as applicationx-shockwave-flash, IE will smartly do the player switch. Not sure whether it is IE or something else so smart! :-)
Please include more information in your question.  What web server are you using?  What are the requirements?  SSL? etc.
This purely for the sure fire security then? Because it look like there are even more performance draw backs then I thought.
With a single machine you may still see 2nd level cache problems if you have multiple SessionFactory objects created.  Each session factory is independent and acts like they are on separate physical systems.  You may have multiple ones if you have different web apps or if your code creates them.
How does the sorted-set know to sort by prio in the (prio, value) pair?
Some people may not have a huge command of the english language. English is a little ambiguous, and for non-native speakers, it's easy to sound demanding.
Ohh..  you want to load files that are on the server.
What do you mean with standard means?
We already use a java logging framework, but some eclipse feature redirects this to syslog when no stdouterr are not connected to a terminal. 
Run `find svn -type d -print  sort` and update us with the structure (censoring names if you need to)
Nosredna - Funny that you should make that comparison as IBM is one of the largest corporate supporters of open source.
Can you post the <Reference> section for the Log4Net dll from your .csproj file?
What do you mean with Collection?
Careful, over engineering is worse than code duplication
I added another sentence on how to turn off the debugger dialog, but my testing shows it doesn't pop up if you SetErrorMode(3). If that is what you are seeing, I can't explain why it pops up for you.
Missing the function name btw :)
is there any way to detect the buffer size or is there any safe size?
I think you'll have to create a new one:
Still, that's just one link from one answer to one of the SO questions. I see value in a question focused on C developers. It is something I would ask a functional programmer who used to do C if I knew one, so it seems reasonable to ask it on SO. But I respect your right to your opinion as well.
Delphi was the language that anders designed before C. C, not suprisingly, takes a lot of the lessons learned from Delphi and improves on them.
Paste the code you're using to update the title. Ident using 4 spaces for autoformat.
You may want to ask this on the Hibernate forums and post the answer back here.
I think that this should have something about SQL Server in the title and be more specific of a question title.
gpojd-- just making it a sport..nothing serious..having fun with it
Yeah, I wouldn't recommend a SELECT like that.  But you said you couldn't change the database structure--sometimes there's no other choice.
Jessy: the intersection of the lines (i.e. the vertices) are the points you require.
I learned this the hard way a few years ago, it's a very annoying bug that won't get fixed
Infact, i tried feeding the array i got from VC++ application (in txt file) to my C.NET application. This failed too :-(
What error? What exactly is not working?
I got that from here: http:guides.rubyonrails.orgcachingwithrails.html
I'm not at all familiar with Ruby, but this isn't a long module at all. If you really wanted to pull the code out to separate classes, I would subclass the Gtk objects that you're creating, and move the addxxx logic to the xxx constructor, where xxx inherits from Gtk::xxx.
Read this http:msdn.microsoft.comen-uslibrary74x8f551.aspx
You might want to re-write your method that parses the IP address, if you can.  By placing them in a table in sequential order like that breaks relational database design rules.  Since each octet is related to each other, you should return them as a single row with four columns.
Close... how about now ? :)
the KeyDown event doesn't fire when I press a key down (odd), PreviewKeyDown works though
Are you trying to update the items in each combo box because they changed since the form openned?
Sorry. Hadn't had a good look at the database. Seems like sometimes an nchar(5) is used as primary key datatype. In these cases the id is a string.
To OP mentioned this is something that will happen over and over and over in quick succession, therefore compiled is the correct choice.
The data is important, too.  To be a truly 'open source service' they need to provide access to any database required to run the code.  Otherwise you could still be in trouble.
Interesting results. What do you mean by 1 mo? How many lines is that? I'd be curious to know what size files Andy Walker is dealing with.
well, referencewrapper weighs exactly as much as a pointer. I thought this much was obvious.
This is a big, vague, question, depending quite a lot on what the standalone application needs to do.
Applaud LFSR more work than I was willing to commit!
Which line takes long time to execute?
Look, just as I said, what if this page is visited by web-crawler. It will just issue GET to every link on the page. If you are OK with it, then I am too.
This is the best one yet.
ToString().Length() is around 35x slower than the ifreturn way, in my tests.
Agree with Josh here. Something is only thread-safe if it can be proven mathematically through an analysis of the underlying code. No amount of testing can begin to approach that.
hmm seemed to work in terms of getting rid of the errors.  Now just wondering a couple more things
I really wish people would post a comment when they vote to close...
What does load to another application mean?  Why didn't you copy the .NET DLL?
QualifiedName is going to have versioning issues, if I upgrade my assembly later down the line I'm going to have to worry about handling it in my persistence layer or shipping publisher policies
Then the requirement is ignoring the very nature of xml...
Just in theory, or can you point out any existing codeexamples where people have done this?
(Edited to add the CEDET page link). I'm not sure I disagree with Jared, but I'd have to try it. The you need to create refactory tool yourself bit looks kinda omnious though...
Yes, the OP would probably be better off with a Stopwatch.
Why can't you merge them into 1 solution?
sorry about that. I'm glad ScarletGarden could help you, though.
Just to note: The LinqLambda solution will be much less performant than a simple loop with fixed increment.
Where does the error occur?  On the client side (i.e. in the browser) or server side (in your cgi application?)
How are you determining that the string is empty on the C++ side?
I have chosen SmartGwt for my project, could you maybe give some reasons why you have chosen ext-gwt over SmartGWT?
Your name is Blake Taylor and you're answering a question about the NCAA basketball tournament? That's quite a coincidence, unless it's not. :)
Also do I have to import xml.dom first?
Josh, you can always put this code in your own answer. That way it's more visible and can be voted on and marked as the answer.
Can someone prove that the two-pass sorting works in every case that step 2 can produce?
Thx for keeping the post updated after the discussion in the comments.
gs: good point, it is a bit more work, but it is still O(1).
Aaron, your reply so excellent, my last question, why do you say multi-core CPU solves the issue of CPU status synchornizationwait for RAM issues? I think if code logics are of the same, the synchronization and wait for RAM issue still exist. Any comments?
why does SchoolClass hold a string field of a single StudentName, or was this an example ? Does the class Students already exists ? how are multiple students stored now in the SchoolClass class hierarchy?
ybo,done your question is accepted!
Although short, this code has O(N ) performance. For each item in L, a full count of that item in L will be needed. Also only in 2.6
Any particular reason my solution was downvoted?  Did it not work or solve the problem?  I thought downvoting was for unhelpful answers.
In Java's FileInputStream (which FileReader is based on), you cannot set the position; you can only skip forward, which probably does not read the parts you skip, but is still a one-way operation and thus not suited to looking for a linebreak at an unknown offset from the end.
But that events fires only when the GridView is being binded, no ? not when a user clicks a row
PS - I got my origional code from here - Libraries from jQuery.com
Seb, don't underestimate kids by any means. :)
Ah, I missed that because I only read the online help(). Thanks.
thank you for the answer. i forgot to mention that i'm pretty new to .NET. I read the manual and tried to figure out how to deserialize my data structure. But for now i'm more confused than before reading the manual.
I find reading code is much easier on paper than a screen.  Also, I tend to work with multiple files open side by side, and it works much better when the lines are kept short.
Like a poor man's CountDownLatch?
MetroidFan2002: Section 15.18.1.2 from your link above: An implementation may choose to perform conversion and concatenation in one step to avoid creating and then discarding an intermediate String object. (continued...)
i figured out the problem - and I am no longer reloading every 2 seconds :)
+1 for making the point so entertainingly
derobert: I don't think so. x =  delete : 1, for : 2, function : 3; -- this is valid and can be accessed in the same way.
I find it is pretty seamless doing it this way.  Vim macros are your friend ;).
Yeah, me too, but I focused on the symbolic, which Are there constants in JS does not have.
The edit was certainly after my answer - and I'd like to point out that I got a downvote too. This answer is on +4 -1 at the time of this writing.
You can not, should not, must not assume that something put in tmp will remain there forever; at the same time, you should not assume that it will magically go away.
Even my little tiny one. xacc.ide does that!
vartec: Yes, you are right. But I feel that doesn't make anything in the assumption false. By that point, I meant to say that no node in the graph is unconnected. As in all students form part of the single connected graph. Let me know if I am missing something.
I find wiki also too much. Particulary too much to keep it up to date.
Bullet point's list is a good candidate for the teamdepartment internal blog.
Voted to close as subjectiveargumentative as the OP offered no actual reasoning behind his flames.
ok, thanks. let it be as is
+1, Chris: I've been working on shrink-wrap and web apps since, oh, 1998 and never once have I needed to change out DBMS products (with the exception of supporting Sybase ASE and SQL Server, which is pretty easy to do)
Thanks very much for the reply. I have been working on this since posting and have implemented the same actions to what you have suggested.  Appreciate you answering it is a long post.
How do I do this? I used Rebuild, is that enough?
I would definitely rather be using ASP.MVC, but unfortunately this is legacy code that isn't going anywhere today.
David is absolutely right, that it's a CE 3.5 feature. At this point, though, the performance boosts, bug fixes, and feature enhancements make it absolutely necessary to upgrade. Just make sure to handle upgrading old databases in the wild!
I recommend that you do not start off using ASMX web services. They have little future left in them. Start off with WCF instead.
Yes, very insightful!
I don't have it handy, so I'll reflect on Lego: There is only one destination, though. Limiting the choices available helps the child make one thing. It's only limited by the builder's intention and materially, by the manufacturer's marketing for that intention.
It'll only fire the compile-time assertion.  Then it's time to reexamine: why did the size change?  Does the addedchanged member need a 'manual copy' addition?  This technique has proved quite useful at my job; even though it sometimes triggers falsely.
I've used MAMP, but I'd rather install them separately
In addition to these answers: Mastering regular expressions is an excellent resource! http:oreilly.comcatalog9780596528126
Perhaps, but for the sake of this discussion can we assume:
I tried anonymous and restarted iis. still same error. thx
i used it to parse xml to array and editted the array. how will i change the array to xml?
to remove those parts. I've no problem with you doing it, as long as you're not claiming that some common conscious of SO supports you.
I was hoping I wouldn't have to do it this way, and that I was merely lacking in my Apache configuration know how :-
So many people disagreeing with Jon, is that even possible? I mean you almost wrote the book on C.
An abstract class can't be usefully used unless it's been completed and instantiated. The setup above doesn't have to be done specifically in a constructor, as long as it's called somewhere before the variable is going to be used.
I don't care about typing additional symbols in variablefunctionclass.. name, but I'm trying to avoid duplications.
This question could really have used a better title.
Why? What's the difference? Typing a class name twice is just as much duplication as typing begin() twice, isn't it?
Yes, you can always dereference if you cast into another type, but you can't do the same if you don't cast. In short, the compiler won't know what assembly instructions to use for math operations until you cast it.
Ali A, sorry, I didn't get your point.
Ah, well thought out, that man! :)
The source might not be available.  It sounds like this is a third party program, and the trace is a .pyc.  If you have a mnemosynecoremnemosynecore.py file, try posting some of that here.
do you need to delete the zip?
George: binary reference was a typo, which was fixed in edit. Ment to say it was a reference to binary data. ;) I would suggest looking at http:www.xml.compuba20030226binaryxml.html For an historic read on xml and binary, I would suggest: http:www.xml.compuba9807binarybinary.html
Thanks for this link, will try it out!
And yet, that is a decision made by the OP. I presented a solution on the basis of the OP's existing setup. It is apparent from the question that the SelectedItem.Text property is being used, not the Value property.
It's so awesome, it could be the answer to any question.
Although I sympathize in principle here, in the business world, I wouldn't say that C 2.0 (for example) is exactly an old technology.  If they were writing new software in COBOL I might agree.
That was what I was looking for! Thank you very much. =)
Who has a file checked out...man that's one of the things that I hate the most...thanks for your comments! =)
Will this work for Visual C++ projects? I've never used MSBuild before, so I don't really know any details about it...
I'm accepting this answer because after evaluating OmniGraffle, I think I am going to use it.  I have not evaluated anything else, so, all I'm saying is that OmniGraffle will meet my needs.  Thanks!
 WTF? first and last row from a column, not first and last column from the row.
sorry to be a pain in the  but can you tell me how cand i find out the user the subversion server is using ... is it simple svn ?
Are the inner usings actually needed, or is the one for 'connection' good enough?
Damn, I haven't realized gcc defaults to c99 now. I've been using g++ for too long.
It's what mine uses as well. For your string value, try and write it as html. <p><b><center>Report Title<center><b>...
Any proof this is a real bug?  Is it reported, along with repro steps?
That.... is very interesting.  Anyone have a good link for a primer on these Expression Trees?
The previous versions are on the publish folder? have you a clickOnce key lost?
Sorry, I was writing the answer while you were doing the duplicate edit. I knew it was in the registry, but took a couple of minutes to find the entry.
You haven't provided some vital necessary information: a complete XML doc, no generalizations, please,; What is the node represented by pattern? Maybe it is not the top node of the doc. Finally, what is collectionname? Can you just give an example with fixed values (stop in the debugger!).
(ObNote: 1.6.013 a.k.a. 6u13 is the only current version of the Sun Java SE 6 JRE that is up to date with security fixes. 6u14 coming soon, but that should not have any further secuirty fixes (probably).)
+1 for matching braces. It just makes things so much clearer, so why wouldn't you?
You should use the character encoding required by the interface under which you are working.
You may want to post the code, we cannot troubleshoot what we cannot see. But it's likely that you are behind a router, and will need to forward the ports your program uses to your computer.
Why would that be better than just using Encoding.GetEncoding(iso-8859-1).GetString(...) in the first place? The point is that the OP doesn't know what the encoding is.
no its not a homework.. i faced this question in an interview and thought of asking it here
me too. I've sent the logs, hopefully we'll get an update on progress, or a fix. cheers.
I agree that the developer shouldn't be bothered with a database move, but the DBA where I'm at is terrified of SQL and SQL servers. Take a second to let that statement sink in. I wish I was actually joking.
Good points.  I don't know of anything else you can try, sorry.  For my own knowledge, since I'm far from an expert on floating point, is there any particular reason that using fetestexcept to check for exceptions after the fact won't work?
I agree, just trying to the how bad it is after the login part is made secure.
Thanks so much for your help.
JeeBee The swamp of legacy systems in enterprises can be enough to make grown men weep, even a full team of them. I'm not advocating the solution, but what if that's the only way you manage to stay halfway consistent ?
What type of information do you want to track?  WHo changed things?  or are you looking for view tracking as well?
So, are you claiming that when both cast and as succeed (i.e. return a non-null reference) that as is significantly faster?
thanks but how do i handle it?
Re that article - I lean away from returning IEnumerable<T>IQueryable<T> from repo methods, as it means you can't unitintegration test it properly. If I call a DAL method, I want it to do its job and step away... YMMV, however.
There is a rxvt-unicode package in the Cygwin repository, but it requires an X server, which I would prefer to avoid.
Eran - while useful, it makes it impossible to test caller and callee in isolation, and impossible to profile  optimize.
BTW this is why it is usually a waste to have the PK as the clustered index when sometimes you have better candidates (for example dates that might be used in range quereis).
Which version of MSVC are you using.  It works fine in 2008.
Jack M. -- Strawberry Perl is the new official perl for Windows.  The operating system is therefore implicit in my question for (I presume) anyone who would know the answer.
When I try this code I get the following errors:
Thanks, Mehrdad. Turns out that GoDaddy defaults IIS 7 to classic mode.
user.friends would be Sally and Bob.
There is an option for newer versions of Ext4 that turns on something like Ext3's data=ordered option: http:thread.gmane.orggmane.comp.file-systems.ext412179
The maximum is specified by the user, for this case, let's say 500k
that's not exactly the same. Using a test case, for my descend I get 1338 steps, for the ascend with this I get 1557, but I guess that's close enough
You probably haven't connected the IBOutlet to the ViewController reference in IB. Check the image is in the Resources folder.
But jpot (below) has the understanding that setting the style to 0 does not give black on FF, so it shouldn't be used.
Interesting that CVB makes this so much easier...
I was composing an answer when yours came in; I threw my out and upvoted yours instead.
OneShot, Using readVector and writeVector, you're savingrestoring a vector size as well as three structure instances.  You can write 100 vectors of 100 elements each and read them back in order, then save them again.  This is inefficient, but works for small programs.  (Hopefully you're not
It could pose a risk in some scenarios but not in others.  For example I would feel safe doing this myself if complete unit tests were in place covering each and every use case for the regular expression.  Without those tests, it would be scary for sure!
At this point Perl can parse just about anything with its regexes (they are now Turing Machine compatible), but they are not the best language for parsing complex structures.  Parse::RecDescent is much better.
It does: this is the -print flag of your find command.
right, i mean to say maintain :p
Retaining symbols is not a problem with debug info and optimizations turned on, but a function may be inlined at one place, and not at the other.
Try this: class A(object): def iter(self): return iter([1,2,3]) def next(self): yield 7
So that means, when I use CAST, which is non-determistic can be determistic, say when I do, say,  cast(field as int)?
Luke, there's nothing wrong - the code is acting as documented. Keep in mind this is what I tend to do (as the question asked) - I'm not saying you should do it or even that it's right. You need to make up your own mind how you code. If you don't like my style, steer clear of my code :-)
Well, I don't ask him for his ideas, he's just stupid enough to blab them to anyone and everything because he's convinced this idea is amazing and will revolutionize the world (his exact words).
Johannes: You should write that as an answer, it deserves some vote.
You need ( + elementId) in jquery.
Your message is difficult to read.
May be there are image.Width and image.Height properties, but I don't know. I just inferred the code from the qustion.
Yes, just took a few minutes longer to work out the logic.
BTW, please clarify what you mean, a self project.
I'm interested into this one as well.
Thanks, the QSA flag is what I was looking for :-)
It does in his example.
GoatRider: RIGHT! The Rubbler Duckling Effect :-)
Eddie: Placeholders for what? exactly? Numbers, Values, Symbols ?
You mean if the method can do stuff with the other properties on the anonymous type? I doubt so too...
printed and actuall values are not the same, but given the input of 1 converted to double (IEEE 754) it will be exactly 1.00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
There are several good learning languages, and I personally dislike Basic.  I'd suggest Python to learn the simple stuff with.
Yup, that's how I'm calling it.
Agreed, it's probably not the safest thing to do. I was just trying to get the ball rolling on the kinds of responses I was looking for.
Michael Meadows: That's not what http:msdn.microsoft.comen-uslibraryms173152(VS.80).aspx says about polymorphism.
I don't know what kind of projects you work on, but dumping 30 engineers onto a year-long project that hasn't been through an analysis stage is completely irresponsible--an utter waste of time.  2 people on a 3 month project--fine.  Somewhere in between there is a transition :)
For me, He is looking a way for doing the query's more readable
That's a good question I suppose... I would consider that if A matches B on name, city & state; and C matches A on address, city and state that each of these records should be displayed only a single time such that all 3 are considered duplicate.
Please, to avoid unexpected errors, do add pregquote around the splitpoint in the regex example.
I tried iterating over all of log4net.LogManager.GetCurrentLoggers() with 1, and that doesn't do anything either.  And I still think 2 looks like it should be global.
I've added some stuff to post
Hey that works! Thanks a lot. Now I can avoid around 100 extra windows per coding session. Also, when I hit F5 VS resizes my IE window. Do you know how can I avoid that?
No, it isn't.  All of the tmp references in AoA point to the same array, this is a bad thing.  See example here: http:codepad.orgKEvNAyzh
Excellent answer! Reformatted your stylesheet to enhance readability.
AaronSieb - when writing web-apps, you must always assume the data is oldrottenhazardous, not only in this case
This happens in the argument list of a method call, for example, in ASP.Net MVC for the object routeValues parameter of Action Link.
The question you've answered is not the one Cullen asked.
Much better than the (current) higher rated answer. I wonder if ignore the latter should actually be don't change any state since other behaviour, such as a 'success' message, should still occur?
Mitch, I don't think that was the point. I think it was to cut down on table size.
And then instancevariableget and set are actually setting up new instance variables in the class based on those symbols, name and sugarcontent. Oooooh. So you've got your getters and setters and all instance variables dynamically. Woohoo! I learned something today! Cool stuff!
As I know, using SERVER['PHPSELF'] is an absolute risk. http:is.gdqPcb
What exactly do you mean by produce a website in LaTeX? If you are using some sort of LaTeX to HTML translator, which one, and have you looked at its documentation?
like the updated code above.
You appear to bea sking for a way of checking that any pointer (because p + i could have any value) is valid - there is no way of doing this. However, this is not an issue in  properly written code,
I have updated the sample XML also.
Not all implementations would want 0 to be evaluated as empty. And if he wanted that, couldn't he just as well use the if(x) comparison i.e. If(!trim(str))?
You could find a  sum  tag or build one yourself.
Hrm try your ssh logs then which on a unixlinux system would be in varlog
Google seems to behave not as I expected.  It worked as of four months ago... something changed.
Depending on how the experiments go I may just do it as an image! Sounds odd but as its for a big display boardscreen I think I can get away with a loss of accessibility
Your comment is clearly of no service to my question. Whether you like the way I write, or not, is not the subject at hand here..wouldnt you agree? Besides, I write like this all the time... Am i to think you are being discriminitive against my writting style? I certain follow stackflow etiquitte...
You must've been typing that as I was editing my own respose, lc! +1!
Which version of Django are you using?
Does that really have anything to do with closures? I think it's just ordinary scope resolution: find has no goal identifier of its own, so it resolves to the one in the enclosing scope. Closures would only apply if find were called indirectly after findSequence had already returned.
Good point.  Let me fix that.
In two of the benchmarks it's slower, in others it's faster. It depends on what is being serialized and anyways 1.4.2 is ancient, so you should benchmark it with your own application and environment to see if it suits you.
Thanks, I was reading value from xml, and I had used convenience property and that was autorelease, I did copy and it started working.
I did say for the NON-Databound cells in the title
Thanks Calvin, but I'm not using XSL, and there are actually more elements underneath B which I don't want to select. I'll update my example to be clearer.
Great advice whatever the platform.
yeah, i havent found a way to check for user-defined type initialization. thanks for the help.
Yeah, that might be bad.  Try adding paths to where your components live (presumably starting with the current one reported, since that'll tell you whether it works in principle).
And who says it isn't invalid data? The first step is to make sure not to put bad data into your database ever. If you want to check if something is approaching a limit that has nothing to do with data validation but is just like any other query or proc you want to run.
The select command does work but it is too slow for my DataSet, so instead I used a data view (The default). If you sort on whatever columns you're searching on the query takes a fraction of the time as with the Select method.
Very cool, thanks for sharing.
That does it!  Perfect.  I had tried the MIN() function before, but had the syntax wrong.
... Linux systems and it didn't work, simply because they don't exist on HP-UX.
That helped, but my export to pdf is still giving a blank page, though the print layout is not showing any blank pages.
The MSAjax addons are in the same scope as XmlHttpRequest. Use a decent tool to inspect the DOM and it's right there. You can't really have that one both ways.
I don't really worry too much about the possibility of someone who doesn't understand the basics of Jet SQL's concatenation operators messing things up. They could just as easily mess up a UDF created for the same purpose simply because they don't understand how it works.
I was going to suggest something similar, but this is funnier.  It's also important to set the year to 1988.
Agreed.  It's worth every penny.
I will just be editing one, unique record in form view. Isnt the grid supposed to be a list view for multipel records
seconded - the whole point of XML is that things like this are non-issues
Have you never worked with C? There is no better (typesafe) way to do this sort of thing in C-land.
I think Array.length is the way it is because someone originally wanted to highlight that arrays aren't objects (unless encapsulated of course). Other than that I agree, File.mkdir(); anyone? :)
Amended, see the last point.
I cannot do this, because I have no control over the actual assignment of the text to the control, as it is part of a more complex, composite control. That is why I tried to embed this logic in the FormatString.
SO weird. I was trying to debug the site using the IE Developer Toolbar (http:www.microsoft.comdownloadsdetails.aspx?familyid=e59c3964-672d-4511-bb3e-2d5e1db91038&displaylang=en). Whenever I open the site with the toolbar open the carousel shows properly, and when it is closed it is messed up.
Yes, you're right. I was wondering if any of them loaded even local DTDs. Good reference on why DTDs are a bad idea, though.
Sorry, I meant second. Couldn't even find the first. I'm doing something like http:www.apnilife.comE-BooksapnilifeWindows20ProgrammingapnilifeWindows20NT20Undocumented20APIs199620Ch08apnilife.pdf.
AFAICT, if it's as one of his first projects it's not a rendering engine - it seems to be based on the WebBrowser control. The WebBrowser control is just a wrapper around whatever version of IE the user has installed on Windows.
The main reason for dynamically allocating something is of you don't know how many of the items you have until runtime, or what their actual types will be.
maybe you nead to add slashes ^..
As varchar because I need the weekname itself for some reasons
i am currently looking into this but since my school is forcing us to use alienbrain so we learn how to use it is a bit more tricky than a svn update and export.
MySQL knows and has whatever it needs to know whether its AM or PM. May be you can configure your client to show that, or use some other client. Or I am afraid if you need to expand that column a bit to make that visible.
+1 for genius parsing of the question :)
so SeqI is my datatype, so as parametr to my function I need the address of my sweepEvents list also?
Charlie, I may sound a little nieve on this one, but what makes an expression regular?
jholloway7: Thanks, mentioned that help page and linked to the text-objects vim docs. Masi: Not sure, daw will delete the brackets+contents, the closest command I can think of is `xf)x` (delete bracket, jump to next ) and delete again)
Thanks for this I'll give it a try.
I am asking how to change the selected item in a data bound control (datagridviewlistview...). I can use the control's properties (such as SelectedRow in dataGridView), or I can use CurrentItem and Position properties. I am asking what is better?
And a question : if you want a date to be initialized on 111, do you  omit this value because it's unnecessary, and do you seriousliy think this would be a good idea?
I meant an example
That's true, but at compile time, all it knows is the constraint: T is a Control, so it binds to the method that takes a Control. This is different from C++ templates which are instantiated before compilation.
+1 You are probably right, but if so then he should really specify more in the question instead of leaving it so generic. You should to look up what the tags mean in order to understand the question.
True that. :) I was about to post the WinForm parent container answer myself when I realized there were answers across a variety of UI technologies. :)
I haven't looked at it in detail, maybe it would work?  Can you point me to a code sample somewhere?
if you ever have to remove this column, then everyone will talk about removing sex from our schema :-)
Indeed it does help! Thank you!
I don't know the engine they are using on the server. My machine has MacTex and it is able to compile it.
Re the self issued certificate - AD can issue your machine one. It will be automatically trusted by any other machine in the domain.
The thing is, no matter how you couple to stored procedures, you're still coupled to implementation details. I suggest you not do that.
Indeed, securely distributing your own certificate is one way to skin the cat, but a much easier one is to go to any one of a number of so-called open CAs. CACert.org is my favorite. So long as you trust the steps they take to safeguard their cert issuance, then importing their root cert is safe.
Thanks, MKDev.  We're building a UI prototype now and will run it by our test group.
Is this because you want to optimise bandwidth usage? or is this a performance issue? If it's the former, then the best thing to do is try them all and see how they look. If it's the latter, you may find that sending the packets as is would be faster than the compress->send->decompress routine.
RegisterinvalidMethod.action returns a 500 error, not a 404. java.lang.NoSuchMethodException:Register.invalidMethod()
I tried Google, but I could not find an overview.
1800 INFORMATION: On the other hand, the domain [-2^30+1, 2^30-1] is contiguous which is more appealing from a mathematical point of view.
Brilliant Erik. Thank you. This is exactly the kind of response I was looking for. Hopefully there will be some Zend-Framework fanboy who will give me some nice counters. I like a balanced view. I appreciate your answer. (So far ASP.Net MVC seems to be winning. I am sure ScottGu will be happy)
It makes sense when you mix in order by; Question doesn't mention not to use order by, just not where and cursors
Just making sure I understand: you want to roll on date and size? or just date?
Thanks!  Edited my answer accordingly.
Are you adding your user control dynamically to the page?
It assume that the external dll is already resolved before you have the chance to change the working folder. I couldn't find any documentation when this resolution happens but it might be at the time the assembly is jitted?
Should be the Opened event. http:msdn.microsoft.comen-uslibrarysystem.windows.controls.contextmenu.opened.aspx
yes, php is enabled, I have been using it for a while, just never with any 'OO' php stuff before
do you mean use the existing create ... I looked through the routing section...I wasn't clear what I should be looking for.  Thanks.
As soon as I read even just the first part of your answer, I could see that it was right. Now I feel stupid for not seeing this as it is pretty obvious to see once someone explains it. Either way thank you, you have saved me lots of time and frustration.
Maybe you should solve your own homework assignments?
+1. This is why famous InitializeComponent appeared. You should spit construction and initialization logic. Make your Initialize let's say protected virtual and override it in the derived classes. You'll be able to decide whether base.InitializeComponent call should go first or last.
I've done this before -- both ways (ASE to SQL Server and vice versa). Works like a charm
Well, the answer is the same (for StoreGeneratedPattern). You can set StoreGeneratedPattern in the XML and it will work fine, but the GUI designer will blow it away when you update. The Entity Framework has features that the GUI designer doesn't completely support yet.
Ahh... never thought of that. The printer in question is on a print server, but user can print to it with other apps ok. What could cause VB6 to get Access denied when trying to Set Printer = x? Does setting the Printer object require having some config rights to the target printer or something?
I think something is going wrong with the VE3D's API...it crashes when VE3D almost finishes loading although I have a form that still works...
Nevermind, good now
The query will always try to match all columns - basically trying to prevent duplicate registrations.
Thanks for the info :). Down vote is a little harsh, though maybe this should have been a comment.
True, but the OP was asking about ordinal dates.  Since YAGNI, it would be better to choose the shorter, more elegant solution that meets his needs, even if it's not generalizable.  If someone wants a generalized solution, your's is good, though I'd probably use a list rather than the elseifs.
<grammar nazi>I only have one piece of advice for you not There is only one advice. Do you ever have more than one advices?<grammar nazi>
saua - I was hoping to be able to just highlight the classname and run that
The only problem with supplying operator<<() is that it kind of implies operator>>() exists, which in this case it probably doesn't. I prefer a named DumpOn( ostream & os ) function.
but +1 for coming back and posting the solution almost 2 months later
God, that's terribly simple. I can't believe I didn't think of that... Thanks.
Wow!  Thank you very much.
document.addEventListener('load',foo,false); ain't it work?
Does make work if you type it in a console?
Neil - Honestly, how often do you find a type for which sizeof() returns something that would overflow even an unsigned char? On my system, even a FILE struct is only 88 bytes.
Please do post your code, I'd also like to see this :)
It might be safer to do away with the configure method altogether if you want the code to be executed once only (barring any class loader tricks). It's also worthwhile noting that this approach is threadsafe.
...and if your filesystem is FAT32 then your files will be 4 GB or smaller anyway. :)
Then I will have to take a look inside OSG... I certainly don't want to embed the whole library for this functionality... thanks!
Well if your a really good programmer, you might consider joining the mono project and contributing to the library you want. Thats the best part about open source, if you don't like the way it works...change it!
That would be `NameError: global name 'value' is not defined`
[wbgriffin]: split it into 2 subqueries, or post the real thing; can't answer questions accurately using incompletemisleading examples ;-)
I know, but I'd like to know where to see if I can understand why. Do you have a reference into the standard?
You missed a critical point about OCaml: it has (purely) functional object update and, consequently, supports OOP without requiring mutation. So OCaml is a trivial counter-example to Christoph's claim.
As with my comment for phoenix's answer, I don't think I can do it with html.  The <td> tags aren't defined consecutively in the html so I can't really wrap them with a div.
Steve Brouillard: Yes. That's for public members, though. You shouldn't have two public members that are different only in case. It's not CLS compliant.
You don't need the .Close() statement in either sample: it's handled by the .Dispose() call.
Ok, you've convinced me, I'll try your setup once :-)
Oh I forgot to mention my image list created from a bigger texture page using CGImageCreateWithImageInRect.
When broken into multiple workflows, one workflow can actually spawn another workflow. The result of one workflow (such as Datasource) could be passed into another Workflow as an input parameter.
Then maybe it's a good match for a framework that provides simple scaffolding - RoR and its derivates, ASP.NET MVC, etc. They'll give you autoCRUD with little effort. Anything more and you're putting more dev time into it than it will see in user time for maybe years.
That code still doesn't do what he was wanting it to do though, does it? Perhaps I'm wrong, but I got the impression he was hoping to copy the contents of the y array into x.
thanks. Well I'm not sure what Apple does in the Docs, but I hope they're consistent with how they write it. Because sometimes I see that colon, and sometimes not. Althoug in different methods. Good idea to check it in the class reference.
It looks like I found what I need. Thank you!
I am not familiar with this portion of .NET internals.  I thought C:WINDOWSassembly was where assemblies in the GAC lived.  Using Process Explorer, I see that my app has an open handle to mscorlib.ni.dll.  There is an old blog entry at http:blogs.msdn.comjunfengarchive20041111256122.aspx..
Dan: I said, that no run-time checks are made, which is true. (Cast) and staticcast doest not involve RTTI.
Very good to know.
WCF is the new technology for services in .net, so you would get experience in the latest technology.  WCF is also more standards compliant, and can be used with multiple protocols, not just HTTP
It seems that the same command with numbers in chmod is,  chmod -R 755 Unix
Actually, Parse internally uses a StringReader.
I am fairly sure that the underlying CryptoAPI implementation enforces the weak-key restriction, too. So you would have to patch advapi32.dll, too (which I would not recommend).
I have added a further suggestion.
No, if your service sends a proper fault, by filling in the Detail property of the SoapException, then even a .NET 2.0 client will receive a SoapException with the Detail property filled in. Just not a separate exception for each fault.
I believe, that this is the bug and it's related fix: http:dev.jquery.comticket3443
Yep, theres no reason to remove the ~, removing it will only make your application more brittle.
Right, but doing under the hood is going to better than doing it on top of the hood, to continue the analogy.
I have the same problem on several computers. Keyboard changes to English (US) when pressing Shift+Alt+F10. Not always, but sometimes.
See second comment on previous answer - it seems this option allows for multiple JDKs on the master, but not on slavesnodes.
Sorry, what I meant is that I agree with your query in the last comment, and I showed another way of doing the same thing.
This kb article should get you going on Kerberos Delegation.  The delegation allows the second IIS to trust the first.  You will probably also need to do this on your DB server if you are using the User creds for the connection.  http:support.microsoft.comkb810572
apphacker: Could you shortly explain how to sanitize please? I thought it would be enough to use striptags() function in PHP.
But this will not allow me to use datasets or any of the other nice features in 2008
I always like it when there's an option to CC you the message. The one thing that bothers me about contact forms is that it leaves no record in my own email system. (Although a form that CCs any email address can create it's own set of problems.)
Ive tried that, but it seems that apache isn't using modrails when https is used. Even when I specify a virtualhost for 443. Iam completely baffled, and I need this to work.
yeah, it hasn't happened in FF for me either :(
It's a better idea to use a HEAD request instead of a GET to avoid transferring the content of the page.  urllib and curl can do HEAD, although httplib does not, I believe.
I was wondering if this was possible for a few different sets of IP addresses. Have different plots for various sets of dynamics IPs I get around town.
Some good reading there.  One thing that struck me in the lecture notes was the comment that time tends to go exponentially by dimension.  Thus, the kD-tree in 3 dimensions seems wasteful for what is essentially 2 dimensional data.  Otherwise, it sounds nice.
Gustavo: Why don't you just replace var with const, and are happy?
'' is expected if the application is on the root of the domain, what are you expecting? is your application in a folder? the folder needs to be defined as an application for you to get the folder name in the ApplicationPath.
Every dictionary is an instance of the type dict. It can be be build two ways: either using the syntax , or by calling the constructor dict(). Calling a variable (or anything) dict prevents you from building a dictionary by calling dict(), and from testing the type.
brute force might be good for a particular case, how about when it must work for any input which is specified properly within limits?
You will need to modify the Comment table if you want to attach comments to other resources in the future as Jack has stated (ending up with 10-20 FK columns potentially). But I don't know enough about database design and running high volume sites to say if that is actually a problem or not.
PastAwardName is the 1st table - PastAwardType is the 2nd table. I am trying to join on the volID column.
You are a bit OTL on this.  He is not using Select 'A', he is using Select 'A', othercols from Table so he will get as many rows in his result as ther are rows in Table.  I would say that there is a good chance of duplicates
man, i don't see 2 links, i only see link to css scrambling, 
He is not missing ctrl+shift+k, He is missing the behavior.
Thanks! This is exactly what I am looking for!
I don't mind downvotes, but please leave a comment when you do.
This is it ... every property can be accessed from a hash table.
Access will run uncompiled projects but it not a good practive as you found out. In Access development ALWAYS use Option Explicit and ALWAYS compile your project. Good luck fixing this mess.
I like where you're going here but changing the image width to 24 hides the content. Changing the width at all changes which bit of the original image is being shown.
do you think it would offer a performance advantage at 100k+ records?
Thanks OIS, I understand that this is all I need now. However I do not have the knowledge to implement this as I would need to take into account other variables such as pagenum, menu, selected, extension, set, which are used. I wish i could simply alter something in the original code.
tvanfosson: not if it's an internal DNS server... The reverse dns information for the private network space is probably not going to be on any publicly accessible DNS server...
Samuel: I added it from the book itself... adding a link to msdn.
your second question is really a separate issue, cna seems to be reposted here: http:stackoverflow.comquestions423627running-junit-tests-in-parallel
+1; trigger on insert is better than what I was thinking of (add a second INSERT after the main, inserting into said summary table, and catchingignoring UNIQUE constraint violation).
+1. Note that if you really don't want to mention IBase in the list of implemented interfaces, then you could still repeat the functions and procedures of IBase in IDerived that you need to call - without changing IDerived at all.
okay really thanks for reply.
What makes Perforce better than Subversion?
Thank you. Just to share that I need to put all this before dispatching the front controller.
We use OpenCV for developing computer vision software. So I learned by doing. I have actually a book called learning OpenCV. People say it is good. I didn't have time to read it yet... Good luck with your thesis!
I don't understand why your original code didn't work, unless there is something that stops objects from being passed by reference between windows?  Glad I could help anyway.
... since I prefer not to have an ocean of classes which are only used for one specific purpose.
I'll have at least 3 items always.
and yes, I'm adding it to the list
Thank you, so basically, it is not possible to do it with .htaccess?
Yes, it does appear that 'ThreadStart' is the magic word here.  Thanks!
It's a worrying sign when both the domain abstractions and the system abstractions are so conceptual that you can't easily recognize what is being referred to. Good example of the infamous principle Just add another abstraction layer. or One Ring To Rule Them All.
Ok, I got it working now.  Do you know where I can find some more information on how to setup his third point: Add the IPN endpoints to your urls.py to receive callbacks from PayPal. How do you read the information Paypal send back? Thanks agian for all of your help.
I'll explain more tomorrow at the office, but there is a requirement for the control to be self-policing on this front.  The product control is a multi-purpose control used in several places and the web designers need to be able to just plug and play.
this is great.  thanks!
ok that seems to be the problem, so I have to add both read() and pageload.  seems like allot of repeat code!
Reading the link it seems that the poster wants one of the variations of Base32 rather than the RFC standard version.
http:msdn.microsoft.comen-uslibraryms733069.aspx
can't because it's customer-sensitive and very long. what in particular would be valuable to see?
Sometimes you also want to update the DLLs (e.g. when changing Qt version, adding new extension modules dependencies, etc...), I don't want to check manually if everything works each time I make a release.
Thats an interesting idea. I assume you want to check for size rather than use OpenFile() becuase it is more reliable?
as per your edit. That's a good idea that I didn't think of. Will check that out to be sure.
Java is never a single-threaded environment.
thats the answer i was hoping not to get :) thanks
Many thanks, Steve. Awesome.
I've shortened it a bit; there was some redundancy :)
Now that you mention it there is a decent amount of overhead in the TextRange.Save and Load methods. I am actually calling Load twice for each question. So for 1000 questions it is called 2000 times. There is a FlowDocument used for a second for the loading of the richtext however that isn't using up much CPU according to the profiler. I allow the user to open these questions and that is when a window opens with RichTextBoxes that these TextRanges fill up.
I don't expect to get one to just drop in and work, but rather to be non intrusive.
Team System Development Edition with SP1
Oh, by the way, when calling batches from other batches by all maens use call. Otherwise the calling batch file won't run further after the called batch exits. (May or may not be relevant here, just some best practices :-))
Are all the cpp files mentioned in the makefile target? Or, even a .cpp action would do. Just confirm that an obj file corresponding to PlayerFactory is being created and that obj is linked to your main executable.
Java 6 update 13, Ubuntu 8.10 32 Bit, 4Gig ram, Default JVM settings = 6318 Threads.
programming is the verb, last time I checked in order to be a programmer you need a job.
great, glad it helped.  I wish I knew why someone else down-voted it, though :(
Ah, ok. I didn't know I could create two projects and then link them together. Of course that makes sense. How do you create this dependent relationship between them?
No, but I usually find that the sequence from a truss, strace, or ltrace (another option) gives me enough of a clue to find it.  The findgrep I put in a comment would work if all else fails.
Hi -- thanks -- do I need to make changes to the create as well?  I must've done something that tweaked it it's not quite working....thanks
     ! Comment.Length = 10;
http:www.opengroup.orgonlinepubs009695399basedefstime.h.html and lots of other places tell about this.
Read the question thoroughly, he knows how to do what you just posted, he's asking how to send a ByteArray AND extra post vars for the image name, etc, because the common method (the one you have just shown) only allows that one variable when sending binary!
I tried to change the port as i have 
So you can SELECT TIME(startAt), eventname FROM eventlist WHERE startAt >= ? AND startAt < ? ORDER BY startAt ... that'll extract the times for you!
Oops! My initial snippet used delete instead of delete[] for deleting the pixel buffer.
std::transform() is very similar to copy(), with one big difference.  Instead of just making a verbatim copy from one collection to another,  it transforms the vector from one type to another using a conversion function you specify.  for example suppose you have a vector of numbers and want to format up a vector of strings.  you could write a functor which takes an int, uses stringstream << int to format up a string, and copy these values in to a vector<string>
http:www.copyright.govtitle1792chap1.html all you can eat.
Matthew, what I'm trying to say is not necessarily that we should reinvent the wheel every time we need it, just because we need a different size of wheel. If the customer requests a wheel with a radius of 2.51 inches, maybe they can make do with a 2.5 one - especially if there is one ready to be used and production costs will decrease. But as le dorfier pointed out, a proffessional programmer is responsible for his or her code quality and should make sure that the code actually meets the needs.
Can you give a vardump of subcat for the case that subcat is supposed to be null?
On your last point.  How well would windows handle the process of copying eveyrthing in Program Files to a new partition, and then mounting that partition at Program Files?
my send and receive threads rely on sending and listening on UDP socket respectively. from what i can understand, your sample codes seem to inject the thread in the code instantly. i have created a runnable class for them, so will your approach be applicable to such?
It can be.  It depends on what you're doing.  Standard properties provde you more control - auto-properties are just a short-cut to make implementing properties simpler.  If you want to do any validation, logging, etc - standard properties provide the means to do this directly.  However, if you just want to use your property like a field, then auto-properties are great.  Also, as Chris mentioned, you can use different access levels for getset with standard or auto properties.
It only affects new processes started by Explorer (which is where the env change occurred).  Anything already running that launches new processes (Launchy, etc) will launch them with the old environment.
Good call! That's a great article in defense of the properties pattern.
Thanks. Great answer. +1 The main advantage I get from property injection is that I don't need to rewrite existing code and tests whenever I add a dependency to a class. Also having all dependencies in one place instead of having them mixed up in the constructor makes my code more readable. But I can imagine this is a matter of taste :-)
There is no STL container called a hashmap.
This is true, but that's the weird thing: the height 100 is there the entire time, even on other pages, and only this one page seems to put stuff down below the bottom mark. I'm trying to figure out if margins are the cause? I'm almost ruling out a bug in rendering since all browsers seem to behave the same with it...
Another tip: Don't use the technique in this answer, all the negative sides of singletons apply here as well - if you try to eliminate globals, don't go for such disguised globals instead. Having a interface reference in a place you control is just as good as above technique, with the added benefit that the implementing object will actually be destroyed once all references to it are reset, instead of it staying in memory until the app exits. That would be little better than a memory leak.
BTW, toSource() is implemented in IE internally, but nor exposed to outside. Think why?
I'm looking for a PDO equivalent of mysqlnumrows()
That would make sense, I might look at setting that up...
What sort of website? Are you talking about a CMS, or...?
whoops, that should be rsh machine sudo command
The answer depends greatly on the version of Access. If A2007, one answer, any previous version, a completely different answer.
This smells like homework to me.
Ok but I was just worried I'd try and insert URL's over 250 in length, but that is highly unlikely.
It's a simplified set of rules of a Fuzzy Logic Controller for vision-guided robot movement.
According to http:en.wikipedia.orgwikiSortingalgorithm, there are at least six comparison-sorting algorithms with O(n lg n) worst case (which is the theoretical minimum).
It's very dangerous to exposes in public classes of MyUIDLL types from MyUtilityDLL. Just use As Object for param typeretval and save yourselves the troubles with [inref] and other bizzare errors. We are using EditTLB from PowerVB to check for External Dependencies and allow only static libraries there (ADODB, etc) nothing that we build (and might break) can be an external typelib for any other project of ours.
The mousewheel is not firing the commit event. But I've figured out what the problem is. It's the Lenovo Mouse Suite andor drivers. Uninstalled and now everythings fine.
Great answer. This better articulates the points in my post. Well done.
Ok, I included a column like:
Oh, and also, I need to change the content-type to applicationx-www-form-urlencoded as you're sending regular POST params. In my case I was sending XML in the post params field and it mandated that content-type.
Can you specify a maximum number of parameters? If so, just make sure you've got enough Func<...> delegates (writing your own if necessary) and use the code I've written here.
well, thanks, finally some better answer. I will take look into this. However, I'm giving up on anything simpler than free movement (like in modern 3D RTS games).
I believe the distinction is up to you. If you use +, -, ^, &, , <<, >>>, ~ you will find the result is indistinguishable. If you call Long.toHexString(long) it won't print a negative number.
Is the order of execution in the .Select or .ForEach calls always guaranteed to be in order? If not, all these solutions could end up returning data in the wrong order, and some (the foreach) could end up with wrong data as well.
But what if I wanna increment different than the collected values?
Don't forget that different sequences of operations may end up with different things allocated at different times, and different numbers of things allocated, so that the addresses can vary because of that.  If there's any randomization in the game, that could be a factor too - and that's before you get to deliberate load address randomization for shared libraries (provided by the os).
it worked!  you're a genius! :)
I assumed bcp only copies related headers.
I think the biggest change there is that they flipped the default for the switch from ARM (pre-98) to ISO (post-98) rules. You can still get the old behavior (If you really want it - not too hard to fix)
Unfortunately this is not possible. The system does not exit, and the code is built for CLDC 1.0 (Basically a subset of the Java API), which means that there is no way to terminate a thread. It's not part of the API - threads only exit when run() exits.
In my app we do this this way because the different languages have slightly different views. In this example just having an array of languages would be more easy.
Have you checked that this was not caused by the server falling over?
+1, very nice link
i found out whats going on the user is switching IP addresses on a proxy. PHPBB3 doesnt like that. how to circumvent the problem?
System.Drawing is what I was looking for, thank you.
on x86 and similar platforms, (a) requires the same cycles as executes (a+b) at least for selected registers a and b. There are minor differences - e.g. instruction length and, sometimes, pairing, but generally they should run in the same.
Yes that's what I am saying. But if that isn't possible, than what is the IFilter for? I read something about it, but don't know much about it..
Say you're calling an function that returns an integer and in almost all cases, any return value is valid. In this particular case however, the return value must be 1 for whatever reason, and the function you're calling is external or generic enough that it cannot determine that reason. Then the assertion needs to be in the calling function. (cont.)
So I think I understand--It really is in how it is cast.  Please correct me if I'm wrong, but if you have an object that is both Serializable and Remote, Passing it to a remote method that takes a Serializable will have a completely different effect from passing it to a remote method that takes a Remote argument.  This makes sense but feels counter-intuitive since you'd think simply casting wouldn't have such a significant effect.
Yep that's what I was talking about.
Excellent point - in the logs, I find MSI (s) (A0:94) [20:06:59:961]: Skipping action: RunDbUpdateManagerAction (condition is false) - now I only need to understand what exactly that condition is, why it's false, or how to change it........
As you explicitly ask for ZFS I don't quite get why you dismiss this answer. If you want a non file system specific answer you need to rephrase your question.
One assumes a rule that says that quotes come in pairs. After that its less complex.
I assume you know if the dishwasher is currently on or not (if you walk into the kitchen, you'll hear it), and the real problem is knowing which state the dishes are in when the washer is off. It's obvious what state things are in when the washer is on.
Asking for very little RAM hints at an embedded system. So you would be advised to tell us more about the environment, so that you can get answers tailored to your environment.
I don't have the persmission to normalize. Can I do this inside of a subquery?
You do realize that when you're using ANSI 92 SQL, you're no longer using Jet SQL? Actual Jet SQL does not have the IDENTITY keyword at all. Secondly, the Jet documentation is built around the assumption that you'll DAO instead of Jet DDL because DAO fully supports all the possible Jet properties of tables and fields, while Jet DDL does not. Your perspective seems to me to not be that of a native user of Jet, but of someone accustomed to working with other db engines.
Andrew: Because that way the source code of java.lang.System is totally decoupled from the propertykey values the host system has.
C does sound cool.
Thanks for the answer that is what I am looking for thanks.  One question, what does it require ActiveSupport? thanks.
Nice addition. Thanks :)
My comment was less of a question and more of a means to point out that your approach itself it flawed. 1209 can be the 9th of December as well, or the December '09. Why do you think you can fight ambiguity in your SQL when you don't in your user interface?
Thanks for the answer - very good point!
Had a change of heart with this. Whilst most of my views are able to bind directly to my entity model class, I can now see that complex objects are probably best bound to a ViewModel. The latest Herding Code and some posts by K. Scott Allen finally tipped it in favour of doing this. Thanks for mentioning it first Craig!
I would refactor it so that it doesn't produce HTML.  In MVC this is really best left to the View, not controller actions.  HtmlHelpers ought to be operating on data supplied by the controller, not making database queries.  You'll be breaking separation of concerns if you build DB access into your helper.
Do you mean realtime or quickly?  The two are very different.  Realtime implies that you give an answer back for every input without waiting for more input.  This is often slower than batch processing.
You beat me to it :)
Yes it is OK to create your own derived Form class, and use it as a base for creating your other forms.
Good observations about the thinking behind Linq and jQuery =) On the matter of should a==b, in this exact silly case, they should of course be considered equal since they have the same number. But depending on if you used method 2 or 3, the references wouldnt really need to be the same.
It's a pity someone downvoted this and didn't take the trouble to say why. This is an interesting answer and given the subjective nature of the question this answer ins't unhelpful. The downvote really does need some explanation here.
Why? If all he needs is object[], then .Cast<object>() is perfect.
Thanks for the heads up on fonet.
So you're saying the tnsnames.ora is required, and you can't get around it?  Does that mean that the oracle driver install is required too, or will the Microsoft ODBC driver look in the tnsnames.ora file?
I'm using core data and it won't display the text string in a Text View but it will in a text field any idea what to do?
Good advice but I'm already doing it :-) I have a JSONDataProvider that I use to test it all. The work that I would have to throw away is all the work I did for build the myActiveDirectoryDataProvider library.
ahhhh I have Dev Express controls installed. Im removing them now to see if that fixes the problem.
depesz, chas - I agree!  But someone else doesn't because its been voted down a bit ;-(
Yes, if you include PresentationBase (I think, the class is in System.Collections.ObjectModel, but the impl is in PresetationBase); or if you want to get the same functionality make your own ObservableCollection by implementing INotifyCollectionChanged.
I've dumped and checked both values numerous times, and they're always correct.  For example, here's a date from an upcoming event I just pulled from the XML feed: 1243270800, which is GMT: Mon, 25 May 2009 17:00:00 GMT, which is correct.
Can you define does not work?
But... why? I already have a queue, surely there's some dodgy, half-documented, horrendously-complex means of just re-using it rather than creating another one?
j.class would work in Java 6 as well and if it's not then the point is however communicated well. However the instanceof would be better because I think it's deduced at compile time with out a call to a class method. However for the sake of providing a different proposition I'm adding this.
Me neither. Hmm, let's look at it this way:
Don't just concatenate your SQL statements together - that's a BAD BAD BAD practice and opens up your application to SQL injection attacks. Use parametrized queries instead! Simple, fast, secure.
Handles caused me lots of problems when they started disappearing in one of my ASP.Net 2002 projects. The clicks would mysteriously stop working. That and the inline compiler started to act up as well.  Those caused me to stop using VB.Net.
I don't think he wants to wait 6 months for the next Ubuntu release.
Java sound support is so broken... Be thankful you don't have a mac :)
Great question, asked well!
Try to reproduce it locally. See if you can change your client applications to point to a locally running server, rather than remote server debugging.
Yes, you can stop when you find a difference, that's the big advantage of a cmp solution to any cksummd5sumany-checksum solution. For identical files, you have to read the lot (even for cmp).
IMHO, 1st edition K&R was a really well written book. It is slim, succinct, and clear. It explains the language itself well. It is not fluffy with redundant material, and does expect that the reader is paying attention. Later editions suffer some from the complexities introduced by the standards but are still remarkably readable. I'd agree about all editions of Stroustrup, however, with their unreadability increasing dramatically as the edition increases.
+1  Kernighan & Ritchie is a standard text.
Yes, in fact I was :)
i'm using ss 2.0.5
Well, I have never assumed IntelliSence when naming my variables, but why not...
See my answer for a technique that will get you the real type of a nullable variable. (And my technique actually works!)
Vikas
If you would, would you go to https:connect.microsoft.comVisualStudiofeedbackViewFeedback.aspx?FeedbackID=434997, and rate it highly so that we have an improved chance of getting this issue resolved?
Brian, fair enough, and it was borderline as to whether or not to wiki it.  The question was asked after leaving out a semi-colon in a regularly used header in a large build.  It cost me half an hour, hence the visit to SO.  Question edited as per your suggestion.
this would be the last option... thanks for your help!
I've sent a submission off to Microsoft.  We'll see if that gets me anywhere.
If thought E9 is a relative jump so the later 32 bits are just an offset to the current instruction pointer. clearifies the meaning. ^^ I was a bit confused about your AA080000 because it does not match the difference and I wanted to assert that I am right before I add an example.
I'd recommend posting the simplest possible code sample that demonstrates the problem.
followup question: If it's incompatible, can you post a link that says something that suggests quirky behavior. It's not something I, or I imagine someone else would expect.
Well yes, I should have been more pedantic :-)
Yeap!  That's exactly it, thanks.
No -- the Request.Form is not used by the HtmlHelper extension.
0.0.0.0:80 is showing apache.exe - is this fine?
My xampp Application status shows both apache and mysql state 1 start 1 service 1 
Wow some of you are a bunch of whiners. Fix the question so it isn't as S&A and vote to reopen and let nature take its course.
The title of the question is misleading. The default namespace is not blank. It is http:www.aniteps.comxmlschemasawmimages4. What you mean is with no namespace prefix.
Thanks for the really quick and interesting reply! I asked this question partly because I am implementing a small toolkit right now. My implementation relies much on code templates (for boilerplate code and parameters, such as backends, number of iterations ...). I suppose I have to run it on some more libraries to get a feel for the quality, since - as you pointed it out - a general toolkit might not bring out the best performance for each application.
I'd recommend you try loading big plist files on the device (not the simulator) to test the performance.
A slightly more readable version would be:  String.Replace( , string.Empty);  In the end, its the same.
If you use Cake bake, you probably won't need to use scaffolding.  Just make sure to bake the views, which just generates the code that turning on scaffolding implicitly includes.  So if you bake and turn of scaffolding, you can edit the generated code.
I am sorry for misleading you. I read textarea but think input type=text ...... Removed my crappy answer :)
I do not have an equals() method in the card class...  I thought if you have a LinkedList of cards then if you simply call
added some more details to my answer. Let me know if that helps or if you would like some more information.
oh by the way,when  hover over the Properties, I still get the same error: The type or namespace name 'Properties' does not exist in the namespace 'EducationalSuite.Core' (are you missing an assembly reference?)
Works a treat. Thank you.
Just tried the MappingName = GetType().Name thing, but that did not seem to work. Expected it to, as I found in the MSDN description of ListBindingHelper.GetListName() that it returns the type name of the data when listAccessors  is set to null, which would amount to GetType().Name anyway. Stumped for now. Might look into it later. Using a BindingSource and BindingSource.GetListName(null) as TableName seems to continue to work though. So that's fine for now.
+1 A good way to do this in Python 2.
You should also check out the suggestions here, they're very similar: http:stackoverflow.comquestions753986is-there-a-more-pythonic-way-to-build-this-dictionary754154754154
I am interested. Can you see specific parameters to each site, such as the parameters in the reply by Samir Talwar?
That's pretty cool.  From what I can tell, there's no code behind.  It's all GUI with their designer.  Is that only for C++ and Cocoa?
The HTML specs really screwed up form inputs didn't they? :P
hi Manos , what is the difference between Singleton and ResourceSingleton ... I would like to know. Thanks
Turn of phrase... I know they're in TempDB... my point is this is a useful way of doing what he wants for tables with a couple of thousand rows, but not for tables with several million rows...
That one was a typo, sorry for that.
+1: Nice! I actually never noticed that before. I guess I never had to use it.
At first blush, I'd assume you're probably sharing a board among all instances of the simulator, and they're all trying to move pieces around on the same board. That ain't gonna work. Before, they were taking turns.
it is a rich effect.  the div will blind updown similar to blinds on a window.
Okay, so its not too bad.  Still, you're creating a new thread every connection.  This is not good.  Queue these on the ThreadPool, which will manage and reuse threads for you.
One issue with doing it this way is that anyone can change the URL text but it will still go to the correct content. This could lead to duplicate content and be treated poorly by search engines.
chills42: that's dinky.  max 60 bytes per line gives 1.7Mb.
Also the fact that (correct me if I'm wrong), casting creates (or at least can create) another reference value (ie, another spot in memory to hold a reference, which may or may not hold the same reference as the original object). For example, if you created an explicit conversion on your object to IDisposable that returned a reference to a newdifferent object (which would likely be nonsense but is possible), then you would be passing this new reference as your ref parameter, not the original variable.
Sorry, I didn't quite get your point. Did you start application after the configuration? Once you configure the windbg path in gflags, you need to start the application. Application would get started with windbg attached.
Also, it's only something IE displays as far as I know.
I think this fixed the initial issue I was getting. The 2nd error seems to be specific to entity framework. I'll post another question for it.
then you need ...........?
Yes, for the described requirements I think it is appropriate with an additional layer to seperate the structure of the database and the applications use of the data.
Indeed, it's almost always negligible - and it's only incurred at most once per type argument, i.e. if you use Foo<int> and later use Foo<int> again, it'll use the code JITted earlier.
char hextonum[256] =  0  is equivilent to what you have in your array initializer.
-- Well, if I make one tooltip per control it works. It's a workaround, but I'd still like to understand why it doesn't update if you change the DataContext property. Perhaps the tooltip object design was never intended to be used in this way?
Okeydokey.  Edited.
I notice that you're selecting Name, but you're querying on Details - that's not the problem is it?
I'm not sure it's possible, but you can add .orig to your .hgignore file.
Branching would also be the more natural solution for me!
stefan: thanks for the link. Unfortunately it does not tell me how to access the dictionary key or item. It only shows how to create a criteria for Entity properties.
A and B in my previous comment were meant to be two urls but they were converted to links...
interesting, thanks gordan! yeah i figure since FB allowed FBconnect for iphone back in march, i figured it would be ok.
Not when you're booting or shutting down OS X it isn't.
TheTXI...actually i'm asking this behalf of one of the guys in the team.
Please give me more information how to do it,thanks!
No, you just need the one for Action. The closure binds the method arguments, so that the Action never needs to pass them to the method.
The question here is not who legally owns the code, but who needs to maintain and debug a particular part of the codebase. If it is the coworker, I say the code should look the way he likes, even if most of us prefer the other way.
And in fact, you can have generic interfaces: public interface IBase<T> -> public abstract Base<T> : IBase<T> -> public class Derived : Base<Foo>
I may end up doing that if I can't find a cleaner way.
Thanks for your input! It's good to see how other have handled similar situations. In my case, the XML object is a DTO, but I'd rather not maintain a reference to it on my model object. However, storing the DTO and implementing a reset method somewhere is probably how I will end up dealing with this. I'll revisit this question once it's been implemented.
Yeah, I hated giving the answer, too. I spent a while on a wild goose chase, trying to see if I could figure out how to get the information out of ptextvp, before I discovered this.
Depends - you can encrypt your logs, if you're really worried. ;)
It's important to be aware that if you don't use a www (or some other subdomain) then all cookies will be submitted to every subdomain amd you won't be able to have a cookie-less subdomain for serving static content thus reducing the amount of data sent back and forth between the browser and the server. Something you might later come to regret: http:twitter.comcodinghorrorstatuses1637428313
I was just thinking the same thing...
Brian: Thank you! You solved the problem.
Why would this be a meaningless question?  Seems like something that any beginner sql programmer might ask.
Mvc will map that to false no? thus it will appear something has been selected?
Yes, I meant that Camino uses the same rendering engine as Firefox, not that Firefox is a rendering engine.
Esko by fully functioning, do you mean runnable in Java? I thought you wanted pseudocode.
Sam. Fair enough. Thx.
Sorry without your config info, or error logs I can't help.
I ran the exact same queries (EXEC spStat DepartmentID = NULL) right after each other. First the one that took 2 seconds with SSMS. Then (a few seconds later) the one that timed out from .NET. Do you think it might still be related to an incorrectly cached query plan?
Well, an axis-aligned rectangle anyway...
I think the SQL Profiler is your best bet here.. if you dont know where or when the records are being added to the specific table. Find the SP and do a find in the solution.
Yeah, show so more code. Also, compile with all warnings on. If you are using gcc, I suggest using -ansi as well.
Vista comment by Andomar is my exact reaction
It seems 'gem' fails to recognize backslashes in the proxy string, whether by httpproxy env var or --http-proxy argument. e.g. from my Ubuntu box --http-proxy http :domainuseridserver:port gives me the error: invalid argument: --http-proxy ...; Fortunately, my proxy server didn't require the domain specification and gem worked without it.
No it's just that others have suggested returning a List as IEnumerable. While it probably won't happen, the caller of the method CAN cast that to a list whereas if you use the yield, you can't.
if he has an externally defined proc in a simple variable, it's difficult to get it into the new scope created by class<<str1, without resorting to global or instance variables
Thanks! It worked - but why do you need to do it that way?
It's great to hear that it's possible and thanks for the sample HttpWebRequest code. If you have time, could you provide example code (or link) for:
Doesn't work with a script containing multiple batches (GO statements) - see my answer for how to do that.
Thank you. Why does 'register' int make no sense?
No worries. You are welcome. :)
You need to provide more information. What errors are you getting?
Finally found this solution, I was having a similar problem. I suppose it didn't help that hibernate site was currently down.
Well, I'd love to see more about what it is you're working on, and ACTUALLY trying to do.
If you find an answer to be incorrect and you vote it down, please at least give a reason.
Voted to close, as this is a huge open-ended discussion question, and all the specific questions are duplicates.
Interesting question. This seems like a bit of an oversight in the API, in my opinion.
the entire LinkButton class (everything from package to the end)needs  to be placed in an external .as file. you can create this in CS3 by going to File -> New -> ActionScript File.
For which languages? For which debug formats?
What I think might be happening is that the run loop doesn't hit its end after you add the new subview, but before you trigger the animation.  Therefore, it's just placing the view at its final position.  Try moving the animation code to a separate method and trigger that method using performSelector:withObject:afterDelay: with a delay of 0.01 s.  That should let the animation activate after the subview has been added.
What happens with classes that have virtual methods defined in this case?
Google, Amazon, and eBay have all had C++ sites at one time or other.  Amazon and eBay are both using Java now; I can't say anything about Google.
+1 great essay on optimization
I got to see what you meant and updated my example. setFocus() seems to work better with Button instances. You can probably hide the focus shift either by placing the button off stage, or setting focusrect property to false.
Since PEP 8 says 4 spaces, what's the question?
Can you clarify? Do you want an event every time the xy coordinates change when it is hovering over your control?
DanC: Have you tested a for loop to ensure it's definitely faster? I haven't yet, although I will if I get the time...
The libraries that do not implement IDisposable
Can I trash the nib and set the plist Main nib to nil? When I do this, it breaks, cause the prefab AppDelegate is set up to load the main window and view controller nibs.
OK, I get it.
Read the code then!
JQuery is another very good alternative to hand-rolled code.
A word on formatting: thanks for making an attempt to provide only the relevant information, but even those code samples you posted are kind of long. (My guideline: all the important info should fit on a single screen) For future reference, it probably would have been nicer if you posted the code samples externally (like on pastebin or dpaste or whatever) and just included the most important 5-10 lines in the question itself. Also, it really does read easier if you describe your problem in the text of the question, instead of (or in addition to) in comments.
Another possibility is an encoding mismatch, but I'm holding out hope for the easy option.
You might have a problem because the email in the new account will be the same as the old one, if thats not a constrain, then there is a SP that created with the aspnet membership system, that you can use to create the new accounts, and it should be the same thing.
They are living without such notification because a other product offer a more complete lifecycle for activities: ClearQuest. b UCM per se does not rely that much on notification: each view points to a well-defined stream and is able to report (through update if snapshot) if something changed. c triggers are there to fill whatever specific feature you miss.
Are you talking manual testing, or some sort of automated comparison?
Chaining the inheritance would definitely work, but sadly it would defeat the purpose of my mixins.  There are instances (I'm not sure when), where I would want something to just have GlobalMixin or just have DeleteMixin (or have both).  I'll definitely have to look into your other suggestion.  I agree that it's a little ugly, but maybe it can be cleaned to provide the similar functionality in a cleaner package.
Very good catch! +1
Actually, I got what he wanted. Quite weird, but it have some sence. However, there are plenty of simpler algorithmic ways to achieve the same goal... And there would be a big mess with variable names and namespaces, if it should have been implemented for common usage.
I don't know whether to vote this up for extreme cleverness, or vote it down for being the evilest hack ever.   8-)
voting, tags and badges are made on ajax, which supported by jQuery. For WYSIWYG editing you can use this plugin - http:livepipe.netcontroltextarea , looks the same.
This 'definition' does not match what the C standard defines: void memset(void s, int c, sizet n);
Hey - another Erik!
on behalf of my team
Oops, yes. Fixing...
So, does this code work for you or not? Are you just asking how for academic reasons, or because it's not binding for you the way you want?
http:en.wikipedia.orgwikiPower-onself-test
yes, I did. Same problem. I guess I will just need to remove the external process and bits of other things until I narrow down the problem.
Umm... this is just as broken. As soon as you call erase(), the iteration sequence is invalid so any iterator instance that was obtained before modifying the container is invalid. There are a bunch of ways that removing elements can be done but doing it in a for loop like this is one of those things that you shouldn't do.
Thank you for your answer!
There's nothing necessarily bad, but since you want to track these changes I assume you also want to react. A solution could be to add an event mechanism to let other types monitor and react to changes. That would allow you to implement different reactions in different classes.
+1 for the (oft confused) distinction between a hackaer and a cracker
reessfabricant: I gave the example that our defintion of substring is the same.
But why do you use the same expression in more than one rule? Or is this expression just a sub-expression (maybe a prefix) of another expression? Again, an example of such rules would be helpful.
Python already is very productive for web.
Sorry, but i did not find a class Collection<T> in .NET. As far as i know List<T> or Array<T> exists, but that's not exactly what i want. Thanks for your suggestion but i need this to access an existing list implementation in .NET. The list is implemented in C++ and i want to access it.
Nicely played with votes. Keep going.
That's true but even describing something simple in text could become more complicated than needed just because of the text. Seeing something in normal math syntax can give you a nice feel of the method with one view. (And some text to clarify if needed)
Please elaborate, I've used it in a app that has been running with no issues for years. It wouldn't be a big deal if it missed a file here and there though so maybe I missed it. And they system resources also
yeah you're absolutely right. anyways, i just commented on bruno conde's code and now id rather not replace my existing foreach loop.
Wow!  Great resource!  :)
I have been using http:regexplib.comRETester.aspx , but your tool is more easier to use. Thank You.
MMM, thanks, that could work i guess but i dont want to do that since the site is meant for South Africa and the internet is VERY slow over here!
This is on Windows, evtest.c looks like it's Unix-only.
I've thought about microframeworks but decided I want to learn how to use the standard Ruby framework. The creators of Rails never said you shouldn't use Rails for smaller apps. Nor have they ever directed anyone to use Sinatra instead of Rails. I don't believe in blindly adhering to MVC under all circumstances. I believe I should be able to use Rails in a way that seems most appropriate to my needs. Thanks for the advice.
Optimize for Fast code is only an option in Native Code mode.
There is an OutputCacheAttribute OOTB nowadays.
Assertions are not explicitly made for checking preconditions and postconditions, but are still useful to emulate it. That's another point where assertions are useful.
your suggestion did fix the compile issue, but it seems strange that I now have a static method that has no access to private data (can't do anything).  I wonder if this will work
In C, mutating the elements of the collection is fair game, but adding to or removing from the collection may either fail or yield unwanted results.
1.6 now includes reg-ex matching of bug numbers and can raise a warning if no bug number is found (won't reject it, but better than nothing).
Yes, this is not linking to private API. We ve done something similar with buttons on the UIAlertView, went through review with no problems.
Did it solve this particular problem? :)
Although I'm using a DataContext, I assume EF also tracks object changes which is probably the larger resource in both cases.
If you have access to the error log of the web server, please look there, you'll finf a more detailed error message there
-1 sorry. Only badness could arise out of storing a username in two different ways when one of them can be trivially computed from the other. There's no need to break normalisation here as Endlessdeath's answer shows.
I won't vote this down, but I'm not sure I can vote it up either.  It's completely correct, but also completely useless for the person asking.  If I ask for the difference between foo, bar, and blarg, and someone says a foo is a bar of a blarg that won't mean anything to me.  I need context.  (Of course, the question itself would require a chapter of a book to answer completely, so I'm not sure what a good answer might be...maybe this is as good as it gets.)
After checking out the latest openid4java and building a new jar it works.
I have.  Even with your latest edit, it is still not correct. 
The first thing I would do is divide by 1024 instead of 1000.  That should help with the kb size.
Is it openning the connection ok?
In general there's no order to when threads are served unless you explicitly build it in. For example, instead of using a raw semaphore, you could protect a flag and a queue of events with a lock. When blocking, add a new event to the queue, release the lock, then wait for the event. Etc. This will ensure FIFO order.
I think your answer will be best for me.  I haven't got it working with the query results page yet but I've done enough to know I'll eventually get it working.   But running out of time so I'll comment later on my progress.
I am already using that easing plugin and it does not replace the animate function, it simply assists it. It just helps by giving different waypoints in the animation. If anything it causes more math to be calculated and causes the animation to slower.
Okay, Edit added with a sample of how I interpret this.
I'm pretty sure, I just ran one of the sub targets and the timestamps were all updated in my dest dir.
These are some great explanations, thanks to all!
Thanks!! I never thought of parent(). I never thought it was just this simple.
Thanks. I've been trying all sorts of combinations but I get the above mentioned error even if you try the order you mentioned: Attach mdb to SQL Server 2008 --> Attach .mdb to VS.Net Server Explorer (don't work).
+1 ids for divs. A big help.
you are right, sorry !
I think he doesnt mean configurable values, but every value that can change - like max number of pigs that user can have.
Interesting! I had no idea you could get it outside of an MSDN subscription. Good to know :)
Duplicate: http:stackoverflow.comquestions595123is-there-an-ansi-sql-alternative-to-the-mysql-limit-keyword
Other than an icon and color, what is this full information?  Why can't that happen just by subclassing a classthat has the meta-properties of color and icon defined?  And if I want to create a specific type of Data, how do I know whether to stereotype it <<Data>> or subclass the Data class?
+1, really interesting - thanks dalke :-)
unfortunately we are 'stuck' with the 1.1 framework for this version
It never gets to the MVC's ContollerAction method.  It errors before calling into the server.
It's human to forget sometimes. One slip like that and you honestly think the question should be closed with dozens of good answers from people who have tried to constribute?
This isn't true.  CS projects can be shared between the two versions.
easel, or extJS :-)
By 'consolidate' I just mean to turn your 8 css files into 1 big one when you deploy.  I'm not sure what platform you are using, but using .net I have done this in the past using an httphandler.
+1 I like this idea
It does matter, but only to a point. For each bit of salt you add, you double the space requirements needed for a dictionary attack (or the attacker has to cut his dictionary in half). If there's a good password selection policy (minimum length, requirement for mixed case, digits, punctuation), you would probably be safe with the old 12-bit salts. However, might as well use 64 bits and be safe everywhere. No one really has room for 10^19 dictionaries, even if they are really tiny.
Oh lol, in that case Marc's solution may be the one to go with - does that work fine for you?
You might have forgot that SO has this same capability on the main page. I'm just saying... ;-)
I did post about Flat3Map but then realized that you want 2 values for 1 key.  Flat3Map is about fast access for small (size<=3) hashmaps (1 key to 1 value).
And nobody realized it was a bad idea to name them this way?
Perhaps you could supply us with an actual code sample of what you are trying to do, so we don't need to spend time trying to guess it?
But more seriously, I don't know. Try opening up another question about that specific topic, maybe someone else will.
the problem is solved thank you very much  :)
see my edit, use prepend-kernel to add the kernel to the file
what compiler and OS are you on though
marvelous, can you tell me please if you know how can i prevent user from going to www.mysitemyservice.asmx i want to hide it make it both invisible and inaccessible
emacs is ubiquitous!?!? Not on a default server install it isn't ...
in DB2 instead of IsNull you may write coalesce(leftid,rightid)
Yes, it may generate different results. I will give it a try and keep you updated.
In the second one: (selector).append(<div>); is that a bug or by design? I'm thinking that <div > is valid XHTML ?
Martin, thanks for the advice.  I am trying to retrieve data from a deleted shelveset from a backup.  I guess my only options are to restore the backup temproarily on our prod server, or install another version temporarily.
i did add the sqlite.exe path to the environment variable.did some test on my drive d by using the windows cmd.exe and i can query that table fine.now i change the directory to where my project and the database created earlier is. sqlite3 iagency and .schema commands doesn't not produce any output. i've tried .scheman ?users? but nothing.Am i missing anything?
Can you please provide a code sample?
We are near here. The query is a lot better but it has a problem. The query generate duplicates (a guy can refer few users ...). If I add a group by statement the query jump back to 1-2 sec. Using distinct is even worse.
True; the issue of proof of correctness gets VERY complicated very quickly when dealing with non-trivial neural networks, to the point of being intractable for any significantly sized networks.
See my final solution here: http:stackoverflow.comquestions811750how-can-i-get-jquery-to-execute-animations-in-exact-parallel835362835362
Yep, I need HTTP, cookies, HTML (not XML!) parser and JavaScript. I added all these to the question to make it even more clear :)
There's a typo in your code sample - cacheRolesInCookie=ture.
I think you reversed node and this (that is, it should be this->retrieve(id = 'node->parent'), but the idea is clear.
I saw that it existed outside of LINQ operations. Good stuff. +1
I should have searched SO sooner!  Thanks!
Meiscooldude: Please at least reread my post to glean the correct information now - sorry for some of the initial rubbish. (Also, I wouldn't at all be annoyed if you now accept another answer - they're all now correct, so it's up to you.)
+1 Just imagine people trying to print pages with dark background colors. So many  in inktoners just disappearing...
Please reread Tom's answer. Repeat: Did you try Uninstallable=False?
Can this be done in linq??? int32Value.ForEach(....) ???
That is easily reversible, and not at all fool proof.
As the later post says that we need to handle collision also. Moreover the hash implementation has a tablesize which is like fixed. If we want to dynamically increase the size of the hashmap, without the programmer knowing how its done. Could you suggest something ?
That's the same as all programming, use the tools that best suit the situation.
No Roger actually I have textField on view but it  hides because of keyboard
Understatement: that's a horrible reset. The  selector should be sued with extreme prejudice: it can have very negative effects on CSS performance (the cascades are ridiculous) and there are very few elements where you actually want to globally affect a style, as you've discovered - lists want margins.
thnks wilq.but tell me that what else i have to add in my html code.
Can you throw light on what Algorithms ?
...I'm also a big fan of K.I.S.S.
I'm afraid I don't have any links -- that link you've found looks quite good in itself, and of course you can ask on StackOverflow if you need to address any specific stumbling blocks
< names.each do name >
The process had been running for about 3 weeks.  It was restarted last night and the CPU time is currently at 31 seconds.
I'm just glad that worked as humor instead of rep-whoring.
Nope, calling Measure() didn't fix the problem. I guess I should temper with the UI thread, but I don't know which part to call on UI Thread or how.
do it while you can if you're using MySQL, because, when you go back later, you will have to shut the database off... and it can take a while to add a key to a MySql DB....
Not a chat, more like the usual messaging.
Code is posted above
We do have a CM (Mindtouch Wiki), in which you can integrate some trackers, like MantisBT and Bugzilla.  Unfortunately, in a company were email has been the de facto medium for years, you can't change that overnight.  It might take years.
An example of a large number is 20 to 30. For a large part the stored procedures is to perform some validationtransformation before insertingupdating the data. One other point i did not mention is this is for SQL Server now but could be moved to Oracle 11g, but this is a future worry that i'll look at if it ever happens.
you need to show more code, especially the part thats adding the k.js. have you checked via firebug that your k.js file reference returns the correct javascript file and not a 404 for instance? oh, and every question is urgent.
Use `.selectrelated(location)` on your `Item` query, then access ` item.location ` in the template. That's really all there is to it...
I'll check that when I get back to work. Perhaps there's a way to tell it not to hit the execution cache (something like SQLNOCACHE during a select)?
Ryan: If it's a one time deal, use the sql manager to execute your query or queries.
Thanks.  This is exactly what I was looking for.
After many attempts the code that finally worked was from the question that Andomar linked to:
Thanks claco glad it worked - updated the original too
Just to show how it can be done.
HashMap or TreeMap are much better than a ArrayList for random access.
If you think about it, the uppercase habbit probably came from preprocessor macros rather than constants (I've never used block caps for true constants). In that context, it makes sense to distinguish the macros from the actual code because a macro may well actually be an expression and not a constant value, its expansion may cause side effects and so on. So you need to know when you're using a macro and when you're using a const. I'm personally glad to see the back of preprocessor macros, they had a lot of potential to make code hard to read.
Yes, the edited version of your answer does work (wrapping the order by query in a non-ordered by query for the union).  As with cats, there's a dozen different ways to skin 'em. I verified your query to return the same results as mine. Yours is great for quick and dirty gimmie the data now situations... I like the CTE method I described because once it's written, you can do anything you want with the data.  (ie, Give me the second most previous rate [but not the most previous] and all current rates)
Thought so-any advice for finding a good programmer?
Actually, the code posted is a bit flawed - the big buffer is zero initialised (because it is a vector). You can remove a startup hit by using new char[SZ] instead. My excuse is it is some code I had lying around (with a much smaller buffer) & I did a quick copy & paste.
Everything before WEB-INF will vary depending on setup, and depending on who is accessing them.
gimel - that won't work as written - the RHS is type double, which can't be assigned to a float without a cast.
You should not use Try...Catch to catch something that you can very easily check for beforehand.
Thanks, but how do I pass a long when SendMessage expects an uint? I still can't type convert it to uint after changing it to a long. Sorry if the site answered it, I can't find it anywhere. Thanks again.
Clearly, it takes longer to type isset() :
I already did profiling and logging and what not.  If I remove the call to refresh or replace it with another call, the time spent goes away.  Emptying the rePaint function prevents refreshing from working properly, but does not significantly reduce the time taken.  Clearly the refresh function does more than merely call repaint, and the other stuff it does is sucking up time.
Are the threads adding up or are they maybe part of some winsock-internal thread pool, which keeps those threads in a pool?
really so difficult? have you ever tried copy, paste and customize approach i.e. http:www.bewebmaster.com55.php ? I am interested in answers of people that actually tried to write it without js platformsframeworks
This wont be put on header AFAIK. The page client script block just throw stuff into the page at the time you call- thats something I hate a lot in ASP.NET. Without exception all JS should stay inside head, thats especially true for me because I am using jQuery to do method hook.
Tomolak: I had actually done that searching for an answer. I'll add the query.
What does that have to do with the decon's question? He wants random numbers with no duplicates. Did you even read the question?
okay, thank you; though, since the output is graphic (aiSee displays graphs from GDL descriptions) I probably won't be processing it further; but it's good to know I have that option
I agree.  It looks like he's trying to mimic the behavior of a C++ alias, not anything that normally happens in the CLR.  Just by the OPs method `GiveMeARef` it shows a mis-understanding of references in C IMO.
I was going to write something along these lines myself, but you beat me to it and with great skill too :)
what does your data file look like?
Have you tried just Pass in sproc name and params?
Thanks for the pointer to the ply project. This is an open to the WWW approach and I fully expect members of the public to just wander in. This does rule out exec because crackers are much more creative than me.
Oh! Christ! I forgot ByVal in the API call.. It was just returning the address of the argument. When I took the argument by pointer in the DLL, it worked fine, then I remembered VB makes all the arguments ByRef by default... except for when it doesn't, anyway. Thanks for your help
escaped singles quotes are not valid within single quotes.
With JavaScript disabled, visitors won't see any country images.
Launch, in this context, means to open the file with the associated program. 
That's the point of UAC - if your app needs elevated privileges, it should ask the user for permission. Vista is designed to not allow exactly what you're trying to achieve - I'm not saying its impossible, I'm sure the malware community haswill come up with workarounds, but if you're a legitimate developer then you need to rethink your design so that you don't need to defeat UAC or Session 0 isolation.
do you meaning of UNIQUE ,is set uniqueiclentifier type for a feild ?
We already have several fakes, and, indeed something fake are buggy and it's a problem. which java mocking framework do you suggest ?
plz specify some example of TIMEZONE.. lets say, how to write the timezone for GMT+3.5 in the programm..
that's the thing, i don't need any info in that table. i don't even want that table if there's a way to group people without it. i just want to keep track of people IN GROUPS, not as individuals
Indeed, as DonkeyMaster noted, this does not answer the question. It makes the code clearer and perhaps more elegant, but the question remains: how can I create such code at runtime, without having to write it (or generate it) at design time?
I don't remember what it is called but in VS2008 there is a stripped down obfuscator that will work a bit, and I expect that if you bought the licensed version it would greatly reduce the code size.
thanks man. yeah, i got a private api non-compliance notification eventually. as it turns out, they usually send email notifications to your support email address you list on the upload area.
A lot of errors isn't helpful.  A specific error or two is helpful.
Elijah, sorry, it is within an internal system that I cannot give you access to..  can I give you some code instead?
not really weird. See Jason's answer.
True that! It begs the question, Why have Software Architects in the first place?
I don't see an Add method in Class2.
so understanding that as the webservice expects the UN and PW as clear text then there will be a security hole at some point, what is the best way to secure the data in the db and wherehow do I store the key (that decrypts) the encrypted values
I'd agree that some abstraction from the underlying plumbing is a good thing, but giving up control or leaving bloated andor unaccessible sites isn't an option..
ZeepMobile uses a HTTP post as a API to their SMS gateway. You could have the browser do the post and then the user would get a SMS text message. They do have ads at the bottom of the SMS message but it's the only service that offers a Short Code to send SMS messages on for free.
Just a little grammar: affect the speed of a query.
The scaling thing doesn't really bother me. I can handle things being negative. The problem is that I'm having trouble locking the image to the upper left corner of my plugin-space. Because the origin seems to be the difficult to find, it's hard to translate my image to the correct place when I draw it to the context...
Exactly, the production versions should be numerically tagged in major.minor.revision. But that's based on ACTUAL releases, not PROJECTED released. You use the codenames until something is actually released.
Yeah, I have a similar enum parser function and I thought about that. Before I'd go down that road I'd want to compare the performance of these options. Really, this is all about convenience and readability, so in the end I'll go with whatever is fastest.
I'm open to other proposals. :)
Another netfilter option is to forward the traffic to additional local interfaces that have been set up with distinct IP adresses.
Thanks, but why top and bottom of the content? GA only says Copy the following code block into every webpage you want to track immediately before the <body> tag.
Ronald - I don't understand exactly what your goal is. Do you want a new A and a corresponding new B to be created for each session? Why not use your single container pattern to register A and B in the session container rather than the root?
Is there a way to evaluate the potential frequenceprobability using hashCode() ?
Oh, and specifically http:en.wikipedia.orgwikiBirthdayparadoxProbabilityTable which saves the math and shows you have a 1 chance of collision for 9,300 objects (hashCode returns a 32 bit integer)
LOL at the downvoter!
If he's using a view, as stated, this will be rather difficult...
actually, i was looking and the ones that can do have a primary key on Receipt Number (some of them have duplicate receipt numbers... nothing i can do about that)
I figured it out. I added a creationComplete to the TextInput and had it call a method that setFocus on the TextInput.
'= void' is a bit odd in that void is a type.  I can't think of any other case where type keywords do double duty.
Shouldn't it be count < 50 (or i < input.length)
But UpdatePanel does not implement IPostBackEventHandler, or am I missing something? So you can t send the Id of the UpdatePanel as the first argument to DoPostBack(...) you have to send the Id of your control and also the Unique (namingcontainer id) of that control.
Actually I just realised that a database is really not the way forward for a game. Sure, they can retrieve segments of data blazingly fast, but with games this is not what you want - you're loading the entire data set into memory. A database could work if you have tens of megabytes of data that is not required to be accessible 100 of the time, otherwise the cost of loading it will be too much.
Iconic: Interesting question. I'd say it's probably not the best idea. A salt should be unique PER PASSWORD, and that includes any passwords in the password history. Using the username as the salt violates that principle.
I understand the negative zero-width assertion now. My regexp is ascii only, yours is unicode thus better. Thanks to both of you for your help.
Jon Skeet - We follow the coding standard that all variables are declared at the top of a method. Makes it nice and simple to see roughly (exactly in VB.net) how many variable are in use.
I'd argue that it adds to confusion by encouraging you to use the same variable name for two different meanings - limiting the scope means it's obvious what the variable is used for. As for hovering over the variable: I find code more readable when I don't have to mouse around to understand it.
So GetFileSystemInfos(.txt) returns a non-existing directory ..
Wrote it like that first too, but a group by on a.apid is really a group on p.  So it seems he wants to group by product, and find the last 6 products with activity.
George IV, that's my problem. I don't have access to the backend, I can only write Javascript code, and I am accessing one HTML page via AJAX. It's a complete page and I want a way to extract a specific part out of the Ajax response.
ahhhhh... I love the smell of freshly screen-scraped HTML in the morning....
true to my name FailBoy I figured it out :P I put into a string[] and then used it and it worked. Thanks!
FYI: example-code.com is a domain owned by Chilkat. When you say Somebody wrote a tutorial - it is a marketing site by that company to show how to use their commercial products. Not that there is anything wrong with commercial code.  But the example-code.com domain seems a little fuzzysneaky.
+1 for Pattern misuse advice. Use a pattern if it solves your problem. Don't change the problem to fit the pattern.
Lost- my question is input from where, is a macro causing this spreadsheet to be populated from another app, is it imported from a webpage, is the data already in the spreadsheet and you just want to change it to a new one based on the conditions?
Ah, thanks Tim, I'll fix the wording. :)
So what?  SO is a resource for developers.  This does NOT mean only post questions here as a last resort.
the code you have there is very sensitive to the layout of the page.  you may want to expose the chart's ID as a JS variable using ScriptManager.RegisterScriptVariable(), passing the image's ClientID; that way, if you alter the layout of the page later you don't break the JS.
The only thing is that in actuality the minus statement I'm using is selecting more than just the single field (it's selecting 10 fields).
This is overkill. The solution is just to re-register the TextMgrP.dll.
Its serverdashboard only runs on windows which is big disadvantage for us. It doesn't have a free version and the GUI is old Win95-style. I hope that its ease of use is the only thing worth checking. Sorry.
Your 26-dimensional vector solution gets my MOST AWESOME solution badge :) Can you give an example calculation, maybe with a 2-d vector?
Thanks, good questions!
Thanks for the suggestion. I want them to have the option of saving the PDF. Will embedding work for that?
Please be more specific about what exact you want. You could either have the two days be no more than 365 days apart or have both dates in the same year (simple case)
You understand that this is bad solution, right? If you use a left join you then completely negate it by putting a refernce to that table inthe where clause unless you are asking for instances where the id is null (which gives you records in the first table and not the second). So an inner join would be better for performance as well as simpler. Also do you really have tenants living in more than one property? If not you don't need to waste time with a distinct either.
That's kinda what I'm saying, the Constrained classes has some protected virtual methods (like the virtualinsert method) but, as they are protected, I can't use them.
Perhaps you have multiple files including basemodel.php, and you're including those other files?
On the javadoc for List. All Known Implementing Classes: AbstractList, AbstractSequentialList, ArrayList, AttributeList, CopyOnWriteArrayList, LinkedList, RoleList, RoleUnresolvedList, Stack, Vector
Right now today, they are all using the native drivers (mostly NTrig) under Vista, because of course Win7 is not out and most of these have been around for a little while (a few months at least)...however moving forward, IMO the Win7 API is the way to go.
SilentGhost: docs doesn't say it has to be a fully qualified URL. In fact I have been, in all my projects, using a relative URL, 'media' as my MEDIAURL for a long time.
Sure!
Well, works :P.. Thank you !
thanks for the help!
Note, for concurrent structures computing size may be slow, and is pointless anyway.
Yes, the site has a working SSL, I can access an .ASMX service using transport security and pointing it to https in the Silverlight config file.  But I can't for the life of me get it find a Silverlight-Enabled WFC service through https with transport security.
No it's not working...
Heat Miser: Thanks, again that looks promising, and was closer to what I was thinking of.  My popup window has a startup script to auto-close, so really I'd need to push the data back to the original page rather than rely on being able to pull it.
Harper meant to write: mystruct foo = (mystruct )arg; or mystruct foo = (mystruct )arg;
Similar question: http:stackoverflow.comquestions594870fix-for-background-position-in-ie
ichiban, this script predates 'TF' for User-Defined Function.  I last updated when moving from  sybase to sql server!
I added in a simple example of what I am doing.
-1 : The second version is no clearer than the first. Without knwoing the reason for the code, either could be valid.
+1 for good updates
Yep. If it's important enough in your day-to-day work, you'll use it often enough that you'll remember it. If not, what does it matter if you have to look it up? Use it enough, and you won't have to look it up again...
Thanks for your answer.
Yes, but the thing is that the error will occur quite often - I don't want to pop up a MsgBox every time that happens.  I want to just silently handle the error by skipping over that image.
Hmm, I'll look for other problems, but you should use this version instead of what you had, regardless. Anywhere else in your code that you're doing similar things should also be fixed up.
Companies seem to lose domain knowledge all too quickly - every effort should be made to keep knowledge in the company
yeah, I'm not doing that.  I'm using DICOM images, which are not bitmaps.  The visualization is done as openGL textures, and the images themselves are just arrays-- in the C app, they're ushorts, and in the C++ dll, they become floats, in order to have negative values and enough dynamic range.
That's not entirely true. Although event listeners are newer and recomended there are certain operations that you cannot do with them. Namely providing your way to instatiate objects and capturing transaction startends.
I'd prefer the same logic in a trigger. a query in a scalar function... can create big problems if your CHECK constraint relies on a query and if more than one row is affected by any update. What happens is that the constraint gets checked once for each row before the statement completes. That means statement atomicity is broken and the function will be exposed to the database in an inconsistent state. The results are unpredicable and inaccurate. See: http:blogs.conchango.comdavidportasarchive20070219Trouble-with-CHECK-Constraints.aspx
...because the inability to write a UNIQUE constraint to enforce a simple key should be considered a 'code smell', IMO. If you can't change the design (SQL DDL) because many other tables reference this table then I'll wager that your SQL DML also suffers as a result i.e. you have to remember to add ...AND Table.RecordStatus = 1' to most search conditions and join conditions involving this table and experiencing subtle bugs when it inevitably gets omitted on occasion.
Ofcourse it's platform dependent but the principle is still the same regardless of platform.
Maybe he confused ++i and i++?
+1. Good counter arguement
eval() can be used, and does the job, but why is it advisable to use it over the technique above (not to be argumentative :) ? I used the above method for processing huge numbers of very large text files.
Wouldn't be wonder, if that's the way it's made to work.
And indeed AJAX  polling isn't the end-all fix.
I normally avoid using namespace foo; because it can get confusing for the reader or maintainer of the code, but, of all namespaces, std is the one that it can make sense to use this way.
I know the number of tiles, just not what is the optimal size to fill as much as possible of the rectangle that they are in.
your right my inital part of the question was ambiguous.  The rectanlge size is known, but it can change. sorry for the confusion. hopefully the examples make it a bit clearer.
Anyway, thanks for the comment. Seems to be that at XSD level there  is no way. +1
http:msdn.microsoft.comen-usperformancedefault.aspx, under downloads, has several downloads of just the toolkit for under 5 MB.
Since it fails so early at list files in , perhaps try a non-read-only account or another known account. The exception looks like an account or permissions error. Or perhaps the single user account is causing problems.
this is what i'm looking for.  still curious how to make it work with matches though.
Thanks for this rec.  I think you are absolutely right that it will improve the code to get these two tests out of the inner loop by making two loops.  I'll definitely be doing that today.  However, the boss wants to see an OpenMP version, and will not be placated with the mere removal of some inner-loop tests.  :)
thomas, thanks for the info
I haven't done any more testing on this myself... so are you saying that with Max Pooled Statements turned on and the cfqueryparam NOT inside a CFFUNCTION that the memory leak does NOT happen?  
It is usually not recommended to implement ViewModels as DependencyObjects, which are much heavier than POCO implementing INotifyPropertyChanged... anyway, it won't change anything in that case
This site has good code coloring - using pastebin will not make you very popular. Formatting and formulating your question better is also a good way to get answers.
What language are you talking about and what is your application? You could store the image in a byte array, but that wouldn't give you specifics about pixels. However, if you're interested in looking at individual pixels in images, or cropping or whatever, you're going to have to look at libraries specific to the language in which you are working.
MasterPeter has explained it well enough.
Can you post some code?
If you expect the number of rows to triple, you're in trouble. Excel only allows 65536 rows in the Worksheet object.
Yeah, my familiarity with this is from DNS&BIND, 2nd edition... a bit old. Maybe it is time to minus my answer. Although the packet trace does work. :)
Oh, I didn't even notice that, I'll fix that
Davy8 - the first example is XmlDocument, the second example shows XDocument
You use spchangeobjectowner to reset all of the objects to dbo.
You need to write self-modifying assembly for this, and I only have the PPC version. Unless your on PPC?
thanks!    paolo
Then you should clarify that in your question. You asked how to hook into foo.exe and this does that.
Thanks bedwyr. With the example I posted, my class is being referenced by the Main method in another class (world) This code was provided, so all i'm supposed to do is create the methods in the class being called (ed, methods in DrawingObect). But I realised what its was. Up until now I'd only ever worked within one class, so was always using static to define my methods, but as the class DrawingSystem isn't public, I shouldn't be including static when defining my methods. Is that right? I removed static from the method name and it now complies.
This is superior to the set solution if you have a large file, because map will load the entire file into memory as a list of lines, which will then be discarded (itertools.imap can fix that, though).
TheSoftwareJedi: Read my comment on a similar answer below. The source code and examples given on that project page DO NOT meet the requirements of my question. Registry Monitor only watches for changes to KEYS. Any change to any subkeys or values will fire the event handler. I need an event handler for when a registry VALUE changes. Before anyone calls me lazy, they should take the time to actually read the question. rant
It looks like the Silverlight one does support PreserveObjectReferences (which is how you get cyclic object graphs).
Kenny, Almost 100 sure. It's actually much easier than the tutorial shows.  Essentially you open up the Settings page, type the name and type of the setting and you're ready to roll.  The Settings feature takes care of many many little issues under the hood that you don't need to be aware of (clickonce security and isolated storage for starters).
Also, setNeedsDisplay only affects the view it is called on. If necessary, any subviews will have to be invalidated independently
I would return IMyClass. The Mac folks probably won't want to derive from MyClass (just for the sake of being different), but they'll have to at least implement IMyClass if they want to play in my sandbox.
Really appreciate for your clue.
+1 for the pagerank passing. It can be in .htaccess, or in the apache conf file.
Can you be more elaborate?
You need to be much clearer about your question if you want answers that are more specific than a paragraph from an OO tutorial.
Yes This worked. Thanks Alot
whereas the html generated for this page of stackoverflow itself is more than 1300 lines...
+1. I'd never noticed std::mismatch() before -- I wonder what else is in that algorithms header file that I've never looked at...
Naveen Jens suggests in his question that there is some structure to the output array which he wants to model with OutputThing so a vector of doubles may not cut it. Doing this may make sense for InputThing, though.
I have found the solution about how to filter out the invalid byte sequences of UTF-8, but met with a new issue here,
CakePHP and MYSQL
Won't the multiple functions applied to the field (if indexed) convert this into a full table scan?
I don't want to install the cert for them -- I want to detect that they haven't done it yet, and point them to help (and possibly to an app that would do it for them).  Also don't want to depend on all clients having the .NET framework installed so would need to write the app with Win32 :(
And you can do this with NSRunLoop, running the loop explicitly in the test method. Only if the asynchronous method actually uses the run loop, of course, but this is true of all of Cocoa's built-in asynchronous methods.
Wordpress is really slow, see the one codinghorror post. I don't like PHP but with wordpress it has more to do with the design of wordpress itself. see http:www.codinghorror.comblogarchives001105.html
One resistance I am having toward the Windows Scheduled tasks is status feedback to the user.  I guess scheduling PowerShell scrips can give more options here?
Thanks, but it still doesn't work! Upvoting, because it definitely seems to be on the right track.
The browser would block access, but you can use postMessage() in the more recent browsers to communicate with the iframe.
It may seem strange but it is not.
Are you asking about dynamically loading classes or defining behavior for initialization for a class?
I had tried git merge.  It does propagate some of the changes made to bigfile.c on the doxygen branch to the new filea.c, but drops others.  This is a source of errors; I would have to redoxify the comments (which are scattered all over the source, causing much mismatch during the merge).
The accepted answer is actually complete.
Doh. I should go to bed. Anyway, should be fixed now.
Sorry Jose, I'm so excited about the possibility of getting this to actually work that my brain is running faster than my fingers. :)
csc.exe is included  in the .NET Framework, what most people think of as the runtime.  You don't need the SDK to get the compiler. Let me say that again: you don't need the SDK to get the C compiler. The VBC and CSC compilers come with the .NET Framework.
Don't forget to turn option explicit off when you run the above code.
You should be able to use it in the javascript.  var x = ('name:checkbox:checked').val() == 'on' ? 1 : 0;
Yes indeed. I have removed my translation. If you need souped up random number generation, you'll need to buy a copy of their book and do the translation yourself.
Nope. I believe this is the guideline for UI programming with multiple threads. You put a defensive check to see if the method is being called on the UI thread - if not you transition to the UI Thread before executing any UI specific code.
My Bad ... I was brain-dead indeed! ... Thanks Nobert Hartl, tvanfosson and Evert :)
in plain rhino this is supposed to work sorry :(
If you're doing embedded delvelopment, then short methods are even more important.  Try reading Safer C instead.
Tom - The C++ language is specified by the ISO standard, and I can assure you that there is mention in that document of how iterators should be implemented. Or perhaps you are using teh word implemented in some special sense?
No, it returns the rilcelltowerinfo structure, which has MNC, MCC, Cell ID, and LAC, among others.
Yes, I do have some data. I ran a test that creates 100,000 processes and a test that creates 100,000 threads.  The thread version ran about 9x faster (17.38 seconds for processes, 1.93 for threads). Now this does only test creation time, but for short-lived tasks, creation time can be key.
How are you doing the test for speed comparison?  Are you running in release outside of a debugger (important), as well as running multiple times (to make sure you're not getting any JIT issues)?
fopen doesn't raise Exceptions.
1) they can see it 2) its fundamental 3) I'm lazy
Nope- tried that way the first time.
I'm sure it's not undocumented, the thing is that XAML controls size themselves based on their content, even if you set the height to 100, it could change for any other reason, and the new height and width will be contained in the ActualHeight and ActualWidth properties respectively. If you want your controls to have a fixed size you should set the MinWidth and MinHeight instead, but most of the time I don't recommend this. Mainly all of this is to solve resizing problems that we had with WindowsApplications.
Ok, I guess preventing accidental scripttag injection could be a good thing there.
Since I'm wiring them up, I know what decorators are in use. In a special case where I'm forced to use a stream that uses RuntimeExceptions incorrectly, I'd have to account for that. Haven't been faced with that yet though. Writing a lot of unnecessarily complicated code to defend against something unlikely and avoidable seems like a bad approach.
+1 because I agree -- I was just giving the simplest example I could for the asker, but in reality I would do exactly as you suggest.
ya, I figured you had to of missed something.  I use this type of statement daily and I was a bit confused by your comments :D
Sorry, that sounded really ungrateful... didn't mean it to be :D
Hrm, this answers why. Any ideas on a good workaround though?
Perhaps rewrite question and title to discuss distributed version control compared to centralized version control.
I use a similar one to this one, but its named hr and is a line of dashes rather than asterisks.
Once again, if you read my comments (or my answer) for what's there - not what you thought was there - you'd understand that the consideration of XHTML was not purely taken from the specification.  You can't define the entire use, purpose, and history of a technology standard by the standard itself.  It's impractical to do so.  I'd recommend going and reading up on some of the issues surrounding the creation of XHTML, or maybe even the viewpoints of those who formed the XHTML specification, regarding presentationmarkup, and the HTML 'tag soup'.
Thanks, i wiull look and try fsockopen()
That question is arguably too broad (eg substitute website with software).
Very good question. I remember asking a MS guy at a TechDays where MS was heading, between Linq, Entities etc. He didn't seem to know either...
modified my question... i'm thinking javascript
Got a solution  this link
This one is safer, but there's really no point in passing VARIANTBOOL by reference.
It should. I don't see any reason for it not to.
But the file does not already exist before the first call to IO.Directory.CreateDirectory, so the first call should've failed.
Yes I was kind of cheating with the map...it doesn't appear till later chapters. I am really enjoying the book by the way. I think the calculator might actually be useful in the real world, which is not something you can say about the samples presented in most introductory books.
How would a header declaration of a function look like? Just the same way as a method declaration?
In this case, I'd say your solution is to prevent developers from having any access, according to industry best practices. When your incompetant DBA destroys data, the reason will be clear - and he'll be sent for training. When that doesn't work, maybe he'll be given an assistant - a developer - with access. Maybe eventually, the old DBA will be given less important things to do, and you'll already have the assistant to take his place.
I suspect it's related to xhtml then. Try using regular HTML.
I agree.  While you might be able to crunch that down into a single line of regex, think of how long it would take you to do that as well as how long it would take you to changedebug it in the future.
Actually this is exactly the kind of logic that belongs in the database if you don't want data integrity issues. Doing this is the App would be a poor choice as it would not cover any updates made outside the app. However even in the database, this trigger is not how I would handle because LIKE  'Alone' can't use an index. I'd put the alone status in it's own column and then put a unique index that covers that column and the id field.
actually, this one depends on the language, and & will evaluate all conditions (not shortcut). And I've seen many people use And (&) in VB instead of AndAlso (&&)
Tried moving calls to alert to other places, still no response. I'm going to try to combine the music player and the button, just to see what will happen. As a reference I've posted the new code (with multiple ExternalInterface calls highlighted - http:pastebin.comf7cee3625)
Sorry, i made the assumption.
Thanks. I'll try this.
leave it up - often the shorter, more concise answers are more helpful.
