unit tests which (theoretically) prove that the code actually works.
hah - nice display name
I like this answer but without knowing the size of stack up front I've got no way of telling if I'm about to blow it up.
Yes, CTRL-O and CTRL-I seem to take you back and forth where you've been, nice.
This should be tagged as language-agnostic as the question is asking for a design pattern as well as suggestions.
Thanks for reinforcing my suspicion that closures would just be syntactic sugar for anonymous inner classes.
Works like a charm. Thanks.
I'm also curious about clarification of the question.  So far we just seem to have 3 examples with an ambiguous general rule of removing sequences (of repeated substrings).
The will indent the value, and make it on a new line
oh, it compiles alright, set this one in a juniors lap and watch them debug for a day looking for it, the website project, will just shut down, 503, no warning, no debug, up, down.
Wouldn't that accept all input strings? I think you might want to negate that statement.
Beat me. And your solution works nicely.
If you divide and conquer, I think the lookup table idea would work well for larger sizes too
Jaykulslipsec, the answer I gave is explaining that you can add .lnk to the the PATHEXT environment variable and then you can launch a shortcut from the command line without adding .lnk.
Thanks for the clarification on boost::format's usage. It's tempting given that this project already depends on another boost library, but I don't think anything beats a printf that just works with std::string as Loki seems to do.
The download link for Gorilla SQL seems to be broken. VersionTracker is using the same link, so that one's broken as well. Hacking the URL seems to show the whole site is down  Know of any working download locations?
Justin, that'd do the trick. But for a few reasons (i.e. hidden Guice-based dependency injection) I need Jetty to eagerly instantiate the servlets for me.
It's a very small site relative to stackoverflow. Monthly stats would be 100K visitors, 500K page views running on a 800MB RAM VPS server.
'Cause I asked nicely... :)
Steve: I don't apply Agile currently, I am researching.
I think that it will do an AND instead of an OR. I think I need to union the feeds.
Make more than one Accepted Answer a feature request ;)
Code segments are reusable as long as the DLL loads at its preferred base address. Traditionally you should ensure that you set non-conflicting base addresses for all DLLs that would load into your processes, but that doesn't work with ASLR.
Obviously, I didn't know the correct way to install it, and copying file manually did not work properly. I managed to make it work using Michael's advice. Thanks.
100k might actually be an undershoot, I haven't really calculated the number. Also when I said modern CPU I was actually thinking something up to 5 years old, an Athlon XP 3000+ is not an unrealistic target.
ERROR: Odd number of elements in hash assignment at (etc).
sorry for the delay there, got sidetracked. It prints 1 1. Ack. I could post my entire test file if it would help, it's not much more than the example code.
Also I've got a box at the office running Perl 5.10 & the latest versions of CGIDBI, I'll give that a shot tomorrow just in case. Thanks. Signing off for now. Thanks again, have a good one.
I also like this answer, it is really good, too.
AFAIK, if Helper is just a normal class, you cannot mock its methods.
To me that just reads he didn't want to break the back button, he just wanted to break the back button to prevent it being broken.  :S
Thanks Chris that worked.
This solution helped me out a lot, wish I'd found it before the 2 hours of frustration!  But I think using a imgborder: 0; is a better fitted solution to the original problem - the emphasis on the initial a because the problem only occurs when an image is wrapped in a hyperlink
I was aware of the information in your answer. I fixed the growing transaction log by setting the recorvery model to simple. My question however, is why logreusewait should show me that there are active transactions, when I cannot find any in the system.
Nothing that very basic testing could not solve.
Derek please see my previous post, I don't think you read it or you didn't read it carefully enough...
Perfect explanation. Cheers!
moreunit looks awesome, thanks
I think the big problem is... how do you send an email with a link, when the email is blocked becuase you've lost the password for it?
There's no XNA for Pro's if that's what you're looking for. As usual, just sift through the info that's available and pick up what you need and skip what's obvious for you.
Is there a reason why the key is provided externally instead of being generated by the db? If there isn't a need to choose a random key outside of the db (and I'd be surprised if there were) then the real answer would be to fix up the current db keys and stop using rnd keys
good idea, merged!
Actually, I can be sure that nothing gets inserted, since this is a simple client side program.
Can you elaborate how you'd have Apache route the request? Also, is there a reason Apache should be the primary server or is it just preference?
paercebal - I figured the cast would make it good. I mean, we do have guarantees on the data continuity of structs and their size, so I can't see why this would ever fail.
I think the author means [w for w in dictionary if w.startswith(x)] :)
rp. one small change I had to make was to pass my validationgroup name to the PageClientValidate() method.  Thanks for the code!
Less by design, and more by force. Microsoft explicitly forbids add-in for express, even though it is actually technically possible to make them.
In TFS the name of a label must be unique - whhy would you want multiple labels of the same name?  Surely this would be confusing?
The overriding rule is... Don't Make Me Think... if usability tests show that it is confusing, then it is probably a bad idea to do... so yes, I think there is an objective answer (IE do some usability tests)
I have a menu item: Debug -> Exceptions. This is with VS2005 Professional.  Are you running an Express edition?
GTK is an implementation of User Interface widgets for .Net.  It uses GTK to realize those widgets.
Not programming related.
And there's no Java involved!
Cody: You should post that so I can +1 your comment. :-)
You don't need the backslash in front of the ';' in Python.
I'm not sure I understand the syntax of your second example... Is the trycatch construct a replacement for the constructor body?
a noble goal, but not always feasible in my experience, as tomasso points out
That's definitely one of the more nasty hidden features. I've run into it from time to time.
Thanks for the answer. Actually it s sad. Nice recommendation that we are already following, but the problem still goes.
All of the fields are strings or primitives
what about common sense? reducing cyclomatic complexity doesn't mean kill all switches. May be it would be better to reformulate your question? For example When to not use switch statement?
One should note that Kamaelia isn't QUITE there in terms of multi-core support.  It's still very experimental to say the least.
With initializing the connection in global scope, I'm initializing the connection once per page, and using that global variable in functions that need to interact with database.
There is a similar question asked with additional answers at
Compliance in terms of what?
I believe subversion 1.5 has merge tracking.
Totally agree with you on this one levik, people that are replying with this exceptional circumstances are missing the point (see my post).
In this case, TDD = Technical Design Document?
I suspect this question was engineered to win a bet along the lines of there'll be at least x references to xkcd with y minutes...
Nice, much more elegant.
I think your example is a case of overusing const, but don't forget about the mutable modifier, which can be applied to instance variables to remove the const-ness.
Whats to say the attacker isn't your ISP?  Then they just catch all ICMP packets, and return them 100ms later?  It would still severely impact the entropy.
As for why I need it - I'm really not at liberty to say, but I can promise that it's not for any nefarious purpose. =)
I have mixed data i nvarchar column (words and numbers)
Not by me, I appreciate your response (as well as the others). -- Jalov
As noted, providing a predicate works too. Using const char can have the additional advantage of saving a string copy.
Yes, I'd forgotten about the private key part of things. Thanks.
The string concatenation is unnecessary. Just use Integer.valueOf(val, 16).
I need it now since I can't get through on myopenid.com
I agree, but why reference SourceSafe? We used it for many years in concurrent checkout mode - no problems. (I never really understand all the hate for VSS. I guess we were lucky).
The application is hosted on a VPS, so I have root access.
The functional or non-functional cases in which you would use bitshifting in 3GL's are few.
function log(msg)  if(console) console.log(msg) else alert(msg) 
Well, number crunching and dynamic languages are not orthogonal, given the right libraries. Think Python and Numpy, or StarP, etc.
I don't think i understand the question... what are you going to process? What kind of processing?
Hmm, I'm afraid I'm unable to try the code as I've not got the compact framework installed. However, My Documents is a shell folder, not a valid filesystem path. Try using a full filesystem path there. (Unless things work differently in the compact framework, in which case please disregard!)
I use the directX-Framework. When the focus of the application is lost I can't read the data any more.
'Question closed as not programming related by 17 of 26'. This, coming from the author of How do you determine what your salary should be?
if I had 1 more karma point, I'd do it for you, but you should change the cobol. tag to remove the trailing .
I re-installed and checked the box for gems. All is well. Thanks
Can you link some of these 3rd party wrappers for .NET? I've been searching for a good wrapper for GraphViz and Dot for a long time, and have turned up zilch.
Oh, sorry - I didn't read the question closely enough!
Another excellent point, but I was hoping someone might know or have done similar research anyway. Oh well, it was worth a shot! :)
FYI, 2005 was 3 years ago. The requirements for VS 2008 are more relevant: http:msdn.microsoft.comen-usvs2008productsbb894726.aspx
I don't see any options like that... please see above
Note also - it isn't necessarily a switch on type - it could also be used as a composite conditional (even thru LINQ) - but without a messy x=> Test ? Result1 : (Test2 ? Result2 : (Test3 ? Result 3 : Result4))
This method does nicely emphasize the first-class nature of IO actions.
and there may also be issues with the SRC of the iframe, please have a  look here: http:weblogs.asp.netbleroyarchive20050809how-to-put-a-div-over-a-select-in-ie.aspx
The way I see things in this case, programmer happiness will lead to productivity. ClearCase can be a major wall. License servers, view servers, VOB storage and whatever else ClearCase needs, makes it very fragile. One thing goes down and unless you have a static view you're out of luck.
I just tried this on a Windows box and it works great... except that the laptop I tried it on has 2 NICs (one wireless) and there's no way to determine which MAC it returned. Just a word of warning if you want to use this code.
Gaaaaaaaah,  Can you tell who does too much Java for his own good?  I didn't use the generators because I figured I didn't need the autogenerated migrations, and then I applied the Java filename = classname + extension convention without thinking about it.
So what happened was that I opened the page, it had no answers, I went away for a while and came back and answered. If I am going to be down voted for duplicate answers there should be a way to determine if I had seen the answers before :( :(
Yes, but once you've started walking, matching files is simply a matter of translating the fileset expression into a suitable regular expression and filtering the results.
Andrea: OP means original poster, so, I was referring to you :)
I think it's mostly our child organization that doesn't want to share the code - a turf thing...
I thought that without this, every user has readwrite access to every file.  Will this really resolve a permission denied error...?
ysth: The question concerns Unix as far as I can tell, and Unix text files are always meant to end with a newline. This goes double for files supposedly in etc.
Thanks for the answer. My PHP script is saved as UTF-8, mbstring say that the input char is UTF-8 but the array values are ASCII.
no, you can't use the originating IP, as it may change - either through dynamic IPs, changed when a user is temporarily disconnected, or through the (implicit or explicit) usage of a proxy farm. 
Didn't you already ask this? Maybe delete one of the questions?
5.5 is the best version imo. Eclipse has horrible FTP support that keeps annoying me
That's not completely true. Zend has been a major contributor to PHP's recent builds and since PHP 4 it has been built on the Zend Engine. In fact, Zend was started by the developers that rewrote PHP 3.
Select OPEN, not SAVE.
It should be noted that, by default, these FTP functions are not enabled when PHP is compiled, at least on the systems that I used.
I don't seem to have this exe.
That seems to work and it's a heck of a lot easier than what I was doing.
I need those protocols!
What's memory profiling (as opposed to performance profiling)?
Also, I've found that listening to music with a fast beattempo and few lyrics sets the pace for my thinking and speeds things up. Up-tempo housetrance music works for me. I know other people who listen to speed metal, etc
Funny, I find slow tempo (trip hop, post rock) the best environmental music for when I need to be alert.
Beware - waiting on an event causes a cache flush which can mask a race condition.  It can be worth using for-loops for delays in this situation.
It is sorting using the ideas behind radix sort, which under these conditions is O(N) time and space, and we already have the O(N) space if we do it in place.
This is quite elegant - but is it mathematically provable?  The implication is that for a given m, there is only one series of length m that will result in a given combination of sum and sum-of-squares of that series.  I googled, but could find no proof or corollary reference...
Look here: http:www.code-magazine.comArticle.aspx?quickid=060113
Very good point!
Thanks, I figured that was what I was going to have to do.
He asked for the length in characters, not bytes, so the size of the character matters: `sizeof(TCHAR)` could be 1 or 2 depending on whether `UNICODE` is `define`ed somewhere.
They are, if you do the join in the thread that task3 is being run from (and different from t1 and t2).
Thank you I think this method work but Maybe Lots of work need be done.
I think checked exceptions are a good thing.  The main problem is that they're overused.  It would probably have been better to have the default be unchecked instead of checked, but there are situations where checked exceptions are useful.
Summation is needless if we can check for duplicates. In this case n==min(array), (n+m-1)==max(array) will suffice. In other words inplace-bucket-sort + min + max == solution.
1..n refers to the number of authors on a book. I should rephrase the question title. There can indeed be collaborations on books where 1 book has n authors.
I don't think that'd work. If the item is at the beginning of the list, i would = 0, and found would = false.
Bash 3.1 and greater has [[ a =~ . ]]. But inside the quotes is wrong for 3.2 and greater without shopt -s compat31.
Since items is IEnumerable, it would be much better to use Any() instead of Count().
See items 16.12, 16.14, and 38.7 in the C++ FAQ: 
you missed out something.. in your leavecurrentbalance view, you don't add in days carried forward from the last year.. or did i miss something?
Francois, In this case, Sender is an action, so the Sender as TSpeedButton raises an exception.
sixlettervariables: Where did I claim that Concat touched h? All I said was that the docs are wrong: the final value of b is a reference to the string hello, contrary to the docs.
True, older compilers may still accept the older standard. With VC++ you actually have the option to turn that onoff.
A good thing to note (the cast in foreach), but doesn't address passing the Lists of various derived types to the same function in case the function must do other things.
Umm... don't you need to have template<> on the line before struct Factorial<0> to indicate the template specialization?
Yes, you're right that dirty blocks can be written to disk before the commit occurs. This is why a SELECT statement can generate redo -- it might need to perform a delayed block cleanout.
bzlm, So even after viewing Consolas in UltraEdit and Visual Studio, you think it looks BETTER in UE?  I'm not sure what you mean by UE rendering correctly, when Consolas looks nice anywhere else I use it.  Examples?
Well, this is C++ but I get your point.  I'm using the BOOST unit testing stuff.  I could log things in the test that way, but I have no idea how to make the boost test framework log to somewhere special.
What about between Mongrel and ruby? There's CGI happening somewhere, because that's a CGI header, and if ruby wasn't being run via CGI then it'd have no reason to use that header. At any rate, my answer still stands, because the headers have become disjointed somewhere, hence the blank line and
That is wrong.  Casting to void is merely hiding the problem, not solving it.
The questioner used a collection in the example, and I just went with it. I went with an array though, because generics are not covariant or contravariant in C (at least, not yet). Whether the C implementation of an array is flawed or not, it satisfied the purpose of the example.
that will depend on what is wanted, if he wants Filename then yes you are correct however I assumed FILENAME was wanted in which case I am correct.
This looks like a great place to start. Thanks for the recommendation for John as well.
You may be legit, but unfortunately the answer to this question would also be a good answer to How do I write an effective keylogger to steal people's bank login credentials?
This is a valid response, the example provided in the question is NOT valid XML
Basically the same as what I posted, but the JOIN will probably be faster than the sub query for most cases.
I use Regionerate, and its very customizable and works pretty good.  I think the OP is looking for something that doesn't exist, however.
[continued] the performance example is a joke: optimizing a virtual method call; why would a sealed class have a virtual method in the first place since it cannot be subclassed? Finally, the SecurityPredictability argument is clearly fatuous: 'you cannot use it so it's securepredictable'. LOL!
I find this to be a much more clean solution.  Great work
...while still being incorrect and misleading. Sorry, but there are no short answers to this question - Jeffrey's is the only complete answer.
If GetItemData returns a void, you can avoid C-style casts by using a staticcast<MYTYPE> instead. :-) Some people I know are quite dogmatic about avoiding C-style casts, because they can be quite a blunt tool (can cause reinterpretcast in unintended cases, for example).
Have you been reading my code again?
added link and the name (Thomas J McCabe)
Forgot to add -- for the above it would be referencing shared objects more than anything else
Yep,
Thanks. However, I'm really looking for some way to do this on a small scale inside the application. If a customer reports lots of dropped connections, I can't tell them to ask IT to spend a day chasing it down (wouldn't that be nice, though).
Definitely use shark - it's the performance tool you've always wanted and finally have. Sherm's link is to the user's guide. Definitely go through it. The tech note 2086 is another excellent reference: http:developer.apple.comtechnotestntn2086.html
This works perfectly Dan, thanks! Ran a quick test and it will be trivial to add the additional exclusion matches.
This is nonsense. I don't think you understood the question.
How do you think the WS magic makes the request? However, I would expect a web service call to have read the whole response stream before returning, so you're right that my point should be irrelevant.
 in margin refers to size of container, not the element. You need to use absolute size there.
It appears as though the Selenium RC server is setup to handle all the commands  (i.e. for every method selenium server command getFoo, there is also assertFoo, verifyFoo waitForFoo waitForNotFoo, ...)  Not all of these commands have made it into the selenium.rb that comes with server.
Really useful link, thanks!
I disagree with you because I think tests help decreasing costs on the long term because it aid in writing better code. Its not a dogma issue is a quality issue
I'm puzzled as to why everyone's recommending Programming Windows.  It doesn't even contain any C++!
Other than the obvious it's not meant for WinForms apps, is there a reason why including System.Web. is not such a good idea?
Don't forget to override all other put methods such as putAll.
You could pass --message Commit version from d --non-interactive to svn commit. This adds a commit message and prevents any interactive questions.
I agree with the principle, but in reality almost all of the hard-to-understand bits are used frequently in real world programs - just without people really understanding them.
I hate releasing a flood of answers to one question, but you're right, the question does ask for one-command-per-answer.
No, because the this pointer will be passed as the argument by foreach. Member function pointers will handle the virtual lookup.
You can use LOD techniques to get around this.  Rendering multiple samples to the same pixel is useless unless you can zoom in and incrementally refine the data.
Just be aware that on older OS versions (Win2K and before) the LogonUser() API requires a high privilige (Act as part of the operating system).
Performance degrades really badly if your data is ever not nearly sorted though. I would still not use it, personally.
In fact I think 1 test for a class is more important than 100 tests. The first test is always the hardest, especially with legacy code, as it forces you to break the dependencies around the class so that you can get it under test in the first place.
Are you saying it is pushing the content that is already underneath bodytag further down? Or is it appearing behind the content that is already there?
Ya I think definitely not deprecated.
It also occurs to me that some nonlinear project histories might cause my script to do much more work than it needs to (this can be fixed). This might be why it took a long time to run for you. My respository is a git-svn mirror of a Subversion repository, so it's nicely linear.
I guess I should clarify that the code is not being run onunload.  It's being run onbeforeunload.  I'm not sure if onsubmit will fix the problem, but I could try it.
Good insight. Most of the docs on MSDN now indicate that these functions return a non-zero result. Thus, correctly testing it for truth in an explicit manner ends up being: if(result != FALSE). Certainly not as simple as it should be.
I would add that DreamWeaver has a code pane that allows you to ignore the WYSIWYG editor and edit the raw HTMLCSSJavascript with code highlighting.
It's interesting how universally bad peoples experiences with VSS is!
If you use an ORM like nHibernate the SQL is generated by the framework automatically behind the scenes. The developer is not required to write any SQL if they don't wish to. In my site www.jobtree.com.au the only SQL I wrote was for some nightly batch processes.
because back before hot swapping you couldn't just plug it in. you had to turn the power back off... hence no F1 could be hit 99 of the time this error happened.
D does this, just fine. http:www.digitalmars.comd
I have edited my first paragraph to be more accurate.
I didn't think that SQL Server express came with BIDS.
FWIW - your '<' example is unspecified behaviour in C++ (undefined in C), but the set is OK.  I didn't vote you down though.
Ande Turner - Ande, perhaps you could add this as an answer, below. It isn't possible to vote, etc. on comments :-)
I think this is phenomenally dangerous way to go - you always want to know about your exceptions unless there is a very good reason not too - and type conversion isn't one.  The only time I've ever done that is with the MS OpenGl DLLs which throw a know exception and you sort of have too.
The building a DateTime part is a little bit specious, but being able to build a range by doing 1.To(10) makes for very readable code IMO.
heh - i thought this looked familiar!
One criticism: the article, while good, is from 2004 and doesn't include Google Test.
By reverse, I mean process the found locations in reverse from furthest to shortest, not traverse the string from the database in reverse.
This is an example of a logical fallacy also known as the appeal to authority.  Check it out on Wikipedia.
2 hours for a single problem?  How large is your whiteboard?
Not to mention there are several DTS bugs which have been carried over to SSIS.  The inability to import CSV files with embedded quotes inside a text field for which the text delimiter is the quote character comes to mind.  Excel can do it. Access can do it. Why not SSIS?
I don't know about domain policies, gotta try to do it in another domain.
This doesn't work if the directory name has spaces in it.
Which programming language?
Why would you use Access in this situation, instead of a nice FOSS db?  To me, the appeal of Access in this situation is that it provides a front-end to the data as well.  Remove that, and there are better solutions.
This is actually the solution I went with in the end.
Cheers, I've added that to To Buy book list in the office.
I also asked the same question a while ago, so if you need anymore help there may be some here: http:stackoverflow.comquestions130447should-i-store-all-projects-in-one-repository-or-mulitiple
who on the C team were pro-sealed-class?
Love it. So Ruby-esque... and clear.
That is an important point about parameters. You don't have to worry about encapsulating strings or formatting dates and all that.
I could probably put it in the TcpSocket header and enclose it in ifdef TESTING .. endif. Good suggestion.
We're still considering doing optimizations on the database instead of splitting it up, but there are other reasons I want to do it apart from the performance. But thanks for the links, especially the last was very useful!
Thanks brother.  Why the heck was that so hard to find?
I wonder if there is a way to set environment variables inline (like in your example) when calling executables from 'cmd.exe' in Windows.
What do I write in the email to assign it to someone, how will it handle attachments?
Just looked up the MySQL syntax, it's LIMIT.
Thank you!!  Both are great ideas, I think I can work with either of those solutions to accomplish my goals.  Nice job on the XElement, I would not have thought about that (lack of knowing about that. :P).
The list object is used later and I'm not having any problems with it.   No garbage collection.  
Partially. Delphi already has function pointers. But they now can be created anonumously. See my comment.
Yes - just found that out the hard way - aren't browser incompatibilities a pain. Probably need to check out the markup for StackOverflow, as this does something similar to display the notifications about your profile.
no why would you recommend conditional statements? I try to avoid them when possible. And most of the time it is possible to make do with a valid css + html without any conditional statements. The conditional statements just look wrong to me.
I've edited my question in response to your advice
Interesting, though in the case of the datagridview, without doublebuffering, it takes 2-3 seconds to redraw the control, but with double buffering, it appears instant
Personally I like the use of implicit cast to bool. It looks like all other languages out there that iterate over lines.
Yup, simple types do not have methods.
I hadn't looked at the Wikipedia article, but it seems to have the same problem as most other optimization discussions.  It tells me what an optimization is, and how it's done, but not how much good it would do me.
That's true. I didn't think of that. +1
I know using web client works if I post to a page.  But I want to avoid that and directly transfer the file.  Is there a way to do that?
Spree seems to also have a plugin for this at http:github.comGreggspree-pp-website-standardtreemaster
That's the article I hadn't been able to find. Thanks!
Is there any way I can place the output in a string instead of printing it on the screen??
Bingo. UDP over TCP is the key. It's a fire and forget protocol that doesn't guarentee the arrival of the packets.  One thing that concerns me is that the latency may not simply be TCP waiting for ACK packages, but dropped packets causing multiple sends. UDP would be bad in the second case =)
And what is your problem, exactly? I somehow fail to see what's not working from the question text alone.
yes, it's possible. In my hierarchy I use Smart pointers to base classes of another hierarchy... The actual types of the data pointed by my smart pointers will be decided by derived classes, and deep copy is performed by virtual cloning. Default copy ctor is ok, so I have a value class.
In other words, there are warnings that I don't want to break my build. If warning breaks the build, then I can't ever check one in. If Obsolete breaks the build, then another team we depend on could unknowingly break our team's build just by adding an obsolete attribute.
By the time I get a SIGSEGV its too late. I need to know if some data is constant to know that I can safely constant fold through it. With appropriate hacks for constant mmap'ed non-constant data and the vsyscall page.
This doesn't work with NetworkServerControl.
Hmm.  I don't see those options in Tools -> Options.
Yes, with my given example the count should be two.
FWIW, I've emailed one of the RemObjects guy. We'll see how it turns out. It's definitely a bug IMO, but they might be of the opinion it's a feature.
Good luck, hopefully whoever makes something like that doesn't charge like a wounded bull. Just be aware that you can provide your own custom editors for the propertyGrid control.
This is the method that looks like it has the most flexibility.  I've already tested it and it seems to work well. The TItle is ignored and only the IDs are used.
Yes, that would be best, but unfortunatly I cannot do that :(
I would like to mention that you could use Inline::C Inline::Cpp Inline::Java
This makes complete sense
That's what I was originally trying to do. I get a failure when I make that call, however. HRESULT 0x800a03ec. I have a separate question posted here to address that one.
no i cant use scollpane. at least i cant show scroll bars... :(
This is extremely close. I have it almost working now, but there are two more small hangups which I will update the case to show. Thank you!
yes...unterminated loops of zoom. enhance.
Out of curiosity, what motivates the desire to do this?
my bad. thanks for the catch.
Having a second copy of the DLL will not help at all. Calling CoCreateinstanceEx (which the new operator in C will do behind the scenes) with different CLSID will fail, as the object class factory will fail. Calling it with the original CLSID will load the original DLL.
I'm confused, you're passing in the handle from InterntOpen not InternetOpenUrl so how could http vs https matter?
After some reading, it looks like controller itself can actually respond to these events, in which case I can do everything from the controller.
I removed the buzzword-compliance tag. Blatantly offensive, IMHO.
I often have the same thing happen, or I find I can't actually define the problem and therefore have to go away and thing about it a while longer... ultimately splitting the issue into smaller ones and in doing so finding the solutions for each. Its a good habit to get into: talking probs through.
Which part doesn't it help with? Reading the original post it looks to me like PathRelativePathTo() does what you wanted, but that's probably becuase I've misinterpred something ...
Oh yes it is somewhat buggy. If you fix it I will accept your answer.
Duncan: the logic that tells the button what to do (the 'controller' pattern) can be as generic and decoupled as you like, leaving all user-interface objects (button and page) 'thin and stupid' ;-)
I'm using g++ 4.2.4 and trying to build with `-Wall -Werror -ansi -pedantic`. I just tried building it with just -Wall and still get the warnings.
Same as normal php - it'll raise a notice (if you have notices on) and treat name as an empty string.
and in which browser?
(1) Make sure where the runtime error really occurs. since mysql.exe fails, I'd expect it's not exactly crashing on that line
Thanks for the information. I contemplated deleting this, but I think the comments might be instructional as well.
You'd build the C view into one assembly and call out to another assembly built in C++CLI. You could build your cross-platform C++ classes into the C++CLI assembly in a number of ways, eg by linking the object files as a static native library, or by compiling the source into managed code.
Sorry for replying so late, didn't notice the comments...
It seems like this is as good as it gets.
Your choice of the word healthy conjured up an image of an emergency room:  Would you like antiseptic, for an additional fee?  +1
This might work with ramdisk filesystem, but I was looking for some more advanced solution.
The problem I had earlier with power was I was trying to raise it to the power of 0.5. To this I had to write decimal.Decimal(1.2)  decimal.Decimal(0.5)
clever. I have never thought to set this compilation option on a user defined function.
Can't you get to back via the right click context menu as well? You'll have to disable that too.
DFA state transitions can be implemented as a table, yes, but a different way to implement them is implicitly via the program counter. It usually ends up being clearer and more efficient than a DFA, which are more suited to automatic generation.
This did it, thanks. I'll try to avoid using subqueries, and instead practice more with joins. It's just that subqueries are easier for me to understand at first.
Weird, I didnt know xsd could do inference too  :)  Thanks!
Using Access with multiple users when you are incompetent programing applications against the Jet databgase engine sometimes results in pain. But it's the INCOMPETENCE that is the problem, not AccessJet.
in MySQL at least, an empty string is different to NULL. Selecting and deleting the column contents sets it to be an empty string (which doesn't work at all if your column is numerical)
HTMLHelpViewer in the main project file was all that was needed, no path or anything.
What's why I started to learn Ruby. It has built in Bignum.
that wont compile - you will need an explicit cast to int.
1 and 2?  I want to make the calls in the kernel itself to remain intact, just the functions that are being called (in the kernel) to be replaced by functions defined in my module.  If that makes any sense.
Greg: print information: such and such just got defined. Would expand to (...). This is in file (...), line (...). Included from (a backtrace of includes going back to my .cc file).
Easy to read is easy to maintain.  Personally I think the original question poster is being OCD without contributing to readability.  Steve's tabbing, however, does increase the readability of the code.  The diff is irrelevant; your tools are supposed to work for you, not the other way around.
haven't seen subscription except on hosted services?
Oh, and showing the code that actually does the conversion from String to Long would be rather handy.
I believe that started as a blonde's revenge joke where the guy starting up the game thinks he can make money off the blonde.
Paul: Fair enough, a lot of people don't like that. My point was really more that, conceptually, what you're looking for here is whether there's anything in the array (if (array)) rather than the count of items it contains (if (scalar(array) != 0)).  But, as always, TIMTOWTDI.
Thank you, bobince.
+1 for pointing out the political component; modern databases employ caching strategies that mean that normalized data often outperforms unnormalized data for most queries. Profile first, denormalize later ;-)
Ofcourse you're right, in testing app i've had ExplicitCapture on for regex. So numbers of groups was just not right, diagnostic message didn't gaved me clue, so i reviewed my code and changed it, Now all works  just fine, Thanks for your help
Wow! Didn't even know that you coud use [] with  cool :)
Why would you put a Distinct in you NOT IN? Is the 5 in (1, 1, 2, 2, 3, 4, 4, 4, 4, 4)? In doesn't care if there are duplicates.
Question: Are gaps allowed? Will you want to fill them? i.e. Would you want a,d,b,c as the solution as that ensures b happens at t=6, rather than t=7?
Additional: the .location object is only available on the current window's URL, you can't do this for an arbitrary URL (e.g. one stored in a string variable)
(continued) In both cases you won't get automatic updates. With the code below (revised to Disabled) the service won't start while with the code above the service is still running, just not doing anything.
What capistrano command are you running?  capify?
sshfs does not require root on any machine.
I ended up registering the dll in the installation script at the time, but if I still wanted to do it programmatically, I think this is what I would need to do.
yup i m using asp.net & dataset for all my CURD. what should i do prevent sql injection ?
I assume that's what Magnus was referring to with the 'VS' reference above...
David:  Winston Royce, who first presented the waterfall model was presenting this model as an example of a flawed, non-working model.  Steve McConnel also criticized it in Code Complete.  That doesn't mean you can't use some modified version of it.
Scott Dorman:  flawed, non-working model is a quote from Royce's original paper where he offered up waterfall as an example of a bad methodology.
What's the Yes part of your answer?
You will almost always end up with more steps, but performed in parallel thus faster in a multi processor environment.
What operating system?
Daok: I was just following orders! ;-)
Perhaps IIS is confused because your output comes right out of the input variable? ;-)
... just making the destructor virtual doesn't mean the class will necessarily work correctly as a base class. So marking it virtual just because, instead of making that assessment, is writing a check my code can't cash.
I have seen this problem as well. Lets hope someone has a good explanation
Sorry. The settings tab is only available when using web applications.
don't work to hard.... :-)
Roll it back, then edit it again to remove the offensive vote.  Still won't make it a programming question, though.  Spamming the front page with the same question over and over, though, is offensive.
Oh so it allocates on stack ! that's marvelous :) Thanks !
Thank you! I feel so silly, spent 3 hours figuring out the CAST AS CHAR part and I don't even need the whole GROUPCONCAT. Good lesson learned, won't ever happen to me again.
a related question: http:stackoverflow.comquestions313124wpf-usercontrol-expose-actualwidth
dribeas: It's not quite that simple. 10 instructions, and then what? All your objects have magically been GC'ed? How about the overhead required to make GC possible? Objects have to store more data, making them more expensive to initialize, something has to determine when to run the GC and so on.
Sorry, is this a question?
What does JMX Implementation mean? I was talking about enabling Sun JVM jmx for monitoring with the system property com.sun.management.jmxremote
< is not just for resource access, but for ExpressionBuilders - of which ConnectionStrings, AppSettings, and Resource are included in ASP.NET. It's also trivial to write your own. http:msdn.microsoft.comen-uslibrarysystem.web.compilation.expressionbuilder.aspx
I think struts and spring and web frameworks like that use the Beans to automate some of the website building processes.  I wouldn't use beans unless you had to.
function rather than block scope, this causes not only the standard looping counter headaches but also manifests as sometimes requiring extra functions in loops just to provide closures around variables
Controller or container???
Not entirely correct. I can support multipile connections with Windows XP using a hack on the terminal services dll and a change to a registry key.
At the time, I had a rather slow Jump drive - there was a bit of sluggishness on startup and on some multi-file operations. Newer, faster drives will make this less of an issue. BTW, there are Linux distros you can configure to run off a jump drive, so you could have a whole dev environment on it!
Most teams here get things done on time so I'm looking for an edge.
This being said, I am not sure if putting all the logic in OnPaint() will fix the flicker.
Simple exec task.
Good call.  Added (it was error 282)
You only need ruby to compile your CSS.  Your deployment can be static files.  I work with the author -- everyone who touches this (designer to engineer) is just amazed at what they can suddenly do.
as long as the .findme is before the actual click, it should work fine in any markup. this specific solution works for your test code. i may be misunderstanding you, but it searches back first (looks through parents) then forward to find .findme
Why does it need to be public in the superclass?  If it's a callback method, then create an adapter class to receive the callback and hide the adapter as a private object.
Well, I was trying to use the regexp look-behind feature, not knowing it wasn't supported by javascript. However, your function is excellent for my purposes. Thanks!
NXC: however many zeroes in a gazillion.
SHSipPreference is Windows CE 3.0 and later, SIPShowIM is Windows CE OS 2.10 and later, see http:msdn.microsoft.comen-uslibraryms941818.aspx
Produces the same error.
This seems no better than using string( ws.begin(), ws.end() ) and seems to preclude using fromukstring - which I need in the 'real' application.
It also appears that lampshade has not read the answers to the previous question - points like 'use  instead of  or  have not been listened to.  Also, the tail of y'day's question talks about rereading of files.
Don't want to do a lot more, want to do what I asked without extra overhead
The 4th item on your list piqued my interest.  For things that aren't strings, it appends String.valueOf(String.valueOf(ob)). It's cheap and meets the requirements, I suppose.
Please consider editing your question - sounds like Vista may have not been the culprit but actually revealed a problem.
Yes sir, I was asking for that. I didn't know whether it was possible and what syntax to use, thank you.
What are you looking for exactly--a reduced set of latlong points that represent the data set well, a set of points near a given test point, or something else entirely?
I don't know the answer to this but it's one that bugs me as well.
Right, yep, there's your answer.
GetHostByName showing as deprecated. wound up using:
I dug into the stack trace and discovered my foolish error.  The two DataTemplates each used custom controls with very similar properties.  I had copied and pasted DependencyProperty code from custom control one to custom control two, but forgot to change the type it was registered by.
prefer PBKDF2 for saving passwords: apply the salt with HMAC and iterate
Which component are you using?
Would this work for all files and sub-folders? I tried this solution, but although the redirect is bypassed for my directory, no files are accessible within it?
a setter for a readonly field... Uh oh.
The link is just an example for something similar I was doing in flash
Joel: That doesn't really explain this particular restriction though, does it?
I linked to the docs, that should explain the syntax. As far as in a view. Sure it works there.
Thankyou so much for your replies! I am still trying to understand it though. How would I add a statement to hide the text if class 4 is used, or indeed any class with a background image?
Markus - I know that feeling well.  Glad to help.
I made the edit to my answer after talking to my prof about sharing his library here.
it's possible, and it's done just like you did it :)
I believe that code requires C 3.0, and either .NET 3.5 or .NET 2.0 with LINQBridge. .NET 3.0 doesn't provide anything useful over .NET 2.0 in this respect.
Your solution is correct, but your terminology is wrong.  1 is a backreference, not a callback.
The earlier answers are all correct, as you discovered - it would be courteous to mark the one that you think will be most helpful to later searchers of this issue accepted.
Wouldn't work, cyclic references. I.e.you can't build a.lib from a.cpp before building b.lib from b.cpp, but you can't build b.lib before a.lib either.
We fixed the typo. Note that in addition to the firstSteps and firstResource pages supposed to get you started quickly, there is a more detailled Tutorial that will walk you through the various concepts of REST and Restlet:
Tests based on a test database can still fail due to networking issues, unless you were referring to a in-memory database.
I appreciate you taking the time to explain why eval'd functions are bad in general.
Definitely.  There are currently only two programmers working on .NET stuff right now, but I've setup a build server for this specific purpose.  Whenever either of us checks in new code to Subversion, the build executes and gets tested.
Also when an exception comes from the database it must be catched somewhere and the problem persists.
doofledorfer - Can't wait to see it. Would you first get the latest, then the next latest with a subquery and the third latest with a subquery in a subquery? That's what I didn't want in my original program.
This doesn't avoid looping, just avoids you writing the loop.
Luckilly Tim C had a better solution. ;)
You don't want the code to make assumptions about where it is in the system's filesystem.
Thank you! But I'm a little confused by what MSDN says. Can you explain a little more?
That's a good point about maintaining the sum, especially if you can defer the averaging until you summed ALL the numbers.
So you would say that using Table Parameters and creating a custom Data Table with a 1 -> N amount of names and use this to a stored procedure would be good? Im gonna try this out!
I just checked Alfresco, docs and their source. I am sorry but it cannot help me. It does use POI, HSSF and POIFS. It only support very limited source and target mMimetype(e.g. .MSG only can extract .TXT). Too many information will be lost.
Note that w (letters + numbers) leaves out valid characters. RFC1738 says that only alphanumerics, the special characters -.+!'(),, and reserved characters used for their reserved purposes may be used unencoded within a URL: i.e. just about anything can appear in a URL
Anything in the event log?
Did you file a bug? I suspect others can be affected too.
Very, very helpful. A great explanation in plain English. Thank you!
Can you add some code that we can look at?
ahhh. Didn't make the connection of the const returning the function. Thanks for the explanation.
Please explain what does ...but that doesn't work mean.
for some reason when I tired that I still got an error. But you were right about the  being PHP's escape character.
Thanks for the very informative response
For security reason PING is one of the services that blocked at our network boundary -- along with a variety of other ports.  If available this is a good mechanism, but you'd have to know if it was going to work first and that it won't be turned off in the future.
It is polite to leave a comment if you downvote. There is nothing wrong with this solution.
Yes, I understand but this is not clue. I need to know how put something like criteria into where when I call session.Update(). Eg.: UPDATE TaskEvent SET ... WHERE ID = ID  how to add here some criteria
Unless you change to use some other data type the best you can get is 24 or 53 digits of precision using either 32- or 64-bit floating point arithmetic.  For more info see http:en.wikipedia.orgwikiIEEE754.
That is a great idea. I basically abstracted it down to the viewengine level to make it transparent to my controllers.
Cheers. Guess I need a framework that's nicely tied with the jquery validate for server side now.
Uh, isn't that using 32-bit constants, in the first example? Confusing.
yes, performance on my server (I'm sure google could manage it!). I'm expecting an initail spike as the new pages are indexed - but you don't think this will happen? thanks :)
edit your previous instead of adding more....
see linqish version above.  it's shorter.
Note that main returns int. Always. It never returns void.
Booleans are generally not one bit in size.
The browser should be fine....so long as they have a decent internet connection. If you use XmlHttpRequest you can have more control over the User Experience since the request is made while the page is still active (Your not navigating pages) You could do please wait boxes for example....
Added a Bohrbug tag.  http:en.wikipedia.orgwikiUnusualsoftwarebugBohrbug
Really?  Most successful approaches that I have read about haven't used Neural Networks.  Yes, they've used some kind of training, but I think that calling them neural networks is a red herring.
Good suggestion, I wouldnt have thought of that
Corrected - damn yanks with there silly spelling ;)
I agree that the migration issue is an SO issue and not an OID issue. Although I have no idea how easy OID makes such a migration. My comments were just to point out that multiple potential hosts does not inherently equate to reliability.
Got it. Thank you again, very much. I googled the crap out of this and then you answered me in a matter of minutes. I appreciate it.
Note for the downvoter: There was no mention of compile-time restrictions on lookups when I posted this question. Hash-Maps are a perfectly valid suggestion.
Is your update panel set for conditional refresh?? You may want to trace the prominent events in your control's life cycle. As you have said the problems begin when you use update panel.
1. It depends what kind of hooks did you generate in your snippet. Custom attributes + dojo.query() can do wonders. 2. If you don't have JS on the client --- what kind of code duplication are we talking about? On the server?
Some implementations of hash tables put things with the same hashes (not keys) in the same bucket.  Besides that, I'm suggesting a custom hash table.
Yeap. This would be the only reason. If you want to mix up different types of data using generics won't do. For instance mixing ... mmhh ... Strings and Employees in the same place ( why would you do that, I don't know )
Yea the old AVM1 was really a pleasure and a treat to debug heh
That said, if there is absolutely no need for changing protocol at run time, and the system needs to be designed with a pay for what you use philosophy, policy based design seems warranted.
I agree, it's generally beginners or people who don't name their variables nicely who prefer the longer version.
you do realize that now programmers around the world are going to make that same 'casing' mistake :)  (thanks!)
Sounds like a bit of work, but I suppose that'll do.  I'll just have to play around with it.
Thanks, but I don't understand the line 
Clear, simple and efficient. Nice :-)
Unniloct I agree!
I get the exception ArgumentException : The 'Host' header cannot be modified directly. Parameter name: name. I presume that it is read only in the HttpWebRequest class
Just make sure the trigger can handle multiple record inserts.
it's a good control, and if the links were clickable then it would be just what I wanted. But it puts all the text in runs. And they aren't clickable. See comments in the question.
I always argue the case that consistency is more important than actual style, why should we make an exception only in the case of usings?
I figured as much :)
You should probably include that they did not allow it by default.  They did allow it if you modified the security policies.
olaeld: thanks, i was curious if i had been 'scrubbed' from the corporate memory ;-) (I also wrote the C code behind the dataset class, which is part of the runtime. I worked with a fine bunch of fellows at Data Access in the early 1990s!)
You're assuming I knew what De Morgan's law was :)
Do you have any idea how much effect this would have? How can you say probably? How probable? How much effort should they spend? How would they weigh whether it's a good idea? It sounds a lot like try this, try that.
My sample query above takes 70 seconds, where a query where ID >= [somevalue] takes ~2 seconds. ID, the PK, is the CLUSTERED index.  In production, queries are slightly more complex and are taking several minutes to complete.  I already know some query optimizations I can make there once I get this.
I just tried repacking.  No luck.  For now I'm moving on to the fresh git svn clone.  Thanks for the suggestions.
LinkedHashSet keeps it in order.  That may optimize it further.
I think your solution is the best approach (chaning the processing code) unfortunatly in this situation its not an option.
Taken from json.org: The eval function is very fast. However, it can compile and execute any JavaScript program, so there can be security issues. The use of eval is indicated when the source is trusted and competent. It is much safer to use a JSON parser
See my answer for a slightly cleaner query
Yeah the same is right for the name of the Getter ;) I prefer not, but I think in some occasion it's not that much evil to do it ;)
Why do you want a regexp? Perhaps there another way to solve this.
As to the second point, given the amount of classes, the benefit is cancelled by the fact that we're loading way more than neccessary. Also, it's really inconvenient to rebuild it every time you want to deploy something.
thanks for the recommendation
Jon Skeet is ideal, it's idealism which is imperfect :P
Thanks! Although it is a heavyweight Java solution, it seems to be very close to what I need :)
A beefier machine will not help.  OOM's are generated regardless of the underlying hardware.  Memory is a virtual limitation.  The only hardware part that would make a difference is 64 bit machine vs. 32 bit machine.
I know, but try telling that to users :)
At the cost of compiling time: if you change just one line of your library you will have to compile it completely.
Would love to hear more about the ways you extended L2S
Convention - So?  Extensibility - not all that much easier at all.  Knowing the caller - Can be useful, in which case it can be an argument (strongly typed) it should not be mandatory.  It just seems like this exist because at the time they invented it there were no generics
jensen One more question; is there a way to make it only work for https:
I don't understand your comment about FileInputStream vs FileReader. In both cases you need to close the resource after finishing with it. The only difference is that a stream deals with binary data and a Reader deals with text.
mmm.. Thanks, I'll try looking at Drupal first, then CMSMS. By the way, which one is more easy to pick up ?
Wouldn't you need to make sure you put the record on the heap instead of the stack?  If it is on the stack then it will be stale when it goes out of scope.
Only problem with There should be one-- and preferably only one --obvious way to do it. The obvious way depends a lot of the way you think about the problem. That is imperative versus functional.
S.Lott: I'm not suggesting that anyone should attempt to build a web-app in awk, but to say they should never be used is a bit outrageous. For a simple s&r andor tweak (especially to a delimited text file), perl -e or python -c is never going to be as efficient as a sedawk one-liner.
Ok - not that then :-(
it doesn't look like you are a non-english speaker :)
No, TIMEWAIT is after socket is closed() on the local end. I asked about state before closing() the descriptor.
onebyone: By definition there's always one pair of numbers that solve the problem
This works but performance will degrade when the row count rises.
Martin - the GNU docs you (and Dave Delaney) pointed to indicate that on some systems, GNU ld will not handle automatic template instantiation.  Does this just mean that explicit instantiation is required to avoid multiply-defined symbols on those platforms?
Good catch on the groupdomain parameter. Actually that was part of some code that was unrelated to the problem that I only half deleted (oops, fixed now) it allowed me to pass in the OU for the group.
It is; but there's no plug-compatible replacement for it (yet - there's at least one SourceForge project in the early stages for a VS plug-in, interestingly. I'm the type that by nature would ignore my own evangelism for it, but it is in fact a big step beyond ERD.
Thanks, but why is it that typeof number2 indicates it's a string and not an object?
I don't want to go into details about it, but the reason why they are in this configuration isn't because they don't know each other, its because they have to be to avoid circular references.  While they don't directly interact with each other, I want to document their interaction in the comments.
Yeah its definitely a halting problem
Thanks, makes good sense, it fits with what i saw in Reflector. I guess i hoped that the Response.Write-effect was just a consequence of how i used it, and not the way was made to work.
Happy to help.  Build issues are annoying and quite deflating.
...the actual element of the anchor tag...
OK cool, (?<Key>[w]2):(?<Value>.+?)(?=([w]2:)) in explicit capture mode gives me exactly what I want. Thanks Adam!
mh I cannot match the line numbers with the ones in your code.
There are times when you need to show the prompt each time user navigates away from the page, this could be the case. For example if the page manages some list where you put elements and have to save them in the end, you could show Are you sure you want to exit, you changes are not saved message.
yes, thanks. I will check if this option is viable with my current requirements :)
That's true. I can't use LINQ, though. ;)
Yeah I wanted a short delay between each method call.
Hey scunliffe, I think you've hit the problem.  I found this (http:aplus.rslabz-pos) that shows the problem on IE.  Since the blanket is in the DOM after my control, it screws up the z-index stacking.
The background images I need to print are crucial as they are bars in a chart. I think my best solution will be to generate the bars as a server side image, rather than construct it with html.
Even more funny because the guy actually thought it was real.
Nice!  There actually is a use for it.
Good point, I fixed the type...though 'of' maybe works as well, since Steve probably would have built the highway in the first place...
To soulmerge, The good thing I found here, is no obvious use of char and String. I said 'obvious' because I haven't checked BigInteger source. To Bombe, good point. I agree. Thanks.
What do you mean with inheritance, there is no connection between inheritance and reading strings, at least no obvious relation I can think of
Unfortunately that didn't do it
Sorry - yes browser extensions.  What do you mean by try to figure out what the user searched for?  Sidestep definitely knows what people searched for on the travel sites because their searches are based on what the user searched for.  And I know they aren't getting direct connect from all of them
lol, exactly. :)
I really can't believe so many people are missing this. I guess those crazy IEEE floats have confused people about how numbers work!
Never thought of using with with a literal, seems legit.
Note: TenebrousX's answer is more or less the same, but if we were playing golf I won.
I believe the same holds true for all other python types.  It sounds to me like someone wants C not Python
No, Application.ThreadException is explicitly for UI threads. However, if you need Compact Framework support you're out of luck :(
no, I haven't. Will try what you say. But how about enumerating several parameters?
If it s possible I would prefer to solve it with java.
A learning process can be quite long, with lots of back-and-forth, restarts and false starts, so I would recommend a twofold approach: use something like DNN to get the site out there with all the features you mentioned, and then once everyone is happy go work on a homebrewed v2, with your own code.
You probably want to clarify what you're really wanting to do. A 1 line question isn't good for a good answer
annakata, thanks for the reply.
Hell, +1 for the diagrams alone.
hi
do you have a link for that VS2010 info?
You could probably run it in Classic, but it wasn't ever ported to OSX.  (I moved from MacOS 9 to an Intel Mac Mini, and never did use Classic.)
Now, that could work, it would just take up a lot more vertical space.
Ates Goral: The results should be exactly the same - !! is merely more concise.
I'm told that !! is more efficient in C, so perhaps it is in JS too, otherwise yes just conciseness
you might want to indicate what you have tried so far, so the answers are not redundant.
Oh, the irony. :)
Oh, that's a dangerous temptation.
Actually, to be precise, this will block all legitimate bots from crawling the site.  Malicious ones will still attempt to do so, just in case that matters.
I cannot really solve the halting problem anyway, is a nice understatement :)
Addendum: Chapter 9.6 does discuss multiple variables but it is exactly the sort of thing that has given me trouble elsewhere: a bunch of linear algebra with not enough hints about how to translate a real problem into matrices.
I don't have a link handy, but Phil Haack did an article a couple of weeks ago on his site showing how you can even run them side by side.
Think of a Perl XS module. It needs to use low-level Perl functions (say newSViv() to create an SV from an integer); it is convenient if the module uses the newSViv() function from Perl, rather than embedding its own copy in the module's shared object. Also, the code needs the standard C library.
This user seems to be re-asking the same or similar questions repeatedly: http:stackoverflow.comusers41625meyahoocomaodzxyowykprbavs5sf701zowgzpc3svjv8
Sure. How could I possibly get best answer without ever getting voted up by anybody? Just curious...
Thanks Yobi21, this works fine in Firefox but it's not supported by IE
well but i think i'll change this to return a sharedptr, but for the statically allocated object (singleton), we use a no-op deleter. that's listed as an explicit usecase for a custom deleter
Didn't work. Interfaces cannot declare types :(
hmmm... you're right.  I missed that detail.
<3 valgrind. But yes, a tool, not a complete solution.
Check the edit on the question, if you will... thanks!
So this would actually result in the XUL file being a configuration file enabling or disabling fields?
I'm still not seeing the difference.
re: 'pick any metric you like'. That was the point of the question to get examples of metrics other people have found useful.
As an additional comment. Most of the times it is better to re-use existing exceptions that create a new one.
Ahmed - I think you mean real-time data, but the software is not real-time.  Real-time has a meaning that I don't think is applicable.  It sounds as though youa re talking about a market data feed with low latency.
Whoops - you're right! That shows you how long it is since I needed to use MP ints. I'll fix that now.
In this case it is not a bug.  The user entered data that violates a database constraint.  I need to give them the correct information so that they can correct what they entered and try again.  This is more of a validation issue not an error.
No, I'm saying there are a zillion existing macro processors.  Do you actually have something you want to do, or are you just saying the C preprocessor isn't sufficiently wonderful?
Roddy: Great question. I have no idea.  I still like the 'plzsendtehcodez' tag.
In addition, if code is occupying fewer overall lines, then more of the code is visible in one screenful, which can sometimes aid comprehension.
+1 for an excellent example of the right way to ask a homework-related question
See below my version if your code, some minor changes to suit my needs. Thanks!
ditto, and i am amazed how often, i get a different result set than expected.
Gili -- don't use POST to GET an image.  Use GET.  Use PUT to update an image.  Use DELETE to delete an image.  All four HTTP methods are used.  Not simply POST.
can you give some samples that how to use a separate class to  store data? in my case, the global variables in page only use in the current page,not others.
Greg Dean: I know... This is my flaw (among others), as far as my own managers are concerned. Anyway, the titles I used are there to cut the text into smaller parts. For example, if your interested in the ProjectCareer related reasons, then you can avoid the whole text... ^^ ...
The nested private class in the PImpl pattern means the user will see the implementation class, even if it is not accessible. Having a simple forward declaration will only declare the name, and nothing else. You'll be able to define fully the implementation elsewhere (hidden from the user)... ^^ ..
Exponential complexity.  Not polynomial.
Yes, but again, a BitVector is not tied to an implementation. The algorithm is the same. You may need to use a LargeNumber class in most (non-lispish) languages.
I think mono still requires mscorlib at runtime (I could be wrong). Assembly name is a part of clr type identity. System.Object in mscorlib.dll is a different type than System.Obect in foo.dll. A program can't run without Object.
Not programming related.
Just to be clear I think that you example probably should generate a compile error, while for the example posted in the question I still stand strong on my last comment :)
Thank you for your explanation Borgar! :)
The link I supplied to SimpleJdbcCall shows how to do it.  I suggest it because I recently had to expose a set of legacy stored procs.   I tried both the subclass and SimpleJdbcCall and preferred the latter.  Purely subjective.
OK, how about SELECT lastinsertid(); at the end?
It would be easier to guess an auto-incrementing number as it is likely to be low.
I took the freedom to format the question to match Jon's answer.
This is many-to-many to itself. How can I apply inverse to this problem? Could you give me an example? According to what Hibernate.org said, I think Inverse doesn't apply to Set. Too bad.
Ah, in that case I'm afraid I certainly can't help. It's probably worth looking at the shoe-specific mailing lists...
In addition to Jon's article, I also recommend reading What Every Computer Scientist Should Know About Floating-Point Arithmetic. A copy is available on http:docs.sun.comsource806-3568ncggoldberg.html.
So where is a good source of info for someone looks to start with SQLite - and use it specifically with MS Visual C Express??
You ARE using HQL when you use Criteria, because it uses HQL behind the scenes: http:www.developer.comjavaentarticle.php3322131
I agree with Arkadiy: AFAIK, a POD can contain PODs andor built-in types.
Mark this as the answer, as its 100 correct.
Daniel: yeah, busy cursors only indicate activity
If you want dependency management and artifact management, look at Ivy. It took maven's good ideas, and brought them to ant.
Hmmm... possibly. Not sure. See if you can find an explanation of what files are used for what purpose somewhere in the manual. Possibly reindexing?
I often mistype it as `slef` and I get errors because `self` is undeclared
Sorry, I actually went to http:openjdk.java.netprojectsnio and tried to find my way from there. I'll check this link again. Thanks.
No it doesn't.  This does a simple reference comparison.  More info here:
Can't agree more. Code review and well defince coding standards should do the work.
Because Func<TResult> is what you want to be able to pass into DoSomething. The idea is that the Curry method should take a function which takes some parameters, as well as values for those parameters, and return a function which takes fewer parameters (0 in this case).
time->localtime->tzoffset AFAICT returns the offset for the current time, not the given time.
It's not been considered and it feels unsafe since it makes the application less portable, right?
RDBMS has cache, ORM has cache, server-side HTML has cache, browser has cache.  Yes, there's caching almost everywhere.  There can't be a single caching layer, however, since there are so many different things to cache.
Because it makes no sense and is confusing on some uses. Nonetheless it can be useful when working with immutable objects.
SP's are not evil, but is just another part of a project you have to maintain, debug and fix. I prefer doing this on the code and keep a closer control over it.
You should put this sort of thing in as an edit to your question, rather than as an answer.
Kendall: Sounds nice.  It's hard, though, because you have to be able to specify the exact formatting of every possible bit of code, including code that isn't legal in the language!
I edited my original response to show a way to filter on a single space.  Hope this helps.
What platform? Can you post full stack tracelog entries? When you restart it, do you mean the app or the db?
Grauenwolf, IMO if you're doing things correctly there is no reason for why. Why is for crappy hacks and workarounds.
That's a good API call you can use to make a guess but there can be non-service apps running in session 0 as well as services.
Ben - that was completely tongue in cheek, I don't hate their software. I don't personally prefer it, but it isn't horrible.
SQLPrompt is great by the way.
I fixed the errors
Using this in Henrik's Sigmoid1Sigmoid2 post offers a ~50 improvement (900ms vs 500ms). Haven't checked accuracy though.
But these should also always be duplicated in the business logic layer, because it is business logic too. And maybe another UI might get used on that same logic. (See comment to answer by Ramesh Soni)
I might want to move where the ConfigurationException is thrown, though...
Even watching how they manually complete a process in order to come up with a prototype program to do the same job is better than asking. :)
I appreciate the correction :) and deleted my wrong answer.  I thought synchronized was part of the method contract.  See http:www.javapractices.comtopicTopicAction.do?Id=67
This just shouldn't be a CW post.  It's not a real question because Vinko probably already knows the answer.  But it's still real in that it's about programming and people can google for it and such.
Brian: Depending on what you are doing, CPU utilization is going to be high.  I don't know what the stored proc was doing, so I can't say whether or not it was normal, or it could have been improved to not utilize so much CPU.
Shouldn't this be made a community wiki?
I would normally do console.log() of course, but I didn't want to assume Firebug.
Alex: Yes
To be fair though, there isn't much that would take one month in C that would take only one day in Java that only takes 0.05 seconds to execute (i.e. small program).
Thinking of data as purely additive and recording events is very powerful.  Some how accountants have known this for years...
I have enough data (800,000 rows or so) and it's easy enough to switch this from creating a temp table at the start or using a UDF (built already) that I can test both ways to see which is faster.
How would you phrase my question then? :)
-1: This is a massive memory leak.  You need to free the s1 pointer if and only if it wasn't malloc-ed by you in the first place (which makes the code more horrible if you have a const char  starting value).
Compare http:jira.codehaus.orgbrowseMNG-1012
In fact, my workstation has its own Virtual Server 2005 installation to run its own group of virtual machines. But those machines are different from the ones I run on the server.
well that's true! i did put it in load to see what happens. but before that i had an exception thrown in a different part of code, long after load. i didn't have the try catch block then but a had the UnhandledException handler and it wasn't fired as well.
This is the correct answer to the 2nd question.
Only if they don't change them back when they're done.  In Windows XP, at least, it's easy enough.
Why, why, why do you explicitly warn to always specify the encoding and then explicitly pick the worst one available? Using Latin1, you're setting yourself up for very subtle bugs (it seems especially pointless when you can use UTF-8 just as easily).+1 for specify encoding, -2 for latin1
Or if you work on a team of developers and didn't personally write the code you are relying on.  I think that is a fairly common scenario for most developers.
Care to qualify that downvote?
I'm pretty sure that VB won't let you do that (the naming thing). Very odd about the downvote - I know it wasn't you, since (as you say) not enough rep to vote yet! I must have annoyed somebody in the past... gotta love vendetta voting. Never mind ;-p If it fixes the problem, click the tick ;-p
Cheers dude, whitespace it was. Big fun!
Unfortunately this is not the answer to the question I am asking. parallel-junit only runs within a single test class. TestNG also only runs within a single class, and my tests are not TestNG tests.
I'm not sure what it is trying to do. You don't need a CDATA section, HTML encoding doesn't work inside a CDATA section, and neither HtmlEncode nor HtmlDecode do anything special with Unicode characters. Don't do any of this, just use UTF-8 and spit the HtmlEncoded output directly into the page.
I tried just this, but it caused xmlDocument.Load to throw an 'Object reference not set to an instance of an object' exception.. :(
checked with reflector, ldnull, ldarg.1, ceq, ldc.i4.0, ceq compared to ldarg.1, ldnull, ceq, ldc.i4.0, ceq
I already removed it. :)
Thanks, that was exactly what I was looking for
All 3 are good answers. I'd probably use a class rather than the id match, but that isn't important to the point of the answer. Thanks again.
svnsync has MAJOR restrictions on its use.  For instance, the one being synced to is a read-only mirror.  You cannot commit things to it directly or you'll break it.
RSA not a good idea: see http:stackoverflow.comquestions228783what-are-the-rules-about-using-an-underscore-in-a-c-identifier228797
You mean marker1 is always on a line of it's own?
That's a good idea. They'll probably be a lot more helpful than others. Thanks for your input!
Thanks -o was what I needed... I overlooked this in the manual.
Thanks Jon. BTW, is there something that you don't know in .NET? :) Who do you go to when you have questions?
It is so well hidden because it is such a good product, and they make their money off of selling the commercial version.
For those who aren't .NET gurus DTO = Data Transfer object and POCO is Plain Old CLR Object (source Wikipedia).
-1 because the solution is more painful than the problem.  Wrapping every reference just obfuscates the code.
Uh... isn't that what I said? I always assumed that was because of accessing via http: with Apache, which seems like it would have to be slower than accessing via svn:, which is native TCPIP.
I don't use mutex while reading the critical section because I open the stream non exclusively using FileAccess.Read, FileShare.ReadWrite. And I guess I forget to mention that dirty read is okay. I'll edit the question.
awesome example with the oxite, should add a link to it in the answer as a sample
kdgregory: Ideally there must be some established mechanism to store the standard schemas locally and to periodically (say, just daily) refresh them from the standard source. Also, an uri-resolver will ensure any external reference is served locally. It would be good to have a W3C spec for that.
He admits himself that the raytracer is not efficient, he seems to do it more as an exercise rather than to create a good raytracer.
I agree clear communication is important. But grammar is secondary.  Some people have poor grammar but can communicate clearly (I'm thinking of some non-native English speakers) and some people have perfect grammar but can hardly communicate at all.
As with editing a manuscript: leave it alone for a week and look at it again with fresh eyes, you find that you can catch many more of you won mistakes...
Virtualization was implemented on VMCMS in 1972.  What do you mean by the modular PC?
Fair enough. If you make it work, then more power to you.
Yeah, I've tried running my VMs directly from my notebook drive but unfortunately it was noticably slower - especially when compiling. I am seriously considering buying a fast USBESATA memory stick and just running my VMs from there. This is the one I'm looking at http:www.kanguru.comeflash.html
extern C makes sure the function uses the C ABI. This is well defined and standard everywhere. The C++ ABI is deliberately not defined. The implementation is allowed to define an ABI as efficiently as possible, (this means parameters can be passed in registers instead of the stack)
I know it is taken literally from documentation but I'd change the order of parameters: `grouper(iterable, chunksize)` and `iziplongest(args, fillvalue=fillvalue)`
It will solve it, but not because the problem with the ASP.NET lifecycle.  The problem is that the inputs have no names and so never get submitted by the client with the form.
The word thing isn't defined very well
sounds good - which reference should I add to do that in a WinApp?
If you load it to a file share, you may have to deal with code security. I know that you can change the permissions of the share to allow the assembly to run. Or you could have the VBA copy the assembly to a safe place.  I would personally use the copy option.
I was just going to submit this. This is probably your only alternative if you don't have access to the management port or can swap in a new router. Be warned that most would consider this hackingcracking and might not look too kindly on it.
I'm trying to write a parser for sentences that start with a given command like dothis and then have a few parameters after them, depending on the command.  I have written out the DFA with all of the states, but I am looking for a tool that I can use to translate to REGEXP.
Do you want CityName and PostCode in one column or in two separate columns?
Is there any other way to do this
Depending on the transaction isolation level and amount of data shared between clients, this could lead to some pretty nasty locking issues.
wow, you are right. Query costs 44 instead of 56. Thanks a lot!
A FULL OUTER join returns all rows from BOTH tables, with NULLs for any columns from a table that does not match the join criteria. Sort of like a LEFT OUTER JOIN and a RIGHT OUTER JOIN combined.
That works beautifully, and doesn't have the extra part that Diadistis' has, so I'll mark this as accepted. Thank you!
True on the less than 40 bits part, my mistake.  However, encryption primes iirc are usually 512 bits each (1024 bits total for the resulting key).  You use two, multiply them, and get a semi-prime (a number with only two prime factors).
Yeah, that's a good idea.  Value isn't a value; that's the whole point!
however, I have another bug in my program now. it takes it 8.5 secs with the number 60085147514311, correct result. then it takes it 4.5 secs with 60085147514313, but then it doesn't give me the correct result. I get [3] when I should get [3, 20028382504771].
Ok that makes sense.  Thanks!
Serialization adds constraints and potential problems since structure compatibility is not insured. IMHO, It is good that it is off by default.
As someone using VSTO now under Visual Studio 2008.... I would wait for VS2010 and NoPIA. Stick with the VBA for now.
wxWidgets uses this pattern or very similar for doing internal wxRTTI.  You add a new widget, you don't have to change the wxRTTI to know about your widget because the static inheritance does it for you. you can the create a control by id.
Thanks for all the edits!
Ah thanks PEZ, i have had a look at alot of different algorithms for solving this and im sure i am close... (we can only hope)
I can not see a deadlock situation here...
Thanks about the answer. I will definately take a deeper look at WPF.
what's your question?
Thanks, I'm marking your answer as the accepted answer because the link provides some alternatives. I found that attaching the script to the page is really the best solution for what I need.
Single quotes are not perfectly legal in XHTML.
Incidentally, I messaged Adam Rosenfield off-site, and thought some of you would like to know.  From the standpoint of theory, there do exist algorithms that have all good three qualities.  See http:portal.acm.orgcitation.cfm?id=892042 and http:www.springerlink.comcontentbx6d9xv8p6w3d3p4
Why would you want to communicate over an external port when the two apps are on the same system? This question doesnt make any sense.
My personal feeling is that the ability to merge code files should be a skill all programmers need, like all programmers need to know how to compile their code. It's part of what we do as a byproduct of using source control.
It doesn t matter whether it s in a iframe. It s HTML. You have to encode special characters like  & . There s not a real need for discussion. Also, if you experience problems I m very sure it s not because  &  has been encoded.
good comment Marc, I agree that GetUnderlyingType would be a better solution.
Meidan, I explicitly called out that this is a single pattern anwser
NB: The W3C says that the use of a leading '-' or '' should be reserved for vendor-specific CSS extensions (e.g., -moz classes implemented by Mozilla browsers).
I static field will persist across page views?
You're right, the example is weak because the FastMM-specific problem wouldn't occur there. 
If you don't that's really weird as the behaviour will differ depending on whether newIndex is less or greater than oldIndex. That's a bug waiting to happen imo.
The 404 issue was fixed (had to restart the server).  I am getting a database error.  It seems roller will pull all the data from the properties file except for the connection URL (i did a straight copy from the documentation as well).
Thanx everyone - matter is solved! I think I did pretty good :)
Yes, clearly it should be a javadoc comment :-)
I don't belive that's what I'm looking for.  Aspose.Pdf.Kit seems to be output only.  Can you be more specific?
I do use a permanent URL to link to a specific post; I'm just wondering about the pagingbrowsing aspect of the application.
He said he was on Java 1.5 already, and I think the rich set of concurrent tools for thread pools and task management was probably referring to java.util.concurrent. But the book is definitely a valid point.
BaileyObjects.dll     ............ Sorry had to take the dog for a walk so took a while to reply.
Dr. Norvig provided a toy example of the concept; it's not nearly accurate enough to provide 'did you mean' for web. For example: barak does not produce a suggestion; barak obama does (since they know barack occurs often with obama, and can infer the likely correction
Note:  This does not work on tree cell text, since it is not really part of a DOM element
It's not spam.  Sorry about the link -- didn't realize that was a no-no.
Do be careful to check which version of POSIX you're allowed to code to.  2008 - which I gave the refs to - is quite new and not all functions are necessarily available everywhere.  You might decide to write covers for some new functions, but you won't be able to that for some so don't use them.
ORDER BY rand() will not do what you expect it to, as proven by SELECT , rand() FROM employee ORDER BY RAND(). Instead, use ORDER BY newid().
Um...I guess technically I answered all his points, but your answer also added value by making extremely valid additional points. I guess this is the problem with SO's one answer only approach. I'd at least hoped he'd have given u an upvote, the that's there is mine.
Can you provide some details on how did you configure Subversion hosted on DreamHost to talk to FogBugz On Demand? I have a similar setup, but can't figure out wherehow to place those files within the Subversion repository...
Yes, that's correct. In fact I have another method in the Bar class that's not virtual and it's calling Bar. It's this method that I am testing and I want to mock the call to Bar.
Beware of non-SharePoint developers giving generic guidance - the rules are different in SharePoint because some SPSiteSPWeb objects are considered owned by the framework and should not be disposed by custom code. dp's code below is correct.
Yes right, that would be even a cleaner solution.
use a local variable to cache the value of MyCallC() before passing it in to APICAllIDontHaveTheCode
Well, that's a 1d array for a start, but I'm not going to mod you down since I didn't understand the question.
Fixed now. Seems it has to be dataarray[0], too.
The question is tagged with C.
Agreed - thanks Marc. Edited out.
Are you trying to commit to the SVN server and preserve the commit logs or just push the data into SVN in one big Initial Commit?
please indicate which language
That won't even compile; the example is probably closer to the problem-zone if you make everything static (otherwise the deference could stop the optimization, if the JIT does it).
Of course don't forget that parsing every HTML page with the PHP engine is a minor slowdown, but probably not one you'd ever notice.
oops, typo: memfn is part of boost, however std::memfun is part of the STL.
What's wrong with the existing solution, e.g spreadsheets?
MMUs were probably more significant than C++ in the change.
Thanks for the clarification, I removed the suggestion to try LGPL from my answer.
Why did that get any down votes? This IS a problem and you need to store the keys somewhere. But even with that issue resolved, how do you keep miscreants from inserting a warn password in your code?
Well, not any language - VB uses ^ for exponentiation.
What I really need is whether a field value matches its default value. Even if I put together a stored proc to return True or False, that'd be fine, but it's just being able to get the value from a field and table name that are variables, into another variable, that I'm having difficulty with.
Thanks Tom.  It is my intention to target the CLR initially.  I will add a note to the question.
contrary to propaganda; CLR is heavily targeted to a subset of languages, mostly imperative.  anything far enough from C, Java, Python, and you'll be missing interesting features best done at low level.  ie: continuations, or even closures are non-optimal.
I don't think that -1 is your problem.  I think your problem is that FINDSTRING(trackingCode,~~,1) is returning 0 because it's not finding your search string.
Thanks - yep, fair point.
Oooh, I like EntryPoint. Program just seems ambiguous to me, outside of knowing that Visual Studio uses the name by default.
I agree that all UCs are view-implementation-specific, but also feel that they need their own Presenter or Model, depending on what the UC's meant to do. A Navigation panel may have Presenter logic rather than a Model; a Zip code certainly lookup needs a Model.
What compiler, linker and platform (development and target) are you using?
Fuzzbone - the article spends a bit too much time reviewing the Viet Nam war but it is right on target.  That is an excellent reference...thanks!
Simon: It will be a nice addon to teams in the Design world, cause they tend to buy the Adobe Suites (version Cue only comes in a Suite).
Yeah WELC is the standard for people in your situation. I've found that cutting my teeth on personal projects helps bring you upto speed.
This is mostly due to a flaw in ghoseb's solution - it's actually O(n2), so will perform worse than O(n lg(n)) sort.  An O(n) merge will probably be faster than sorting, at least for sufficiently large input list (sort may well beat it for short lists).
You don't have to go the big bang approach for a regression suite. You should have some form of automated testing to which you can add tests to gradually. Even if you only add one per bug fixed, at least that's better than nothing and that bug won't manifest itself again without you catching it.
What I thought I said, but I agree in any case. But I'm not sure I agree with the disparaging comment about how little value-add it provides.
Do you have any suggestions on how to do that?
thanks!  your second table should be database, right?  no option for CSV instead of TSV that you know of?
If you can't proceed without loading the file, why load it asynchronously?
So i just create a class?
But VisualSVN doesn't follow this model of enabling (Tools->Options->Source Control) as it is not a real SCC provider.
Agreed, SourceSafe (SourceThief) is awful.  In most cases I'd go with SVN but I do hear great things about Git
That'll let us know if there's a problem in the way you have stuff set up or a problem with your service.  Know what I mean?
... but MusiGenesis, of course the off event is separate, because your MIDI keyboard has to send out the on event before you release the note, which might not be for quite some time. But I agree the MIDI standard is hardly what we would create now given the chance to start over.
FileStream! It throws an ArgumentException in its constructor if you pass in an invalid path. I will amend my answer accordingly.
If there's a loss of precision it's extremely important that the user knows about it.  These figures are generally very important unfortunately.
Yea the expression was wrong;-) But it was right in the spirit of things!
+1 for Tess's Blog - Saw her present at Tech.Ed - she really knows her stuff, and her blog is full of useful tips on tracking down issues in ASP.NET applications
Baishampayan: Just schedule a new run.
Cool, I'll check that out ... thanks.
so instead I could do something like this from the calling code: if (class.isNull()) then class.Load() , class.[index]
would be interesting to see code samples side by side...
Also, I put safe and unsafe in quotes because nothing in C++ is truly safe.
That's a good question for the client that I'm doing this work for. I think that it's a legacy thing that he's done before, but that would have been in the ADO world, not .NET. It seems like it would make more sense to ship the MDB empty, but with the tables in it. That would make everything easier.
The MIZAR project is another decent example of automated number theory -- though it is more useful as a proof verifier.
You could consider the edges are what I call obstacles. It shouldn't really make a difference. However, your clarification reveals that it could be a maze, so I hope someone will answer my question to gs soon.
We are using TFS for source control and nunit for testing.
Is there a way to use it on individual files that aren't necessarily part of a PyDev project? Creating a new Eclipse project for a 1-module script is a bit overkill.
probably down voted because he said python is not documented...
Jon - sorry, but at least I cited them fairly... if you want, I'll take off the links and you can post them? (sounds fair...)
Yes, I need to place a lock around the code that writes to the file. Thanks. That is exactly what I needed!
So when the DNS does round-robin, all it does is reorder the list of IP's?  And browser always try the first IP off the list first?
I don't have the code only the documentation and it does not mention any exit commands listed.
Try X instead of D.
Sounds like 'plzsendtehcodez' or 'homework' to me.
+1 Thanks. I put your result in my question body too.
So is there any output before it pauses?
+1 - I don't know Perl but I gave you +1 for going above and beyond the call of duty.  Nice!
strdup is not standard C.  It will not work on all systems.
Well Ruby gives you an edge during programming, however Ruby's runtime performance isn't as good as many of its competitors, so you pay the bill during runtime. As they say there is no such thing as a free lunch
shure thing - but I've never used one of those
Goto can be OK. My rule of thumb. If a good programmer, who doesn't often use Goto, is prepared to defend it - then it's OK. And it probably is a once a year thing if that. Dmitri, sounds like FxCop is right and you're wrong.
being explicit is good ...
xtofl : you can't write 'using class Colors`
If you run the program in the debugger what happens?  Visual Studio should show you which line has the access violation.
uhhh Graphs! Always nice. Good updates!
Someone voted to close this question; I didn't write it but it's obvious I want to use Speech Recognition programmatically
I did some more checking and found out that you need sql express to use it. You can then start a user instance of a database that connects directly to a database file. So not quite what you were after. I'll modify my answer.
In these rewriteRules the  won't be added to the page parameter, what excactly do you mean?
Excellent answer.  Thanks for the reference.
Just to add to this, you can also set
apparently then is Update some sort of mvc-controller action that causes it to not show?
This happens to me all the time too.
Maybe I am too strict, but I see it as Is about programming  Has a solution that involves programming. This question is failing both tests.
Thanks :) That answers my question. 
You must have attribute ((packed)) for the struct in order to guarantee that it will always work as expected!
Yes, it returns results then. But with the additional joins it does not.
update: I now get test charset; output, I am not sure what I changed?
What do you mean?
Yes, that's the scenario behind the warning
Actually, someone else beat me to that one. Oh well, nevermind.
Use 'using' statement on that XmlTextWriter you create. But however, do consider that XDocument has a Save method, which does the work for you.
I see what you mean now.  I'm assuming the string in the question is the full output.
seeing that gap disappear is quite a relief. and an even BIGGER relief to see the gap on my actual site disappear. i'm very curious as to any other solutions though so for now i'll leave the question unanswered
Yea, I think any source versioningcontrol is better than none.
+1, I don't like using autoincrement fields unless absolutely necessary,
It won't be guarding national secrets no matter what (official systems need special certification, and I'm fairly sure nothing built on PHP can qualify), but all web applications need secure auth, so if I'm releasing this, it'd be incredibly irresponsible not to use best practices wherever I can
Sounds like a job for a collection with notification events...
What's wrong with HTTPS  SSL? Or is the REST-like not HTTP at all?
We're a Java shop so the version numbers are pretty arbitrary.  The version number is in the module's file name, like LoggingModule1.01.01.jar.  When there's a new version of a module, there are no build errors because projects must explicitly import the new version.  And yes, it's home grown.
Depends on the usage, but yeah it could cause issues if using instanceof
Damn - if that's like natural language - what the heck language do you speak?  I mean, after you've coded in them for a while, sure it makes sense - but that's because you begin to think like the code, not the other way around.
cool any chance you can post the SQL, I am curious to see it.
I'm not sure why you have both a ROWNUM and a RANK() in your inner query.  You probably only need the RANK() and then START WITH r =  1 CONNECT BY PRIOR r = r - 1.  This doesn't require continuous ID's, since both the ID and the rank are getting generated.
Adam Rosenfield:  Yup, I agree.  Some friends pointed this out to me.  The teaser is based on observed-actual behavior, and not Standard Behavior.  They'll be updated andor removed eventually.  Thanks.
There also is slice (15.5.4.13)
I'll attached the full Sink implementation and the IS8SimulationEvents from S8.tlh
Excellent answer!
Note that the use of this attribute for keypair creation was made obsolete in VS 2005.
people still use macs? jk
He is asking why they do it like that.
I could see how you could compile in 1.6 and exclude certain runtime features when running in a 1.5 JVM. Of course, you would also need to re-compile into 1.5 JVM bytecode format to avoid the invalid minor version 49.0 error. For that approach, this solution could work.
Hmm interesting, I am actually consuming the service through Java. That has its own share of interesting challenges.
Thank you. I am not particularly strong in mathematics, but couldn't applying a constant function to a value enhance it (or decrease possible collisions)?
Wow... your question somehow made something click for me.  I couldn't make any INSERT work, so I tried double instead of single-quotes.  That works.  DOH!
This sounds like a sysadmin question as oppose to a programmer's question.
The question: is What would you call that column... not: should you ever do this. Nowhere in the post did I even intimate that I was about to do this, only that I can't find a word that describes the collection of the two abbreviations.
Did you try here? http:api.rubyonrails.orgclassesActiveRecordAssociationsClassMethods.htmlM001599
This won't work for my problem.  I have text that's already been rendered on the page that needs to be copied to clipboard, without requiring the user to ctrl-C to do so.  Also, there would be no keystrokes in my instance - the user clicks on a link to copy text.  See http:snipt.netpublic.
In C at least, int is a language keyword that is equivalent to the Int32 CLR (actually CTS) type.
All I want to do is get to the next month from the current month. I don't care about the days, I just need the month to be accurate.
Thank you! Yea, everything I'm reading out there indicates it will not render into the head.
True. But when proxying HTTP-posts the proxy would have to cache all the post-data (which can reach several MBs) before it passes it on to the non-existing target. As this would be very inefficient I doubt that it works that way. Haven't found a documentation on how it works in detail tough...
Undeleted because this might work.  Why did you delete it?
Agreed, it certainly is doable. You do notice the difference, but you can adjust to it. I look forward to window's 7 and it's support for dual monitors via RDP. The hardest part for me to deal with is having 2 monitors at work and 2 monitors at home but only being able to use 1 when remoting in.
But presumably it's never slower, right?
Statistically, this works for long strings, but not always for short strings. (Note the previous sentence doesn't contain an E, but that doesn't mean you should mark it as spam.)
i've also never used it. i find it better to explicitly initialize elements too :)
The best self-installer I've used is WinZip. Copy the folder to a new box, it detects that and runs through a configuration wizard. Easy.
I can second Ray's experience. I moved some image filtering code from C++CLI to pure C++ for about a 2 to 1 speed improvement.
Is there an answer somewhere?
+1: Just set PYTHONPATH environment variable.  Simple, neat, portable, clean.  Works everywhere.
thanks for the response by the way, it really helped.
foolish and rash to modify the transaction isolation  ..
Some elaboration about it: http:stackoverflow.comquestions466560can-anybody-give-me-an-example-of-overused-design-patterns466702466702. Could someone add the author's name and perhaps the cover, by the way?
I think this link needs updated... http:koogra.sourceforge.net
I thought, perhaps in correctly (and please correct me if I'm wrong) that every checkout included a meta file of the change history? Maybe it's just the source control tool (or configuration) I used at work
obviously this is about c++. i fixed the typos
lupefiasco: convenient of the OP to choose `System.Timers.Timer` ;-p
Well, this very same thing caught me off-guard over the weekend, so I thought I'd share. :-)
Anywhere that mentions persistence ignorance and separation of concerns; also with DIIoC implications for testing. Of course, EF doesn't allow persistance ignorance, but that is another issue.
Sure - I just added an example.
Indeed, though there may be other ways of accomplishing that. One is to provide an out-of-band encryption key for the media stream and thus control the usefulness of the multicast data. Another (though taht probably requires control of the end router) is filtering IGMP at the destination.
Now as per my understanding, removing an entry from filesystem means removing an inode. Does this mean that the location pointed to by this inode contains inconsistent data as it may be written by any new file(created after unlink)?
How would you remove the elements from the array? Use 'shift' to go through and process the arguments or something else?
Some flavor of this is theoretically possible, but I've been reading that it's a bad idea do to the fact that Silverlight apps run on a single thread in the browser... opinions?
yeah, I'll probably go with locking the object as you've described. Thanks.
Design m nster is what I might translate it as, but I'd never say that. I'd use the precise words design pattern in the danish sentence.
I can; it doesn't look like a permissions issue.
Thanks Bill -- I had seen the tool but was wary because it was still in Beta.
Anonymous machines, or machines under youryour company's control? To be reliable at all some kind of two-way trust needs to be established with say certificate generation and installation (end-user side as well) and some way to use them and whatnot..?
Pourquoi Litytestdata: What doesn't happen?
Michael, I added to my answer, to answer some of your questions.
Why start with C++ or Java? He's already named two OO languages (and simpler ones than C++ or Java to boot), so why recommend two more?
There must be a hackish way to do this, like I said, evernote is able to do this.
Okay I was inspired here is the blog I have always wanted to write on innovation in the white spaces  : http:www.blog.stackingit.com200902innovation-happens-in-white-spaces.html
Thats not what i meant.. what i meant was make a static variable that points to the form you want to manipulate..
I Really Thank You ALL, I'm surprising in your dedication, It's grat to be in a comunity like this.
mezoid: If that was true, i.e. if the fixed time could change at any moment, then nanoTime would be completely useless because you have no way to tell. If the fix point is set during startup, it must not change and t2 must always be >= t1. Which means there is a bug.
Updated the question.  It's early so forgive my mistaking of kilobytes for megabytes. :)
Thanks I'd just come to this conclusion myself with a little help from a friend...
Yes, the second solution is what rikh suggested. I'm sticking with the SUM version though as long as it's fast enough since its format is easier to handle. Thanks!
Oh yes, you're right. I forgot about APC!
Leave off the '>' from the opening tag in case there are attributes.  I don't think there's a reason for leaving it off the closing tag.
Carl, check http:code.google.compdjango-contact-formissuesdetail?id=9  for the diff to add the extracontent.
I am using the 2nd edition and you might be referring to the first in terms of item 18. In my book it talks about preferring interfaces to abstract classes. Maybe you meant item 22 (for me :)) prefer static member classes?
The community wiki part allows other people to expand and edit this answer.
As requested, more info!
On the test boxes here it just sizes up, no CPU or memory use movement that we can see with task manager.  Just stays like that until the process is ended forcefully.
java.util.Properties also does XML.
They reported their exact version number as 6.0.2900.5512.xpspsp3gdr.080814-1236
Beat me to it sigh +1.
I agree with Tumpi; the squarerectangle example cited is implying a problem with mutability more so than with inheritance.  The is-a relationship would be well expressed by inheritance if the shape was not mutable.
So as its a coding benefit :)
I've just done a test with NUnit, and it is perfectly happy to process tests in an exe assembly.
Not sure what else to suggest - perhaps snoop on the actual TCPIP traffic using a program like wireshark.  At least then you'll have a sense for where the data is going (or NOT going as the case may be) and when the connections are closed.
I guess in Java you should say references instead of pointers.
are you sure? In the example posted by the topicstarter, a new tab is opened when I hit Shift+Alt+x
You have turned an implicit cast (when using a raw type) into an explicit one. But I find this solution acceptable. I just don't have the reflex yet of pulling out another generic method out of my sleeve to do some typing magic.
I axed the old .pyc file, so I don't have it handy, but my problem was with the import paths -- I think python would have used the .py file to recreate the .pyc file if I hadn't moved it (is that right?)
Exception in thread Animation Thread java.lang.NullPointerException
Rich, this is verifiable. Read that excerpt from PHP Docs. I copy and pasted it for you Unless the array is referenced, foreach operates on a copy of the specified array and not the array itself. And if you really want, run it under a debugger. You can see the copy happen in zendvmexecute.h
Thank goodness for that. The whole of my knowledge, identity, soul and being is derived from that fact. I was trembling on the brink... (Seriously though, I would have been surprised and slightly disturbed.)
It's a hint--a coding construct given additional meaning by consistent or standardized use under more constrained circumstances than are legal.
I mean I have two separate databases with the same entities, only one is updated less frequently for persistent storage purposes.  If I Query for entity California on Database A, I want it to be fundamentally the same California on Database B.
Sounds like they're talking about client-side JS includes. I'm talking about a file that your C code reads in order to generate the page that gets sent back to the client. Fundamentally there is no way the browser can tell how you built the page as long as you send the same bytes to it.
But that's the point-- Cecil and Reflector and IlDasm are all from the same class of decompilers, and obfuscation is intended to hinder that approach.  Obfuscation vendors pride themselves on breaking decompilers.
Is the data that is on the clipboard text and not graphic, audio or other?
If you add in the references to limited scope gained from using a for loop this becomes the perfect answer...
Anyone else that has possibility to check?
You are welcome. ;-) I'm not sure if there is an easy way to auto-generate the WSargs struct. At least not when you want to have regexes for basic validity checking. But you can always resign to evaluating the WSDL - it's just XML in the end. This way you can at least get number + names of the args.
I also understand that the 'Save and Continue' sorta does what I want... but seeing if there were any other mechanisms.
Darn you Jared, 30 seconds! Darn you straight to heck! -- =P
object is to class as value is to enum, not the other way around.
+1 nobugz for the comment about MSDN sub and testing on local lang version of Windows
I'm pretty sure the DefaultMessageListenerContainer polls.  The nice thing about it is that it hides the pollnotification issue from you.  You just implement a jms MessageListener and do whatever work you need to do.
When he does `weightf = gaussian` in the arg list it's actually trying to execute `gaussian` and assign the result as the default value of weightf.  The call doesn't have required args and crashes.  So weightf is not even a proc object with a call method just yet.
Agree, that feels like a much better solution than the other suggestions.  I can't figure out what the regex would be though.
That's not a valid .properties file. Backslashes are special. Read the documentation for the java.util.Properties.load() function. Equals signs can be part of the key name, but INI doesn't support that. Lines can be continued with backslashes.
you shouldnt be to modest to mention your own book. i m reading it right now and it helps alot:)
David - type checking is often a clumsy mistake better solved by polymorphism.  Code samples can help provide a better solution that avoids type checking entirely.
We need to see the code that crashes. Also if you know the values of any variables at the crash point etc. Otherwise it is just speculation. The above code looks fine.
Rex M, I dunno, I'd say a professional would have even more incentive to understand it, since he's likely to have to do it again.  Code examples are a great aid to understanding though.
That is what i feared. Thanks for confirming this for me.
....and now I have a redundant three-page article explaining why your solution is the right one. Well, +1 to you, and I hope you get the bounty.
thanks dude, but I have a long txt only... not tags, php, perl or python, just a giant txt with images at root...
There is no way around privilegied port access limitations without privileged acces.
jtolle: You are correct. It was too early in the morning (04:00).
there are PLENTY of purposes. see my post below. BTW the author of this blogpost says himself that its a gimmick to call them 'evil' to get people to take notice. they absolutely are NOT evil. i cant wait to see some of the awful tag soup that will result by people trying to follow this pattern
I agree with David. It is one of the core competences of the leaders to find programmers which have the desired  needed skills.
It absolutely makes a copy of the list.  More accurately a zip of the list with it's positional indexes.
The domain model already exists.
how about you post a link to your blog?
I'd cancel the above comment, but I did want to say it was in reply to your first comment, before your second. Just in case you saw it...
Jay S: He asked how to do it, you should be careful advising him how to do it without warning him.
Malfist: I don't think you are. Otherwise you wouldn't be trying to do so much in C, and you would be writing proper queries.
http:www.fujitsu.comauservicessolutionslegacycobol
That one!!.. Thank you
You really want it to be future-proof? Don't put anything in the URL at all, which is what you do with your very primitive URL. That could map to anything, which is future-proof. These awesome SO URLs, on the other hand, will be hard to maintain.
This is the exception I am getting : java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: latitude == 3.2945512E7
We have one or two little programs that rarely change, and are an absolute bugger to get compiled, needing a specialised environment and what-have-you.  We store them in SVN for the sake of simplicitysanity.
Might I suggest moving this code out of a JSP, and into a servlet?
where should I check to see if the feature is installed..? In the 12 hive..?
Could you share with us whether you want text files or binary files?  Could you also comment as to what programming languages you have access to (if any)?  Do you have MS Office installed?  Also, not very relevant, but what version of windows are you using?
The one sad thing about making documentation optional is that, in my experience, code just doesn't get documented. If the template ends up being excessively larger that what most documentation blocks actually are, you can always change it.
Cardboard seatbelt covered with shards of glass. Even if there isn't an accident, you will still be in pain.
Should use a UNION ALL because it is faster than UNION.  (Only use UNION if you care about distinct results AND if there is a possibility of duplicate results being returned.)
If you 'catch' and then 'throw' (rethrow), you see two first-chance exceptions in the debugger.  With OP's strategy, you see one.  (I think) the goal is 'logging that does not ruin change the debug experience', which is why OP has the right idiom already.
htmlentities is a insanely poor method of preventing SQL injection.  Injection has little to nothing to do with HTML.
Good point, though that only works for method calls and not constructors
True; I assumed the OP was just snipping out the relevant portion of a larger `for-each` block, but if that's the entirety of it, it would be far better to use this simple `if` instead.
What kind of work environment do you have?  The type of source code management used kind of depends on your environment.
thanks, Rails gives it a class automatically, so your solution works.
In order to use Generics in the repositories I had all the [Persistable] classes also implement the IPersistable interface, which <T> had to implement.
The .NET port is apparently abandoned. The last release was in 2006.
The developer formerly was with Macromedia and then Adobe, before going solo. His blog makes for a very interesting read.
That's the sort of exercise I left for the reader.
So methods do take up memory, but it is shared between objects of the same type? (i.e., The method memory use for 1 object is the same as the method memory use of 100 objects of the same type?)
Oh and since the OP brought up the perf aspects I thought I would indicate that the creation of TimeSpan was negligible in comparison to the rest of what he was doing...
Cheers, spot on!
Alan M: Ah, I didn't know that they would accept patches before Java was opened sourced. Thanks.
are named groups used for matching? or for extracting the matched portions after the match?
When I run the code with size 224, it throws exception of stackoverflow, so I decided to reduce array size to 43.  I comment out the rest of contents of the array also the functions that represent each array contents, and it works.  No exception throwing.
I have retagged the question.
Pablote, glad I could help.  I've been bitten by this several times at work.  It's weird that it would survive re-install.  I'm going to ping someone about this later today.
I was unable to reproduce the bug with the example you provided.  Opera, Firefox, and IE all work fine (except IE has an unrelated bug where it starts at a different location).
YES!  Everywhere I look I see examples of Perl code that will fail with inputs like  or 0.
I don't think that works... I believe (from the X) that the OP means that the number of items in the list (and thus the number of dimensions) is dynamic
on 'trusing' the input:  it's not just the security.  it's the performance.  It's very easy for even a well-intentioned to user to accidentally create what amounts to a denial of service attack on your database with ad hoc sql.
But still contained within the web site itself, or a separate application with exposed web services?
Because someone might try to
Cool, I'm glad, so do I get the answer?
Please note that you can't do RTF paste to TinyMCE, at least on Mac (the browser is not the case)
Oscar: You shouldn't redefine terms like that. It's compilation for everyone else. ,-)
It would be useful if you could post your entire stack trace.
MVC is also not new.
The hash method may be n^2 (looking n items up in an O(n) datastructure), while the sort may be n log n, but on the other hand, if the hash fits in memory, the sort may involve a lot more disk IO.  Hard to say which would be faster.
Compiles correctly with no errors in gcc; what header files are you including?
No problems.  I think web browser support for styling anchor tags using pseudo selectors varies.  Have you tried it in different browsers?
Could you explain this a little more? I think this is the in the right direction. I edited the question.
Yeah, that'd be bad.
lagerdalek, Can you post an example of this code? StringBuilder being newed each time sounds a bit suspicious to me.
I use ConceptDraw MINDMAP 5.  Excellent for mapping out ideas
It'll be echo instead of type for the first line but thanks, It worked.
The solution would depend on the user authenticating himself as normal on either of the applications. Then, when he accesses the other application, you could use the solution as described to check whether the current user is authenticated or not on the first application.
If you're using C3P0, wouldn't the connections be pooledcached?
Is the 1500ms only the first time the forms is instantiated or every time?
I agree that this will work but it is not very intuitive especially if someone else is using the control and doesn't know better. How come other custom controls don't requite this approach?
Wow, someone actually downvoted that answer. I happen to think basic language references are extremely relevant to the question; if the OP can't understand them, he's welcome to post questions about the specifics.
Thank you, it works.  I am not sure why though..  the 'd.age <= d1.age' bit throws me off.  Very glad to have had your help.
I hear ya. Of course most of the time it's ok - but there have been one or two places that it's been an issue. I'd rather adopt a convention that I don't have to make too many exceptions to.
I dont need to. Just wanted to know if that is possible. I am doing some RnD using Console App
This suggestion fixed it for me too - if you need to add components after the main install, this is the way to go.
Please use is not None rather than assuming that None is like False -- it make the if statement perfectly clear.
What are the WMI errors?
What do you mean by the actual calling? I'm calling a Web Method in the same project as the web page calling from. According to what I've read I can just make the call as if I was calling a Javascript function. Am I incorrect in that assumption?
I edited the answer to include a snippet using EnsureID().  Let me know if that works
Ok I choose Functional as Just an example.  Logic programming can use OO paradigm also. But What would the OO paradigm have looked like if it was built upon the Functional languages first?? Or Logic languages?
That sounds like a lot of overhead
Why is this voted down and marked for close?
J.F. Sebastian:
Very nice trivial example.
Cool, hope it works out for ya bud.
-1: This is not a blog, nor a stand-in for a blog, nor anything like a blog.  There are numerous free blogs -- use one of those as a blog.  A simple code posting gets closed as Not A Real Question.
Agreed Goran - IControl would indeed solve this problem. It just led me to this theory :)
Thanks, friendly ghost, I do call unsetapprole, this question is about whether its possible to detect the scenario where it hasn't been called.
Doesn't strike me as a tacked-on afterthought, but rather compiler-enforced consistency.
Once an ID is used, can it be removed from the list?
no real choice - I think there is.  This class shouldn't be static.  copy the class whole sale is not DRY.
are there any other stack trace sections below that one?
That would be Awesome!
i even added <= DateTime.Now.ToString() > to this aspx page, and ran it across the network and it still went back EVERY TIME with a 200 and updated the time. but in IE it was cached for 33 seconds. messed up
It is not so nice and long comments may be truncated in some browser.
I don t think that s the reason either. (Since when do advertiser care about us?) But it s a nice side effect.
It's a nice idea, but I'm not sure it's achievable without ending up with source code that can only be edited in one particular environment. I think the lowest-common-denominator nature of ASCII is a big advantage.
ote that style2 may have the loop contents extracted into a method, and that method uses early return.  http:stackoverflow.comquestions36707should-a-function-have-only-one-return-statement
Yep, this is the best pick if you don't want to mess up with browsers tests and all those craps. +1 from me ;)
Thanks for the help.
Fair enough - changed it.
Great Link, Thanx for the explanation!
I believe semacsvim, but then again, a vim expert would know that better than an emacs one ;-)
jrockway and Steve Rowe - Common wisdom is there for a reason. I do not think this is FUD. I have not heard about a successful web site written in LISP since ViaWeb. Please do correct me if I am wrong. I believe programming language should be used according to their merits, rather than ideology.
My Bad - my app uses membership via a wcf authentication service (as we have a windows app that requires login). The authentication service provides a login method which must call the validateuser() method further along.
What happens if autogrowth is turned off and the log size is exceeded?
It is very programming related, since most software have a license of some sort.
Actually, in MS SQL Server 2005 you can use SUBSTRING and other functions on TEXT columns too.
Sorry, I am confused. I always think there is only one data type in SQL Server called VARCHAR, so VARCHAR and VARCHAR(MAX) are the same. Am I wrong? :-(
Values are still the same even if you somehow change them in the database between hydrating someUser and otherUser.  I suspect this is because it knows it's in the context and the MergeOption by default says to ignore changes.
good Q, but isn't this a duplicate? (can't find the Q though)
Any idea where I could find a downloadable one, or how to go about doing my own?  I'm a novice C developer, and writing my own might be a task that's slightly beyond my current capabilities.
Oh I did not realize that turning on community wiki makes me not eligible for rep gain. :(
That's simply an issue of scale and scripting the harvesting of data from all 30 AMMs.
An exception gets caught by a catch handler, declared with the c catch keyword. 'using' makes no difference to this. An exception thrown within a 'using' will be caught if there's an appropriate 'catch' handler.
Also, Cloneable does not have any methods
I think the OP wants to generate a timestamp which can be shared between several threads? Click OK: Maybe you should rephrase your question, and give an example of what you want to have.
Also, doesn't this kill the process?
Hmm, why the downgrade ?  If an answer is downgraded, you should motivate why.
I was thinking about a regular expression, but I would need to do some benchmarks before I implemented it. For a large body of text, I think it might be even slower than using all the inserts.
This regexp wont work for items that are not separated with whitespace.
+2 for the Alternately, -1 for not going there first (calling it alternately.  Net is still a +1 :)
Which doesn't help when the app just isn't working in a critical way, and leaving it until Tuesday after next will cost millions of dollars.
When I set the SelectedIndex in ItemDataBound it doesn't seem to Take.  Does this rely on ViewState?
Downvote for linking to Flash-ridden version rather than fast.
Anthony: ok. So the answer to your first question is as stated, They don't tie up.  The encoding you need to post with is URL Encoding which is unrelated to HTML encoding.
Terracotta works by instrumenting the bytecode of your application as its loaded into the JVM.  This all done through an XML configuration file.  More info here:
Why? I can't imagine a reasonable suggestion unless I can imagine a problem that's reasonable to solve.
I need the div for adding a google map to it.
I think you mean JAVAHOMEbin (forward slashes)
Look at the whole set of measurements where programs are forced to use just one core and then it seems as if pi-digits is the exception and most of the programs are 1:20 - 1:30
Similar to Elie's answer!
Careful with that...
Yeah. I simpled it up a bit.
I was afrid of the opposite, thanks
There aren't 2 of me as far as I know. Hi Dom! :)
I vision it as, A Comment() cannot exist without a Post() container.  Therefore, I believe it is ok for the post to abstract the inner workings of a Comment() object; along while, your backend continues to support SoC by having a seperate ICommentRepository.
I would just change the order of conditions in the WHERE clause.
Hm, I thought just -g would include all debugging info (including lines and source). But whatever works...
To be honest, I am fairly new to flex and I am not sure.  I thought I was using a combination of regular expressions and string matching.
From the link this sounds like WinForms?
Thanks (+1). I had looked at the official C API document and also the ExtendingEmbedding Python document. These are useful for my purposes, but the they are really looking at things from the outside. Ideally, I would like to find inside out type document - like the PEP but more comprehensive.
That is a good answer! You've touched upon some concepts that seem to get addressed only late in the development cycle. +1
Thanks I'll check this out. Its so funny that you chose to answer my question... I've been watching all your old Powershell videos on Channel 9 this weekend. Great stuff.
gcc -lm -fno-builtin test.c
it's rather unusable doesn't accurately describe it
+1 for the great link!
There definitely is a point in this - just because the methods wouldn't be called via the interface doesn't mean it's not worth testing that they're there. It's a bit like the new T() constraint which C exposes - the actual implementation of new T() effectively goes via reflection...
Downvoters: Comments are helpful...
stbuton: your definition is close to (but not exactly) Nygaard's ( http:c2.comcgiwiki?NygaardClassification ) - father of Simula; but it was Alan Kay ( http:c2.comcgiwiki?AlanKaysDefinitionOfObjectOriented ) who coined the term
This mapper has some interesting applications..
Mainly clarity, as it is easier to understand what condition you are checking for.  AllActive() is quicker to comprehend when quickly looking over the code.
It adds readability, and allows you to encapsulate more complex compound evaluations in the future.  I have had simple if statements turn very ugly very quick, especially if you start combining ifs and ors.
i set up the repos on a linux rhel5.
huh, I never realised there was a select method immediately on xmlelement...
configurator: Could you kindly explain how they are different?
Mitch see (http:en.wikipedia.orgwikiGUID) it discusses the predictability (possible to predict next 250,000 guids). The probability of collision is not the issue here, it's the potential for prediction of the next GUIDs
I'd like to chip in and say the questions are very reasonable. I came into this with the response that there where no good questions - testing a developer's knowledge of trivia is no measure of skill. This answer changed my mind. Just give a leeway of 1 or 2 questions answered wrong and you're good.
As I said, it's beyond me if there is one. Better ask Brendan.
Thank you for your reply. This sounds extremely lame. It is not only the FK scenario that will foul this up. There are other instances of custom mappings that people like to add to ORM layers. This does not look good for EF.
Right. Get it out and let your users tell you what the 4th browser you test should be.
I find this bizarre.  To force immediate execution, all you need to do is call ToArray() on the very last enumeration which consults the first ones (i.e. in the string.Join()).  As-is, you're making four useless lists for no particular reason.
Yeah, you've got me there. guess i didn't fully think through the problem. Edited my answer.
Yeah, I ended up making my parser throw an exception, as default behavior, but I added a parsing option which treats the repeated keywords as an array; am considering an alternate option for stipulating the replace behavior instead.
what do you want to see through the widget you want to make translucent? the desktopother windows? or another widget in your application?
I saw amCharts but am looking at Silverlight to build something similar. Thanks for the feedback.
Thanks for the suggestion :) . 
Indeed not a dupe, but I really wonder why do people have these delusions that they have some incredibly valuable little algorithm. Even if the algorithm is awesome, it doesn't make a program, besides algorithms should be free for all, and you should keep your customers through quality and service.
thanks will check out ;)
But you then have one StringBuilder per row, as opposed to one overall. It also avoids an extra array per row.
I would use OR to express that cause it is either not both that has to be true.
I will try to clarify more. My approach doesn't take into account, naming the classes. I guess that needs to be done using a dictionary. May be some approach from Ontology needs to be used there.
I did not realize it was Compact Framework. I would have to look at the rules of CF prior to altering the exercise. It is a subset of the functionality in the full .NET Framework.
ProC sticks to C90 and works under everything I've seen since 1996 -- Borland C, Visual C, gcc etc.
Thanks. That looks good, but I wonder about its longevity andor platform independence.
Sorry for the WRONG word :) I corrected my comment
Off the top of my head, I can't think of an easy way to do this out of bounds. However, I'm not sure that I would pass around a GUID. A GUID seems like overkill. Depending on your inter-process traffic volume, perhaps a simple counter would suffice (perhaps gen'ed by a DB?).
Hmm, I thought they would have to be doing something funny with generics to allow Logger.getLogger();. Turns out they're doing exactly what I implemented for my own project's log manager: create an Exception and read the stack trace. Still, it does make me feel that I'm doing something legal. :)
I misunderstood the meaning of expect. I was assuming that it was expecting a return value of a certain instance and checking against it. But, it worked as you suggested. Thanks! +1
also a lot of infrastructure for such a seemingly simple task.  I'm surprised there is no native way.  I'll google the final name() thing you refer to here.
Process Explorer and Task Manager are both good at showing how much memory is currently in use, but can they show how much can memory can possibly be used by the app?
would be helpful if you pasted those 3 frames so we can see what those are i think
Why don't you tell what you want to do, then we'll work out if hacking the system is the right way to do it?
Hi Nathan thanks for your answer, just for curiosity and maybe for future users that see the question can you provide some guideline if it is possible about more efficient ways to do this.
There is no such db on my server.
If you're only testing locally connect to the server machine directly by going to http:192.168.0.102 Does that give you a Cannot connect page?
I'm looking to do something very similar, and haven't found anything comparable to NodeBox or Prefuse (flare) for python.  I'll be following this question closely.
It's not a matter of being rejected. I'm noticing the UI get very sluggish on screens which receive larger XML feeds -- and I have a feeling it's due to careless memory management. So, I'm trying to factor out major issues which are in my control. Not so worried for the small leaks in Apple libs.
Hi, I don't want to use a real aspx AJAX, I'm using aspx only because it's comfortable
awithrow It's C. Assumed from the code given.
its a typeo, of cource that in the original code there is a closing
But the identity encoding (i.e. no compression) is always allowed, unless you explicitly forbid it. So if the server returns Content-Encoding: identity, you still don't know whether it supports compression or not; it might just have chosen not to compress this particular response.
Can you post a link to a sample? It works for me (as shown in my edit above).
In any non-trivial cache, you have to worry about cache management: size, staleness, invalidation, correctness. Which adds overhead, complexity, and a new source of bugs.
Dan: You are correct, however, that was my intention. Let me rephrase the function spec.
Things in the main thread will access the bool.
I agree. Don't brew your own - there are plenty of great MVCMVP frameworks for every situation.
Lieven, that sort of test doesn't have to rely on a database, so long as you separate the part of code that performs the business logic (person A returns collection A, ...) from the part of code that performs the database request. That may means an extra abstraction layer (or tier).
He wants a function he can load from a module or library, not writing the function himself.
This is correct, however it might not be clear why. An Int64 is inherited from System.ValueType, which means that the value is stored on the stack. Since each thread gets its own call stack, each thread has its own value, even when calling the same function.
Good idea, I like it.
oops I meant TimeCard
If the handshaking matches with what your device is set to, then you should be fine.
dupe http:stackoverflow.comquestions592815is-there-really-no-way-to-expose-the-prototype-of-a-html-element-in-ie-8
It depends on the experience and quality of the team.  Going from VB6 desktop to WebSilverlight is a big jump.  I saw this when I worked on a migration from a Delphi desktop app to .NET.  They initially went the web route but the result was terrible, they tried to apply desktop gui to web.
jcrossley3 - I'm not sure gahooa - a ^ yes but not a 
that's what i've looked for :) thx
Odd. If you can reproduce it in a short but complete program I'll take a look. I don't suppose it's as simple as StreamReader returning null, which it does at the end of the stream, is it?
I would advise against not putting the exception you want to catch in the except: because then you won't notice any other exceptions being raised and debugging is harder. But IMHO exceptions should be used rarely anyway. If you can use a test.
What kind of errors are you getting?
If your filter returns more than about 10 or rows, full table scan is better. Try it :)
If someone can watch the movie, they can download it. Likewise, if they can download it, they can watch it. Standard cookie-based authentication on the server side would work, but how exactly to do that in your situation is a whole 'nother question.
no. winuser.h. lib = user32.lib
select names from communications c inner join actorbase ab on c.actorid=ab.actorid where ab.actortype='worker'
... And I find it difficult to believe that a with keyword is anywhere near the complexity involved with LINQ, anonymous methods, etc., but I digress.  Thanks again for the link.
The strange language is the AT&T notation ;-)
The sorter I'm working with is like that of the C++ STL sort(), so it requires the righthand less than lefthand to be true or false. Anyways now its clear, thanks
Sorry I can't give a more fleshed out answer right now, but lunch is over and it's back to VS.NET for me.
On the other hand, if I don't Abort the thread I can't never really be sure the thread won't just be kept alive blocking my main execution.
Possibly, but it looks as if Hibernate is doing the iterating, which should be implemented reasonably correctly. There could be callback modifying the map, but that is unlikely. The unpredictability points to an actual concurrency problem.
I assumed this was for a quicky rename, not for writing the next generation cross platform, portable Enterprise Application ;-)
Thanks - your first solutions might actually work but we have hundreds of files and if I do a commit for each one of them it will get really messy.
Thomas: Got a link for that? I wasn't aware of VS doing any form of caching of headers. It does seem like an obvious optimization though. (unless you meant precompiled headers. I was thinking something more general should be possible)
i can't use UI. I'm using an antique version of jquery and i cannot upgrade because i use interface (which mean max jquery 1.1.3 :( )
Okay, this got strange.  I removed the file from disk and started over.  Seems to be working now! :D
yeah, i just rewrite here a small example. the real code is waaay bigger :) Anyhow, thanks for the notice
Thanks, sorry I moved the resharper part of the question based on JaredPar's feedback. Post your 2nd part of the answer there and I'll give you another up vote.
Did you check the rest of your script to make sure nothing is overriding it? I created a test page with just the code you posted. If you try that, does it work?
What are your acceptable response times and how big are each of the datasets?
Please be more specific in what you are trying to accomplish.
I fleshed out the body of my answer and got a -1...  not sure how I should take that.
Beautiful! I knew it had to exist :)
I second, closing this and look for already given answers. Both suggested by Jon are viable.
Or better: drop the ref in the parameter list - they are not needed.
Illusionary type safety to be precise.
All the Regex are precompiled and stored in an array. I loop on it and apply all the replacement. The or'ed version is built with the same array so readabiliy here doesn't matter.
Note that you are limiting the usage. You cannot pass the wrapper as a non-const reference to a function taking the wrapped type. The cast operator will provide you with a temporary, but not with a reference.
Oh, I didn't notice that in the question, editing...
Sounds close, but we are not an open source project.
No, I was not.  I am having the network administrator look into that right now.  Thanks!
I'm not sure it always returns 1? Not 0 might be safer
Actually, you probably could build a distributed storage system over BitTorrent, so it was only partially a joke.
Paul: It seems to me like writing off an article before you've even read it would fall under the more bad category.
It's unlikely that this happens. Also, it doesn't explain why adding the IDummy solves the issue.
Thanks Marc. Speed wise, do you think changing the value of a value in a struct is faster than creating a new struct?
But what is the replacement?
I'd guess that he comes from a procedural code based world and this isn't the only practice of this type he frequently uses?
Be warned though, that testing for (c => c >= 'A' && c <= 'Z') is not the same as (c => Char.IsUpper(c))
Did you try the Javascript one ? Really curious about it.
I will try to pick up this project but I will also follow sharptooth's advice and try to start writing code under mentorship from someone or a group of people that is really competent in C++ dev. I also ask someone to review my project when I'm done.
Konrad Rudolph: It is so obvious that I even haven't included the disclaimer initially. I find it ridiculous to talk about fast languages without specifying application domain.
Your second note is especially true for web development.
Cool. My first inclination was to respond with but how do I start PowerShell remote server on the VM so that I can remote to it? It would be a chicken-and-egg problem.  But since I can start with a VM template image that auto launches it, I guess this will work. :)  Thanks.
I should just note that most of my experience is from SSRS 2005. So if for some reason this has been nerfed in 2008 I apologize.
Thanks for the answer :)
JonB: Mind pointing out which rule you think justifies this?
Thanks everyone for your comments and questions so far. I'm waiting for someone with admin access to get back to me.
Hit F1, make a coffee, go to google, type in your query (one finger typing), fully read each search return on the first 3 12 pages, find your answer and fix the code, catch a train home, do the cryptic crossword, have a beer, sleep in, go to work and have a coffee, check your pc, and wait ...
Yes; the problem here is that I have 50 columns and a complex SELECT.
And the work with result=truefalse is that I'd need boost::enableif< >, which is incompatible with our current OSX toolchain. The separate template is still a good idea, though.
I'm quite happy leaking the handle as the DLLB will actually be performing a useful function. I want to inject it into the application.
+1 - excellent point.  Make yourself the Tiger Woods of programming by practicing your swing all the time.
If I do this, then the service does not run unless ParamStr(2) is equal to the value that has been set for Name in the Object Inspector in the IDE.  If the ParamStr(2) is different, then when the service is started, it goes into a perpetual Starting state and never executes.
What you've basically done is said, Yes, a padlock will keep things safe in your toolshed. without pointing out that it's true only if the padlock is actually correctly placed into the hasp, and the hasp securely to the shed, and the padlock fastened correctly, and the intruder has no bolt cutter.
Yeah, see my edit pointing to itsmatt's updated answer.
I've edited my answer to reflect your question.
I mean redirect to Search Engine Friendly urls sounds better.
TofuBeer, added it.
Yeah, datamodules aren't eligible to be main forms (obviously), and they're excluded from the first call rule I mentioned. I'll edit my post to reflect that correction.
Someone left a comment on my answer, I thought it was you but it is not - can you clarify the question a little regarding your actual constraints? Thanks.
There are no primary keys involved here, nor are any columns unique.
For me 'Relocate' is also giving UUID problem :(
The example application is not meant to sell something to the user, but instead to let the user create their own invoices online and keep a record.
I feel varargs are good if the arguments vary in number but all mean the same, as with the list of names in those examples. If the arguments mean something different, you soon have to put in so many checks that it's actually cleaner and easier to overload. Right?
It doesn't work on my local test server still, but it now works fine on the live server. Thanks for your help.
and don't use 'bindresult' either (in the function).
Tomalak: If the function is used in a CFC, the variable d will not go into the arguments scope, and instead will go into the CFC-global Variables scope. That's why it's always best to use var for function-local variables.
A bit of a blurry line, but programmers are often concerned with SEO as well, so I don't see any problem with it.
I agree, C should have a 1-function JSON reader.
The accepted answer below appear to allocate a horrible amount of strings in the string to bytes conversion. I'm wondering how this impacts performance
would you care to venture one ?
Why not std::copy()?
Thanks...it could also lose the 'cd home' and use 'du -s home '...TMTOWTDI, to quote a (moderately) well-known acronym.
JavaDoc says StringTokenizer is a legacy class that is retained for compatibility reasons although its use is discouraged in new code. It is recommended that anyone seeking this functionality use the split method of String or the java.util.regex package instead.
Is this a purely 2D problem or is your drawing a 2D representation of a 3D problem?
Excellent!
string.asciiletters, since string.letters is locale dependent.
What platform? What development system? It matters.
thanks Guffa, If I used onunload event then It will call Leave() but in that main problem is when I refresh the button then it will call Leave(),I handle F5,AlterF4,Right click on body,but How can handle Refresh button clicked in all browser? If any idea then please help me.
Kevin: Windows and OS X are not developed in C. Chunks of the kernel are, of course, but Windows uses heaps of C++, and OS X Obj-C. Linux is the only OS I know of where C has been elevated to One True Language-status and nothing else is used.
Using a non-strict structured files for such kind of storage is not a good idea (in my opinion), because it's a bit too easy to lose yourself in the stored data and moreover have many conflictual problems. Plus, XML or JSON are handled by all languages, which gives you more flexibility :]
Digium's website is www.digium.com. This isn't programming related, and is a basic sales question for Digium. (And yes, you need 4 FXO ports to connect to four POTS lines.)
Not trying to quibble. My point is that the discussion was about possible disadvantages of c++ over c for kernel dev. Since mallocfree is something you have to do in both you can't count it against c++, so that issue is moot. There is nothing more complicated about newdelete over mallocfree.
Whats the point?  Only good for white board exercises in interviews.  :)
op= should return Vec3&, not Vec3
Not that your answer is wrong.
Just how do you access a member from an opaque pointer? You'd need to dereference it first, but incomplete types cannot be dereferenced. Static globals are a hack but a workable one.
Actually, not all users of a project necessarily have the skills to develop or maintain it.  I look after a project 12+ years since starting, and can't find anyone to take it over because the skills needed to do so are sufficiently esoteric.  The customer base is significant - so I continue.
Can you also please tell me how to make my application respond to an url?
Understood...so 'in' does the same as 'infile'? Or are those two different things?
Hm, this won't work in all countries (at least afaik not in germany).
m4bwav - People talk about lots of things, that doesn't mean they actually understand or implement them.  Kena sorta proves my point.
How i can compute polygon data based on point which i have? also to use MySQL spatial extension, is there any need to change database structure?
I don't mind having the same user data store, I just want different login pages (and possibily different configurations for both like the expiration timeout).
This has been fixed in the latest version. You can now add '?' to the mask, which means anything after is optional. So you could add the mask ?(999) 999-9999 to allow partial phone numbers. This is particularly useful for extensions.
Please edit your question: Use an indentation of 4 spaces for code examples.
True- Object.Finalize is a null op., but if you're implementing IDisposable, you're saying you have resources to free up.  From MSDN, that means you should always have a finalizer to free them, so they're handled correctly.  This means having Finalize call Dispose, and Dispose suppress finalization
Thanks for the heads-up. I modified my answer to reflect this info.
Now that I think about it, that lower level might be a custom url dispatcher (or monkeypatched version of the existing one)
grieve: HTTP is much easier to secure
If you are doing datetime manipulations or comparisons where the smallest unit is smaller than a day, DO NOT try to code it yourself: use libraries. They already have things like DST bugs sorted out.
And here is some (hard to find) info on Desktops: http:msdn.microsoft.comen-uslibraryms682573(VS.85).aspx ( I mentioned it and it's not a well-known thing, so I thought I would share.)
no, it is not your friend :)
PHP's choice was influenced by C. As has just about every other language. Don't blame PHP for something C made popular.
Apart from the fact that there is some work required... Why shouldn't this work? <apply-templates select=[local-name()='foo'][local-name()='bar']>
Looks like the last element, sdlwForce32 is just there to make sure the size is 32bits. If all you're doing is passing in this value to an API, it will still be passed in as 32bits if you just cast it to Integer.
We ended up implementing ChartFX's WPF trend control.  At the time Visifire's trend seemed so-so.  However now it looks better and is WAY cheaper in a corporate setting.
The option of putting in a batch file might work better. I have tried the cmd c with out start and my commands won't run. So I'll try the batch file route. Thanks everyone! I learned a lot :)
bdukes it's the same image tag. I removed the alt between taking the IE and Safari Images. 
+1, he wants an Array.
Generally speaking is always better to use brackets than not using them. Prefer if() ...  else  ...   over if() .. else ...
I don't believe that these were generated by a program...
Purely functional languages (with appropriate mondas) are the key to the future. And you don't need to be an immortal programmer to zen it. You just need to approach problems a little differently.
What does sanity have to do with the fact that not all OSes have a grep command?
a typebase that is supported (IComparable or IComparable<T>). Then since it cant do it it throws an exception that it couldnt figure out a way to compare them.
Hehehe... thanks. I usually stay out of these discussions, but anytime I see the if ... is simple, then... it makes me cringe.
Command is update-rc.d in debian based distros. Scripts still in etcinit.d (standard?)
thanks cobranet! could you format all of the code of your answer as code? that would make your answer much more readable.
192.168.0.1 is likely to be taken in a SOHO context.  Perhaps something obscure, maybe even a non-private address, since you can be sure you're about to change it.
Example MXML: <nui:NewTextInput id=mensualDeclarado2 text= mensualDeclarado3.text.length >= 5 &amp;&amp; mensualDeclarado3.text.length <= 10) >
+ for google docs, that's my first solution attempt for nearly anything these days.
That's a noble goal, but will probably take you a long, long time. I would start with the code where future development is likely to happen. And you may find assistance with the refactoring in your developers, too. :-)
And sanitizing has proved to be extraordinarily difficult to actually do properly for all cases. Nice answer!
nevermind ... i got the columns mixed up ... floor() works just fine
str is the text of the Ajax response from the server and consists of either the word 'false' of the HTML string for the tree itself.
You can't use the standard Rectangle - you need to define a struct like this:
+1: use spaces -- no problems of any kind
See my edit above. I am afraid I don't have a better answer. What do you mean by VC++2008 RTM, that it is not the beta version? Good luck!
trying to remove it from the text, thx.
Oh to be a web dev working infor Norway with the anti-IE6. That must be goodcase for fewer headaches.
Thanks - I retracted my post, then. But the result is the same: it executes now...
How ugly that there is nothing built in :(
Actually the redirect sends a page moved page along with the 3xx code. That's what the browser shows if you get into an eternal redirect loop and the browser gives up after 20 or so redirects.
What if you just delete everything in the file, and make it say only this:  <?php foo[]='hello'; foo[]='world'; ?>
Vasil: yes, provided the extension works on python 2.6;
This technique is very old already. The old sideway scrolling shooters on c64 and amiga already used this...
Ah, not exactly. If I am working on column 0, index 0, I would grab (also) the next two down in that column (which happen to have the indexes 9 and then 18) and perform said operation on them. Repeat this for the next three, etc, and cont. for each column and submatrix.
Just exactly how much tweaking can a designer actually do with a XIB file? I don't think there is a whole lot aside from adjusting the set options, and resizing the views. These are things which don't even take up a huge amount of time when designing for the iPhone.
Ok, will passing it through filtervar(s, FILTERUNSAFERAW, FILTERSTRIPHIGHFLAG) seems to make it work actually.
+1 While not specifically the problem, changing the charset to utf8 does solve my problem and this is probably necessary once I do change the charset so thanks for pointing it out.
Using IMarkupContainer etc will result in same problem. So will using Geeko via XPCOM
Close, but still not quite the same.  Example where macros work but constants don't: define FOO foo;  const char str = bar FOO;  C and C++ allow concatenation of string literal tokens, but not string constants.
http:www.codinghorror.comblogarchives000654.html Look at this non-sense.
Typically, the other process would have to write it's PID to a file for parsing.  But, if the 2 programs share some relationship (parent  child, or they are threads in the same executable) then the PID will be known at creation time.
So its how it should behave, isn't it ???
i am using start b batchfile.bat
That really should be an edit, rather than its own answer (its better with the SO model), but you dont have the sufficient reputation to make edits...
Thanks Nat, I notice that you are using a slightly different technique again.  Do you recommend then that I adjust my html to use the old html 4 style unclosed img tag?
Can you be more specific? What exactly do you want to achive? Creating a shopping cart is rather generic...
No, the returned array always has at least one item.
We're back to using Word Docs etc.  We tried out the Wiki feature and it never took hold.  It just wasn't that good.  Those of us who got to use ScrewTurn wish we could go back, but it's not our choice.
I'll have to try this one out; I've been hurting for a Firebug-equivalent for IE. :-)
If you choose hdr=no do column names not get exported at the beginning of the resultant csv file?
actually the original post said you could only have 1 fastpass at a time.. i have know knowledge if that is correct or not
Could you expand on the usage scenario?  That might help us come up with alternatives.
I think you're probably close to what the OP is after, we shall see...
That does work, however it means i need a Taskid property on Document, which i'd rather not have. Works for now though thanks
This script says that right paranthsis is missing at 
What Im trying to do is this: The sum of X number of fields must be equal to 100. The validator that has this function and the message is always located on the first field (x1) and I'm activating that same validator from the rest of the fields in order to update the message when the sum is 100.
I guess it depends. We can still get away with it because we create games that require almost not tech support whatsoever. Plus, sales questions can be covered by our registration services (Avangate, ShareIt). Forums might work, but only if you can reach a critical mass of users.
Try this: subclass UIViewController, override popViewController:animated: and send a custom message to the UIViewController's delegate. Then, the delegate can decide what it needs to do in each case.
I'm confused, the last sentence reads like the solution you're searching for? Set SVG widthheight to 100100 leaves it up to the HTML to define the area to draw it in?
It's nothing to do with XML, a  textToShow  attribute is exactly as invalid in legacy HTML as it is in XHTML.
Amen to the does it matter - this is most likely not an operation executed hundreds of thousands of times in a tight loop.....
Are you selecting into a new class as I described?  I'll update my example to reflect the indirection.
See also http:stackoverflow.comquestions449549how-to-leverage-clearcases-features449810449810
I mean whether or not it's getting drawn to the screen. Being covered could be one reason.  Another could be if it's been placed on a form that's been created but not shown yet.
Had to reinstall Windows & wasn't keen on getting Rails running on my Windows box again. So installed VirtualBox, created a virt Ubuntu Server, setup shared folders so both can access my Rails code, installed Ruby&Rails, setup port forwarding in VirtualBox so I can access the Rails app from Windows
What platform are on (linux, unix, windows, etc ...)  That will really change the answer
Hi,
The rule changes were something that should have of been included in the first post, but I was in uncharted waters myself.  I learned a few things here and so did others.  That's what SO is all about.
For the USA - but if you have different information for different countries, please do share.
I'm not sure what you're getting at with try hiding the updated element a little deeper in the structure. I'm pretty sure that the problem occurs because both event handlers (accordion animation and ajax load content) are attached to the onclick event of each accordion pane header.
For most functions I think it's appropiate to once you have decided further execution of a function is impossible, you returnsignal error. Makes the rest of the function less nested and easier to follow.
The 2009-03-14 14:29:37:000 format is wrong though for SQL Server
strager: I like 'loop'. It makes it easy to search for in the source. Have you ever tried to find all the occurrence of the variable 'i'! The use of identifiers like 'i' is a hangover from the days when you only had 8 characters for an identifier. I recommend you have something more descriptive.
I have a very language-specific problem domain ok
That returned a List<List<Bar>> ???? and i'm guessing you're missing a () in the first ToList ...   I still can't get the BarId from the result list....
One of the other weird things I noticed was that using Firefox on my development machine and url containing     (not escaped) worked fine. While using the same URLbrowser on the prod platformed got me ???. I also noticed that UrlEncode with utf-8 was diffrent from the iso-8859-1 encode.
jeffamaphone: see the comments under the OP.
I do, and the query is using it.  The times are 10ms for the original query, and 200ms for the new one.  In absolute terms this isn't much, but I do have many of these queries to run.  There are only about 200k rows.
Did this argument mention why the singleton would be faster in any case? Otherwise it seems quite an leap of faith to base your code on.
Adobe Reader does not convert the text to a searchable form. Has Adobe any program which does that? I remember that you can convert forms easily in Adobe so that you can edit them.
-1, rn is not from .NET. It's from Windows, use Environment.NewLine to find the newline sequence for the environment (WindowsLinuxOther).
Got it, will correct now, thanks.
Thanks, looking into them... RT
I believe something like this is going into C++0x, also.
By scrolling do you mean automatically scrolling?
Is it possible to setup the project so it automatically deploys to that IIS machine?  I have never done remote debugging before.
What collection are you testing these on? Since only you seem to get exceptions on the second one, your collection might not even support Remove...
This is really great, thanks!
+1. Works as expected.
So what is the question?
More to the point - why does it have negative votes? It's not a bad answer.
I'm so stupid. Thanks.
That's probably what I'll do, that or find obscure sources like old cartoons who's copyrights have run out
Any header file which needs to use grid[] needs to have an extern int grid[] declaration in it, or needs to include another header file which has the extern declaration.  See also http:stackoverflow.comquestions309801declarations-definitions-initializations-in-c-c-c-java-and-python
Yeah, and then there's another edge case I didn't consider, and then the question of how best to visualize it, etc. etc. This is the kind of thing that seems simple, but is actually deep, and that's why I wanted an existing tool
How? public class interface Person : IPerson   won't compile with C3.0
Indeed, good point.
Very difficult to troubleshoot without the code in question.
Unfortunately, I believe the only way to find out if it will be accepted is to write the application and submit it...
if you want entertainment, put a beep character into a directory name. You'll know if somebody in the room CD's into it that way ;)
Search, indexfull, showbyname are all parameterized retrieve actions (i.e. the R in CRUD). There's no need to add new routes.
Oh, then why not use already available solutions?
so that means that I can instantiate a class that implements an interface, and that object then does NOT implement the interface's methods (your second example), that seems counter-intuitive to the point of interfaces, namely, that if a class implements an interface, it implements all its methods
+1 for Professional C, Third Edition, best C book
HAHAH, yeah indirectly we do use it :)
Thanks.  I'll look at this again later tonight.  I believe it was the font size setting on the theme.  1.1em vs. small.
+1. Assuming you have multiple entries, what you really want is called a generalised suffix tree, which is formed by concatenating all the entries together, using distinct (unique) separator symbols between each. Suffix arrays are a (theoretically) slower but much more memory-efficient alternative.
Seb, quantum randomness is really random. Not just a lack of information, but actual non-determinism.
I'm doing similar things, and it all strikes me as too manual and error prone.  I've evolved things a bit over time, but I have to support multiple applications, so I am unwilling to make too many changes.
Did you do commits on top of 4f82a29?
oops, yeah please :) best just leave it empty. the array size will be calculated automatically.
For the record, this is an ASP.NET question, I find C to be a beautiful and elegant language.  I find ASP.NET to be a mess and kind of a hassle.
Wadih M.: From the above link: +750 to edit community 'wiki editable' posts
you need a keyfield to look for to make the record be distinct, so you can know what to delete by
Pax, If any of the args in C or C are a double, a double divide is used (resulting in a double).
Can't do that, as I am iterating over an existing collection to retrieve the objects I want to put into the anonymouse type. I was meaning to do collection.Add(anonType).
that doesnt solve the problem, and yes the extra  comes from previous code
It does, but doing so leaves behind portions of code in the header and cpp files, and you will get a pretty ugly error 99 of the time. I was thinking about deleting the control and all code associated with it.
I'm not a big fan of Luke actually. I don't know why, but it takes ages for each query to parse. Way slower then my own queries.
achinda99. Well, in my personal experience, I've never experienced any problems with TFS, while I've had a lot with AnkhSVN. Now, I don't pretend my viewpoint is universal ; YMMV ...
D'oh... was I thinking in the wrong direction. Do I feel stupid now...
My bad... I hadn't realised that there was an AND clause in the original question.
But 1 <> 1 is sure to not return any rows, whatever the other conditions are.
The original question only mentions running one query that takes ages, there's nothing about creating alot of SqlConnection objects and executing alot of queries.
you can't change this. it's an rvalue. (= this is not an object). you can think of it like this, imagine self is the this pointer: T self = this; define self (self + 0)  you couldn't do (self + 0) = ...
Very close to what I meant!
I didn't say you had to go to court, just that would would handle it the same way as any vendor who promised but didn't deliver. I might not take the car dealer to court either, but pay someone else to fix a minor issue and simply never go there again.
And that's because Boost.Lambda's operator is specially designed to be short-circuiting in conjunction with the delayed-execution ability of the functor object that bind() returns. An ordinary overloaded operator does NOT short-circuit.
Weird, the comment box erased the first line of my comment.  I said, futexes only go slow when contented.  Good threaded design avoids contention.
binarycoder certainly ADO.NET could return null, but that would appropriate our beloved null for something much more specific. I am not sure how we would benefit from treating the database and the application like one environment that completely share types and values.
Nothing I'm dissatisfied with -- I'm just looking for things I've missed. Like conventions that I'm not employing, built-in ways to do things, or things like that. I suppose I'm not particularly happy with how I'm handling `message`. Should that be refactored in some way?
Well does the FCGIAccept() ever return a nagatice number? Or do you just halt the process?
precious informations, thanks a lot
I asked help but the only obtained answer was There's a lot to study..
Then use a long. And if your array's too big for a long, you've got more serious problems than unsigned :-)
TCPIP is not based on the oSI model
Good call...though it looks like it would require me to do query strings for the WHOLE site...which I would like to avoid...
Right, what I meant is that it casts to 0 and 1 respectively for false and true.
New error: you have a trailing  ,  after  projects.ptitle AS ptitle .
The only other option is to manually clean up the names, and then you can use a simple equality comparison instead of approximation.
How old?  Are you sure it's not some sort of fixed-width text field, maybe EBCDIC?
Hey, that was my comment
Hey, Devon, I won't take that as a personal swipe at my answer :-) I prefer to leave examples, however trivial, if they can add to understanding. BTW, did you know that your bio page says you're going to take an internship in 20010 - do you think you'll live that long?
David didn't say anything about matching a string wno quotes, but he also said his regex doesn't match the empty string, which it obviously does. David, is this what you were really trying to do?
I do not completely agree. If the program is memory bound, you can speedup the program (if that is needed) a lot by restructuring program to restrict memory usage. Also, exploiting data locality on caches.
I think that, with a large file, reading and simultaneously writing to it will not work. I guess even for small files, no? cat file  dosomething > file looks like it will overwrite itself which can happen before being completely processed. Methinks.
... would to pass in a brand new struct,
in my workflow i've added a new step to persist the data into a dynamically defined DataSet, and forced the GC - so far its working ok. thanks for tipshints!
Rick the point is that it's often easier to return early than to wrap code up in a huge if statement. It comes up a lot in my experience,  even with proper refactoring.
Who's the audience for this kind of information?
Bent please check the update I added at the end, if you are having issues running it please post the code you are using to call it and any details on the error.
thank you very much . i got my result..thnk you very much
You meant the UAC prompt? Oh.. :) I'm not sure about that.
This is an AIR application, not technically a website. For the sake of the UI (as shown above, adobe's default looks hideous with the dark theme I have), I think having a custom scrollbar is a necessity.
redownload it or write to the authors.
To expand: the standard loop solution (shifting left and checking MSB) is probably the most readable. As in all cases involving bit twiddling, the speed of ASM can't be beaten, though there's no point cluttering your code unless necessary. Hacks are an in-between solution - go one way or the other.
Your suggestion is valid, however I checked out my tests classes and some start with Test and some end with Test. no clear distinction between utility classes and real test classes. Do you think the convention you suggested is a good practice? (i.e. utils start with Test, and tests end with Test)
Whilst DVCS clearly has benefits one of the inherent advantages of old fashioned server based is that you de-facto have your code on two separate machines. There are benefits to a central repository that currently seem to be hard to recreate easily with a distributed system.
Yeah sorry that was a mistake. But I hope you got the point anyway :)
surely when any of these is true.
remember -- extension = greasemonkey, firebug, colorfultabs, etc. Plugin = flash, quicktime, etc.
This looks great.
Thanks Dustin; I've been using a derivation of http:www.darksideofvisualstudio.net  I'll give the Faculty of the Mind theme a whirl.
Pushkar: Which begs the question, why do you want to send an assembly over the wire?
codekaizen I see, I didn't realise that. Guess I've never needed just a window onto a file before.
Already tried this. doesn't work. if you check the SelectedIndex of dropdownlist in the Pageload it returns 0....but a different index is visible...i think the browser cache resets it after the code executes (i am using firefox)   ..i assume you mean from the code behind?
UNION ALL noted. That does make sense, and in this case all I ever get back is one column, one row. Thanks, beach!
I see. Thanks for the explanation!
I believe livequery uses timers and that is why it can support so much more.  The jQuery team used a different method that is more efficient, but also limited.
I'd be interested to see an example of the use of dynamiccast when you don't need it.
Tom: Just plain wrong? No if's, and's, or but's? I personally tend to prefer the anonymous class version, but I don't see why it makes such a big difference.
Thanks Vladimir.  I'm guessing that the WAR task will run the whole packaging each time it is run?  I should have mentioned in the question text, the purpose of this build is as a hotswapping task to swap in changed files into the build.  So the build must be fast.  I'll try the war task.
True, I still find it comforting to know that at least my operators are hard coded. Of course, having the features and using them sensibly would only do us good. The problem is that it's hard to know if someone has used them sensibly. And that you agree on the definition of sensibly. :-)
Not if you want to omit the first argument, which is the name of the function.
I can understand why you were downvoted, but also understand your sentiment you should re word in a less offensive way
Mmmm... mint!  Sounds refreshing.
You might want to re-write your method that parses the IP address, if you can.  By placing them in a table in sequential order like that breaks relational database design rules.  Since each octet is related to each other, you should return them as a single row with four columns.
Thanks Dude, But you misunderstood. Bottom of the screen, not bottom of the Tab Control. The yellow stack panel need to be overlapped on top of the red one.
It uses the ==-operator (which you can override in your class)
Put that in an answer and I'll upvote.
bdukes: thanks for the edit, I was still missing the quotes around something afterwards.
Sounds like your JSP or Struts code is broken somewhere around the point where it outputs that div.
Yep, Erlang also knows shared resources in forms of processes, tables, or the database. But it makes using them simple and save. Message queues handle synchronization problems, supervision cares for restarts, and Mnesia knows replication over different nodes. You have to care, but you get helped.
FYI, REFERENTIALCONSTRAINTS is one of the INFORMATIONSCHEMA views..
I'd hazard that he didn't skip it. After all, that first bit of code LOOKS right. Given the error text described, my assumption is that he's trying to combine two data contexts
what part of I'm looking for a frontend to an RDBMS is unclear? He's not asking about the RDBMS, but about a front end.
all can be set up to run exe file automatically.  so a java process should be able to start them up fine.
Does the same thing happen if u visit page1 and page2 using safari at the same time? Just to check if its ur browser issue.
Implementing RFC821 is never light-weight. And if you implement less than RFC821 (e.g. a fake SMTP daemon that only understands the most basic receive mail for user scenario) you should not expose this SMTP daemon on the public Internet.
When running junits, I have enabled logging on all levels. 
The cities and suchlike are stored in a database, it's the map itself that's the problem.
I would rather use the less verbose and more abstracted sys.(dot)databases, which is a system view, not table.  See below.
1024 is one thousand twenty-four, not ten thousand. :)
cletus that is considering they have an scenario that actually needs that optimization. I do agree on using a default value where possibleappropriate though.
ya, my first guess was qp until I read the example.
Thanks, i tried that and it works great. Pity that the MS site has invalid code!
I just do ((GridView)sender).Sort(IntegerField, SortDirection.Ascending); in the MyGrdViewSorting handler. However, by doing this, I get Stack Overflow exception, so, i do the same in my business logic now.
I hate to say, but in a const-correct environment, that code is mostly useless.
do u have any code that will give distance using GSM mobile stations?
Intrest fact. I've checked -  item 3.6.1.5 of standrd - yes, you right. But anyway, I thnk it should be for clarify.
Jon Skeet, I agree, the run time is O(1). But instead of having a duplicate stack, how about having a integer variable called currentMinimum in the stack design itself ? this eliminates poping out the duplicate stack whenever there is a pop in the original ?
hmmm.... I could probably do it by including (against a magic-number tag) the fqn  aqn of the type at the parent, and working backwards... breaks some purist rules, but doable. Maybe. I'd rather do the dynamic metadata thing, though.
Second, I know you're answer is not merely for my benefit, but...please trust me that I am not one who needs to be convinced of the benefits of refactoring :)
Because they still cant get the fonts to render correctly on 95 of the monitors in use today.
That's correct, you shouldn't need a lock (or volatile) here, so long as the point is to initialize shared state that's only ever read and not written after initialization.
I'd only add that overriding new() could be useful, in, say, the case of a singleton.
-1: No errors.  No sample script being used.
yeah, that could end up becoming quite ugly yes... but for simple things, then yes, possibly =)
That's kinda what I said ;)
Patrick, it's debatable.  You can exclude the val1 = val3 if you know the type has transitive equality.  While this is true for most types I have found the occasional comparison which flunks this test due to 1) explicit insanity or 2) bugs in equality.
Definitely read the Python is not Java article. Will stop you making all the mistakes I made.
rmeador - no those licenses are certainly NOT GPL compatible (because nothing but the GPL is) - they are Open Source compatible.
It may be more helpful if you can provide examples of your html and css so that some of the users can better diagnose any problems.
More specifically, there are 1M bytes write but less received ! :(
more info? exactly what do you want to do to the dropdown list?
it worked after all, thank you for your time
when json calls the data out of the database - JSON is a text format for encoding data. It cannot do anything to a database...
New code: using (OleDbConnection conn = new OleDbConnection(str)
You could have a seporate library project which will be shared in all your website projects. Which will contain CSS files as resources.
Unfortunately it doesn't seem to work; I have updated the question
+1: Unit tests better the omniscience.
It's a surprisingly common requirement for small businesses, particularly in the UK - a huge amount of the use Sage for their accounting and getting numbers in and out of it is a common request.
Don't understand your 4th statement: if I say DELETE [] FROM Table; then all rows in that table will be deleted unless a FK stops it. By the way, I guess this is SQL Server-specific, you can't use TRUNCATE on tables with FKs.
That did the trick!  Thank you, sir!
I'm not certain that is an option for us, am I out of luck with a web site?
or, for quickness sake.. just put javascript:if(someObj)alert(foo); in your address bar? :)
I just added a new byte under the flag(public byte notneeded;) the result:
Wouldn't that give an Octal 0 instead?
Depends on which programming language are you using..
Re using vector::reserve() - do you have a reasonable guess as to how many elements might be added?  Performing a reserve( somedecentguess) should reduce the number of realloccopies cycles that occur, and as long as you're not reserving a huge amount it shouldn't hurt anything.
It is horrible for performance. eZ Publish does several levels of caching to make this workable (the content classes and content itself are only rereadjoined from the db when they've changed) but it's still slower than either a relational structure or native object store like BigTable.
I'd seen that article in my research, but didn't know how universal that solution was.  Your IE 4 clarification here is really helpful.  Thanks!
Really?  I wasn't too impressed by the DevEx grid, particularly for multi-row data entryediting.
IMHO a majority of people using OOP don't learn design patters till a very long time after (or never)... maybe design patterns illustrate good uses of OOP but definitely not the key - understanding the tenets of Encapsulation, Polymorphism and Inheritance are the essence
No, it does not lock the database. Depending on the transaction isolation mode, typically other people reading the database will not see the updates before they are committed (they will see the previous values).
Yes, the exe size is much larger (58K vs 16K) for the exception version - whether this would be significant in a real application is hard to say. It seems like a lot of of overhead though - I could fit quite a bit of functioanlity into 42K of machine code!
Didn't know that was possible in VB.NET, although looking bad :)
jon skeet : change the tags if you wish
Updated the first query
Its been happening consistently now, don't seem to be going away
It doesn't need much documentation.  Start with an example and go from there.  Read through the header files provided for registers, etc.  But if it's confusing to you, then you are probably going to have a lot of work ahead of you trying to get mono working.  There is no working port yet.
If you must use Windows XP, stay with 32-bit and deal with the memory limit of ~3gb. 64-bit XP is not very good; not many drivers targeted to it, has more than a few annoying bugs. If you need more than 3gb of ram, go for 64-bit Vista or 7.
The window onload event look promising. But now I've changed to use TinyMCE which is, in my point of view, more friendly with ASP.NET MVC than FCKEditor. By the way, the ResolveUrl and Url.Content yield the same result. Can you tell me what is the difference between those two methods?
Whatever you do don't use the one with the backdoor or Jack Bauer will get your encrypted data. :-)
ceejayoz: Perhaps that makes the question misguided. It does not make it offensive. The offensive flag is for hate speech, spam, and abuse. This is none of those.
If the construction of the StreamReader throws, the using of the Reader isn't entered yet, so it won't Dispose and it doesn't have to.
I like your answer and it reflects my feelings.  I am arguing the benefits outweigh the risks.  I think the ability to isolate problems is also something arguing in favor of my approach.
well the jlgui does work with both mp3 and ogg but it is in java and crashes often and takes ff with it. I have a copy online at cvek.siRWindow.php
Aftre some thought I realized this was my best option. IStream is after all just an interface. Why not create my own interface...
Post a link to your benchmarks when they're done!
connection timed out, takes too much time to execute, but no result
you concatenate with . in PHP
Damn, I haven't realized gcc defaults to c99 now. I've been using g++ for too long.
Ah didn't realize that you had to create a specific project type.
Brian I am not knocking your clarifications but tailoring your answer to his specific case makes the answer less 'oh cool I can grab that use it and understand it quickly`.
typing echo PATH, I get usrbin:bin:usrsbin:sbin:usrlocalbin:usrX11bin:usrlocalpearbin (no mysql in path). running the long way, I get a different issue: ERROR 2002 (HY000): Can't connect to local MySQL server through socket 'tmpmysql.sock' (2)
This is actually what I ended up doing. filling up scan-line at a time and drawing the scan lines. this method is about 10 times faster. absolutely amazing.
Sorry it took me so long to reply. I want to keep my content un-boxed in a frame. Running the code provided does not detect the boxing of my content in a frame. The code works fine for any other browser.
I should add that I'm aware I can probably do something like a nested select statement ... (where c.col3 in (select unique(c.col3) from...)) etc., but wondering if there is a better  proper way to do this.
Anjisan: so exactly what happened?
Justin came up with the simplest solution anyway. I at least managed to identify the problem cause...
>= is needed. The first digit of 10 should be 1, not 10
The mail might have been sent while the password was still not crypted.
Exposed filters still work in D5, but you have to be a lot more careful: they use keys like 'filter1' and 'filter2' -- which means that you need to keep all of the filters for th different views in sync so that URL keys match. if you do that, it should still work!
Ah.  Makes sense.
Thanks, I've corrected that. In its initial incarnation the decimal was necessary, but it's not now.
At the moment, each time the user uses a formatter from the combobox a new formatter object is created, which I want to avoid. I know, performance in this special scenario does not really matter. Additioally if I insert a deserializer using an additional property formatter creation is duplicated.
If it's a client application yes without a doubt. If its a web application that depends for something like Error messages probally a good fit, for other things you might want to be able to update the text without deploying anything.
So, are you claiming that when both cast and as succeed (i.e. return a non-null reference) that as is significantly faster?
Can you elaborate on what you hope to accomplish with this query?
I would say .text(i) not .html(i).  +1 though.
Right, we're zeroing in on something here. Pictures are way over-emphasized. Still, I know when I program, I often have a model in my head. Since the computer doesn't know that model, I do a lot of monkey work. Even more interestingly, when I refactor, I have TWO models in my head....
10^69 in our galaxy, actually. The exact boundaries do not matter that much, actually. There's plenty of error margin in that 10^80 estimate for a number of reasons.
Have just seen that, will take a look!
There is a rxvt-unicode package in the Cygwin repository, but it requires an X server, which I would prefer to avoid.
that's the strange thing - the hash key value changes, but the email is sent using the original :username that was in my development.rb file
Pat, you are right. My answer was made for the specifics of the question (see only the changes introduced in revision N), but you can indeed specify any two commits.
Neither options is suitable for me... :-( What I need is to refresh some other page when I change an event status.
Does it filter lists or does it only create lists based on the input?
I like this question.
Unfortunately I haven't used it yet... just aware of it. Have you tried using Visual VM to do the profiling (but it sounds like you really want an offline viewer)?
OneShot: int is 32 bits long no mater what (unless it's 16 or 64 bits but that depends on the compiler). OTOH don't expect to read the resultant file with a text editor.
Thanks for the answer. I'm still puzzled how this can actually be done since dynamic class loading requires a place like HTTP server to serve class definition request. Unless RMI starts server like that internally to host dynamic proxy classes.  Any idea?
oh man... you can't close your own questions by yourself. :-
Can you explain how, as I really don't see a scenario.
What would the AJAX stuff look like?
Yes, but only to those who haven't read the doco :-)
Agreed,  the marker content is just being used by the client side javascript to display the infowindow.  Not sent to Google. +1
Well, I don't ask him for his ideas, he's just stupid enough to blab them to anyone and everything because he's convinced this idea is amazing and will revolutionize the world (his exact words).
The link to Chris Craft's Blog does not work anymore.
vartec, can the same be accomplished with IIS7 only, or a free alternative?
Embarrassing. I totally had an temporary ActiveRecord model that I had not deleted. Thanks!
The reasoning for .net (or at least C) would be that C was initially a straight-forward copy of Java, so they just did it the same way Java did.
wouldn't this only work if the uitableview was an outlet?  the class above is a uitableviewcontroller.
That will work but the text two shows, I guess I could make the text the same color as the background?
You are correct.  The exe just looks for prereqs and then launches the msi.  I can not view the solution from EE.  I usually can, wierd.
Not yet decided, because unfortunately just removing the [[ doesn't work because of the extra formatting Wikipedia does.  I'm not too confident on bots yet, so it's on hold at the moment, until I can pay someone to do it!  So, no method!  Thanks for all the help everyone, very useful.
It's been years since I've used wxPython, but Robin Dunn is awesome - spends huge amounts of time supporting wx as well as developing it, is very friendly & helpful, and has drastically reduced the impedance mismatch beween wxWidgets & Python. Sadly, even as the mismatch shrinks, ... (cont.)
I don't understand your comment about it 'has' to include this extra information.  Indeed, the first XML example above deserializes just fine with the [Serializable] deserializer, so the deserializer does not need this type info.
Solr offers date functionality above and beyond that offered by lucene alone, so your statements about date format are misleading: http:lucene.apache.orgsolrapiorgapachesolrschemaDateField.html 
Thanks, the QSA flag is what I was looking for :-)
For this to work, I had to move closing --> to the new line.
It might be better to first filter to a particular day (can use an index) and then a second clause to filter by time.
A pty is only necessary if the two processes must interact, and then really only if one or both must be oblivious to having a non-human as the interacting party. Ptys are also not very portable outside of unix-like platforms.
There's probably a market for a Amazon Mechanical Turk-style website but one that specialises in this kind of subject matter.... :)
Use using when you need deterministic object disposal. It seem to me that if an object implements IDisposable you should always dispose it if the object is not needed any more. By implementing IDisposable the object says I (might) use resources that needs to be disposed.
printed and actuall values are not the same, but given the input of 1 converted to double (IEEE 754) it will be exactly 1.00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
matt b: actually, it does. http:weblogs.asp.netscottguarchive20070621vs-2008-javascript-intellisense.aspx
Thanks,
If the list of xml files doesn't change over time, you could just build the list once and read all the files from the list. But you probably knew that.
On WinXP VS2005 this branches to second branch
DBNull in database terms means the same as null in C terms, it's only that when .Net 1.x came out there was no nullable type available, as Generics were introduced in version 2.
Somehow I've missed that question. Thanks for the link.
this isn't a good answer, i'm not even sure why the OP picked this as 'the answer' because CoCotron is for Mac and the OP wants a Windows based solution.
Also can you post some code - that may help us figure out what is going on.
look at this: SELECT CONVERT(DATETIME, '2008-12-31 23:59:59.999')
That's a good question I suppose... I would consider that if A matches B on name, city & state; and C matches A on address, city and state that each of these records should be displayed only a single time such that all 3 are considered duplicate.
Yes, it surely is. It was one of the many things I was seriously excited about in 2005.
Code is simply .get(url, addata, function(data) ... );
I think the theory would be that the set is named Apples. A singular apple is still a set of Apples - albeit, a set with a single instance. Multiple apples are also a set of Apples.
I removed it from the post, but it's still in the revision history :(
Great tip, and I also like the easier class definition from dangph
+1. On W2K I think you have to edit the registry manually to change the default profile's regional settings: look at HKEYUSERS.DEFAULTControl PanelInternational.  But it's easier just to add a globalization element to web.config.
I triple that. Interestingly, I've had a few developers coming from the Java world recently also say they prefer to code the interface themselves... right up until they understood that IB doesn't generate any code and doesn't need to. Guess the IDE-generated swing code really sucks :-)
now working? It shouldn't be working. You're confusing arrays with objects, which are not the same thing.
Yeah, this is basically what I've suggested. See my answer for a few specific details if you're curious.
Much better than the (current) higher rated answer. I wonder if ignore the latter should actually be don't change any state since other behaviour, such as a 'success' message, should still occur?
Mitch, I don't think that was the point. I think it was to cut down on table size.
How is i < m.end - m.begin less efficient than p + i < p + m? I think we would all be clearer about what you are asking if you posted some example code
ok then, but I'm sure everyone will think so, so I'll leave this as a sign post
I think I didn't explain my self correctly. The dll that's being copied from the wrong folder is the dll of the same project that's being built.
You could find a  sum  tag or build one yourself.
Awesome, thanks!
+1. Using some sort of versioning system saves so much time migrating changes from dev to production.
Good point.  Let me fix that.
Actually most of the method calls are using objects, except the calls to 'new' which must be class method calls. But you're right that once I have an object, the problem disappears. Your idea of using a config to determine the class name is worth trying. Thanks.
that works perfectly! it seems that calling the resizing method delayed makes IE aware of the frame's height. Strange behavior. tnx
About Open IIS admin  - the point for me is to have a multi-domain site, so i don't think I need to do that - perhaps for cross-domain javascript of cookies?
Thanks Jesse. So I suppose I can also do those alter statement through the GUI.
It does not work with background images in this setup, only img tags.
Nobody said the tree is balanced. The tree could be a string of 200 nodes and the algorithm would fail on it.
Razzie: Ouchies.
It's not going to output the full UTF-16. You're lucky if you get ANSI output, because the high order bytes are knocked off. But the characters are ANSI page 1252 compatible.
I recognize that that's how it's supposed to work, and I found the same spot you're describing in the DefaultControllerFactory, but when I ran the above-described tests, that's not how it worked.  
There is also boost::begin(), and boost::end(). BTW, we can also return a std::reverseiterator<T> for rbegin() and rend() definitions.
Don't derive from std::string, it doesn't have a virtual destructor.
I was wondering about that one myself, I often find myself stopping at breakpoints that I could have sworn I removed.
I was afraid as much, but I'd hoped that someone had a trick that I'd missed.  I'll file a feature enhancement request.
Cannot truncate table 'tblnas' because it is being referenced by a FOREIGN KEY constraint.
Interesting. I'd never known there could be chunks in PNG files, and now today there are two questions about them! (The other one is about Java, though: http:stackoverflow.comquestions721918how-can-i-save-a-png-with-a-text-or-itxt-chunk-from-java.)
What's the harm in leaving the view? Are you renting the server by the byte? ;)
I would divide the remaining time to wait in half or 13, sleep that long and divide the true remaining time in half or 13... etc.  That way you sleep a bunch when it's unlikely you'll overshoot and less when you may.
I think I should include JBI into the combination. In that case, the question should be: Benefits of JBI vs. benefits of JCA vs. benefits of POJO approach.
I find it interesting that you can recommend MPI even though you have no idea what kind of application DanielSwe is building. It could be that a distributed system middleware is more appropriate... we just don't know.
ben-blank That does look better, thank you.
+1 for state machines
We couldn't get this to work at all unfortunately, the zip files were just purged with this class. Possibly because of the server setup. Thanks though!
Just help me for 8 bit single frame images.
Which method on Encoding.Ascii? What data?
Is your problem similar to this post: <http:stackoverflow.comquestions682304what-am-i-missing-from-my-enironment-variables-for-my-linker-to-fail-with-lnk1181>? Providing some details of the exact error, source may be of help.
I used it years ago, I just thought it had been replaced.
You have to be careful about the definition of project.  As we've come to understand it, a Trac project is an instance of Trac with certain configuration.  We use project to mean the tasks and milestones to release something.  We manage multiple projects in Trac by filtering milestones, etc.
Ok, well glad it helps. :)
have definitions in .h
Lets try and keep the comments practical and helpful. We can disagree without being insulting.
+1 for a Bash soluttion!
This is probably the slicker solution to this, but would require refactoring some code I would rather not mess with.  Definitely interesting, and I may revisit this at some point. Thanks for the answer.
Thanks. I'll certainly keep an eye out for this, and if I learn anything which might help, I'll post it here.
You can replace the content with .text() or .html(), depending on whether your contents contain HTML tags or not. First get the contents with text() (var text = element.text()), then split and join using standard JavaScript functions, and then set back with element.text(newText). Hope that helps :)
The compiler has to cheat for a few methods like that; in practice it's not a problem because you never need to redefine such basic methods. It's a bit like The Truman Show, the sun is actually a projector because the budget didn't allow for an actual star :)
To peek every time is to use literals.
ACEJet supports a form of SQL that is called SQL92 by Microsoft, but I don't know if it supports CASE.
Yes, but WHY? (Don't answer that).  How can I find out, programatically, that Shift + Key.D3 produces '' (it wouldn't on a non-US keyboard).
Size is not my concern though I agree 150 properties is suspicious. Normalizing the bit-fields and creating an extra join table is not worthwhile since the bit-fields have no other properties. Anyway, my resolved ignorance of bit-wise operators renders my question null.
turn around is still slow, but should be much quicker than the 30 seconds you are dealing with.
I agree with less words. 
I didn't know you could do that. Thanks
No, cron won't work when the system is sleeping, so you'd have to wake the system up just before the cron job is due - see vartec's post below.
so SeqI is my datatype, so as parametr to my function I need the address of my sweepEvents list also?
actually, after looking at the code, it IS running... but that function isnt getting called so menu ( still just empty quotes ) is getting appended hence the nothing-ness.  Ill bet 200 rep on this
And just for clarification: Your code looks like a mixture of VBA (ActiveWorkbook) and VBScript (CreateObject). It would surprise me if that should work. Do you want a VBA solution or a VBScript one?
Well since the array stores the rows as objects and not strings, if I do storage.join('') I just get a bunch of [object HTMLTableRowElement] in the output...
And perhaps a link to your other site on this host?
This solution alone has one problem. If the user renames an existing object, for example Blur02 to Blur07, you will get a collision when you generate Blur07. There is no way around checking against all existing names.
Mark -- Man, you're tricky.  If I think of another one, I'll post it, but I think the five pointed star case is dead.
Good point ... I don't think I will be keeping any collection references around between ISessions.
Hi jbu, I hope you got your code working.  I'd like to suggest that, since this a community website, you consider leaving questions open once answered.  Even if the issue is obvious in retrospect, others who have similaridentical problems will then be able to learn from the problem-solving process.
I guess its not possible?
A text file consists of a sequence of characters. If you don't define where one string ends and where the next one starts, the answer is just 1. You could create a function that just returns 1.
I hear you. With C++ you not only learn language but get a better understanding of how the programs are working behind the scenes. With .NETJava you won't get anything beyond some framework knowledge. And don't worry, LINQ is very simple, look at the examples, ask questions here and you have it.
Dhanapal: have you tried googling?
I'll try that JSFL tool as well. I think it's very likely i'll get huge scoping problems because objects that have their code in different swf's talk to each other by using the root object = Or the stage object. Or just strings that may or may not refer to an object :-(
ya Mr Brandon Montgomery its right, But i am  trying to make it using CSS. If i did't get it,I will use Jquery.
Which version do you have? Is it the latest one - 1.4.3?
I would recommend using a three way diff tool over WinMerge that only can show differences between two versions of a file (And not changes to files compared to a origin version). My personal favorite is SourceGear DiffMerge (Free download).
The gulling part is that there is a link to this at the bottom of the wikipedia page.
I was expecting that null is kind of a place holder, but when you use put the value being put make the HashMap no longer equal to null
nice demo, wish more folks would do it.
Thanks for the suggestion, I have never really done anything with threads yet, but this sounds like a good time to start learning :)
Hmm, I do agree with you in what you said, but I haven't had much skill in making a proper parser.  Know of any decent tutorials for XML-esque parsing?  I've found it difficult to find a good one that isn't overly complicated, yet still on the skill level necessary.
fmsf: since you are a noob, you're probably better off using JimmyP's answer.  My answer involves programming on the server and giving a code sample is not trivial.
All questions are closely related.  Splitting them up would lead to close exact duplicate.  it's a good question
Control of the machine is implied in the question.
Seems to me that in this case 2 smaller tests or 1 larger test would result im about the same number of lines. So I would choose 2 smaller test.
John, that's just silly.  She'd be nearly impossible to transport without the bike, plus now you have to feed her for the rest of her life, which makes it a substantial net loss.
simon: yer crazy, man.  This book is an amazing work.  Very fun.  I'm not overly fond of Card in general, but this book has to be his best work, and it's pretty much a must-read for any SF fan (and many non-SF fans.)
ia64 will not be defined for x86, x64, or amd64 builds - the ia64 is a completely different CPU architecture that has no relationship to x86 (except that Intel was involved in its development).
For completeness, there is also the ComponentModel, exposed by TypeDescriptor.GetProperties(...) - which allows dynamic runtime properties (reflection is fixed at compile-time).
better on x86 is a big assumtion, see http:leonardo-m.livejournal.com77877.html it is not that obvious. About MIPS all I have is a old PS2 and a PSP and I cannot really compare since GCC backends have support for SIMD operations using it's internal VFPUs and the LLVM has no support for them yet.
You would use ReadFileEx to start an overlapped IO operation.  See the edit.
Good point, Jason S.
I've done this before -- both ways (ASE to SQL Server and vice versa). Works like a charm
Ahh... never thought of that. The printer in question is on a print server, but user can print to it with other apps ok. What could cause VB6 to get Access denied when trying to Set Printer = x? Does setting the Printer object require having some config rights to the target printer or something?
It's worked fine before. The only part that's changed is the first level of the namespace (SalesWeb -> Wasabi.SalesPortal).
Aren't extension methods part of .net 3.0, i.e. not in VS2005 (.net 2.0)
Thanks for the info :). Down vote is a little harsh, though maybe this should have been a comment.
Im trying to stay away from subqueries to minimize CPU load. No way to do this  in 1 go?
Standard headers are part of the language. Many do define the interfaces to the standard libraries, and there are good reasons not to use those in a kernel or deep embedded system. But others primarily define useful things related to the implementation: stddef.h, limits.h are examples.
Have you actually run out of memory?  If not, this is premature optimization.  If you have run out of memory, then which objects ACTUALLY dominate your memory allocation?  The point is that this kind of thing isn't helpful.
Yes, that sounds right.
Good question. As far as I known, only C++ allows unnamed function parameters. I don't think even C99 allows this. This, when writing pure C code, you can't do that. http:www.comeaucomputing.comtechtalkargwithnoname
Are you using a JavaScript library that's openly available?
McDowell: Thank you very much.
If I'm not mistaken, all .NET versions use  for HTML IDs and  for HTML names and IDs internally.
What's the solution in C?
i really like that interview. it makes it clear for non-c guys like me what's going on with c generics.
I needsome help on fast objects . I often run out of Virtual Memory when I parse an XML of around 15 GB . I am using an expat parser . Do you have a similar experience ?
I've updated my answer.
+1 for the extension way. I also wrote a quick comparison of the different types of category in this answer http:stackoverflow.comquestions360968category-usage-in-objective-c361140361140
It's a royal pain to get this working and keep it working in a server environment.  Not recommended.
Is this how you would you grab the objects when the foreign key ids are coming from multiple tables (kind of like an IN query with multiple parts)?
Great, this is blazing fast! :D
Thanks for raising this red flag. I will definitely move cautiously with GWT with this in mind.
I could explain all about the exact program but I felt it'd be a waste of space and distract from the specific problem at hand.
Orientation = vertical or horizontal (or maybe any other angle like 180 or 270)
This string, is this something you read out from any arbitrary PDF input file? Perhaps you could describe your use case a little more in detail.
However, the difference in the amount of code is also significantly different: 3 lines of code compared to over 100 lines. Thank you very much for your wonderful advice. I guess it's time to close the database monitor and actually get some work done.
Antoine Aubry: I think the site is just down temporarily.  I couldn't find much info on those, but they are related to jpeg compression and the jpeg encoder, so some searching may help.  For C usage of ImageMagick, also see: http:sourceforge.netprojectsimagemagickapp
Makes sense, but still think it would of been a cool feature. Imaging a silverlight application with just a few lines of code, and when it starts, it downloads the additional codes (string), parses it and runs it.
Nick: In the C and VB.NET compilers, a property can only have one type. Inserting the IL after compiling won't help you before compiling. So what John said is right.
It was an interesting exercise, if not all that fulfilling.  If nothing else, I hope seeing the process is constructive to somebody else who may want to benchmark something more meritorious :)
No, but I do have Safari 4's Web Inspector (http:www.apple.comsafarifeatures.htmldeveloper)...
1+ Thank it's really helpfull
Wouldn't using the Page.Cache object force all users to have the same sort order?
I had a look at Lua this weekend...what a cool language...a lot like python in terms of ease of use. I like it :)
C++ doesn't just add an oo layer. It adds a lot of far more interesting features than OOP, and it is worth learning for those other reasons. Screw OOP, that's so last decade ;)
LB: I didn't think of MYFUNC(x) else ... Considering this, you are right. Ilya: I'm afraid no simple solution exists for logging the actual name of x instead of a generic text, sorry.
Yes we looked at the quality of the network connections, and as far as we can tell the network is pretty good...but I am still not entirely convinced.
Right, but doing under the hood is going to better than doing it on top of the hood, to continue the analogy.
+1 because you mentioned databases, often overlooked in these types of lists but a very important concept for any well rounded CS graduate to know.
This doesn't sound easy at all :)
Remember to die() after the header() call.
That's too bad about the storage mechanism.  Doing real-time video from image files is quite a difficult problem.
Apparently it's possible, but with some sort of add-in:
All I have to do now is convince 3 layers of management in a different branch of the company to upgrade our compiler. :-(. Thanks for your help.
It's a good suggestion, but using existing authentication methods could be difficult.  There's the possibility of methods being called in many ways (SOAP, REST, Remoting) from various locations.  Freely accessible as long as you know the password is the aim...
And there you go...
I'm not sure what you're asking.
are bottoLayer dimensions allways the same as totalCanvas Dimentions?
How does storing them on disk help you to compare them? You would still need to write a tool to do it.
Updated my response... hopefully this will give you a better starting point?
If that's the case then I agree with chosta... we need to see the sending code.
brute force might be good for a particular case, how about when it must work for any input which is specified properly within limits?
Hmmm, have you thought a profiler? YourKit has a 15 day trial and plugs into applets quite easily. You should be able to see which line is causing the hang.
That Skeet brand LoadBalancer has routing issues?
Just use wc -l filename. This is good advice, a very simple cparser may be faster that one written in perl. With wc you don't have to write the parser. I use the GnuWin32 tools every day, they are worth getting even if you decide to write a perl parser: http:gnuwin32.sourceforge.net
Sorry about that... I didn't know about the TIFF limitation.
That's really confusing.  Why write a lot of code to determine what variables are used?  Just create an instance, print instance.dict.keys() or do dir(instance) and you know all the attribute names.
+1 - don't ever use regex when you're doing simple string operations. Use builtin functions. This one might be even faster if it used something like (I guess .net has some internal .indexof):
Marc, thanks for pointing that out!
Note that Overloading is a separate concept from Overriding.
The question does seem to state that they run from the commandline. I'm pretty sure you're right about environment variables not being set.
So simple. Thanks, using your idea even 'obj is IEnumerable' and 'obj is IList' is working.  I had tried 'obj is IEnumerable<T>', 'obj is IList<T>'.. interestingly though that did not work.  I have a thought though, T would be a collection.  So perhaps it's testing a list of a list somehow shrug.
Samuel: I added it from the book itself... adding a link to msdn.
I'm pretty sure this is the only way to get the actual styles associated with the class. (as opposed to the calculated styles which are different)
Note that you can write that also as ('div.c2 a').text(); It's not necessary to split it off into another function.
My PHP skill is a little bit rusty but I think you can pass bindArgs into the bindparam function.
An idea if DELETEs are involved: have the summary table have a reference count column; triggers on INSERT increment it and on DELETE decrement it. That should work pretty nicely.
Reed: Correct, the motion can move 5 units to the left, 3 units to the right, 6 units up, 4 units down, etc.
A 32 bit executable running on a 64 bit OS thinks it's running in the 32 bit world - Google WOW64 for more. Try launching the app from a 32 bit environment, such as C:WindowsSysWOW64cmd.exe, so the process will be a 32 bit one, like the DLL.
there may be a problem, tough. what, if i already entered a telephone number and want to remove it? clearing the inputtext would cause the !empty(tel) to be false and skip the update, leaving the original value in place.
Actually, if you multiply it by 229 and add GetDirectories(), you will get the same result, as mine :)
These drivers can talk to just about any modern database version. So you're saying i just pick the newest release and keep my fingers crossed that it has all the bug fixes i need?
We use OpenCV for developing computer vision software. So I learned by doing. I have actually a book called learning OpenCV. People say it is good. I didn't have time to read it yet... Good luck with your thesis!
I've no experience with Spring.NET but I'm a big fan of EntLib blocks. You should read http:weblogs.asp.netricardoperesarchive20090311asp-net-validation-with-the-enterprise-library-validation-block.aspx and http:www.davidhayden.comblogdavearchive20070228PropertyProx
I guess the question is how to split org.hibernate log messages between different log files for each web application.
Yeah, with the don't want to duplicate custom methods requirement, you're out of luck. Into a single DBML file you go.
You have a prompt in your .profile?  That is not normal.  Well, you are going to need to create a separate file that sets up the environment you want the shell to have and source it instead of your .profile.
Or could you exclude all dates that are NULL ?? Just skip those rows?
So you don't need ignoreuserabort(true), do you?
In svn 1.5+ this is not actually the case. Merging a subdirectory, then merging the rest of the same commit from the root does not re-merge the stuff already merged in the subdirectory causing a conflict. The svn:mergeinfo property prevents that from happening.
Alright, I think there options are more along the lines of what I was looking for as we just recently learned about string methods. Thanks for the input!
It appears that the GridView control swallows the Exception unless you set the property-> EnableModelValidation=true
If you haven't run the tests, then you shouldn't check it in yet. Don't check in code that will fail the tests or otherwise break the build.
`Bad usability` and frames and a flash app in the same question?
Do you want to just increment them, or make them all the same? Because you can easily use a regular expression to find them all, even if they have different numbers.
Well there isn't an EmployeeDetailsDto. I said there are classes LIKE that. In fact there really IS a similar class: EmployeeAccountDto extends BaseLdapDto, and this one looks very much like EmployeeDetailsDco extends BaseLdapDco. What is the DCO?? The code looks very much the same. Seems it's doing the same. I thought this is some standardly used acronym.
Git equivalent of Shelve Extension from Mercurial would be git-stash; git equivalent of Mercurial Queues would be Guilt, StGit or TopGit (although the last one isn't patch management interface, but a tool to manage multiple topic branches)
Are you trying to execute code from .py files that may change? If that is the case, have a look at execfile.
Do you want it to start with REG or do you want it to NOT start with REG?
Thanks for the link! But, I wonder, were you asking how to do this with or without this new functionality? I'm guessing without, since you accepted my answer, but I'm a little confused.
Does KDE4Win have a Konsole app included? I couldn't find it.
duplicate of (for example): http:stackoverflow.comquestions737981how-do-i-add-a-textbox-dynamically-in-asp-net
Um, yes, I was focusing on the exact match. But since your solution does all that with a simpler regex, it doesn't matter anymore :)
Jason S: +1, I think indicating google searches that didn't seem to work for you is a good idea for what information to add when asking a question.
That's going to be fun. Thanks a lot for your help!
Sorry Daniel, not if you flip the request at the GET request that returns the form. The get request needs not be secure. It's the post that does. 
Good tips, but I think OP is asking about code folding, not line wrapping.
Thanks. I corrected myself.
Kip, you're correct, I am thinking one thing and writing another. When I tested his answer, I tested it by using the index, not the value, which works since I'm going off the index. Sorry for the confusion.
One more note: If you call out of the loop and there's not enough cache space the new function will be loaded into cache regardless. It may even happen that the original loop will be thrown out of the cache. In this case the call will incur up to three penalties for each iteration: One to load the call target and another to reload the loop. And a third if the loop head is not in the same cache line as the call return address. In that case jumping to the loop head also needs a new memory access.
Well, the parameter tells the cmdlet to return strings instead of FileInfo objects. Remove-Item is smart enough to find out what to remove when getting a FileInfo but with strings it can only assume a pathname ... and since those are relative to the path you specified ... it can only guess. The -Name parameter is probably only there for display purposes; using objects is much easier in a pipeline, though.
Simple. I like it. We have a winner!
resize(originalImage,new File(imagesgoyanuevotamanio.jpg),350, 0.2f);
with GWT that should be considered the object code and not source. The two are not equivalent.
Any bits where JRubyJython's relative immaturity could cause problems could be remedied by routing those bits to Java-language (or Groovy) code. And you still get to keep the widely-used Java-platform libraries. :-)
It is possible, but as you have already found out, it is not very practical.
Maybe this is the way to go:
Thanks. I must read this C 3.0 spec. :)
Yeah, and they do a lot of flash as well for the graphs.
It's not clear what problem you're trying to solve here.
Does homeprosperity have the correct permissions?
No, I haven't. Why does it matter if it is in AS3? AS3 controls mix perfectly well with Flex. Check out the non-Cairngorm fork of the former.
Another quick question, about terminology, should I call element like Information in my sample, A. Not belongint to any namespace or B. belong to no namespace or C. Local element?
-1 for the bad performance myth.
Could return from 5 as well since its not going to be higher.
What is the datatable? Could you elaborate a bit on the technology used. Is this a .NET datatable?
What's wrong with just removing all commas within the string... E.g. String.replace(',','');
sample:
just to add to that, what is a phantom read, dirty read, repeatable read, lost update and which isolation levels can help
Yeah, you can 'prepend' the CSS (same way as I described but with 'prepend(style)' instead of 'append(style)'. In this way, the current CSS you have will override the CSS in the newly attached CSS and only the new stuff the new CSS sheet provides will work. Remember, CSS, stands for 'Cascading Style Sheets'. Meaning, whatever is listed last and most specifically will be used.
A user would go to a Seller and request buyint a title. The Seller will provide the Software that is in fact the set of 'InstallationMedia' and a key acquired from the SoftwareProducer (that has declared that Seller as viable). You can implement access control through private+friendship, but you have ended up with a more complex model.
Alright ! Of all the answers I tried, yours is the best ! But how to read unicode out of the file I just saved ? I used my utility to read it and got this : 00ef 00bb 00bf 00e4 00b8 008a 00e6 00b5 00b7
Nice answer, start by checking the correctness of your number. Once this is done, you just have to remove every commas...
It shouldn't be too hard to write a parser for astronomy picture of the day's html - it only has a single IMG tag (for now).
Returning NO causes webview1 to be blank.  When the main view loads, the above method also fires.  Since it results in a blank webview1, there will never be any links to click.
Does the structures directory contain an init.py file and an index.py file?  Or do you have some other file layout?
But you've committed the data to Service Broker's queue, and that queue itself is reliable. I guess it could fail after being successfully written to SB's queue, but that seems like a different issue. It's an interesting question.
+1 for this answer. UI is User Interface, not screen design. For you, as a blind person, the interface you deal with is different to that of a sighted user. I'd approach the question from this point of view.  Good vs. Bad UI is very subjective. Notepad might be good UI for some, bad for others, and for the same reasons.
 might not be a good example, since it will be in the email address... but that's just an example.
Isn't it go slower and have fewer bugs.  I read 15 to 35 increase in initial development time to mean the TDD guys thought it took longer.
True - and float, float is NOT the interface. float height, float GPA is the real interface.
Just ran into this. Does anyone have a solution?
Marked as answer because of the link. (it shows how to create an attachment from bytes)
OK, I'll make a change to the structure...
Same with OracleCommand, I suspect. Anything disposable needs to be disposed, probably in a using block.
If this is a question for a specific case, then: are you sure you need the Universal uniqueness?
I only use a grid view and bind that into a one table of a database.this site don't have code,all of work donig correctly,but when I uplad my project,cant see next page.
The events that I need to trap are raised by the ActiveX control embedded in the page, not the Applet
I have tried with `date('H:i:s.u')` but I always get 000000 as microseconds.
Greg - Is there a way to return only the rowcount instead of returning both the results and the rowcount?  I'm trying to fine tune this as much as possible.  Thanks!
Good point. The object which called the function is this.
Thanks for spotting that; I mixed up the fields (I've corrected it now).  You also partly answer my question by stating that the GC won't call Dispose(false), which makes me wonder why VS2005 uses this overload at all.
Not sure why that might be.  A Form derives from Control and therefor is a Control itself.  It's simply a container control.  It really has very little overhead, unless the children it contains do a lot of work at construction (and that's no fault of the Form).
Great answer. This better articulates the points in my post. Well done.
I thought you could get away with not doing any hacks by limiting your requirements to those of the technology - many technologists hate to do that but that's what I would do - say no to js & css hacks and just say sorry - we can't do x in GWT but we can do y instead.
Ok that worked except that it still opens up a Development Server for all the web pages at the bottom right taskbar. Is this normal?
Oh, and also, I need to change the content-type to applicationx-www-form-urlencoded as you're sending regular POST params. In my case I was sending XML in the post params field and it mandated that content-type.
I see, i was able to find a great way to use this. So its probably the best way to do it. Slightly adjusted but yeah, this does it.
Right.  I would to avoid this if at all possible.
How could the C compiler work out what type action was meant to be, if it were declared with var? Simple: function types should be first class structural types, not this named delegate stuff. And quoted code should be noted as such. But I guess that won't change now :).
ysth, the task was chose at random, I could have chosen anything.  As I have stated several times, the purpose of this question is to collect examples of full parsers, not to solve the example with specialized libraries that use parsers.  This answer would be fine if the question was How do I extract links from HTML with Perl?, but the question is Can you provide an example of parsing HTML with your favorite parser?; therefore the task is demonstrate a parser, not extract links.
All I can think of is, if character data is stored in a hash (e.g., each player has a runtime-assigned GUID as hash key), you're going to have lots of fun locating which bucket to go for. :-P
Go nuts! I'm using it all the time. Love Linq 2 Sql :)
A better term is z-buffer problems. 2 might be independent of your modelling system - are you running on Windows? If so set it at the desktop level and see if that helps.
Yes, [1] is displayed.
Wouldn't it be better to replace it with just
To be fair, I didn't specify XPath 1 or XPath 2. The simplicity of the XPath is also important. As the number of attributes grows, your XPath 2 solution is far less complex than Rob's and Jeff's solutions.
much appreciated! To be fair I think KyleFarris has the most elegant solution so I gave him the answer :).
This method may trigger a browser's clickjacking detection.  http:en.wikipedia.orgwikiClickjacking
Look at the return type from the API - which was created before generics. There's really not much you could do to avoid that.
Regarding 2: Exceptions are a standard tag in CXML Doc. One would assume that StyleCop would force them if it notices a thrown exception in the method. 
Cool I learned something new myself, I would have thought it would require dynamic sql
I always use this format. In my opinion, it's the most readable and allows for the easiest editing in the future.
You can also create an ODBC DSN for the connection in Control Panel and then connect to that in your code.
OK, but they affect multiple records at the same time, I don't want another request affecting the same records while the first request still in action. In simple words, I want to have something like the lock keyword in C but want it to work in a distributed way.
I'm pretty sure rolen isn't a word...
Marc, do you know that NDepend can help a lot churning code coverage data? See here: http:codebetter.comblogspatricksmacchiaarchive20080409make-the-most-of-your-test-coverage-data.aspx
Until now i simply fired a TOP 1 select to subsonic for one of my tables and catched the sqlexception. So i got the information.. but with the db connection timeout delay...
What do you mean by take care of this? In contrast to leap years where you have an additional day (29th February), the leap seconds are not so specific; they are just one second delays between two minutes, without this explicit distinction like the 29th February.
no it doesn't. append is never called, because error occurs at the initialisation of Popen, which is fairly obvious from your error stack. so yes it is a syntax error on your part. no SyntaxError raised, but a syntax issue nevertheless.
Neil you are a life saver :)
I did a bit of testing, and its a struct marshaled as `LPStruct` that doesn't work - I'll edit the post appropriately. Additionally, there is one more (fairly major) caveat: The memory pointed to (the SimpleStruct in C code) needs to have been allocated by the CLR, since it adds a reference to it and will try to garbage collect it. I'll add this to the post as well. So it looks like you will have to go with the IntPtr approach.
Just one thing that doesn't sound right: Unix domain connections appear as byte streams: Local sockets can be both byte streams (SOCKSTREAM) and datagrams (SOCKDGRAM and SOCKSEQPACKET).
Always use .css files for maintainability.  Look at Subtext.  Create your own theme folder and .css files and carry on.
For some reason, I ended up using string.Equals( )...
KeithB: Funny.  My big 3-year project I mentioned was also scientific computing on clusters.  SCons would never have been a problem.
I noticed something similar to this the other day.  I didn't get very far in determining if it was a bug or something wrong on my part.  Seeing you question here makes me think it is a bug or just different then expected (that is a bug too, right?)  I'll try it again and see what I come up with.
good advice. But maybe provide some of the key concepts that the book will discuss in relation to pang's question?
I meant no then yes, but with the questions the other way around. Have rolled back an edit and edited (and put a bit more information in).
Thanks for that... you will notice that I didn't quote the phrase or blame Bill for it. It may not really have been said by anyone in seriousness, but the attitude was not unfamiliar to anyone who had to pay for a large block of memory....
Continuing form annakatas point: But who are you (or anyone) to decide what the way it is meant to be played is? Other people have real life obligations too, so by skipping them you are still gaining an unfair advantage. Personally, I don't like MMORPGs for similar reasons: other players ruin it for me (not just bots; griefers, people who ruin the theme, whatever) and so they don't appeal to me. However, to me, the fact that you need to use a bot in the first place outlines a fundamental flaw
PPC and ARM don't necessarily exist. In case of Xbox 360, it's not possible to have JIT technically (no code can be generated at runtime). The same on some mobile platforms (e.g. iPhone, even if it's not related to .NET). So on those platforms, it's likely that .NET code uses traditional virtual machine of full ahead of time compilation (no JIT at runtime).
But when it destroys the DOM tree, it has to create it again when creating another object. I was thinking of string id-based object definition and keeping Dictionary<string, XmlNode> or something like that.
sorry. quick preview search had shown nothing related.
Look at the Wikipedia page on DFT: http:en.wikipedia.orgwikiDiscreteFouriertransformExpressingtheinverseDFTintermsoftheDFT
Paul: I guess the 15 rep for the accepted checkmark (plus the upvotes one may get) are just to tempting.
Is that a yes? :) I'm inclined to accept it as such. Do people really try to write systems in which events are dynamically enlisteddelisted from multiple threads as they are firing? (I'm mostly a GUI man on the CLR so far.) If so, I'd imagine this null reference problem is only the start of their problems.
I was hoping I didn't have to do that, I suppose I'll have to select the ID's into a temp table since the relationship isn't a parent child one. once the rows from one table is gone there is no way to get the other rows.
yes it is, and I'm glad that we're thinking along the same lines. I edited the first example to be more clear as you were typing your comment :)
He didn't say API, he said ACPI: http:en.wikipedia.orgwikiACPI
Thanks a lot. You guys are the best! Just what I needed, and problem solved  (and my apologies to Dimitre for not providing a well-formed XML, won't happen again :) )
altCognito - I use jQuery every time I need to any sort of client-side scripting these days. As powerful as it is, there are still many times when knowing how things like splice() and getTimezoneOffset() will save me a ton of headache.
Yea that's what I figured. Not a necessity, but it would have been nice. I think I'll add a ToolboxData attribute with the Property in it, so it's there right away.
 Definition: The text between the start-tag and end-tag is called the element's content  (http:www.w3.orgTRxmldt-content);  Definition: An element with no content is said to be empty.  (http:www.w3.orgTRxmldt-empty)
Be warned that if this is in a shared environment, it may take you a little while to implement Entity Framework.  I only used Generics, and had a Linq set sitting by, luckily the application was loosely coupled, because I ran into an issue using GoDaddy and Entity at the same time.  I am sticking with Linq for now.
Indeed. Thank you.
Thanks very much for this!
Hehe, great, glad you got it working :)
I'd say point 16.13 is even more to the point - and it seems there MIGHT be a case (not this one probably) where such intentional lack of [] might be needed - it would be if someone did not override the new and delete operators correctly in the first place and wondered why it's not called or how to get it called ;)
Elegant solution!
Passing the name of the variable to the constructor is what I have been doing so far, though was wondering whether there is perhaps a different way of achieving the same thing.
We don't generate sub-queries at this time so that bit shouldn't be a problem.  But thanks anyway for the pointer -- and the news that there's no good way to estimate the cost of a query (bad news, but, better to learn before I spend unbounded time chasing a chimera!).
What are you trying to achieve?
Thanks. I do use properties, but I want to get behind the scene what's happening :)
There's a great message for programmers in this book which is to build the worldcode you want and let the rest go to hell. This book more than anything else helped me let go of the bull..it and just do a good job with the work I was given.
But how would you access the node 7 for example without using extra space? To recurse to find such a node would take space, and if you stored all nodes in another data structure that would tkae extra space as well.
I understand what you are suggesting. What I was pointing out was that in order to accomplish this without inline JavaScript containing CSS rules in the HTML page (Yuch!) I would have to add the rule to the stylesheet. This would make things inaccessible for users without JavaScript enabled. The point is moot now anyway as I have resolved the Firefox bug. So the only question that remains is a way of writing my if then else loop more elegantly without breaking functionality when an anchor tag is not present!
i input a couple of urls and press enter 2 times:
My real challenge is to stop the service from jumping around? Are there threads that I don't know?
suppose the class I am testing is a thread-safe queue - how do I meaningfully unit test that without using multiple threads?
Works like a charm. For no good reason (except being a  creature of habit) I would like this to be within IE ...but you can't always get what you want ;-)
Of course I used flash.sampler.clearSamples() as well with this and no luck.
It is not circular because the credit card table does not keep a record of the orders for which it is used; the orders table keeps a record of the credit card(s) which were used for the order.
le dorfier: nice find! that one elluded me! :)
str.format() only works in 2.6+ and py3k
My bad,
i am new around here and i am feeling ma way around
But i think websites which register with us also require to user openid, but there is a case where register websites are not using openID
thanks........................ had to get to 15 chars to say a thanks
I think you're right - like I said I doubt this is the actual problem. You should still use the stride though, I believe.
Doesn't answer the question, does it?
I'm not sure I understand...  Are you saying that the version supported is the version where the IDNA standard was added?
So what you're saying is that most people's home page is essentially one restful resource, where this situation warrants a special case to not map to a controller that relates to a model.
That was it. Thx!
Hmmm, after CSSXHTML you might be too damaged to ever think logically again.  ;-)
Sweet! I never knew that WMP could do that. Thanks for the tip!
This would require that all developers (distributed in our case), would have to keep these scripts in sync. I would rather export from the svn into the DocumentRoot on the same server and fix all locations through a single script.
Why are you rehashing the Entity Attribute Value model with different words?  http:en.wikipedia.orgwikiEntity-Attribute-Valuemodel.  Is there a reason for changing the terminology?
also ps aux  grep svn does not returns this
Humm.  How about hijacking the connection authentication?  Maybe using a separate authentication service that returns some token you can pass along to the connection API.  Blocks other clients from connecting because they can't do the same dance.  Kinda ugly maybe.
Oh, you mean masterServer.BeginConnect() ? In that case use BeginConnect()'s callback parameter to get the asynchronous functionality. I'll update my answer to include that code.
i dont think that this is a really nice solution... im not even aware if it works (i didnt test it...). Floating the List Entries easier and u still have the option to hide specific elements with display:none;. The Numbers can be prepended with list-style-type:decimal;
Thanks for the constructive moaning Andrei. Where is your list of Pros and Cons?
I updated my reply.
I don't think Shoulda is built into Rails: testunit is there, and there's support in recent versions for minitest. Are you working on Windows or nix? I - just about - got autotest working on Windows, but it was painful and unreliable and I soon gave up.
The only problem is that the caption bar buttons of Notepad are preserved, so one can still minimize, maximize or close Notepad. For a proper solution probably the whole caption bar should be removed. Depending on the requirements more might be necessary, but the problem in the question is solved by above code.
Thanks Matthew Flaschen,
Why can't you just widen the values to unsigned long long?
There is no need to fake form submission. Form submission is just a post method. In .NET it's equally easy to send POST and GET methods using HTTPWebRequest class (http:www.netomatix.comhttppostdata.aspx)
Thanks John for my purposes USA and United States Of America would be differenent.
Nice. What can help you deliver in time and on budget more than using new skills. Of course, this is a long-term view: the shorter-term task might get slowed down. But if you stay motivated and you are learning and you are producing, isn't that a huge benefit to your client?
This works great for me, thanks!
Firing people is necessary sometimes, but if the structure isn't in place to nurture and encourage team-growth amongst the people you hire to replace them, then you'll find a whole new set of people who need to be fired, only you'll be 16 months behind, instead of 12 months at this point.
Was calling finalize. That was causing the issue. Thanks.
void f(typename T::constiterator t); << here, T appears in a undeducible context. even when calling it with a vector<int>::constiterator, for example, it won't be able to deduce vector<int> for T. the reason is that the meaning of ::constiterator depends on T. but T again depends on the meaning of ::constiterator. that's why boost::implicitcast is coded like this: template<typename T> T implicitcast(typename identity<T>::type t)  return t;  here again, we have an undeducible context.
So how are you able to work with other people who have different opinions what is readable and what not? I work with 40 other (and smart!) developers and pretty much everybody has their idea how the code should be formatted and what is readable. If we were stepping on each others like that, working together would be a hell and we would have never accomplished anything.
The question here is not who legally owns the code, but who needs to maintain and debug a particular part of the codebase. If it is the coworker, I say the code should look the way he likes, even if most of us prefer the other way.
Which I believe is a good way to present problem instead of 2 paragraph essay?
What kind of environment are you running in?  Tomcat?  What version?
XML is a LOT bulkier than AMF. I think AJAX requires more expertise than Flex. There are browser compatibility issues and it can become very complicated.
i completely agree with you, session is definitely not meant to act as a large data persistence medium but to be used for small chunks of data.
Yes.. essentially, most browsers implement the http request limit, which allows only two simultaneous requests to a given host-name.  You can look here for more information.  <http:developer.yahoo.comperformancerules.html>
That makes sense.  So the SSL certificate is specific to that machine.  I was imagining it was just a really long password.  Thanks.
sorry, that should say categoryRepeater.currentIndex
This will match 000 and the like, which may or may not be acceptable.  And in Perl 5.8 and 5.10 d will match things that are not [0-9] (such as MONGOLIAN DIGIT 5 U+1815)
Eric Mills: Go work for a bank, or qualify your answer.  Maybe you are unaware or underestimating the impact erroneous (or even malicious) code changes can have on a company.  Hours of work lost, bazillions of space credits blown.  Careers have been destroyed over these kinds of things, people fired on the spot.  Probably not something you'll understand until you are personally responsible for an insanely important system...and some cowboy wants to tweak it at will.
yes, that is what I mean, how to join it to the domain
Thanks, guys! I tracked it down to a really stupid bug. facepalm
At least I got confused by the language agnostic tag. But in any case this is what we get for Microsoft naming their implementation the same as their base class. Bad coding practice!
+1 for the Inno Setup tip: It includes deflate, bzip2 and 7-Zip LZMA file compression, so very small installers are possible. It will shine if there are similar files to compress, I have an installation where the ZIP package is about one third larger than the installer file (both containing the same files).
Russ - I was speaking figuratively rather than literally - i.e. return something which conceptually represents a dictionary such as a sequence of key-value pairs.
Steve, can you please post a sample of your code?
I was busy looking up the links :(
Yes, indeed, that works. But this is not an option for me :-(
Exactly. You're not supposed to get X. You're supposed to check whether the client knew the correct x by sending it different G and P, and check if their results agree with yours. But at no point is x supposed to be transmitted.
Thanks for sorting me out again Larry!
FANTASTIC tip!  Is there a way to put the value that's causing problems into the message?  sui is taken won't work since it gets eval'd at the wrong time.
mines a step-by-step guide to creating a basic drilldown report, without using the wizard.
That looks useful, thanks!
If you're merely editing an application, it really depends on what it was made in. Chances are it was made in Flash, so you should use that if you want. I'm assuming you know what you can do with Flash, so just to illustrate the difference between that and Flex, here is an application made in Flex: http:www.volkswagen.co.ukusedsearch See how it's business like? It has a regular GUI, just like every other desktop app. Keep in mind - anything you can do in Flex you can do in Flash, and vice versa. But depending on your application, one may be easier than the other.
Why would you end up with higher quality code? Explain?
What if a non-external link's href starts with http: ?
Whatever you decide, you do need to raise the defaults; they will almost certainly be too low for your hardware. MySQL's defaults are very conservative.
Be sure to explicitly pass the size of that array, otherwise you risk another bug when someone accidentally passes a different sized array without thinking about it.
CommuSoft: Point taken, I hadn't considered that.  In that case, the +- would surely be the better way to go.
Hi Dustin. Do you happen to have your modifications that made the output look similar to that of the screenshots above?
You need to provide more information. What errors are you getting?
It's not a problem with simultaneous processes per se, but perhaps multiple Ruby processes (I don't use ActiveRecords so I can't say.) But I have implemented pretty much the scheduling app you describe, and I did need to design it to allow for simultaneous users, and it didn't require any heroic database programming. I just hate to see an upvoted popular answer implying that it's inevitable that the database must deal inevitably with it because it can't be handled in the proper abstraction layers. Unfortunately, though, that's the conventional wisdom.
Why          7?
I would probably phrase it as
That's the point of WouldCommitWork(): only legal transactions pass on to Commit(). Regarding the split-brain possibility of having both A and B servicing users without being able to communicate anymore: You need at least 2N+1 (N>0) servers to avoid that and servers who find themselves in a minority group must shutdown. See http:techthoughts.typepad.commanagingcomputers200710split-brain-quo.html and also http:en.wikipedia.orgwikiTwo-phasecommitprotocol
Why not 600D and 500D
perl Makefile.PL INSTALLBASE=homeirrajuPadWalker gave me this error 'INSTALLBASE' is not a known MakeMaker parameter name. Even PREFIX option gave me the same
Nice post, very valid point! +1
For those who want extended discussion - let's start with http:www.prodata.ltENProgrammingOPUcomputingmodel.pdf.
Unnecessary object creation. Also, I find it less readable, but that's a matter of preference.
Windows has accessibility options to work without a mouse (Mouse Keys it is called). I'm sure other OSes have similar options. In windows you do need a number pad, though, so laptop use is rather limited.
I would typically use Dictionary if I wanted to actually invoke some action or function delegate. however, I am looking to instantiate some subclass, not invoke a method. I mean, sure, I can wrap the creations inside methods and use Dictionary to invoke using the type as a key. But the point of this was, is this a factory method?
I think if someone figures out the cross-platform hackkludge to detect with 90 accuracy that a tab has just been closed versus closing a page any other way, they will become a hero on the web.
Because I am not my own hero, like you are mine now. I have much to learn!! Thank you all!!
What happens with classes that have virtual methods defined in this case?
Do you mean whether something was build with debugging symbols and left unstripped? 
I'd like to leave that to Hibernate
Have you tried the second option too?
Yes, the application would check the value of 'name' and if it's not null or if it doesn't contain only numbers, then store it. The JDO annotation logic seems to be saying, whenver the value associated with any of these fields marked 'persistent' changes to any new value then let's update the database with the new value.
See below for a bit of VB.NET magic. I would still urge you to create new view and select strongly typed view and then ModelName.EvaluationTemplate as the type. Thats the best guide you will get.
Kent: marcog's solution also loads all lines into memory -- both these solutions will have roughly the same memory usage.
nice tip about using memcached
A lot of people would probably beg, or even pay you, NOT to use Visual Source Safe.
Why not include this first and last name in the comparison predicate? Then you have to sort only once.
Or the whole object if its a member of a List<T>
And the difference between them is properly considered a script difference, not a character set difference.
I use both Java and CVB.Net at work, and the Java Stack collection does have a remove(Object) method (because the Collection interface does).  It's interesting that .NET's Stack doesn't.  Now that I know, it can't trip me up later.
I think the three above are good options to give you what you need to get going, but there'll be some coding (no cut n'n paste hack) to get speak to text working. From my very limited experience of using Sphinx with Asterisk PBX, I'd go for that on the free (beer and speech) vote for a small personal project.
Deque is a standard interface in Java from 6 on.  Implementations are LinkedList<E>, ArrayDeque<E>, and LinkedBlockingDeque<E>.  As you may have  noticed, LinkedList was retrofitted with this interface.
++ I'm not sure where it would fit in a lesson plan, but it is cute.
Wow... it really does look like fun!
Perhaps I misunderstood you. I don't believe you will benefit a lot from interning. If all your strings are in code they will be interned per default. However, if they are not in code they will not be interned. Likewise, if you concatenate them at runtime the new strings will not be interned unless you do so yourself.
Well, the whole extension is a global scope. So either he litters the global scope with a bunch of crap, or he sticks it all in one object, and litters the global scope with that one object (plus an onload to bootstrap it). I did the latter.
 David, this code covers cases where you are debugging with python -i and with PDB like you are supposed to.
That said, a condition variable from either pthreads or Cocoa (NSConditionLock) is a far better choice for this specific situation.
Pretty good. But I was interested in declaring the source of a new element's attributes and events, not the innerHTML of an element.
It does work with pushssl = false in your hgrc
I like the simplicity of the dynamic cast idea. But having the processing packaged up with the message itself is more OO, isn't it?
Your examples (strangely!) give me a notion (which I am sure is wrong) that all you want is some string replacemnet. Even (Unicode) regex would work.
How serious are you about this question?  That is, are you just curious or do you want to look under the covers to see what is really going on?
I am running this function but it gives a INVALID statement error.
Well 40 is way too long, there must be some characters you aren't seeing.  A quick fix for you might be:
This may not be a format that is appropriate for parsing with a regular expression. Can you post a reference to what this format is?
Stop making answers which contain valuable question information... just edit your question.
Quite interesting actually. Is it so that action constructor parameters will automatically be mapped to ActionParameters collection keys?
You don't need to community wiki this question.
Richie fixed typo
Am I not allowed to change the renderer inside a listener? I want to re-format the table when a button is pressed.
zachrrs a common alternative, especially when referring to upper management, is supposing all of senior management die in a plane crash.
Though xcode is switching to clang, sometime in the future if I'm not mistaken.
I see, thanks Tormod. I am using eed3si9n's solution and this converter http:pxtoem.com.
thanks Deviant, but Comet seem too complex for me =)
I'm just curious - why do you want to do this? Are you writing a better UI for picking language?
Also, your original code would yield as many parameter elements as there are elements in the paramsList, while refactored code will always produce exactly one parameter element, with name and value attributes being set length(paramsList) times on it. I don't think you have it refactored correctly.
Unfortunately, this is busybox netstat, so it doesn't support -p. But node 11085 only turns up in the netstat output once anyway, so it seems that it only belongs to the process I already know about.
Thanks for your help gave you an upvote...
Time is not all that random. I wrote some online gambling software once and we weren't allowed to use a time-based random generator to decide what cards to deal. Turns out, it's quite easy to guess roughly what time the server is running on based on the hand you are dealt.
Looked around some more.  Doesn't look like you are going to be able to click the Flash object within the Selenium IDE.  You need to use Selenium RC and a plugin. http:clearspace.openqa.orgmessage59114
And what's an iPhone?
+1 You beat both me and Chas to the punch.
I'm torn between whether to downvote for the first paragraph (which talks about stuff way too high level for a n00b), or upvote for the last two
Sorry dude, I keep reading your question and I don't understand what you are asking.
I once worked on a CPU design where sizeof(char), sizeof(short), sizeof(int), sizeof(long), and sizeof(float) were all 1. Had <limit.h> existed then, CHARBIT would have been 32. Luckily for most programmer's sanity, the customer abandoned the project and it never went anywhere.
jalf - `unsigned long` is still the largest integral type in ISO C++. Support for ULonglong isn't added until TR1 gets approval. That is what I was hinting at with the iswas thing BTW.
+ 1 hmm...interesting. Excuse my ignorance, so you're saying, by expressing a lambda expression i.e. obj=>obj.date = Now in the Method call, all I have to do in the implementation is just execute that delegateactionfunc?
Do you mean wrap text, and not indent text?
I think I have bound it to high up the root, and now it wants to use a repository it shouldn't be using
If you have access to the error log of the web server, please look there, you'll finf a more detailed error message there
Wow, you guys are fantastic!  This worked exactly as I wanted. Thanks!  This is a great site and the speed of response is unbelievable...
Thanks yeah I was writing them for example, but yeah it would be new instances everytime. But the count should be staticglobal, because there might be gaps if I rely on the last one.
I see, so where would I enter that code?
Could you please explain a bit more?  What do you mean by get the variable between navigate url?  What is the expected output?
Can the developer still explicitly add an ignored filetypedirectory from their working copy?
And they'll be more pleased with Oh, that's the Gnarflaxer.B malware, download a 3rd party uninstaller and uninstall firefox.? Because that'll still be the fix. I don't know about your users, but mine are happier when you resolve their issues. Unless your job is security researcher, use the fix that people have found, report it somewhere (since it seems like it only affects Firefox, probably the Mozilla support forums), and move on.
Tom, I can't use (myelt).click() here because the code I want to run is in a string. (See my comments to other answers here as well.)
Wouldn't it be more efficient to use LinkedList instead of ArrayList. add(0, obj) with ArrayList is probably O(N) operation (shifting the whole array one step forward), whereas with LinkedList it would be O(1) operation?
Yacc and Bison don't create recursive-descent parsers, but table-driven shift-reduce (i.e., bottom-up) parsers.
Robert, ParoXon, yes 32 is correct (must be in the habbit of using 42 in examples)
Hi, Thanks for this answer but it doesn't seem to make a difference, as i tried this and the private bytes didn't go down:
I've voted you up for the suggestion of checking for floats. Good thinking, however that's not the problem, as the updated version reveals with no WHERE clause.
hoverIntent is a plugin designed to make hover work better .. no queuing up of events, which leads to them being fired one after the other. I've provided a link up top too.
Note that if firebug, there's a bug that will turn all the animation made in jQuery doing some repeating actions.
Sorry, but this was not my questions, I wanted to know the PID of the application that connected to my port, not the PID of the application that bind to the port.
Hi
I would say using generics and functions would be a better thing to do in this case. Then you don't have to force a bunch of classes into implementing an interface. You might want to use that ToSelectList function on a class that does not have an ID or Description, and where adding it would be not very logical (or for example the Description property should really be called something else).
ToSelectList can also be made an extension method.
Second: You're assuming that Jet is SQL-based at the lowest level: certainly not! I doubt there has ever been a DBMS that uses SQL in its native engine. The whole point of SQL is to avoid having to get involved in low level code at the engine level. Look at an execution plan for a query in SQL Server: you'll see that at the engine level there is procedural code -- it even mentions loops! -- being the antithesis of SQL's set-based paradigm...
I guess the OP wanted to be spoonfed ... Rather than this mess of nested loops, I'd start with wrapping the String in a StringReader, and that in a LineNumberReader, then use a readLine() loop. String.startsWith() is a clean way of identifying the lines you care about (although you should trim() first), and there's no good reason to check the line length. Refactor the tokenization into its own method for potential reusability, and as I noted below, probe a HashSet to find validinvalid values.
However, I've made it more explicit that I'm referring to ASP.NET WebForms.
I hope you're not sending 15,000 rows to the user!
Other than an icon and color, what is this full information?  Why can't that happen just by subclassing a classthat has the meta-properties of color and icon defined?  And if I want to create a specific type of Data, how do I know whether to stereotype it <<Data>> or subclass the Data class?
should be: Windows 7 => (Windows NT 6.1)
+1, really interesting - thanks dalke :-)
ZendFramework has a very specific naming scheme to make it easier for the user to sub-class and override default zend helpers and classes thereof.
Sidenote: all of big three of top OSS DVCS have similar support for interacting with Subversion, also Mercurial and Bazaar (not only Git with git-svn).
HTML::StripScripts is a whitelist.
No, i've got no such errors in Firebug... And yes, the pages are all from the same domain.
this is a TERRIBLE solution and it will come back to bite you really badly when the hierarchy changes.  It's something my company has been slowly refactoring out of our system for years... so painful.  I'll try to dig up a better approach that I saw once.
I don't know what book you cited -- above covers a lot of ground! What I meant was the only Microsoft-published book on the Jet database engine, Microsoft Jet Database Engine Programmer's Guide by Dan Haught and Jim Ferguson, of which I have the 2nd edition, published in 1997.
Upvoting as this is a bettern answer.
I like this approach. I have some specific requirements for audio part. Audio files are separate files distributed on CD or USB or whatever.
If the user's default browser is not Firefox, should you force them to use it?
good question, can you elaborate on the performance requirements and scale of the issue at hand.
How are you seeing the result? When I run the script it works fine for me.
I checked the event logs.. unfortunately no error was recorded.
+1, but if the OP doesn't need the full range for all of the individual data elements he should use the technique outlined in http:stackoverflow.comquestions282019 and fold the boolean into one bit of one of the other data elements, saving another byte in the process. On modern processors less memory consumption at the cost of more cpucycles is nearly every time a performance win as well.
Either I don't really understand you question, or you example has a mistake. Do you want to remove a map entry for map2 if it's key exists as a key in map1 ?
Reflector suggests using the following (but equivalent) line:
Agreed, but perhaps you should edit your answer to say 'unspecified'. There's an important difference.
Yes i have the receive action defined in my controller1. I then want my controller2 to be able to send an action to controller1 (like NSButton does). In interface build you can drag a line FROM NSButton to the control that should receive the signal. This functionality can't be limited to just apple objects there, must be a way to do it.
run this trace in production, or where ever it is happening. If you never see the deadlock again, good do nothing.  if you see it, this will record what happened and then you can figure out what is going on.
in DB2 instead of IsNull you may write coalesce(leftid,rightid)
Lol! Thanks for the vote ! :D
SkippyFire, returning a string will return a reference to a string in the heap, not a copy. They're immutable, however, so modifying the string will result in an entirely new string being created on the heap, and a new reference created. You should be able to safely treat them like value types, even though they're not. System.String is implemented to give you the best of both worlds.
Added the use of Tree::add, it's right at the end of the Festival segment. 
because it came from some reflection that needs to plug in to some existing functionality (requiring the Expression<Func<TObj, TProperty>>). I know its not a biggie, just wondered if there was some advanced generics technique I was unaware of
Removed the meta tag because a lot of people have it set as an ignored tag: no one was seeing your question.
I am learning that they are actually easier to read.  I would have agreed with you six months ago.  I am going to make an edit and see if that is not easier to read
added the code...
Just to make things clear, the standard deviation formula we use when updating is upload.wikimedia.orgmath9  (see right hand side). And when doing the moving average z-score the average comes from the moving average of x and the average x^2 comes from the moving average of x^2. With these values the standard deviation formula becomes std = sqrt([average x^2] - [average x]^2). Once, you have the moving average and the moving standard deviation, the z-score calculation is the same.
isn't node = this in the first place?
Wow, I snooze, I lose... What they said...
+1. Excellent answer. Your password encryption scheme is eerily similar to what I was about to post...
Thanks... didn't even think it was an actual function name or I would have searched for it!  Figured it was some complex scheme I hadn't heard of...
Unwind's answer has the right response... are there any errors you can give us that indicates why this hasn't worked for you? If not, then spend the 5 minutes necessary to try and build it and let us know what happens.
Nice work!     .
Asronomer yes. Developer yes. Developing Astonomy apps no.
I agree. I also learned from that book a lot.
It's use isn't totally intuitive (bad coding-I know) but if I do graph3 = graph2-graph1 then graph 3 is supposed to receive only those vertexes in both graph 2 and graph 1.
int is shorter than long
Depending on the terminal emulator, using the gui is also faster. :)
Thanks Jon,
what is relative paths?? is it the ..folderfile.php??
< names.each do name >
I'm not kidding around, Eye of Hell - it is impossible to color the character before the character that triggers the coloring, if you don't either have some buffering or some lookahead.
Good catch, sorry for the dupe.
Please see Mark Ransom's post.
Add turn that into a behavior.
claco the routing table is less about the number of NICS and more about the addresses discovered by the default gateway.  Because you have a single NIC - your addresses share the same default gateway - they have the same metrics.
Excellent! thanks!
Perfect, thanks!
One thing this fails to address is performance.  Mutlicast is MUCH slower.  For an occasional event that's not big deal but if you raise a lot of them it might be an issue.
Oh, I found that windows s firstResponder itself usually responds to setInsertionPointColor:, but sometimes it doesn t (like, in Mail.app it uses some kind of WebView to display message editor).
you obviously need to write code that can handle the problems you describe. This is not the same kind of synchronization you need in other languages to prevent threads from interfering with each other by reading incomplete results from memory or overwriting each others changes in between larger operations.
+1 for indicating the duplicate when no one else could find it! I was surprised this question hadn't been closed already!
Interesting point, perhaps I haven't been utilizing all the features to notice the difference between the hosting plans. It seems that for most drop-in sites or things I've coded, they've been more than enough and similar if not the same price.
I use VS 2005 on XP 64 and don't see anything for r or n, so it's looking likely to be a 64-bit problem.  Weird though - VS itself is 32-bit, and I'm only working with 32-bit code.
A domain model is not just about entities. Factories, value-objects, repositories, domain-services (not application services like an authentication-service) are also part of the domain. I use validation in different places and for different purposes, but that does not mean that I have to make my domain model anemic.
I ran your code against the two possible implementations I posted. Yours runs at the same speed as the getline() version (i.e. half the speed of the explicitly buffered one)  but unfortunately also prints out the wrong number of lines - 1000001 versus 1000000 for the implemntations I posted on my million line text file, which being in windows format is terminated by CRLF.
using exec doesn't seem to listen to the g modifier, but it supports sub-matchesgroups. So the result would be the first match (it basically ignores the g modifier)
Yes. Once you get the pattern it's easy to reproduce.
I am looking for deserializing Json object into .net objects. and not json string into json object.
MarkJ: ok modified the answer, you & Oscar are right
That's true. I'll need to make the tests skip as well if gpg can't be found.
As Bill Karwin correctly points out, the INFORMATIONSCHEMA is part of the SQL-92 standard. Some vendors may not support it, but it is part of the standard.
I can't use the company id because each company has multiple prices per day, and each price has specific conditions which are also stored in the price table.  I'd need to have the exact c.id for the row with the price being displayed.
Yeah this seems to make sense. 
L.Gonsalves I see what you mean, and I agree the page I linked isn't very clear. I guess my point is that if you're coming from a language such as C, pass by value implies that a copy of the data is made, which Python never does.
In fact this is not working, the VBA code breaks at Range(A & i + StartRow).Value = MyArray(i)... that's my problem also. Is this code works on your Excel!? I use Excel 2003.
yes, it's very strange. I would like to know why nothing is inserted.
That API declaration won't work on double-byte code pages - e.g. Chinese, Japanese. ANSI characters can be more than one byte on those code pages.
We do have multiple assemblies, but we want our clients to upgrade to latest version for slightest changes we do in our code base. Hence, we include SVN revision number as last part of assembly version. 
Its not the answer I was hoping for, but it looks like you're right.
That was my question exactly :). Did you have one project at root (server), and one project as sub? (serversub) ?
Did you already look at the classes in package java.util.jar?
disbale = disable?
Adam Paynter: It looks like, in Lucene.NET my query syntax is equivalent to your query syntax. I will experiment with fewer tags...
Ah, yes, I remember now, thanks... thats why pointers and arrays are so closely linked.
+1 - who hasn't found a hundred megabyte sqlnet.log file floating around on their system from time to time :-
Roy did you know 10 is the same boolean representation as truefalse. jackass.
If you replace that `.` with `(?:[^<]+<(!ab))`, you'll get fewer false positives, without blowing up the regex engine with backtracking.
Why can't you do this using gd?  It would be relatively trivial, you just need to keep track of where each node is.  Do you want to just give the list of nodes and what they connect to, and it automatically generates the directed graph?
Wow.  THANK YOU.
no :(... how do i do that?
....ok then. and you have great content on your website
Hey i have vs 2008 pro thanks =)
Wow that was fast. `logFile` being on the stack was indeed the problem!
dlna need more info
Hardly, in most cases kid do not persistent in their occupation, but hopefully he will widen his ken.
musicfreak:
It's for backwards-compatibility.  The documentation is very clear (even repeating itself) on this point.  Wall says it activates, All of the above -W options combined., This enables all the warnings about constructions that some users consider questionable, and that are easy to avoid and The following -W... options are not implied by -Wall., etc.  Further, many warnings reiterate whether Wall activates it.
In the section of perlsyn on 'for loops' it says:- Using readline (or the operator form, <EXPR> ) as the conditional of a for loop is shorthand for the following. This behaviour is the same as a while loop conditional.
If you want to debug your code to see some intermediate values, you can make use of logging, etc.
Thanks for your reply
No, i want to add comment section in this question but; i added new one look please?http:stackoverflow.comquestions852206how-can-evaluate-more-than-once-data-from-a-query
I don't understand the reference to 20 minutes.  As jim0thy and I said, your original code was using cookieminutes before setting it.  You need to initialize it properly, probably by reading the cookie.  If you don't know how to read cookies see http:www.quirksmode.orgjscookies.html
Actually they are supporting the runtime on Windows 7 and they haven't said they won't support it on new versions of Windows.
Did that with no result. Thanks though
Sorry Marc, didn't notice your remark about Order. Everything works fine.
You appear to have asked this twice: http:stackoverflow.comquestions852404
Thanks for the advice, I will run the queries as soon as the current processing is done. In the mean time, you don't think the clustered indexes are the issue here?
If the ATL usenet group provides any help, please recap the information here.
A Stack is LIFO, so push and pop both operate on the top of the Collection.
Another netfilter option is to forward the traffic to additional local interfaces that have been set up with distinct IP adresses.
I think it's a bit complicated for what the user wants, but it would do the trick, I think.
Trying to understand your question here. Are you asking that a specific user who logs in gets data from table1 and user2 logs in gets data from table2?
You might not have heard of it, but there are other countries in the world. And interestingly, they do have mobile technology.
HermanD: The reason this feature still exists today is for backwards compatibility. Allaire, Macromedia, and now Adobe have all gone to great lengths to preserve backward compatibility. For the most part, you could take code written against ColdFusion 1.0 and it would run today against 8.0 (or in the 9.0 beta going on now). I don't think anyone here can claim they've never made a bad design decision early in a product's life and then had to live with it. Let him without sin cast the first stone.
brian I'm really not sure about the context issue; I believed I was right but now I doubt it and should test it.
In that case, I'd want to return the default value for whatever type Foo or Bar were. What I really want to avoid is the exception if something further up in the expression tree was null.
Then I have to keep the secret in the database which would essentially be the deactivation code.  So what's the advantage?
And the corollary:
While WS- cover a lot of enterprise tick boxes they are rather complex, even with a software stack to help you interoperability is not easy in practice. Frequently known as WS-Deathstar for this reason. And because, for many purposes, the very simple REST route is enough (but doesn't tick those management boxes).
Yes, JameZ, that is correct. An infinite loop prepended to the JSON will prevent your JSON from being loaded into script nodes. Yes, it will not prevent access from the server-to-server. This is not a fix-all solution. It is just another layer of security. It will prevent your data from being loaded client-side using the script node.
Here's a nice explanation on the issue:
I think mercurial supports links. So, if you check customhghgrc in, while it points to .hghgrc, that should work.
You're welcome, I'll post an answer shortly.
15 min == 900 s
divo: Is exactly what I state:
Is there a pop up blocker enabled?
Is it possible to achieve this result using the M-V-VM design pattern?
Have you verified the SQL executes successfully on its own?
+1. We used to auto-generate the build scripts with python to avoid some of the repetition. Basically substitution and conditionals did most of it - these days maybe Django templates would be worth a try. Of course the build chain would then process them with perl into makefiles. I'm led to believe that eventually there is a compiler involved ;-)
Do you use the same URL in wget and in browser?
+1 good alternative
Also, depends on the app framework in use.
It might be helpful to put that info in the question as well.
that's exactly the code I was thinking of.  I think I will go with the method though - seems more standard, and keeping in mind YAGNI, it's not inconceivable that I might need them in a different format later, and very little complexity to add it now in a method.
Btw, if you find yourself using sscanf for time strings into a struct tm, give strptime a look. It has some time-specific formats. For the above you could use Y:m:d H:M:S
Which database did you try the WITH variant with? (ahem) I tested it with the beta PostgreSQL 8.4, where I understand it is basically implemented as a temporary table, so involves a seq scan of Items and two CTE scans, which I assume are seq scans of the temp result. This isn't necessarily a win; only if the number of category combinations is significantly smaller than the number of items; but that seems likely.
flash drives would be pretty expensive to turn in... of course that's what the internet is for ;)
Plain C is arguably statically loosely typed. One thing to keep in mind is that it's not all or nothing - type-systems are a continuum.
Thanks, edited my answer.
I'd suggest using more proper english - it was a bit difficult to understand.
Do you have any particular reason to use FILE instead of std::ifstream ?
Perhaps unit testing does not necessarily improve the overall final quality of software: rather the main reason for unit testing to provide earlier testing (i.e. pre-component-test and pre-integration-test). Software which hasn't been unit tested can be as good as software which was unit tested: because the coverage from functional tests can be as good as (if not even better than) the coverage from unit tests. The thing which unit testing does effect is not so much the quality of the end product, but more the cost and efficiency of the development process.
I tried it also, still no luck.. Is there any alternative to nth-child?
Right now today, they are all using the native drivers (mostly NTrig) under Vista, because of course Win7 is not out and most of these have been around for a little while (a few months at least)...however moving forward, IMO the Win7 API is the way to go.
Is a dynamic panel a poorly designed panel?
Although with this he wouldn't know who logged in as requested in the question :(
I am confused as to what you are trying to determine. Are you trying to get the amount of time between entries (Foos)? or are you counting the number of entries between two times?
What language and OS? Please be more specific
AdamRalph: Maybe not in the OP's context.
Sure, I mentioned C in particular because he asked about DLLs written in C.
The content is hashed. There's no point in hashing the filenames - they change randomly.
Interesting. With an ANT script though, is there a possibility of doing the entire build without being dependent upon Eclipse being installed though? Thanks!
Awesome, thanks for the sample! This should work well with what Peter was also saying!
Switch to using a 1D array of nnn size, and wrap it in a class with method set(int i, int j, int k) and get(...) etc that does the maths to access values within as if it was a 3D array. Stick a clear() method on there too, with only one for loop inside! You could also use Arrays.fill for the inner loop if you keep the 3D array.
Nothing wrong with homework, but could you provide the code of your own attempts? Asking people to write stuff for you from scratch often (and understandably) generates snarky remarks.
most probably, you already defined string x, out side the switch statement, therefore you are not getting any error.
No I cannot use it, but I'm marking your answer as accepted since you pointed out a very nice tool that I didn't know
Thanks very much :-)
thanks this helped me.
Wish I could have had 2 answers to this question as I valued both this and the accepted answer just as much. Thank you for your input.
Thanks for recreating the problem. The code in the sample you linked to has an HTML syntax error. The script tag containing the jquery code is missing a quote in the type attribute. Correcting that seems to fix the problem.
That's certainly a creative idea, but more complicated than the SCRIPT I currently have...
Yeah hashCode() is OK as is equals() and yeah I'm not being too dumb (i.e. using entrySet() where applicable for instance). trove4j is a good lead.
If the html displays correctly, there must be something wrong with the JS and CSS references or URLs. Is there anything odddifferent about the way your are including those files? (Of course it would be easiest if you could provide us with a public URL or code at least, waiting until someone guesses the problem is the slowest way to get an answer)
I knew the table should have SuburbID however sometime user may enter suburb that not in the database yet?
Key phrase in your quote is whole records from the data source, or only one field from each record. If the query only returned one element.Value, then the result would be IQueryable(Of String). When there are multiple values returned, then it will be an anonymous type or some explicitly named type as I show in my answer.
Yes, but the thing is that the error will occur quite often - I don't want to pop up a MsgBox every time that happens.  I want to just silently handle the error by skipping over that image.
Hmm, I'll look for other problems, but you should use this version instead of what you had, regardless. Anywhere else in your code that you're doing similar things should also be fixed up.
...because the inability to write a UNIQUE constraint to enforce a simple key should be considered a 'code smell', IMO. If you can't change the design (SQL DDL) because many other tables reference this table then I'll wager that your SQL DML also suffers as a result i.e. you have to remember to add ...AND Table.RecordStatus = 1' to most search conditions and join conditions involving this table and experiencing subtle bugs when it inevitably gets omitted on occasion.
Indeed, the solutions shown in the Q should work (albeit not the best way). Therefore path variable does not reference the expected value.
The most voted up answer is what I would do, it's elegant, readable and easy to maintain. I don't see anything simple about 40 lines of code compared to 3. There is no reason to avoid Regex's at all costs. Regex has a b for a reason. -1 for Quoting someone to give yourself credibility. +1 for showing a different way albeit messy.
Well, depending on where you are trying to run the project (IIS or Visual Studio Web), you can select a different option for where to have the profiler tie into the running app.  I've been able to successfully debug both VS and IIS sites.  Check out the demo videos as they will step you through how to do it.
select  from STATUS where ARTICLENO = 'pk' is dangerous too
SSIS is the way to go. The majority of tasks you would need to perform are already catered for by the existing package components and the parallel processing capability can really get things moving quickly too in terms of throughput.
I can rewrite point.X = 42; as point = point.SetX(42); and if I can always do this, I might consider the Point struct immutable even if the interface does not show this very well.
It's worth re-phrasing the question to reflect the interesting bit.  It's not the unzip that's most important.  It's how to decide whether to do async work in-process or out-of-process.
Nice idea. I was about to suggest something similar.
You are the only person who can answer this question. You are the only person who knows what kind of hardware and software you are using, you are the only person who knows what performance metrics are relevant to your customer, and so on. Write up some realistic benchmarks, try them on realistic hardware, and then you'll know the answer. Anyone else who tries to answer the question for you is either guessing, or describing the performance characteristics on their machines, for their customers, not yours. Either way, that's not the data you need.
The print in the for should be:
If it is taking you 4x longer to write your unit tests that it would to write and refactor, then you are using TDD wrong.
There again, mamy people think that using hungarian in any shape or form is an extremely bad idea.
You can do pretty much anything with the subprocess module.  The old version works fine, but it's very UNIX-looking.  Subprocess is a little more clearly mapped to Windows.
Thanks very much for that. It's working very well.
Aaron Maenpaa - Why close this?  If you don't like it vote it down and move on.  I enjoy code golf questions, in fact, I'm the author of most of them.
Tom: Getting by id can be seen as implied in the Get if one likes, but yes there are of course other actions that need a longer description, like mainCustomerGetByRegion. As you see we prefer to keep the underscores to separate the components of the name and use pascal case for the table names and actions.
Have you tried this and encountered a problem? If so what was the problem?
Seatbelts should at least be an option
i've add the basic code. As mentioned, i'm just trying to call the array canvas in the method MakeNewCanvas. Canvas needs to stay as a public array, as i'll need to use and edit it in other methods in DrawingSystem
Of particular note is the memory overhead savings. Values are computed on-demand, so you never have the entire result of the list comprehension in memory. This is particularly desirable if you later iterate over only part of the list comprehension.
This is superior to the set solution if you have a large file, because map will load the entire file into memory as a list of lines, which will then be discarded (itertools.imap can fix that, though).
Please comment on my implementation of IEnumerable<Item> as well.
it's probably easier to set up an editor to match begin to end than it is to match C's ( OR ??<) to ( OR ??> -- although it's easier again to disable trigraphs.
TheSoftwareJedi: Read my comment on a similar answer below. The source code and examples given on that project page DO NOT meet the requirements of my question. Registry Monitor only watches for changes to KEYS. Any change to any subkeys or values will fire the event handler. I need an event handler for when a registry VALUE changes. Before anyone calls me lazy, they should take the time to actually read the question. rant
No luck. I've tried all the available cookie policies, none of them had any affect.
3.4.5 ----15 characters-----------
Post the whole thing anyway, for the stack trace.
sprintf will overflow buffer if fromarray is bigger that 512
POST is no more secure than GET.
Ok, well html attributes (other then 'name', and value ofcourse which are posted to the server when in a form) cannot be read on the server.. So then it's not possible without some javascript help...
You have to determine what an email has that every provider is familiar with and offer getters in the interface. The providers can generally only be expected to deal with emails, so you need to put in the email everything that you would need.
Very good hint.  When clicked, the 'this' becomes thumb[i].  Slide.thumbclick probably assumes another this.
This is not valid. the 'tag' in your where clause is of type string and not entitytag.
If it is a comparison and not a builtin function, so are sign() and abs().
Yes, true enough.
Good link, and my problem will not require any rotation of the square tiles (never even thought about trying that)
Shouldnt that be 'new Thread(new MyThread(paramvalue)).start()?
This is almost exactly how the built-in SequenceEqual method works, as in leppie's answer. (Your version will return slightly faster than SequenceEqual if the collections have different lengths but it's restricted to IList<T>, whereas SequenceEqual will work with any IEnumerable<T>.)
if thats the case, then it is not possible in java to do what you want - the language is not expressive enough.
CakePHP and MYSQL
I think you have misunderstood my question.
My last comment was a response to a now deleted comment, where the author claimed that the function max() would count as a comparison in any language - I know that it would be a comparison in CC++, but the question did not state any language.
You are correct in that I haven't typed the column on the ListClass object, but I don't think the How-To Define Inheritance document is what I am looking to do.  I think I can add the type column to the ListClass, but I guess I don't have a way for the JPA provider to know to use that type.  I will add the JoinColumns annotation to my example.
yep, that all looks right.
It's a known bug in microsoft's c++ compiler. There's another question wondering about that, but i'm not currently able to find it.
Unfortunately, there is no browser-agnostic way to do this.  You could potentially do this via browser add-ins in IE and Firefox, but I don't think that would work for Chrome or Opera.
I would be careful using it, as this link points out near the end of the document.
it did not work as well :
MartinStettner - actually, according to the CLI spec they never have a default constructor. The C compiler just lies ;-p
Can I ask why you aren't using an SVN? That sounds like exactly what you need.
You can also try using 'G' instead of ';' when selecting records - a good way to get started.
rojoca: Your design means you wouldn't submit the form always to the same url. So instead of putting the id in a field, you'll put it in the url. This is also possible, but I don't see any great advantage either ways. (In my design +1 for constant URL to send data to, your design +1 for authentication). I'm not sure why is it so good that the routing code will handle authentication though.
Thanks for putting in the code formatting, Jon; I don't have enough reputation yet...
Aha, MS will support Linq2Entities. L2S is legacy already. :
I did it exactly as you suggested and got the 'Permission Denied' error
I mean - include your external JS in the view, which contains 1 or more partial views. You can include it even in layout (masterpage).
Stephan Thanks! Got it now.
SpliFF is 100 correct: A textbox cannot contain child elements ergo it cannot style individual substrings. End of.
Note that 'contentEditable' is not in the HTML4.01 specification, or in the DOM2 HTML specification (1.0). It is something added by browsers.
nice design. Will definitely use it in my app :)
belongs on http:serverfault.com
(dont forget to include <context:property-placeholder> or add <bean class=...PropertyPlaceholderConfigurer> to your config)
According to PKWare's spec, there is a provision for noting that the filename in question is encoded with UTF-8.  UTF-8 encoding in zip files is not yet widely supported (== not yet supported in Windows Explorer).  
That's true, but as mentioned above, the main problem is that String has no constructor with 0 arguments, so I even cannot compile my assembly with the above code.
I like that you can do that and I always forget, that's why I make aliases instead - so I don't have to do it everywhere.
After sufficiently many botched revisions I just implemented this mainly for myself (I've moved to DVCS:es now, which allows one to continue commiting until the offending strand works well enough for merge.) 
I think he needs to do this and my answer.
That's a design pattern not a language syntax.
Recalculated with -O2. Got same results (110 uSec) in all 3 cases.
Perhaps rewrite question and title to discuss distributed version control compared to centralized version control.
Is the compiler really complaining on that bottom line of code? It sounds unlikely to me. If you hover over the method call, does it show you the return type?
book index: http:www.gallio.orgbookXHtmlindex.html
I don't think that you need to have a property jokeTableView. Keep it just IBOutlet ... remove:
Thanks, i wiull look and try fsockopen()
If the class implements IDisposable, then it wants you to call Dispose. Don't disappoint it.
Paolo - yes, even with the z-index set to 20000.  Still appears behind.
Find a library for your language that will do this for you.  There are tons of resources out there, we can't really explain everything in a Q&A format.
the problem with coloring just the nav bar etc. is that I want the white to extend to the left edge and bottom edge no matter how widetall the browser is.
To those who voted this answer up.. (not to disparage Shog9) but how does you can't answer the question. Sometimes I wonder what people are thinking when they vote up answers. 
I think u need some rep before you can post links. probably a way to avoid spam
The Declare cursor SQL construct or statement is not supported (??)
i assume, since your last visit means since your last successfull login (the one before the current one), not the last page-refresh.
SpliFF no, that's for .conf files not .htaccess
...but in C++, it blows your leg off - Stroustrup
The answer to this question can be found in http:git.or.czgitwikiGitFaq (in short: push does not update working directory, and you shouldn't push to non-bare repositories anyway)
Yes, that's correct. It uses a default model binder that you could override if you needed some more fine grained control over parameter binding.
You already posted this question.  Just edit your previous one: http:stackoverflow.comquestions887013error-on-using-fopen887038887038
http:tinyurl.comoy48ul
Oh that makes more sense thanks
Thanks for the explanation and effort. I'll mark your answer as accepted tomorow if nobody else can provide a solution in the mean while. The kiss will have to wait :-)
That is the full error.  That's why I couldn't figure out what part of it was the problem.  There was nothing else in the error message.
why is it that Sun makes our lives difficult. Can you please give me a small example of a table containing JButtons in the second column that actually work? You know, buttons that can be pressed?
Add the .doubleValue() method to the answer and I'll accept it.
Excellent!  That sounds like it'd make a cool blog article.
George2: 1) the connection string is always the same, you just have to specify in the DataSource=xxx the name of the instance you want to access; e.g.: Password=pwd;Persist Security Info=True;User ID=userid;Initial Catalog=dbname;Data Source=THENAMEORTHEIPADDRESSOFTHEINSTANCE;
Thanks Sean, I suspected this was the case but you have confirmed it. I'm giving the other guy the correct answer though for explaining how to fix it if I wanted to.
rudolfson: Ah, then I misunderstood. I thought this is like send a message to all recipients of a SocketManager. Hm. Back to the drawing board.
Any idea why multi has been removed?  It was awesome  :(
It's pretty SqlServer specific, I'll change it
then you have to check it from the server side or you need to move to the another validation farmework.Built in validation does not support this. See the below link
+1 Using a regex will only guarantee that the input matches the regex, it will not tell you that it is a valid name
You could install GNU coreutils on OS X, but (as I've done in the past) you have to be careful not to break the built-in tools...  That being said, OP is on Redhat Linux, which definitely has GNU coreutils standard.
+1. Never used pop() on a dict before, I think.
+1 for Synapse with Delphi 2009
For the given data your more verbose solution works. But besides being less concise than using an (admittedly slow) regex, your code will fail or require updating if the OP wants to use it in a more general sense, whereas a regex can be written to find word breaks which will handle separators like punctuation marks instead of only spaces. See my comment on auujay's post for specifics.
 There is no requirement that a framework be object-oriented in nature, though I assume that's the norm with Cocoa.  With Cocoa, yes, but there are non-Cocoa frameworks, including Core Foundation, CoreServices, and Core Graphics.
True enough. I suppose it depends on your goal - if you want someone to be able to prevent others from impersonating their SO profile on FaceBook, all the user needs to do is use a private andor unique address. If you want to prevent all impersonation, you'll have to use another system.
In Windows, use ALT+65 to print the ASCII character - unfortunately that won't work using Unixbash ;)
That's true, it works only for a limited subset of the problem.
I am aware of the fact that they can be used together. I use signon.com to access stackoverflow.  Attempting to get insight from other than the creators of technology.
Is your question Why do all of them have different interfaces? It's probably because the respective companies have their own ideas about what's useful in an interface (or don't follow any guidelines at all).
Alright, fixed all the errors. Now I'm tracing ExternalInterface.available from within the working button code and getting an output of undefined
I wouldn't quite know without seeing a bit more of your code. It should work. Do you get that alert() ?
AaronDigulla I made a mistake. I meant to say that Since one SocketUserId is related to only one SocketManager .... SocketManager to Recipient is 1:N
