Couldn't agree more. Get stuck in :)
I've been told by others that its harmful, and haven't tried it personally. This seems to be the reason that many more advanced devs are VMing their development machines so that its a clean single purpose install with almost no updates. While maintaining their other apps on a dirtierslower install
Well, what has really changed about whois in the last 5 years.  I would venture to guess not much.  I still think you are re-inventing the wheel.  
I disagree. Mocks help you figure out where the problem is, as distinct from where is shows. If you know all the code that uses a particular buggy function is OK (because it's been tested with mocks), you have eliminated so many possible places the bug could be hiding.
I already mentioned JASON, do you know some alternative to it ?
Set the xml files to be content, copied with the dll, or resources, read from the dll.
I knew it would be simple.  Thanks!
Actually yes this is 2005. No chance of an upgrade for a while though.
There is no difference in memory capacity between the MB and the MBP anymore, they can both take 4Gb. The top CPU is almost identical too 2.5Ghz on the MBP compared to 2.4Ghz on the MB. The reasons to get a MBP are screen size and dedicated graphica card.
oh, it compiles alright, set this one in a juniors lap and watch them debug for a day looking for it, the website project, will just shut down, 503, no warning, no debug, up, down.
That should work, but can be simplified... instead of COUNT() just do a TOP 1 and set a variable to something signifying you got a hit... Don't need to know how many aren't NULL, just that there's at least one that isn't...
Thats a good one to mess with the interns
Note: this is better than the 'bare' call to arrayfilter() if you might have 1203 and want to keep the zero.
Please define external ip. Is it an Internet interface? Also, is there guaranteed connectivity?
This also doesn't track includes that are generated downstream.  Parsing the output of gcc -E -dI will be a lot better for a more complex project.
However arp will only work if you have routes to every PC on that segment of the network; so you need to ping every IP first!
I believe the compiler must allocate space for a const int in all cases, since another module could always say extern const int whatever; something(&whatever);
Interesting. But you might have listeners or services that you don't want to run in a staging environment and they would run nevertheless with this approach, right?
ugasoft: the statics outside the function are linkage modifiers, inside are storage modifiers where there can be no collision to start with.
That may be true but it's still going to piss off your team and you'll risk having the really good people walk.
Added a comment to the OP so he accepts your answer instead. And added a link in my post to your answer, just in case.
joins in the FROM clause will unclutter your WHERE clause.  Aeon - there should be no performance difference with a proper query optimizer.  Is mysql that bad?
So am I ;) Seriously though, it's not that foreign as it appears; It just has a funny syntax. After a while, you stop noticing the funnyness. I'm just hobby-hacking with scheme, yet I almost have become used to it already.
You don't loose the rank, because if Google crawls one of the old links they'll still end up at the right page. However they probably won't realize that the old page and the new page are the same so they'll to allocate pagerank as if they were two separate pages rather than one page with more links.
good idea, merged!
Visual assist has this.
That's just ugly!
There are a bunch of bots out there now with script execution capabilities.  I think the days of using script as a gatekeeper are numbered.
this makes sense. sounds like something you might use to build an html fragment to load into a page using ajax or something?
Response.Redirect is one of the ways to load a Page. But I want to load my Page when its Class exhibits a Generic Behavior, like the eg. I submitted.
I agree -- that's why I said, so if you like that
That's lucky and fortunate that google has provided an answer for the particular problem of the Garmin device.  The QUESTION however, is not answered here.  Perhaps the question should be reworded so that it matches the answer.
Not easily. Basically the app's gui is for configuring the background processing. You configure it and it then runs forever. Splitting it into a service and a control program is ideal, but it is this huge thing with the processing intertwined with the UI code...
I agree with you on the premature closing of your previous post.  It seemed a little hasty.
I'm looking for built in extensibility mechanism, not an external work around. thanks :)
Although I use a library and don't know why someone wouldn't, the original poster does not want to. Not using a library is his choice and his question is valid regardless of that. JavaScript is a valid language in and of itself. Besides, maybe his client will not allow it, we don't know.
Can you clarify what you mean by update when you say I don't want to force an update? If you are issuing a postback, UpdatePanel or not, you are going to get a page update, even if it might not look that way to the user.
This is what immediately occurred to me as well.  +1.
Also, dynamic memory allocation happens at runtime, whereas static memory is allocated by the linker. If it is possible to use mostly static data, this will be much faster (in one application I've been working on, I switched from dynamic to static and got a 50  reduction in execution time).
Also a lot of the tasks that the Jean Paul Boodhoo blog series shows do exist in MSBuild. And if you want to use his idea for versioning databse changes, Google DbDeploy. It is a free tool that merges databse change scripts.
Sorry for the delay in edit, site went down before submit! :D
Constantin, what I find more gross is seeing something like this:
In 3-tier design, validation belongs in the business tier, because this tier is where business rules are enforced.
Not all mine - the return codes came from a community edit...
I might just go ahead and reflect over Fiddler. Thanks.
Ah, thanks for the tip.  I adapted that line from a script I use... but I'll fix the sample.
Apologies for being late to reply
You can still use parameter substitution even if you're building your own queries.
And if you want to be more unambiguous you could say: window.frames['iframe01'].document.body.innerHTML
Yes, I do want to do it inside a stored procedure
Right, this is 1:n relationship, a message belongs to only 1 user, but a user can have several messages.
gcc 3.x, running on x86 Linux but cross-compiled to build for MIPS.
According to this Google Book (http:tinyurl.com3pp7qj), the latest VMs show no penalty.
I don't understand how rebuilding the indexes would help, or how an IOT would help.
There's a fair amount of federal law regarding electronic transactions as well.
I disagree, we switched compilers from absoft to gfortran for our F90 code and it worked wonderfully. It even solved a memory leak that the absoft compiler introduced. Its a tad slower, but most of the work is in libraries anyways.
To clarify a little, I have experience with a few different functional programming languages already, and I know how they work and what their differences are.  But this question is specifically: how do I take it to a real -world usage.
how do I ensure I get it back after an error?
Troels  Fortunately we are all entitled to our own opinion but I completely disagree with your statement.
Speed is largely dependent on the quality of the implementation and has very little to do with whether the language is dynamically or statically typed. Good Common Lisp compilers can certainly compete with C, bad C compilers can be much slower than, say, CPython.
Thanks - it all points to the directory I was originally planning to use. I guess it's the right answer then :)
You just added to your post that you are using the base Collection class.  In this case, none of the AddRange solutions are going to work.  If you are using .NET 3.5, we could go the extension method route...
You're quite correct, tsee.  I meant that involving perl in this particular way was going to hurt performance.   Your properly written script is much better.
could it be because I installed .net 3.5?  Is this a 3.5 'feature'? I doubt it but it is the only explanation!
I certainly agree with the warnings thing. It just sounded like you were saying The way to avoid typos is to not type things wrong which is not very helpful. :-)
This fixed it.  It was also doing a postback, so I added return false; to the javascript.  Thanks a lot!
There are behaviors common to all events, there are behaviors common to categories of the events (common interfaces), and there are behaviors specific to events, and there are behaviors specific to properties of some events (these same properties can appear in different types of events)
Well when it works really well, it's a compelling argument for clearly written code and naming convention over extra commenting.  but a lot of people are in the situation where both are required.  Plus even if you delete the whole comment and start again, it's written the block for you.
I already have :)
Congrats! Sometimes the best answer one can receive is no answer at all, this forces us to look again at the problem - and it's far more rewarding when you yourself solve it ;)
With due respect, these comments don't apply to my situation.  I'm moving between two known states.  Two simple layout options, depending on available space.  The interaction works very nicely just popping from one to the other, but would be less jarring if it could be animated.
that should be rand() < .01
I don't even understand what the workaround is supposed to be
KISS - Keep It Simple Stupid  
Ralph: optparse handles Long Value just fine.
With all due respect to Josh Bloch (and that's a considerable amount), I disagree for the general case.  In the case of building an API, sure lock things down.  Bui inside your own code, erecting walls that you later have to tear down is a waste of time.
You need to clarify your question  - give us some sample code (calling the page, being called etc.) so we can help.
i agree w outlaw, and i upvoted for that reason
Its correct only on the effcts nto the casuse. Inline do not generate any extra info that the linker may use. Compiel 2 object files and check. It allow multiple definitions exaclty because the symbols are not exported! Not because that is its goal!
both float and decimal types have their place.  as a rule of thumb, floats mean physical variables, and decimals are for countable entities (mostly money).  i don't see why you'd prefer decimal for latlong
The .NET Framework design guidelines recommend US English for consistency sake
thanks for your detailed response.  I will try it out when I get home tonight
Simply implement a second unique key so that userid and isPrimaryUser must also be unique. Keeps everything at home in one table.
many BASIC implementations and variants have an IF function that takes the place of the ternary operator.  I have seen a number of codebases with that defined as a macro in C.
This is good for general diagnostics but for my particular scenario I thing the AssemblyLoad event is going to get me where I need to be.
NOTE: incorrect.  the object initialization takes place OUTSIDE the try, even if there is more than one object.  using(X a=f(),b=f())g(a,b); is the same as X a=f(); X b=f(); try g(a,b);  finally  b.Dispose(); a.Dispose();  there's a difference for exception safety.
yes windows.  If pos I'd like to do it in DOS, not VBScript.
TrickyNixon, how would I display the query plan in an output that would be good for you to read? I can display the estimated execution, could you assist?
Amen to that brother!  Apples TimeMachine has made it very clear that even rudimentary version control is useful for all sorts of files.
The main application is back-of-the-envelope calculations to have a general feeling when and where Python is the right tool for a job.
Lev, this is only the case when you have the control over the code that uses this class (in the case if you are a library developer, you usually don't).
OS X has 'ls' in its BSD-like unix shell
I don't want to put the status into a log file :)
Asserts running or not running in production builds is a compiler option.  They most definitely run in gcc by default regardless of optimization options.
It's even ignored for InnoDB tables? That sucks.
I think that Doc's pronunciation is the correct one: http:en.wikipedia.orgwikiGigaPronunciation
Where specifically are you having problems?  The question is pretty general. Is the problem with merging data without a key?  Or is the problem with the mechanics of using the dataset.  Also - Not sure what you mean by loading an empty db to the dataset.
But rfc 2821 denotes that never ever must anyone else that the host-server validate anything in the username-part, e.g. anyhost.com is a valid smtp-address !-)
Cocoa is in no way derived from GNUstep.
How long until we have file sizes labeled small large very large? Outlook email already does this when you sort by size.
See my counterexamples above.
It'd be helpful to see Page1.php as well.
Currently we use net.tcp binding but any binding would be fine. SSH isn't insufficient it's just complicated to get setup on client machines
Physical memory emulation is the first thing that comes to mind...
You maybe right but I guess it aesthetics. Even after looking through all of [this table](http:www.scipy.orgNumPyforMatlabUsershead-5a9301ba4c6f5a12d5eb06e478b9fb8bbdc25084) of Matlab to NumPy equivalents I still think Matlab is slightly neater. Haven't used either for tensors though.
I see what you mean - I don't need to store the password after the user has been authenticated.  That just makes things a bit simpler.  However, it still doesn't help with the initial problem - caching the permissions so that I don't have to check it with each message (it's an expensive operation)
Chris, there's a mistake in your text: Even if you set the span's style to  block , it's still illegal to wrap it around a block-level element!
passing an Action object to a Command is using the strategy pattern.
I tried using an index on the email column, and a combined index on the name + email columns, but the query execution plan remains the same
Correct, I just checked - VB6 Enterprise Edition is there in the MSDN downloads.
It's a plain text file, actually I have the rows in memory along with the control rows. As I write the 'real' rows to file I want to be able to decide if I should write a 'control' row, with the control rows being distributed throughout the real data and not all clumped at the beginning or end.
Yes, and indexes... etc.
0-based month is a POSIX (and C library) thing. Just because it's a standard, doesn't mean it should always be followed.
Awarded McKenzieG1 the win based on votes.
Neither <?php tag nor <? short tag code executes.  But shortopentag is on, for what it's worth.
Thanks, that makes things a bit clearer! What sort of problem would be easier solved with OO?
Parentheses should be superfluous but non-harmful.
I've changed (mina+m) -> (mina+m-1). Now It breaks on 1, 1, 2, 2, 
The advantage of this over an explicit method that needs to be called is that if someone adds a constructor later they don't need to remember to call init(); that will be done automatically.  This can prevent errors by future programmers.
the major problem with this story is: where the heck is the customer in all of this chaos? who asked the designer for this page in the first place? who is expected to use it? where was the stakeholder conversation that would have avoided most of this? how is this an effective method?
I meant that I think there's a term for sequences that are managed like this... Where each element is based on the previous one. But it's been more than 10 years since college and it was in a different language...
Yup. Thanks. I are idiot. Sorry for the delay updating.
Then use another DB  :)
I'd like to suggest the mach-o tag, but I don't suppose it's worth removing any of the existing tags in favor of it.
Yes, I hate how Skype tries to use port 80... I sometimes forget to change it, and then when I try to test some web thing I've written, Apache won't start.
Classic! But i like this one even better: i++;  increase i by 1
Strings are immutable, not mutable. And this isn't normal string interning - it only occurs when you pass in an empty char array. However, the question isn't really why does this happen? but what similar things have you seen?
Dave: In Java 1.1, the docs didn't specify an algorithm for String.hashCode, so it wasn't safe to rely on it, and it was acceptable for it to be changed in Java 1.2. The algorithm is now explicitly documented - breaking it would be violating documented behaviour. (Continued)
Nice! I didn't know this function!
I'm glad you solved it. I hate build issues like this because they break your flow right when you're probably about to solve something.
I'm more thinking more about naive client code that might do if (someBarVar is Bar<int>)
That is exactly how I do it, too. Works very well; the only gotcha with debugging then is the security (which account) and the working folder - which are easier to code around.
You are welcome anyway. ;-) But you are invited to register and accept the answer, if you want to return the favor.
No, that's handled by another department :D
Basically the same as what I posted, but the JOIN will probably be faster than the sub query for most cases.
I agree whit Mike B. Its been only last few years that people use rdbms's for everything.
Wow, Tom's pretty snarky.  Given that the questions are pertaining to an egregious divergence from SQL92, you'd think he'd be less punchy about it... although he might be tired of answering.
autoptr is in standard c++? this is pretty much easy it seems, so autoptr handles the garbage collection?
I guess visible is relative :)  I'm RDPing from Linux, so I haven't run in to that particular issue, given that my RDP window can't be resized after I start it...
Here named blocks refers to a block with a label. You can put a label on any statement, however it (currently) only makes sense for a block or control statement. Labels can be appended to break and continue statements to specify which (indirectly) enclosing statement they apply to.
I can't believe this is the first result on google when searching trac whine
What if valuetoadd is negative?
lol, yeah. Thanks for editing it.
You know what they say: If it works it's not AI :-)
derault Typo or from the original? Inquiring minds want to know.
Set debug=true for a short while
From a pure standpoint, when you compile a struct in C++, it generates a class including default constructors and copy constructors. 
Ah, here it is: http:www.diablotin.comlibrairieautresmrechBB.html
what's wrong with asking linux-related questions? last time i checked, stack overflow was not os-specific
err oops I mean single return and single exit from loop
Scheme is nice, but it still has some imperative hooks which allow it to be used in a non-functional manner.  Clojure is just as much of a Lisp, but it enforces functional programming much more strictly.
Heh, indeed! I did not mean to imply 20k was a huge code base (I never said it was), was just looking for general, scalable, advice. Great answers so far; lots to think about.
I'll have a go at this next week and may end up marking yours as the answer.
Don't shoot the messenger... Up voting again
I actually upvoted Jason and this both. I think Jason is right that it shouldn't be done, but if the OP were determined to do it anyway this is the way I would suggest.
need to get command's exit status
Sadly, no. It is by no means neat.
Your justification is it's small? Of all the features of Comic Sans, its smallness is rarely one gets it chosen often over other fonts. Plus, it makes you look like you're 12. If I worked with you, I would have definitely laughed at you for that by now :)
The compiler generated versions work form most situations. - depending what kind of programming you do. Even if everything is smart pointers, dealing with resource tracking and exception issues, a shallow copy may not be what you want semantically.
I added natural-language tag to the post.
Ates: I was referring to the previous version of the post where both tables would contain the same columns.
plussed bc the point about certificates is very useful.
I think List.ConvertAll might do this in faster time, since it can pre-allocate the entire array for the list, versus having to resize all the time.
Does the new .proj file get checked into CVS along with the .csproj files?  Or does it live only on the build server and outside of the source control environment?  My inclination would be to check it in, but if there are best practices, I'd like to be following them.
'while (true)' could be confusing as 'for (;;)' if you think about it too long. Under what circumstances does the while exit?  Maybe a 'define forever while(true)' would give us a more English keyword.
this->options = arraymerge(...)
That's pretty slick
And -Werror while your at it.
I was watching the question pretty closely, and I suspected this was the way I was going to have to go.
While this is true it doesn't really answer the question.
It seems obvious now. :o) Thanks!
Thanks Adam. It worked fine but not before calling the setLenient(false) on the SimpleDateFormat object. Thanks for that pointer, Spencer !
What if the parent doesn't have an ID value?
Fizzer: You're right about the -pedantic part.
it would be very difficult to refactor this simply because it is ridiculously trivial. To have a 3 tier application would introduce a lot of complexity into such a simple example that it wouldn't correctly illustrate that a 3-tier architecture is simpler than a general mish-mash of code.
Revenge. Revenge of EAX.
Yeah, your main goal with tests (well other than testing your code) should be readability. The developer who has to maintain your code will thank you for it.
Running the spwho function while the the create trigger statement was running helped me solve the problem. There was an old session from another server that was suspended while it had a schema-stability lock on the table, which is why I couldn't create the trigger.
Jon: Not entirely incorrect. Although IDisposable isn't strictly necessary for cases where using isn't used, it is simpler to just make all new-style enumerators disposable and call Dispose() every time just in case.
Can you explain how modeling this problem as a graph with the transitions would be non-trival compared to straight bruteforce?
Well, you could have a single select which only allowed through appropriate entries - then call ToDictionary at the end. It would be fairly ugly though.
Also, it is courteous to select an answer - or if nothing is answering your question, it is sensible to edit your question so it can be understood.  You should be aiming to select a best answer - please.
Hi, thanks... Yes, I need something that passes parameters transparently from the jsp code to a servlet. I will try to use STRUTS, thanks.
That sounds about the easiest way - thanks for the tip. :)
Thanks for the info.
And don't tell me there isn't one bit of difference between null and space, because that's exactly how much difference there is.  :-) -- Larry Wall
I have the platform sdk installed, and it isn't there
If execution time is a big constraint, consider using gawk or perl or python as they byte compile at the start to speed up execution. I'm not at all certain that sed does this.
Correcting the typo: Those are customer requirements. I am open to better alternatives?
Using Excel the generate the statements has merit (upvote), but I think I'm going with the (shudder) union answer, since it's shorter.
Tentatively tagged this PHP, but I am not sure this is the language.
gcc -Wall would have caught that
Hi melling.  I can tokenize the string into separate words but I'm not about the best way to proceed from there.
Great comment, I'll add that for clarity.
Upon closer inspection, this doesn't seem to have solve the problem.
Sometimes, though, if you keep the connection open between all 7 calls, it is faster to just call the stored procedure with 1 ID 7 times. There is no point in making the stored procedure write dynamic SQL. You are just as likely to have errors in TSQL as in any other language.
no, not really... :(  They aren't classified like that in the database.
True - forgot about this.  But don't think it will 
You should probably note that you are running Windows.
I understand that, I'm asking how it works.  How does using an exclusive or on a value allow you to swap it without a temp variable
Only if there are a lot of parameters to start with.
dateadd() ... that's it :)
Do you have pointers on how to best safely modify that file?  It seems pretty scary to just find the method's opening  and start pushing in my code, but I guess that might be okay.  I was half hoping for something like SharePoint does with web.config files, but global.asax seems easier in a way.
.NET 3.5 I guess. I'm still in 2, didn't even realize these existed.
What do you mean by That is, should I use the traditional syntax?  Please elaborate.
David - no, generics are a core part of the CLR v2; the compiler doesn't do any real tricks here; in fact, generics in C follow static typing rules (everything done in C < 4.0 is static typed)
So, C class can inherits one interface in both implicit and explicit way at same time is actually a illusion. One class can inherit one interface once actually.
You +up nice answers.  Like I did.
Neither does a slow Function. If your site is important enough, one can just create some specialisted hardware for it (User-Configurable FPGAs can be quite powerful and cheap), and other than that, Performance grows fast. Slow today is fast tomorrow.
I fixed the question title and added more info
Setting overflow is a great way to make a container expand to contain its floated children, as described at for example http:www.quirksmode.orgblogarchives200503clearingfloats.html
Oh, and have you proved that cycling through each square is your performance bottleneck?
Is your data static? I.e. is it worth caching?
best question ever +1
You are right that I need to test values outside my permitted limits, and I like your ideas on how I can generate and use my test data. THanks.
Careful with this  - if there are no parameters (no &), it will just drop the last character from the url.
Could you post what you have in your loggedin Routine andor any authentication you have in your web.config?
control-f4 is a lot harder to hit than something like ctrl-w (which most apps use to close windows, both in Windows and OSX).
Yeah, I don't know why this answer was voted down. It's a legitimate answer, it obviously works (well, at least on Jeff's blog it works). And it's funny too. Guess the people that downvoted this either never read codinghorror.com or don't have a sense of humour.
How big are those delphi exe's anyway? I'd imagine that if you used more than one or 2 GUI controls ( treeviews, splitpanels, scrollpanels, etc, then it'd need to be bundling a heck of a lot of stuff? )
And MacOS, and some flavors of BSD.
Nice find. Hadn't seen that before. Any idea what grants you need  to run it?
The fact that it changes infrequently would seem to be an argument against generating the .js dynamically from server side... no?
thaggie (again): interesting port of STL iterators into C - good idea.  You don't check the return value from addwordtolist(), which is a pity.
I don't think it's even correct that the C-written C compiler is going to be in VS2010 - I think it's for after that.
I agree with you two. :p
Another idea - add trycatch around that code. Put it into function and try to catch exception.
yup - no death-marches.
Mark two rows at the same time, and pull them down until all input rows are covered. The range to mark-and-pull would be A2:D3, in my above sample.
Those who don't know Lisp are condemned to reinvent it, poorly.  i'm not advocating Lisp, just noting that you've redone the ugliest part of it.
You might realize that it's quite difficult to check such settings taking into account that the local box is windows and the server box is linux. Yes I checked. But you can only check to a certain extend and within one's capabilities. That's where this forum comes into the picture....
I don't have a 3D model, but any surface in my system is representable as an equation, so it certainly qualifies as an arbitrary-precision vector representation. But the equation is biiiiiiig and nasty. For example, the image on this page uses an equation with more than 300 terms. It's waaaaay ugly.
Thanks!  I thought I was going crazy.
<q> doesn't exactly have the same meaning as quotation marks. Quotation marks, despite their name, carry many meanings, some of which would be better served either by other tags or by characters that don't exist within the English language (eg scare quotes [see, I didn't just quote someone]).
Ok, it took me several WTF's before I saw the last characters where not rn.
I love stsdev.  It doesn't do some of the things that VSeWSS does, but it is much easier to figure out what's going on, and you can modify the stsdev source if you need to.  Much more transparent.  Two thumbs up.
I edited your post fixing some minor typos, and added a parenthesized comment (you might want to remove it if you disagree)
Could you give some examples of the hints he's requiring?
I'm not sure what you mean by this. Why couldn't it do the nested class first? That doesn't actually have any dependencies on the outer class in terms of layout, does it?
Only if it's hooked into the outside world. Otherwise, stopping it doesn't change its behavior.
I could kiss you. But don't give in to bad habits because the data may be small... if he does it where it won't matter, he'll continue to do it were it does matter and be hosed.
DUPE: http:stackoverflow.comquestions215497in-java-whats-the-difference-between-public-default-protected-and-private
agree, but I also have teh pool shrink to zero. If noone is using it, why have a connection?
public boolean remove()
survey - consider making community editable, please
and the format of that output is?
My apologies for trying to provide a broad answer which addresses situations related to that which you specifically addressed, in case they might be relevant to others in the future.  (Or to you, given that you didn't state whether you're strictly targeting Windows only or not.)
That looks like it will do the trick.  Thanks!
Yes, that very much depends. For example, you usually want to have error cases out of the way as soon as possible, i.e. you put them ahead.
I've had a further look at this, and when I compile the tests as a console application, checkSyncronize is not called. If I change the processmessages call to a HandleMessage, checksynchronize does get called but only if I click away from the app and back again (onidle processing)
Certainly not on SQL Server 2000. There's no SQL Server 97 - the predecessor was SQL Server 7.
Indeed. Gotta love the strategy: kill the implementation that people actually like ;-p In fairness, it is a lot more complex than that, and I do look forward to the real answer in a few years (.NET 4.0). MS have a bit of a PRdev-confidence mountain to climb here. I hope they succeed...
You're still passing a string literal... :P
I interpret this solution as everything is dependent on a single point of failure, the Apache server running modjk2. Am I correct? If I am correct the solution has no higher availability than the network connection (i.e. one path only) and up-time of the Apache server itself?
Please post the portion of the WSDL with the <port> elements.
Nice. I like it.
That last line needs to be: element.html( newData );
I've temporarily removed the upvote so this question will still show up the unanswered list.  I promise I'll put it back later.
Thanks Artur.  Your suspection was corrected.  I got it to work now.
I know - that's why I wrote that I could write my own sorting implementation that uses modular arithmetic - but this is the one thing that I specifically want to avoid. Also, you have to be very careful implementing comparisons (which  doesn't help you with, you have to use differences).
Duncan: you commented while i was editing ;-)
geometrikal - just to be clear, I don't have .NET experience either, I'm going on Java JIT performance and hearsay that the .NET JIT isn't awful. So I expect C to at least approach C++ is deliberately vague. For Java, I could say that I know a JIT can hit or beat C++ performance.
Reinteract looks amazing! Thanks!
Ok, maybe I've misunderstood the question. But it was not clear for me, what rsapru means by tell me what all tables and columns within that table are being used..
So I got it right initially, or what is that supposed to mean? :-) As with all regex - know your data, use the appropriate pattern. As I don't know your data, I figured w would be close enough. But the exact pattern was not subject of the question, was it?
Yeah, that kind of defeats the purpose of typed lists.  You need to either express some relationship between an Item and a User in your code (through either inheritance or an interface) or use two separate lists.
strange.. I've never had that issue.  :
Thanks for your reply Will. 
You're right; momentary brain lapse.
Did each of them realy work in LINQ to Objects without complaining? That would indeed be odd. I'd expect it to succeed in LINQ to SQL because SQL doesn't really have the concept of a NullReferenceException.
Hi mson,
Hehehe, yep! Anyway, my comment about New Zealand is this, as of last year daylight savings was moved from first Sunday of October to last Sunday of September. Since Java 5 has been around a while, the zone files may indeed need updating.
If developers insist on running with UAC disabled, then we shall never make any progress.
I don't have to write anything to the port to get output, it spews out when I start it. Also the nmea protocol uses carriage return and line feed. Unless the hyperterminal sends anything upon opening that I'm not aware off?
Wow - that would be hard work; way, unnecessarily hard work.   Use fgets() for first choice; fscanf() if you're feeling brave and deal with newlines.
yield keyword? Never heard of it. I'll look it up.
All member types can be generic but only methods and types can have type parameters.
Thanks, that's interesting.  I tried it but couldn't get used to it.  From what I've read, many agree that there needs to be an overhaul of how VS tabs work in general.
If it is a directed graph, than this does not hold true.
Perl has many more types than, but for single values, it's just a single value.
INSERT IGNORE is the best answer, but REPLACE (http:dev.mysql.comdocrefman5.0enreplace.html) is also an option if you want to reinsert the row for some reason (maybe a timestamp trigger or something).
If the asker is a newbie, you should want against doing free() before using token... :-)
But I can create clone of the entity, attach it to new DataContext, set as modifiednewdeleted. Then I can remove changes from DataContext of old entity. The result will be same and safer, right?
yes and thats wrong the net should be 27750
You can't state that this is not an answer until you know the question.  If, for example, the question was is there anything else we can do for you before you leave? then tell us a joke is a possible answer.
the guid is stored in a device (which could be stolen), but then they need the usernamepassword + guessing the guid
This can be a solution:
I don't think it's possible any other way, so maybe you could do something like count the max number of characters in each row using PHP and then set a row height inline or something?
or first = explode('', string);   
If someone call is child Micheal Jordon you will know who is the real or the fake by his achievement. My idea in my post reflect that a user is not only represented by his display name but by is profile (EXAMPLE reputation, badges for stackoverlow). Before reply to this read : it was an example.
Hmm, not sure ... you can request a higher trust level, the user may just get a warning dialog.
Rather than ask is there an equivalent function to foo() you should explain what the function you're asking about does. Mac OS X doesn't have Guid objects, it has CFUUIDRef.  Long-time Mac developers might not know a Guid from a hole in the ground.
for the specs, I think it is, I will do the same :) nice link Joshua!
Yep, that totally works.  Thanks!  It should have occurred to me to look at the tests.  Great thinking.
This is wrong, generics erasure or reification (Java and C respectively) doesn't necessarily affect performance.
Hehe, found this one in the meantime: http:stackoverflow.comquestions190227building-a-linq-query-programatically-without-local-variables-tricking-me
Wow, I really got you going Lounges.  I was just trying to give an honest take on developing in .Net and moving to Cocoa, and the frustrations I faced plus the stuff I liked about Cocoa's MVC model.
Paper prototyping is more or less what I've been doing for this project so far. Now I'd like a way to do this on a computer without writing code. Theres no risk of the mockup being a finished product since the only people who will ever see the mockup are the people creating the mockups.
It'd be awesome if this site itself built a spammable database of e-mails :)
Good thought, but it still requires setting a base height to more than he wants for a block level element.  Otherwise, he'd just set that height on the element he's really concerned with.
If i use a product like IISPassword, does that mean that after i've 'unlocked' the website, then i will still have to manually forms auth into the website, for pages that require u to be logged in? (this is what we want). ???
I suspected something like this. +1 for finding out. :-)
Is that like the clean 'menu' option or is that more thorough, not necessarily related to projects?
Works perfectly now.
I'd be in deep trouble professionally if Guid.NewGuid() spit out a dupe every few million calls, let alone every single time.
It's still a bit unusual for a web application to run a cryptographic hash function 100 times per request. But you're right, it's not that computationally intensive.
Hi Max - dunno if you're still having issues with this. I've updated my answer to something I noticed today about publisher policies.
I don't know which one is better. At the moment I prefer Visual Studios's Enviroment. It's easer for me.
Thanks for the CherryPy link
Please post your event handler function...I bet it is firing, but there is an error in the handler function that makes it look like it is not firing.
And if you didn't have strict subs on, you would have gotten a run-time error instead when it couldn't find a sub named break.
If possible, could you please put your answers here too ?
Can those be healthily separated?
It sounds like you need to go through a Rails tutorial to understand how everything works (Google for Rails 2.0 tutorial and you'll find plenty).
Possibly, but looking at LINQ it seems to be way behind Active Record--MUCH less readableusable.  Does that make it wrong?  I'm not sure how it compares to Java+annotations+Hibernate.
Cheers, it was --debug I needed
I see where I'm getting hung up. You're right, if I pause I can make changes, but if I try to edit a LINQ statement, I get Unable to apply this change while debugging. Statement containing a query expression was changed. You must revert the change or stop the debugging session. Oh well...
Do you know what the property name is for dealing with Null values. I found a couple dealing with Suppress, and they are all set to false. I remembered the 2003 version had something that explicitly said NULL but I can not seem to find this one.
I think the list comprehension does exactly the same under the hood. It's not because it's a one line expression that this is a one time operation...
I fully agree that I shouldn't write my own quoting function (this is why I've asked the question). :-) I thought about returning param values as a listdict together with SQL string but IMHO it's bug prone in case of more than one SQL generator (I generate parts of SQL, e.g. sets of WHERE conds).
Doesn't fully solve my problem.
I think the point is the subquery...you're right on the ID update though, that doesn't make sense. But I think his statement executes the inner query once for every router row.
Remote please... not local creation
Yeah, I guess so.  I guess I wasn't worried about that particular part.
You know, if you compare apples to apples, that is, modperl to modphp or perl CGI to PHP CGI, perl is typically somewhat faster. Most certainly not significantly faster, but a little. Try searching for programming language shootout.
It also works on other alphabets, as long as you place the string in a Resource :)
uberjumper:
Even more also: if you're doing some console app and want to do it for real check out http:www.ohloh.netprojects3874. It really makes making a user friendlymaintainable console app a lot easier.
IsNull works ok here.  Coalesce exhibits this issue.  But you can also solve it with a cast... 
deleted my comment on why operator() is chosen specifically, since you edited that into your post :)
I'll respectively disagree.  Methodology is helpful to consider, but a targeted TDDDDD approach definitely does help bucket time constraints on features by narrowing focus.  Is is a lot easier to introduce TDD than a change in methodology, although it should be considered for long term goals.
Yes but then there's no room for commit comments nor author attribution.
Yeah! Didn't work from (document).ready(function());
Kozyarchuk: I know you said that you can't change the schema, but you may want to think about changing it to a decimal type (at some point), because this can become more of a headache in the future.
You'd better do a little validation on it to make sure that the URL is one that you expect... otherwise it is a major security hole.
I sure wish I'd saved the code I'd written this afternoon, because you're right, it doesn't compile, and it shouldn't.  I wonder what I was thinking.
I am actually traversing a scene graph of a 3D application, so the speed is an issue, but also these type of generators makes it easier to get the code in one place for different kind of objects, the code gets messier when you need filtering.
I know thats a pretty safe assumption to make. And I admit CNAME is not the only way. I'll modify my answer.
Remember to check window positions when you restore them - too many apps will restore windows outside the visible screen  :(
That's strange. Interesting, but strange.
Try: PictureBox^ p = (PictureBox ^)sender;
thanks for pointing this out but I do not understand your consideration about pXMLDoc!
Very Pascal-ish...I'd probably rather use a goto, though I ordinarily avoid them like the plague.
or you just first extract the whole line, and then use the ctor of record. this will not span into next lines indeed.
Sorry, I couldn't find the others.
I started writing a taskmanager-like program, and it seems incomplete while some features don't work on win9x.
I see your point, but I would rather use javascript to progressively enhance a site rather than relying on it for things I should really be able to do server-side
if keydown sends both events. if keyup sends only an keyup event. can't you stop moving when there are more keyup events than keydown events?
It also appears that lampshade has not read the answers to the previous question - points like 'use  instead of  or  have not been listened to.  Also, the tail of y'day's question talks about rereading of files.
Fair enough, but i'm asking for code... sounds like programming to me...
You don't even need to use a functor. Why not just use a normal function, it is fewer lines of code?
onebyone, this is also why functors should not be polymorph. you should get the template-book (C++ Templates - The Complete Guide). Thy explain the matter there. The compiler is not forbidden to inline calls by function pointers - by no means.
Well, you would only test on the virtual machine, you'd code and build the .deb on your main machine (or another virtual machine, I suppose)
That's a good suggestion.  If that doesn't work he may need to reinstall, run installutil -u, and then uninstall
Try reading the question. He specifically says PHP and Python on Linux.
It's somewhat of a secret but I plan on releasing it most likely as an open source project pretty soon here.
Federico Ramponi: that's what I was trying to say in less technical terms.  strictly increasing is practically speaking irrelevant if it's bounded.
So you want the option of having the servlet call into the SLSB via RMI?
I think your solution returns February 28th if you use 20070315 and 20000229 as input :-)
It does what you want and is probably the only way around the problem if you want to meet those criterias you set up (design support, shared gobaly across multiple forma and controls) so I would take it, and put a days work to get it perfected if I was u.
communicating with a GUI means two-way, the GUI is able to call public methods of the BackgroundWorker thread.
... why was this voted down?
Why not? Not every API is a set of callable functions. You can host the XML description of your search engine on your own website, and then you aren't even using Google's web interface for this.
Cool.  Thank you.  I am going to try your method in my project then.  +1
Well, I don't actually have access to check...I figured I'd ask before putting in a request.
Please describe why you feel this is inaccurate so I can correct it and don't just vote down.
Yes, I'm sure that's right. SVN loudly advertises that the file is a logical copy, but does not duplicate the contents of the file in the database. This claim would be nonsense if it didn't apply to the whole history, and tagging would be incredibly expensive in DB space. Which it isn't.
kewlies! ... er .. i have no idea how to do this .. but i sorta get what you're saying. hmm.. the data isn't too dynamic. but i'll still have to think about how (and how often) i'll need to calc this stuff. hmm. so tough!
Thanks, i tried your example and i hasn't worked initially. Then it turned out that single line regex option was causing it not to work. Removing single line option solved it.
what environment are you working in? I don't know jack about VXML but I'd still bet it makes a difference.
The earlier answers are all correct, as you discovered - it would be courteous to mark the one that you think will be most helpful to later searchers of this issue accepted.
I want t and o to be serialized. When the state is deserialized (from the database) the old objects will be gone, no longer in memory, so conflicts aren't an issue.
printf isn't buffered, the stream that it is writing to is.
No, the garbage collector never calls Dispose(). It only calls the finalizer.
Yeah, very few name clashes != uniqueness.
I know what you're saying, but writing all those comments, parenthesis, equals, prefixes is obfuscating the actual data. Also, this method doesn't port well to more verbose languages like PHP or Java.
Of course there is no need in putting this code into a separate function but it was more for clarifying
Thanks!  That makes perfect sense.  I much appreciate the great response.
Then you just set the bits in the matrix corresponding to a one in both CompleteCols and CompleteRows.
I've been using forum.nokia.com for a bit. I suppose there's some useful info there but it's usually not that great. I'm hoping Stack Overflow can become a better Symbian source. Thanks for the info!
U+9996 is a perfectly valid character, it's a Han ideograph.  See http:www.unicode.orgcgi-binGetUnihanData.pl?codepoint=9996
I thought I clarified that point. If the assembly qualification is missing then mscorlib is always checked. Since Int32 lives in mscorlib, it didn't need you specify the assembly explicitly.
I deploy everything by hand and I have only one host, so it sounds like I'm all set. Thanks!
Do you know why is it taking so long, is there any method you're calling that's accountable for the time and that could be taken to another thread?
I know I can do do that, I'll edit the question to make that clearer. The point of the question was: has anyone else done it for me?
Generally, you don't tell a view to -setNeedsDisplay: from outside   a view tells itself -setNeedsDisplay: when one of its properties changes. Furthermore, any redisplay will happen the next pass through the run loop, not immediately, which is exactly what the questioner is seeing.
This would make the balls go into each other 20 on horizontal and vertical collisions. Might as well use circular bounding boxes, as the efficiency difference negligible. Also, `(x-width)2` should be `x-width2`.
-1 is a implementation detail, string::npos is correct by definition.
I suspected this too.  After nosing around I discovered that JavaScript doesn't fail the way strcmp does in C.  x < y in JavaScript is always a numeric compare, and it converts any strings there into numbers before comparing.  So in the JavaScript detection code I'm inspecting, that's not it.
Thanks, I am still learning c++.
lol. Yup, it's crazy. I just wanted to go all the way down this path before I was comfortable saying it can't be done. I have officially given up. :-) Thanks for your help.
Huh?  That constraint was not in the original question.  If you need, keep a list of good values and check it prior to the map.
I think he has tried a copy of copies of the EXE which had the same effect, (different versions, more logging was added to try and get an answer).  I will give the debug bit a go.  Thanks
Bazaar - branch-commit-merge. Local or remote as you want or need.
The problem with this option is that the installed-base of air, as far as i know, is very limited.
Yes, but this requirement (call page, log in, return result at landing page) is only a tiny piece of what the background thread actually does... In fact it's one part of about 20 different things that have to be done on this thread. I'd use another BackgroundWorker but it'd have the same problems.
nice articles, so the tracing GC is why the tail-calling is limited.
widgisoft: you aren't losing the original pointer, it isn't passed by reference or anything. you could easily do this safely. char const s = strpdup( hello world); char const s2 = strstrip(s);  use s2  free(s);
However, this won't work for Hexadecimal.
I have a custom bitmap class that I use when I am developing apps for other platforms or where I need more flexibility. The BMP format is relatively simple. There is also an open source library (BSD license) called EasyBMP on SourceForge if you need something cross-platform.
Kevin: The point is not COCOMO as a whole.  It's the Programmer Capability (PCAP) weighting factor -- and associated research -- that shows huge variability in productivity.  Irrespective of language or IDE.
DarianMiller Touche, you raise a good point.  Maybe my question would be better stated Should the documentation be updated to remove the warning . . . 
Definitely, my instinct here is that the 75 font size on the body is being ignored or misinterpreted. Try using a fixed size on the body and your em sizes should become consistent.
Now THAT sounds interesting. I'm gonna experiment with that.
I think there might be a typo in here somewhere.  I can roughly figure out what you're asking by context, but this: use string.replace to turn  into  - this doesn't seem to work. doesn't make any sense, as it looks like you want to turn single backslashes into single backslashes.
May be full path or credentials problem> U can try writing a simple service.
Are any other users or applications hitting the database at the same time, or are you in isolation?
It wasn't visible to me when I wrote those messages.  Not sure if that's because I was at work where I'm forced to use IE, or somebody edited it.
Because that's what I have to do most of my work in.  I have to support a huge amount of convoluted, interconnected Excel spreadsheets.  I hope to rewrite it all someday in a console app, but it'll take a while.
then how do you killall child only ? (or am I missing something obvious)
Perfect.  Thanks.
How large are your files? I've seen Java apps handle files with millions of lines without skipping a beat. It just depends on how they're coded...
No, when I mean cumulative I mean everything happening within that dispatch. If you have functionA and functionB, and A calls B within its scope, then the time for A is going to included the time for B, they aren't separated. Likewise, events contain the time of all functions they dispatch to.
You are right, thanks again.
are you assuming no network connection?
Good pattern, but builder.length() != 0 is brittle -- imagine something gets added (conditionally!) to the buffer before your loop.  Instead, use an `isFirst` boolean flag.  Bonus: faster too.
A beefier machine will not help.  OOM's are generated regardless of the underlying hardware.  Memory is a virtual limitation.  The only hardware part that would make a difference is 64 bit machine vs. 32 bit machine.
The OP didn't specify details. I was just trying to present a possible method - the actual code would have to tailored to the specific requirements.
Looks good if it works.
Ditto. aaaaaaaaaaaaaand space for the validation.
Just seen your comment about the site being a 1.1 app, the code above uses generics, but it won't be hard to remove the generics from it.
I was able to write a 2.0 console app and load the 1.1 dlls thanks.  this worked.  you may want to update you code, your missing a foreach(type in types) on the top.
On this other hand, this is probably a duplicate question, but I like Corey's answer so I'll leave it open.  :)
good point,thanks:)
is there any way to use this overloading in a javascript program I create myself, or is this just a special-case for arrays?
Cheers :) perfect answer. I'll also reanme all my unique keys to IX and drop the single index i had on those fields (why double up ... that's bad!). Cheers!
S.Lott: I'm not suggesting that anyone should attempt to build a web-app in awk, but to say they should never be used is a bit outrageous. For a simple s&r andor tweak (especially to a delimited text file), perl -e or python -c is never going to be as efficient as a sedawk one-liner.
This saved me recently when we ported our framework to the Compact Framework (in .Net). If we had hardcoded dependencies on nLog, we would have been screwed. Because we used this approach, we were able to drop in a null logger and be happy.
what is mean by sequence point?
I hate this one :) I lost a day of work once tracking down one of these cases... anyways learned my lesson and haven't fallen again fortunately
Could you post the path in question?
Yes, the documentation says so, but implementation closes the stream... Check it
that might do the trick, but really I was hoping to avoid adding another div in the markup to get the space. I don't have a footer, and I'm just after something around the container perhaps that can handle volumes changing content and maintain the space if you get what I mean.
Sorry cLFlaVA, no more accepted answer for you, but you can keep the upvote for the quick response :) thanks!
Does this error get thrown right away, or after other items are set? Excel can't set the Visible property false for all items because the Pivot table needs at least one row field, one column field and one data item visible. Why are you setting the items invisible? What does this solve?
forgot to mention that (function()  code in here ); is just shorthand for (document).ready(function()  code in here );
+1 for removing and reinstalling new fbug post FF3
You do have the site set up in IIS as a .Net site now right?
I think GSS is a little bit confused on the concept of namespaces - I think what he is trying to say is that all of the .NET base classes reside somewhere in the System namespace
From http:www.php.nettypes.array : An array in PHP is actually an ordered map.  They act sorta strangely.
Rob, my code doesn't require the type to have a conversion from int. It also works for doubles.
I'm still struggling to understand this question, because the whole pointbeauty of Haskell is that it lets you write functions in the most generic way possible... perhaps you should read at least the Why Functional Programming Matters paper? http:www.md.chalmers.se~rjmhPaperswhyfp.html
See the Microsoft answer below, making interoperability more difficult than it needed to be in a roundabout way.
note that for structs parameterless constructors are not allowed, so you have to do more coding if you need same behavior for structures.
+1 and there are many. another is ccsinfo.com, of course microchip.com and more....
Sorry 6lv - I've moved the golden checkmark...
You `insequence` test in op() is overly complicated. You can write it much simpler and clearer: `insequence = insequence && x == current;`. In general, `bool1 ? bool2 : bool3` can always be written as `bool1 && bool2  bool3` (but it's not always more readable).
Seems like he'd be better off using Javascript to copy values from one form to the other, rather than trying to nest them. I don't think the nesting will work.
I think what it comes down to at this stage is that there is a lot of money to be made, so people put up with the way Apple treats them. As the store gets more and more crowded, this will no doubt change. But since it's the only way to reach x million iPhones, then you have to play the game :)
What you describe is pretty much exactly how I do it . Except my queries are methods in an abstract QueryModule class, rather than separate interfaceimplementation pairs, but that's really not a major difference. At least I feel less lonely now :-)
I wish it was possible to give all of today votes to this :)
Which is exactly what one would expect and not a  problem , actually. :)
Thanks. That Worked.  How Can I delete the number part?
Thank you. Is that the only way to do it? It seems so unintelligible.
So the built-in one requires me to know implementation details of the class I'm using (but didn't write) and to trust that a future version of the class won't change significantly. Even though the builtin one is fine, I would still feel better if there were an explicit operator defined.
This also works in just about every other non-mySQL DBMS.
I'll make sure to set up some good default bookmarks - thanks for the suggestion.
Thanks Otto, I suspected that scripting would be the only solution. You've provided a pretty simple one.
This is correct.  VB has no syntax support for a mustoverride and mixed accessibility modifiers.
Would you hold something like a matrix or a switch in the strategy instead?  That is a reasonable solution.  I originally wondered if I could somehow end up saying something like result = hand1.fight(hand2), to make client code look nice.
WPF has much better animation techniques than using an animated GIF.  I wouldn't use an animated GIF unless it needs to be in the browser control. you can display a vector animation on top of the browser control.
My requirements would include a level of bi-directional communication.
Neat question. +1
This is sort of the same flawed argument as before. Just because you can scale doesn't mean you can solve complex problems very well. Digg solves the I want to mindlessly vote on links problem. Enterprise apps have complex workflows and complex datastructures.
If null calues are sorted at the low end of the list then teh nulls will appear first on the list. this is contrary to the question where null should be placed at the end.
+1. You prove what makes SO such a fantastic resource on the web.
I'll try that - I can mount the newhome through the NFS. Thanks!
Yeah, I'm looking into MyGeneration (similar to CodeSmithTools) right now actually.  Thanks!
What happens if you select Show HTML? (control-shift-H)
Idempotent is defined to mean:
Outlook Mobile gets confused by exactly this behaviour bug. Phone appointments shift when I change the active zone.
I have this exact code implemented :) As specified before, it works fine for Ingredient records that are being deleted from memory and database (deleting Ingredients that were loaded from the DB when loading recipe). It does not work for new uncommited ones that were just created&deleted in memory.
I intend to expose the separate implementations, but I still want to have an implementation which will be usable without constraints as well.
This can fail if there are also thousant separators.
true, but not much use for what I want to do since it is the string of the name that I am after...
Daggum MSDN. It seems none of the links work these days. I'll keep looking. Thanks so much for your efforts to help. I think I'm getting closer to a solution.
Well, MVC can use the same mechanisms that WebForms uses. WebForms uses a form field here, under the hood. You can do the same if you want (and already have, from the looks of the question). You can POST from a link (instead of a button) with JavaScript.
I'll delete it if you explain your reason well...
Thanks for your response. Microsoft's approach is very worrying for a number of reasons, not least the concentration on the Entity Framework which many see as immature, overly complex and definitely slower than LINQ to SQL, which is a completely different product.
Incorrect. Data files can be resized down to the last used block, which can be determined from the dbaextents data dictionary view.
What was Bruno's javascript solution?
I know what you mean. I bit the bullet because I needed to lock the user into a particular path and not let them change directories. That plus wanting to avoid the modal dialog was just enough to make it a necessity for me.
I want to hide them in the Finder
I was able to get in touch with the author of the web service and looks like the service has been updated but the updated service was not built and tested.
Are you asking how (syntax) to write a SQL insert statement or how to programmatically execute a SQL statement?
I did use the Queue module, and wrote a class to do this.  And after doing it, I thought it seemed like a pretty common problem, and that there was probably a library to do it already.
we have a winner! thank you :)
Both of Nick's regexes will match if the Address field is at the end of the input.  Is that what you mean?
kinan i found a script that does exactly since it has hotlink protection. http:www.zubrag.comscriptsdownload.php Hope it helps.
hm ok, weird, I though it was insertAfter, but oens't really matter, If this is the anser you use then you should accept it.
There is a switch primitive in MSIL, and c statements do compile into generally C-like lookup. Under certain circumstances (target platform, cl switches etc) switch may be expanded into IFs during compilation, but it's only a fallback compatibility measure.
Just a note about style, I'd recommend that you don't pluralize your ForeignKey field names since they can only point to one record at a time.  I'm referring to your ingredients field under RecipeContent.
Yup. It's about as clean as you could possibly expect. Admittedly you need a ToArray call at the end or change the type of the result variable, but that's all.
So because Twitter has had massive outages for 3 days, therefore all web sites (including the enterprise kind) will not scale?
Item, not Index. As for preferring the Java way - give it time. C is a much nicer language than Java IMO. It takes a while to adjust, especially with the various new features of C 3.0, but it's lovely :)
Charles - while my structure performs the same result, Joel is correct in stating that they are not the same operation.
Roddy I was thinking about simulations because most of my experience is in that realm.
Well, previously, all my objects used to live on the stack, but then I realized that my provider should have different implementations, and polymorphism and dynamic allocation entered the game..
Thanks Jonathan for your detailed reply. And, you are right with some assumptions, as I am (our assumptions differ). It will be great for the OP to tell, what he needed exactly.
:) There's a caveat to everything. Though I like this solution
If you want to retrieve this from .net this is a bad approach.  You are relying on net from having the same format output in the future, and that it will be available and included on all machines.
As Eric of Yahoo! points out above, namespace issues aren't the only thing to consider.
starblue The application is an engine controller (aka ECU or DME), do I need to be more specific?.  The firmware calculates checksums on the calibration data stored in the flash memory to detect errors (and people like me trying to modify it).
hmmm, i couldn't seem to get this to work - I fit it into the tabcontrol code but it didn't seem to do much.
Konrad: but it makes large-scale applications much simpler - hmmm, Im not sure that's true. It makes them more maintainable in the sense that chnaging one thing should not break another, but simpler? That's a hrad one to swallow...
What's taking the time?  Loading the data for the grid from a dbase can be done by a background thread.  Updating the grid however cannot.  Either way, it is still going to take a second unless you just use less data.
I was hoping to get some thoughts on using it, not really asking for approval, just wondering what other people think.
And what exactly is the problem?
To be honest, I don't see that there is a real question here.
IMHO you can't achieve this with many-to-many relation. I would avoid premature optimization in this case without confirming it is a bottleneck for your application.
WunderWuzzi.  No we don't have SP1 installed.  I'll talk to the technical lead on the project to see if that's something we can try.
Poster is working in javascript--it looks to me that you're mixing C and javascript.
Functional languages are just superior that way. Of the non-functional languages, Nemerle seems to be the only one offering this feature.
The shell plugin doesn't support 64-bit last time I checked. TortoiseBZR for Bazaar claims to.
i changed the link to the one i meant
I frequently use Java's Integer.parseInt(String var) in the same way.
One other thing to add is that if using XSL to transform the XML there is no way to decode entities within attributes (http:stackoverflow.comquestions67859xslt-cannot-get-xslt-to-output-an-even-after-escaping-the-character86934).
VectorC hits the nail on the head.  Vector Pascal is interesting, in that it reads like Pascal, but is influenced by APL; that is, it is a vector processing language in itself.  
Wow, thanks for the link enobrev.  Looks like Mitch added more info the the original response.  That's really good stuff!
Or you can forget about 32 and it will be implied - not specifying the netmask implies a 32 netmask. So just use the IP address alone and forget the redundant part. Duh, sorry, I'm slowing down after the vacation. :-)
Oh gosh... I always hated that problem.
I need the progress bar running until all the response from server is rndered to the browser, not a static one. It should run according to the response content
Barry!  What about us Objective-C programmers!  That might be us too!
How are you getting the cursor handle when it's over another application? MSDN says to call GetCursorInfo instead of GetCursor.
The only issue I've found which is extremely annoying is that the history on TRUNK will only go as far back as the last branch.
sscanfprintf are not type-safe.  The stream << and >> operators are.
well, I am displaying very basic html (text and 1-2 pictures), and its important for me that component is a small one,  works with all browsers and OSes. So I am afraid this embedding option is not ok.
nearly :) it works for all but the default actions in other controllers. so indexController methods , index and testme work but in testController only testindex and testtestme work the default test action fails.
Sorry, having a hard time figuring out what you mean, can you restate the question?
DFSBFS assumes a connected graph.  Not the case in this problem.
you don't NEED > 4GB of RAM
Thanks. But I couldn't find it on my machine in the path you specified. Maybe because my eclipse isn't configured for plugin development?
added a picture cause I simply couldn't picture what you were talking about.  If that wasn't the model you had or you don't like the pic, remove it.  Cheers!
Have you tried my addendum?
The result is outit = (getHexValue(it) << 4) + getHexValue(it+1);, which I'd settle for.
Is there a reason you can't specify your criteria in the where clause?
It would be helpful if you could provide more context than just the expression.  This is an operator that can be overloaded.
How do they define using SO?  Do they mean I have one of my browser tabs showing it, or it's the currently visible browser tab, or that browser tab actually has input focus, or that I'm actually typing in that tab?  Because you'd get very different answers for each of those options.
Well, since you have all the data in a DataTable already, you need a way to display just a subset of that data. That's exactly what a DataView is for. However, the DataView doesn't have a built in way of selecting Top 100 or something like that. Which is why I'm adding a counter & doin it myself.
is there a reason you can't send a SIGQUIT instead of dividing by zero?
Bless you, my son.  That is totally and completely badass.
Aargh, my head hurts...  :-
I love RedGate software. SQL Prompt and Refactor are some of my most heavily used tools.
FYI, ASP.NET MVC also uses the Front Controller pattern, but differently
It looks like LIMIT here can only restrict the number of affected rows, not affect an nth occurrence.
Staale:  False -- you still know precisely where the failure occurred -- you still get a full, useful traceback.  Rerunning just one test is done by tweaking the code.  That's the way we do it -- because it so rarely happens that I want to run one test.
Liang, In that case I'm starting to think using a type-ignorant FieldItem object may be the wrong direction to go, and it might be better to go with specific object structures. For what you describe, it is obvious that a List<T> is the wrong representation for the object that you wish to represent
Interesting, considering your code never mentions the Application scope. Is that used elsewhere that isn't included in your code samples? If not, I'm really curious why this setting would matter.
dmercer, you want to modify callBack in place? So that after passing it to your class the caller can call it but have it run some extra code?
Java is cross platform, therefore... how could knowing unix wouldn't relate in any way shape or form......
None of them leak necessarily; only the third one potentially leaks.  A leak is when a reference to dynamically allocated memory is lost so it can't be freed; the third option would leak IFF the returned pointer was lost before the memory was freed.
An upvote from Jeff should be worth more!
As you say, I copied the gif from paint.net to the editor in visual studio, (after adjusting to make it 32x32), then removed the background.
Thank you to the people that voted this answer up after the edit. I just got into the 10k club! :-D
+1 a much more complete answer than mine - but essentially the same approach! Will get rid of mine as yours is so much more complete.
To each his own I suppose. I guess with FTP I'd expect a higher level abstraction then what they have.
In python I'd just use localsglobals rather than the direval you show above. See below.
I was surprised this compiled - I expected the compiler to detect the use of an initialized field (whereas my more complicated example would have been harder to spot). That's a nice concise demo.
I used goto quite a bit in C programming - generally as a finally block.  I have a file handle I need to close, memory I need to free etc, so at the point where I would return early, I just set a return code and goto the cleanup: label.
wouldn't that give the indices of all elements that are not equal to item?
+1 for the most obvious but also the most easily forgotten because we all take it for granted :)
It's not Django I'm fighting, it's the template language -- there is a difference. Custom tags are a PITA (I speak from experience). When you have a complex page, with multiple components, having each view do all of the necessary pre-compute logic is not DRY, which is a central mantra of Django.
Generally.  Depending on the size.
That may not be a good idea for all things. Some distributions may have modified the original for their distribution. It may be a better idea to use the package management software that comes with you system (Package management can get source as well as binaries) See 'Saua' below.
Very correct. But unless pallavi clarifies we will never know :-)
What does the outer () do?
The halting problem doesn't stop static analysis (i.e. in compilers), and to give approximate answers by looking at the program text. In fact, a big challenge is computing when two different programs are equivalent, so two equivalent programs might give different results under static analysis.
wow.  Jet.  Completely forgot about oledb...
It would help people to help you if you formatted this more readably.
See HTTP RFC for HTTP header - http:www.w3.orgProtocolsrfc2616rfc2616-sec5.htmlsec5.3
Ohh yea good point...I guess I do this right when I would bind to the data source of the grid...
thanks, that was the key.
sanchothefat: Someone pointed out that you should never change any value inside the template. This is very reasonable minimum. I personally would go further, limiting PHP to only simple functionality. Not many chained commands.
Thanks, I actually tried the while loop to test that solution, but IE will throw an alert dialog saying javascript is hanging. You're right I wouldn't want to do that.
Oh and by the way I also recently moved the repository (via svn dump and svn load) to a file based system.  Before it was on an SSL server running apache 2 and webdev.
Page Load (in the !IsPostBack) - I'll see if I get chance to throw an example together this morning.
Kent: Do you have reference regarding this internally managed list of handlers?
Yeah, that's it.  There's only a 2k output buffer, it will hang when you don't empty it.  BeginOutputReadLine + BeginErrorReadLine solves it.
Is that still true even after the assemblies are loaded in memory?
Is this web app an intranet, used by corporate clients that can be guaranteed to have Excel installed? If not, then you will either get a crash in your code, or even if you handle the errors correctly, you'd have a big hole in the intended functionality of your web page.
You might want to try YAF (Yet Another Forum). This is an ASP.NET open source forum. Never used it though!
Are you using <ASP:Checkbox> or <input type=checkbox runat=sever ...> ?
I actually agree with this. If you find too much logic happening outside of the class via querying accessor functions something may be wrong with the design. However, there are different ways of using objects... sometimes you just want an object that holds state and doesn't do anything else.
At least on x86, if the pointer is aligned correctly, the write operation is atomic.
Truth. That's not how references work.
You're protected against accidental (or malicious) locking of 'this' by external objects.
If you have another SQL Question, look here http:sqlzoo.net . It helped me a lot.
+1 HttpClient really is the way to go for this.
binarysearch doesn't return an iterator as I mentioned earlier, that's why I'm looking for an alternative.
I use It's All Text, too, and just have D:productemacsbinemacsclientw.exe in it.  I don't have a problem killing buffers visited using IAT.  I can't remember ever changing kill-buffer to accomodate this (and a quick check through my .emacs confirms this).
Hi.....in database table how to make identity column any idea?I have created a column name EmployeeId and marked as primary key.
Interesting! Trailing white space is a battle at work. I loathe it, others don't understand why. We use as much vi as vim (I use vim; they don't because they'd have to install it). I have a program I call stb to Strip Trailing Blanks and I use that as a filter; works in vi too. This is better.
like i said, quick.
Agreed - store as binary data. That also gives you options down the line for auto-generating thumbnails and different image sizes.
The other tab is working fine, it is not supposed to be a scroll-panel, just a simple panel. But the graph panel is still not scrolling when the graph is bigger than the scrollpanel..
I believe there's an option to delete authenticated sessions when you select Delete private data in Firefox
Duplicate (see edit)
The problem is not converting, but the control named ddlTypeListInGrid was not found. So you have nothing to convert. Set breakpoint to the line gvUserData and look which controls is in it.
Why wouldn't you want to use JTA or Spring?
http:support.microsoft.comkb941833
Above one-liner doesn't work for files in sys.argv[], but that one does http:stackoverflow.comquestions450799linux-command-to-sum-integers-one-per-line450825
strager, There is actually several kind of DECLs, in different files and the equivalent of the int  bar = &foo; is in only one file, so the static condition would not work.
BaileyObjects.dll     ............ Sorry had to take the dog for a walk so took a while to reply.
And the non-quick fix would be?
Thanks.  This still doesn't tell me if this is where I should be doing the calculation for best performance, but does tell me how to improve my performance in the SSAS side of things.  After further review I believe my initial design may be a bit off and am going to ask about design elsewhere.
I've always preferred the latter example, its less-ambiguous in behaviour to me.  ( +1 )
I think I'm going to opt to try SWIG later on simpler things. For now, I'll just study existing curl and mysql implementations, which match my smaller libs in complexity (as far as PHP is concerned).
who made you king of programming? :b
+1 for not recommended
Hey Jon.
Like everything else, this suffers the same issues Bevan outlined. And it punishes your legitimate users by making the software 'dial home' all the time.
Not my server, no control over what goes on it and what not.
Ok, let me know if something is unclear and I will try to rephrase or extend it.
I can't believe it...... :(
PhoenixRedeemer
Change it to GLOBALS but got no output
See section 15.3.4.3, 15.3.4.4 and 10.1.8 in ECMAScript Language Specification: http:www.ecma-international.orgpublicationsfilesECMA-STEcma-262.pdf
I'd agree only to learn ANSI C, but you can do most of this from K&R newer editions. And the book is so fundamental, I'd still recommend it
Alrighty... I updated it to lock on mlockObj instead....
Yeah, don t try to optimize your code unless you really have to. gizmo is very right about that.
Can I start a service without the user logging in first? I.E. remotely?
http:search.cpan.orgperldoc?Data::Dumper
As the SQLException is thrown on the rs.next(), I do not have access to the row causing the error.  The last row prior to the exception doesn't exhibit anything strange. I am still investigating, but I am leaning toward an encodingcharacter-width issue as igor-db suggests.
I thought they were asking why the program has the output included in the question.
anything beyond 2-columns is complicated without tables.
The latter variant is probably what he needs. A more readable form: ^([a-zA-Z0-9]+(-[a-zA-Z0-9]+)
It would seem likely and useful that there would be some kind of tunnel to JavascriptHTML functionality available in XBAP applications, is there not or not one planned? WPF has the Page concept but it seems to be 100 XAML.
It's not even supported by IE7
I don't think there's an issue with variable++.  I deleted my answer because your question is language agnostic.  But if you're writing .NET, you should be using the System.IO.Path class for your file path parsing logic.
OregonGhost: Yes, you do. And if you change the value of the variable within the using statement, it's still the original value which is disposed.
Ever heard of binary search?
Except if your favorite language is C++ ;)
Pretty acurate of the current solution:)
You would end up aliasing the fields(especially on reports) of this:SELECT user.name, image.name FROM user, image. Why not save yourself the effort? To disambiguate same field name,you have to alias them on PHP,C,Java,etc.  SELECT user.name as username, image.name as imagename FROM user, image
It's better to put these fullnames on the table level rather than aliasing them incessantly on queries.
I advise against regular expressions.  They're just not suited for evaulating this kind of document.  The two step approach, while perhaps slower, will result in cleaner, simpler, more maintainable code.
Ah, the lack of  diagram made it look like a copy-and-pasted homework assignment, consider me corrected. Certainly a flood-fill type approach would work for this.
If the filenames were completely random, it wouldn't matter which digits were used.
stu - i am creating a new thread -- the service has been running testingdev environments for months without this problem.  one of a few production machines started behaving this way, though.  (it worked on that machine for a while, too).  odd.
Don't know how scaled-down it is, IRT memory footprit, etc... But it's plenty fast!
sandbox still sounds weird, though
well I wanted try out that to use in some sort of parser
But be aware that multiple strings can map to the same hash code!
+1. Don't print a page, you clown. What have the trees ever done to you? :-)
I'm not sure that LINQ-to-XML entirely solves the problem - but I wouldn't be surprised if XPathReader was pushed aside because of it. I'm still looking around for something similar. I'll let you know.
Kev: Not to worry. If you think of it again, please add it :)
Chris, Jk linked to the QueryServiceStatusEx API function. You can call it from any language you want, including Delphi. You don't have to hook into another language. You call API functions all the time: everything you've ever called from the Windows unit, for instance.
Could you tell us a little bit about why you need the code to run on a specific thread? If it is because you have to access GUI controls, you can marshal your call to the GUI thread when needed. Otherwise please elaborate.
Ei, Zorko. can you try again? should work now.
The path is the directory most of the time (pages) though occasionally a file within that directory (pagesimage.jpg)
Thanks bjeanes.  this is much cleaner too.
Ali A.  The answer remains yes.  There are standard conversions for all Python types.  They're all there.  Already defined.  Already part of the language or libraries.
Exact duplicate of http:stackoverflow.comquestions354837whats-up-with-logging-in-java
HAH!!! Funy. That's what my boss wants me to do. HAH!!
thank you much. testing now.
This is not true if, for example, a = 1, b = 3, c = -2, d = -3.  If b and d are positive then it is true that ab < cd if and only if ad < bc.
Extension methods are good for adding new methods to existing classes but this is not suitable for my scenario, thanks.
Well, the problem as defined (or rather as we re-defined it) produces the same bias either way, and yes it will produce the same solution sets as the first one, but the order may be different. This one doesn't require a shuffle, so it preserves the first random order (whatever that means)...
Yeah, I'm not sure you really understood the problem.  The exception is caught by the ASP.NET script service code -- caught before I have a chance to catch it.  So the global error handler doesn't work. The framework sends an error client-side so I can display a message, but there's no server hook
Thank you.  You're right, I've just changed it to a ManyToOne relation, and I've added the nullable=true parameter, but the result is still the same :(
That's a good question for the client that I'm doing this work for. I think that it's a legacy thing that he's done before, but that would have been in the ADO world, not .NET. It seems like it would make more sense to ship the MDB empty, but with the tables in it. That would make everything easier.
That actually was my initial WTF, but I've gotten used to it, and I didn't realize that partition() existed.
Arrays are very nice in this function. As for smarty, pretty much anything is a faster and better option.
Both files are dinamically linked.
Alnitak: Done, I think.
Thank you for the information regarding the module names :) .
Added Oracle and SQL Server.
can you explain a little more on macro based approach.
aahhh ... yes, i forgot this one :) but try to uninstall 2.0 if you previously installed 3.03.5 - a msg will be shown with this info
Well one problem you've got is that text diff toolslibraries typically operate on a line-by-line basis, meaning they only delineate between lines being same or different and if they're different is it because other lines have been insertedremoved?
Are you really using a tunnel or is the problem just the non-standard port for ssh?
Just becasue lack of design specs. This should exist at the beginning but we realized now.
while I agree this is not programming related (directly), it is of great relevance to programmers, so I'll preemptively vote for not closing it (unless it's a dupe... it sounds a little familiar, but I'm too lazy to search).
Robert, haha yeah i ripped it from that analogy :p
hal10001 - Sorry, I know how to do it in Apache, not IIS.
use the -verbose and -debug arguments when starting ant, perhaps the extra info will be helpful on why it fails
A breadth first attack on usernames isn't going to be very successful..
Excellent question and answer.
I have the same problem! I'm disappointed that there aren't any detailed solutions offered.
CodeAnalysisDictionary triggers a  Property value is not valid.  error on my system.
No that doesn't work, because the nesting of the xml is wrong.
Wouldn't it have been great if C++ was named ++C indicating that you can write a well optimized code using it..
Besides, there's no way to know if you could even return a non-null object in the first place (unless it's a struct) Maybe you want to return a struct?
So if i put the interface inside the mouse device then how do i call it inside there?
Ah, yes I totally agree.
Thanks! I've removed the disclaimer.
Lol, sorry. I want to know if a TEMPORARY TABLE will incur disk writes (which would interfere with the INSERTS, i.e. slow to whole process down). Thx!
Thanks! We have VMWare Workstation so this looks perfect.
Jonathan, that's where nested transactions come into play.
You got any texts to recommend?
1 method? static void ForgetBet( Bet bet )  bet.Forgotten = true; 
Was my answer too.
...that is the single most cool thing I have seen to date on SO
How are you importing it, when i import from the COM tab Microsoft HTML Object Library, which is c:WindowsSystem32MSHTML.TLB, it's still wrong.
Also, I REALLY dislike the attitude that you know the domain of my problem better than I do.  I didn't come here for a religious debate about GC.  I asked a very specific question.  I'd appreciate if someone with higher rep could get rid of all this OT noise.
And the trick I mentioned depends on the size of the new rectangle you're adding, so it's not like you can maintain a hierarchical data structure that already incorporates this.  His answer is broken.  Reread mine.
No problem, I expected that you would choose bobwienholt since it is fast and clear. I only did this for fun to see if there was some way that was faster. I'm happy that you liked the detailed explanation! Good luck!
Defensive programming is attempting to deal with illegal conditions introduced by other parts of a program. Handling improper user input is completely different thing.
I'm not 100 sure, but the synapse author suggest to download it from the svn, look at the first link svn repository to see his reply
yes. modifying the description as well to make it more clear. i guess many people find it vague or unclear.
Thanks for the reply, some great ideas here Adam. You are right about the conflicting requirements...need to give this some thought (it's drinks time here in Africa) but the telphone number password option maybe a solution for me. Will give an update tomorrow.
Its not attached. I was trying to leave this as a SQL Express database so the data could travel with the project.
A problem with ObserverObservable is that I am already subclassing, and so I can't extend Observable.
That's awesome, can I come work at your place?
Shouldn't (fold+Area).click(...) be (showfold+Area).click(...)?
Cocoa has other root classes besides NSObject; id could reference NSProxy, for instance.
The problem I see with the approach at that link, is to me it seems to muddy up the clear MVC separation possible with the standard format - in particular, with the PhoneNumbers example what happens if you want a PhoneNumberCellController in multiple tables with slightly different cell types?
You should probably clarify the webserver you're using.  I'm assuming Apache but it might be IIS or something else.
Click Upvote, you need do dig the subject more. JavaScript is Scheme with C clothes and more.
What if I wanted to say, return 10 expense items (with associated transactions)
One specific example was calling a web service with CLR from within a trigger. I call that dangerous.
I wrote the software at the request of the hardware manufacturer.  his customers end up being my customers.  Rather than pick form a list of COMn it is nice to see COMn - Belkin USB rs232 or something like that.
Yes, you CAN, but I think it's a lot cleaner to have a method that describes what you want to to, rather than calling button1Click(null,new EventArgs());
I can't believe that the framework will allow the hashset to sit around until my appdomain closes.  Not that my iterator will sit around for a long time, its a contrived example to ask the question.
Thanks, the other answers were very good (and useful for me as well) but this explained exactly what I was looking for.
recursive: Taking offensive and spam content out of a question is a civic duty here. The real problem is when OPs decide to continue to troll. This is an ongoing issue with this user and has been reported to uservoice.
Ah, surely there is a way to tell the command line client to ignore .svn. I don't know what OS you are using, but Tortoise will let you do a simple drag and drop in the repository viewer to complete this task.
Won't work for me, I'm stuck with IE7 for at least the next few months. I'd prefer that MS fixed the software it released rather than just releasing a new one (with new bugs I presume).
Interesting link. If I understand correctly, it's what I'm doing at the moment, except that my pool is actually typed.
I know what the values are, but I want to make a program generic enough that I can add another request table without changing the code.
A better way would be to not constrain T to IDisposable and instead explicitly cast type as IDisposable in the foreach loops. If the as returns null, then the type doesn't implement IDisposable and there is no need to call it, otherwise you explicitly call Dispose() through the interface.
I cleaned up your example a bit.  I can forgive starting a class name with a lower case letter but let's make sure the thing compiles at least!
What part isn't working?  Looks like you'd want quotes around your img src attribute e.g. src=filename but other than that it looks okay.
Would like to +1 this, but I find the yes and no misleading - you should change that to just point out that the server name will be resolved using DNS without encryption.
I agree with this; I have used runtime exceptions exclusively over an extensive codebase (about 2000 classes evenly split between library and application) and have not had practical problems in production with unhandled exceptions.
Hope you don't mind, I added a bit to your class :)
I disagree, a good developer should be able to read code like reading a book, or a mathematician reading a series of equations. 
See this blog post for more info.  This was my starting point. http:andrewtokeley.netarchive20080706mocking-linq-to-sql-datacontext.aspx
he changed that after most of us had written an answer
Actually, given a known tree size for a complete binary tree, you can calculate where in the tree the next insertdelete nodes will be and move to them in O(1) average time [upper bound O(log n)] (using basically the same analysis as that determining the O(1) average insert+bubble time for heaps).
Your second point is especially true when incorporating C libraries, as they lack namespaces.
I don't think that this will compile. Enum.Parse() takes a string, while value should be an int based on the original question.
I think the bottom line is that FCGI needs to be sprinkled on top of this before it's really a plausible design pattern, especially from a performance perspective.
The thing about the huge overhead of Vector is nonsense; in fact, if you actually need the basic synchronization it provides, it is faster than using Collections.unmodifiableList().
SquareCog: I can't say to a customer: you see, there is a CBO, and it decided that you need to SELECT faster and INSERT slower. He's the customer, he decides what he needs, and our task is to translate his decisions to SQL hints.
John Price: I wrote that comment as you were putting your second update in, and I did not see it before I left the page. I agree, there's nothing wrong with that per se.
Thanks. I realized it after walking away from the code that the VB line is just trying to typecast it to long.
What you are describing here is integration testing, not unit tests.
If you're running a giant transactional system (i.e. a stock exchange or some such) I'm sure it'd be great. If you're just running a ton of web applications I'm not sure it would turn out to be worth it (except for ego!)
What do I do if where shows No stack ?
Anywhere that mentions persistence ignorance and separation of concerns; also with DIIoC implications for testing. Of course, EF doesn't allow persistance ignorance, but that is another issue.
It depends on the model.  In a relational design, if a deleted flag does not belong in the relationtupletable - i.e. it's not an attribute of the key, I would not put one.  In a star schema - you would put them only on the core tables.
+1: Model is one thing.  Performance is another.
The regexp parser will go through your string character by character. At position 0 it will replace 'B' with 'e', at position 1 it will replace '' with 'e', and so on.
Yeah, you're right. i guess i'm just cookoo.
Actually, not quite true. I thought so myself at first, but the Javadocs for Integer.valueOf(String) clearly state that it is equivalent to new Integer(Integer.parseInt(String)). Integer.valueOf(int) does indeed cache, though.
I have that T-shirt!  :)
SO is here to promote learning, not get your job done for you, though...
I have turned off UAC and I have also added application manifest to elevate privileges. I am not aware of security needs specific to the message queuing system. I checked the message queue properties and I find that the  security tab does not display any settings for running in WORKGROUP mode.
Thank you, just what i wanted to hear :)
Don't like the object[] route, but +1 for KeyValuePair. There's a non generic Pair class somewhere in the BCL that I also use occasionally, but all I recall is that it's somewhere in one of the Control namespaces (WebControl, Control, ComponentModel or something...)
The question is tagged IIS, so unless I missed something (seriously, did I?) .htaccess and modrewrite aren't going to help.  Anyway, he might have other valid sub-domains to work, so the condition should probably specify that if there is a subdomain, it isn't www. =^)
Um, OK, Tony, but you should first realize that nothing in your question or the code you posted as anything to do with variants.
Thanks NY. So The below would do it (sorry - very new to this and don't want to cause any problems..)
As long as we understand that they aren't dump trucks, I think we'll be ok.  :)
I am using the 2nd edition and you might be referring to the first in terms of item 18. In my book it talks about preferring interfaces to abstract classes. Maybe you meant item 22 (for me :)) prefer static member classes?
it works then :] It was a threading problem.
-1 from me also.  Are you saying that it's IMPOSSIBLE for there to be a problem with OS X?
+1 for stating it'll be slow ...
Or you have endian issues ;-)
See post for extended explanation.
+1: Process incrementally
Perfect.  I'll try that when I get home (to my code)
Have you tried other permutations, such as changing the Log on as to a user account and not Local System account?
wow, I never realized that True, False and even None are part of the builtin module... the first solution did it for me, thank you for pointing me in the right direction! I found some more info here: http:www.python.orgdoc2.3whatsnewsection-bool.html
Perhaps.  I have a site which could soon hit over 1,000 articles (it grows daily).  I want to display the article count on the home page, but it doesn't need to be live, if it's off by 15 or 50, that's fine.  I don't need to run this query every time someone hits the page.
You bring out a good point with Knowing your audience  ... I also like You are not your user (Platt) and Know thy user.(Platt) This cannot be emphasized enough
make sure you have System.Xml.Linq namespace added. See my edit.
+1: Less code is better -- no code is best (i.e., don't reinvent the wheel).
Cool, thank you avit.
I think the layman's concept of by value here is actually to copy  the string's contents, that's why the quotation marks.
what version of GWT are you running, there were some known issues with Selenium in older versions
Yes, it can be used to search with wildcards. You must be doing something wrong if it doesn't work.
this adds nothing that mouvicel didn't already say, but it's still a fair point
Aaron: Is that how you sell your OS to customers?
Hi, I don't want to expose complete database. That's why I will not go with current 2tier architecture...
RS thanks as of now i don't have any, but i've encountered quite a few and decided it's time for me to open my mind by hook or crook.
keep an eye on this thread:
Constants that never change should be declared final, then it's impossible to overwrite their values accidently.
Thanks, that's excellent.
(continued) And from what little I've seen of XAML, I'm underwhelmed. JSF and IceFaces have been using XML Namespace extensions in this way for a while now, just without the cute rhymes-with-YAML name.
Could you give an example of setting up timeBeginPeriod in C?
There's unfortunately no way to keep track elsewhere, because in Firefox you don't get notified of the value in the first place. It's basically a Firefox design flaw that makes this scenario impossible, as I see it.
Okay, that seems to be a separate question - I suggest you post your code on that, there's no reason it shouldn't work. But you really should be using the .NET classes for all your crypto needs - wrapping CryptoAPI is not really such a good idea. And as I said, its all there in 2.0 (even RSA).
You should probably check out the PHP-specific forum list on Wikipedia: http:en.wikipedia.orgwikiComparisonofInternetforumsoftware(PHP)
True, but I was hoping to create a method that I could use with any type.
Yeh, owning up to the dumbness proves how smart you are. The real cowards delete their dumb answers... good thing they aren't doctors, erasing medical records. Actually, it's a good thing we aren't either; reboot would be a bad medical treatment.
I think you should initialize i to -1 and increment it at the beginning of the loop body to make sure that a continue statement doesn't cause problems.
Thanks. So this will include both 400th and 500th elements?
You'll only need one thread to do this. Good point!
public class Act : BaseDO
Concur; it's almost impossible to provide a good answer without sample code here.
Why not use Django or Cheetah?
Well, I see what you mean, but I think it would be more non-intuitive to try to use something that doesn't yet exist. Like doing: print a; a=5
I've tried cusp several times and have always had difficulty getting it to actually talk to SBCL.
Nope, nobody is.  I'm just trying to delete it.
Don - if you aren't going to follow best practices you are in the wrong industry.
sktrdie: afaik `head` is guaranteed to exist when a `script` is executed - as long as the HTML is well-formed, the `head` element will always precede the `script` element
ahh: and thanks for notifying me. I would not have looked at this post again.
learned something new :)
No, because it depends both on your tree and what you're searching for.
Added some tags to the question, I hope they are appropriate.
there are PLENTY of purposes. see my post below. BTW the author of this blogpost says himself that its a gimmick to call them 'evil' to get people to take notice. they absolutely are NOT evil. i cant wait to see some of the awful tag soup that will result by people trying to follow this pattern
I have added the code below to get the exact thing you are looking for.
Perhaps the table had records in it.
I would recommend creating a separate DAL that references the BOs, either that, or a third layer between the two, a Business Logic (BL)layer to bridge the gap between the DAL and the BOs.  While the DAL may return a datatable or something, the BL will convert that into your BOs.
The tricky matrix math ops are at least O(n^3)... worse come to worse, I suppose you could time and test...
His use does not entirely seem nonsensical, but it just seemed like it would be pretty far from best practice.
Agreed that properly securing the page and then using incrementing id's would be the way to go - infact there are good perf. reasons not to use a GUID or GUID-like as an id in a database, especially for indexed columns
I don't think the program I'm writing is complex enough to be running into endianness issues (no bitwise operations). I'm not using many advanced data types, the most is a pointer to structure, and I allocate memory to it with malloc(sizeof(StructType)), which is correct I think.
Yes, that looks easy for linux, but Microsoft doesn't seam to agree - they provide a mkgmtime function instead ...
Instead of logical to avoid a disaster like I can't name a logical language...? Yeah I can see that.
I don't think so.  The error occurs within TinyMCE.  View the source of this: http:demo.opensourcecms.comwordpresswp-adminpost-new.php  username admin password demo
Unlike the general opinion, vim's portable even in the normal version the one from www.vim.org. Just put in your .vimrc to set no backup and stuff, and off you go. Works great, leaves no traces. I use it all the time in that manner (on a stick).
You can not use Overlapped IO on a handle unless it has been created in a special way. In particular this means that you will not be able to use overlapped IO on inherited handles, such as the three standard streams.
OrbMan: Yes, I've reformulated that. I was referring to the process of combining fields to a key, but reading the paragraph again I saw that the wording was misleading.
Sorry, AS noob question, what do you mean sign the sproc? Surely I need a select anyway to define the table ?
This is an example.  The actual Albums table will have approximately 10 columns that I'll want, and that's a lot of repeated data.  I'm going with two queries instead.
This would be lovely and thanks for the info. But alas, I need something that will run in my current production environment (5.2.6). THANKS!
Hm, do you have any suggestions as to how I could be more specific? I'm looking for ties between what Smalltalkers refer to late binding of all things and modern IoC patterns...
Got it.  Thanks!
Thank you! I'll definitely post an update.
If you 'catch' and then 'throw' (rethrow), you see two first-chance exceptions in the debugger.  With OP's strategy, you see one.  (I think) the goal is 'logging that does not ruin change the debug experience', which is why OP has the right idiom already.
If they are already stored in mysql, why not leverage the power? Mysql has comprehensive, and well tested date functions.
Why not write a template reserve function that does nothing, and then a specialization for std::vector that calls reserve on it? That way the caller doesn't have to pass a bool to control whether reserve should be called. It just figures it out based on the container type.
All iTunes Store songs these days are DRM-free, though. It's just old ones that people didn't pay to upgrade that would be a problem. You might just be able to tell users their iTunes Store songs have to be iTunes Plus.
Thanks for the additional comments.  Pool is part but not all of the game. I think that I can reduce some complexity and use just 2D based physics.
I second this notion. Without more context, it would be hard to provide a cutdry suggestion, despite the OP's obvious pre-determined opinion that the developer is a problem. Not saying he is or isn't, but there could be valid reasons for each of those behaviors.
Nothing wrong with putting some monitoring code in the prototype, as long as you tell the users.
Thanks, that looks much cleaner compared to what I've come up with, but this will only work with Django v1.1 and later, correct?
Jon Skeet It is not slower than loading the data into a hashtable, because a hashtable is the typical implementation for xslt keys. And this is much higher level, the XSLT processor does it for you and you simply cannot make any error that you could typically make working with the HT yourself.
+1. Once you're hooked into the page's JavaScript you can then do anything you'd normally do in JavaScript, including grabinspect the HTML in the page.
The safe format means that the SQL Server will always interpret the string as yyyyddmm when converting it to datetime type, no matter what are your locale settings
Finding a random collision on a hash is not a 12^n probability True if the goal is to come up with a pair of collided documents. False if the goal is to come up with a document that collides with a given document.
what version of IIS are you gearing towards?
Updated with additional details. Apologies for being unclear.
Those seem to be good traits. Although it helps if the language lends itself to working around such problems (such as extra parens).
It works only if can prevent stdio from flushing the buffer, and I guess the details of that aren't standardized.
Do you have to install Microsoft Silverlight Tools for Visual Studio 2008 SP1 after Expression Blend for all this stuff to work? Maybe I'm getting screwed by good old install order problems.
No, .Net has several features Java lacks, as well as vice-versa. In fact, when it comes to cool features, I'd say .Net has a clear lead.  But I think they made a big mistake leaving out possessive quantifiers.
NP - happy to help!
+1 for catch by reference throw by value. Who said that - Sutter?
is that from someone with a problem with zero-index arrays?
Well I could say doing it in C just because presumably the OP already knows C. Having said that, I would say that avoiding the relative pain of doing it in C would be well worth the effort of learning a better language for this task. Personally I would suggest Python, but there are lots of choices.
If new-data.php is on the same server as the script calling it, why aren't you just passing the path to it instead of a URL?
Good idea. Just avoid the whole regex parsing and escaping since you're not using it.
We're talking about private helpers, which means they are not part of the public API of the class. That means nothing at all prevents you from providing a different implementation later, making them non-static, or making any other changes.
I don't worry about it I've not come across a parser that gets upset over its not being there.  UTF-8 is the default.
Duplicate: http:stackoverflow.comquestions370060how-can-i-include-css-files-from-an-mvc-partial-control
Seriously: do people use editors that can't wrap lines?
The assumption that you could theoretically write a better performing join with an extra layer of abstraction from the metal is problematic, even before you consider how optimised the DB code is for it's task.
I found some good info on IceFaces scalability here: http:www.icefaces.orgJForumpostslist2840.page. Bottom line: for large, scalable sites, AJAX push can be tough to work around.
I really don't understand how this relates to answering the question of whether the files should be overwritten.
My point is, i should probably create a new question, What is the best way to return XML in ASP.net, and post the 10 different solutions i've found on the internet, the 4 i have in my question, the 3 answers so far, and let people then focus on deciding the right way.
unfortunately i expected this answer :-(
+1, System.exit() should NEVER be called in a servlet under ANY circumstances. Period.
Wrong. Only C strings are null terminated.
so you've just killed the optimiser, so now both versions are slow. Reflection is, therefore, still damn slow.
Ash, there's an itchy line between indispensable and fundamental.
See older Cray super computers floating point for a real example of trading correctness for speed :)
I use ConceptDraw MINDMAP 5.  Excellent for mapping out ideas
Yes for all public items but internal items to the class can differ by case.
Are you already using UTF-8? Does your application declare this correcty (HTTP header)? When do those incorrect encoding issues appear? And is this reproducible?
You can also say: ifstream fin(file.txt).  You can test with while(fin) getline(); cout<<line;    ifstream will automatically close when it goes out of scope.
I get json like the one posted because i use non .net JSON serializer.
Ok, the infamous APTCA.  What to you see when you to ToString on the exception?  Here is more on APTCA:
I dont need to. Just wanted to know if that is possible. I am doing some RnD using Console App
We also lack a flame-bait tag.
not if you go the SDK route - but there are terminal apps available on the jailbreak scene
At the moment I have a set of structures, but the code at the moment iterates over those structures but could do so if just handed a CGeometry array as the others are purely structural: http:pastebin.comf37eff695 which is then rendered by this method: http:pastebin.comm56f9b4d9
good point -- I think if I just move the declaration inside the TRACE function it will break the TRACEF macro though -- is this true?
Can you look at the pseudocode i wrote, do you know whether count and median can be made with logn or in constant time using indexes ?
Funny, I've more often found the opposite. EXISTS will stop searching at the first match found, whereas a join makes all possible matches. Thus EXISTS ought to be faster. I think.
If that is the case then presumably you use the dbo schema for membership items only and put everything else elsewhere?  Perhaps not the most elegant workaround but maybe still neater than having membership items bundled in with everything else?
mysql server 5.0
It's fine if you have a real time GUI toolkit. Separate the concerns into a application and UI layer (or go crazy), but remember that for some jobs the UI has to be real-time.
In OpenID there are two roles: OpenID Provider and Relying Party.
You could generate a million rows of test data and try it.  Personally Ithink it'll work just fine (properly indexed).
Note: You should run that from a VS 2008 command prompt - it's highly likely that the default paths won't have the .NET framework folders mapped.
What are you tired about? A customer does have orders that have line items. The reason you see a lot of that is because it is a common pattern. That's why it's used in examples a lot. Not sure what your issue is with that example...
I do not now how to do it in that specific situation, just make sure you store your data in a place that is accessible from both the screens, if there is currently none then make sure to give both the screens a reference to a third object and store it there.
If you hire people for a new project, chances are very low they have ever heard of Wicket. Thats why I came up with Seam, Richfaces. Easier to find people.
Hehehe great minds think alike :)
Your picture is gone
If you want something efficient, you need to come up with some clear rules. What is your final goal?
Yes, that could be a good solution but I miss one thing. One comment could react to another one, for example by typing [12] reaction, [32] reaction in the text of the comment. If administrator delete comment no.6, these reactions will be wrong.
I think the question is whether the KillAllUsers method should be static in the User class or if it should be someplace else.
I might be missing something, but aren't they largely orthogonal? wcf is transport and contracts; xhtml is presentation. Sure, you could return a string.... but?
I don't know, but there's a definite style preference.  It's opposed somewhat by people (like me) who like to use the same form as much as possible (I almost never write setq instead of setf).  It may have something to do with an idea to say what you mean.
This isn't likely to be any quicker than a manual search as it doesn't sound as if his collection is sorted
I am a bit confused ;) Is there a way to just do this check once instead on every proper word. Its deleting info that I need.
Or just ssh into a cow-orkers computer after an all nighter, copy their code off and delete it (or just move it to another location), then watch what happens. This only has to happen to any programmer once.  The poster must be on a team of amazingly inexperienced programmers.
Perhaps he should start it with, As a programming... :)
That's what I think too... :)
watch out for union it is a performance problem cause is disticifies the set, prefer union all for these kind of problems
Honestly: worry about getting the job done first. Only if it works perfectly and you can measure that it s too slow (whatever that means), only then start worrying about performance. Premature optimization is so brainless that it hurts me. Physically.
Thanks, of course your right. I thinks I need more coffee.
http:stackoverflow.comquestions320291how-to-post-an-array-of-complex-objects-with-json-jquery-to-asp-net-mvc-controll is related
DrJokepu: Certainly it is - but that would be an entirely different question (or a lot longer answer than I have time for now).
That's it.  Thanks.  I was trying to use some operator() tricks earlier and missed that fix.
How so? The original question wasn't asking for a DDD best practices tutorial, it was asking how to refactor existing code into something more manageable.
We had been using Local Object Storage previously. But there are some sceanrios (e.g. a Flash application embedded in a PDF document) in which access to LOS has been completely cut-off.
This solution would definitely work for me but I prefer the simplicity of the Hibernate solution. A pity I could only give you a +1
It's on a web page, I thought of that too...letting it sort to one column, but I couldn't figure out how to then break it up via some html.
True, but it was never an issue because no one ran as a standard user. It was unfortunately very common for programs to assume the user was an admin, and I'm glad Microsoft finally got their act together on the issue.
The view is here http:dpaste.com122227
you have made a tiny, insignificant edit to the OP, which did not address any of the problems I raised.  Down-voting this question.
Good idea, I will look into this.
the app isn't doing this and no one else is either. I guess one part of this sentence is not correct ;-)
You see I just like BOOOM! But I wasn't sure if I should.. =P
Hi Alan. Thanks for the update. I was looking at the source for v1.2701 to see if I could hack it but I'm glad a more official version will be available soon.
Yes, I remember you and it was probably EuroPython back in Gothenburg. I think we also met in London sometime. Hope it works for you :-)
Comments aren't a good place to solve a secondary problem like this.  Edit your question and I'll edit the answer, or ask a new question.
I didn't realize at the time that you wanted to preserve the history :-
Oh Man! the stuff is obviously not clear. I am editing it.
Well, why have a const one then in the first place I guess?  What is the idea behind that.
Thanks, ok, I just tested with tortoisecvs at the moment and assumed it would be an issue with both, I'll check that svn works.
What do you mean by the remote process continues to spew? When either side of the ssh connection dies, the other should die as well... puzzled
the best documentation, read the source code :)
What's rightwrong with a solution like having loginrequired passing all POST parameters to the protected view?  Isn't that relatively straightforward to implement?
Its like a GOSUB without the return trip. =)
+1 math! Seems like the exact solution would run much faster than a rasterize techinque too.
makes sense - i assumed it was referring to the input program which was in fact named Program.exe.  in any event i now see the error of my ways... thanks!
Are you referring to a console application (i.e. no windows)?
just what i was going to suggest!
Also, you could just use your own XML format and add its name to the applications' configuration files and read it directly.
Something like this will help: svn info --depth immediates http:svn-urlprojecttags
In some locales (mine, for instance), 1,000 is 1. A thousand will be 1 000,00.
If there is nothing in the first column, whats the problem?
Thanks. How do I decide between setting the bool for Dispose() as true or false? Thanks.
Still not sure if the the fonts are going to look too crappy, but here's a first HelloWorld http:confusionstudio.comstarwars001.swf, pure Flex code (with the swcs from Flash imported, of course).
I just tried it, but it turns out to be UNIX only. An error is thrown when it tries to load the standard resource module which is not available on windows.
Even better: how about programming questions and not webDNS administration ones?
I'm pretty sure this type of question must have come up previously on this site, but searching for stack overflow is no use whatsoever
It would help if you got away from text files. everyone seems to have assumed your file will have line-breaks every <1000 chars. a binary however may never have a line-break, so the whole file gets buffered as a 'line' .
Nope. If a single CourseService instance is shared by multiple threads, then it's possible for races to occur.
I am not saying that it is not a good idea to learn how smart pointers work. But the thread is about boost being harmful, and I am honestly not interested in studying how boost::threads or boost::filesystem is implemented on each OS behind the scenes.
So, I'm I doing something wrong by defining new properties on the prototype property in my short snippet?
I too prefer the HTTPModules over Global.asax but on my shared hosting server when I am trying to implement HttpModule then it gives me 500 Insternal Server Error. That's why I am going with Global.asax
Sending a test message is not an option.  It needs to be validated as best as possible on the form prior to submission.
I can cut down the memory limits, but I had hoped I would just be able to cut down memory usage so that it wouldn't hit the limits. :)  I am open to all suggestions and happy to dive in further if the simple approach doesn't work.
note that he has a member template class, and not a member template function. the thing is more complicated for a member template class. because for example friendship is not granted anymore.
This question is CLOSED? however although I think some of the ideas are dumb, it is a valid question and opens up a needed dialog...such discussions are important....why are such discussions closed which are obviously popular?????
Confused. :-( What do you mean going over its length and in what scenario will it going over its length? If result length is the same as original input length, it is fine and no need to allocate 100 bytes more.
that's the number of Up votes -- 4 people (5 now) have voted in favor of this answer.
Okay. I'm leaving this answer here (and not deleting it) because it may be useful to somebody else who comes here asking a similar question.
Try height(node) = max(height(node.L), height(node.R)) + 1;
It would be easy. You'd know which category was what based on the ID of the row. You can case the select statement to get the average category scores. The only way this isn't that great is if the categories are dynamic. Are the categories dynamic?
It's syntactical. Literals represent values, like Hello and 42, whereas keywords don't.
Chris: what does high availability have to do with this question?  Also, with RAID arrays the primary database rarely goes down.  When it does go down, it's not media; it's processor.  A replacing processor using the existing RAID gets you back up with LESS complexity.
made the edit change... hope this makes it a bit clearer.
Favorited. Thanks!
True, but I've seen lots of cases where someone didn't think of using a counter and went straight to random--very few cases where people actually needed a non-predictable answer.
Vicky: The answers to your previous questions contain a lot of information that would be helpful in solving your problem. Perhaps you could explain what you have tried any why the solutions already given do not work for you.
I agree that it is poor (sorry if I gave the impression it was a good thing) just pointing out that the precision issue isn't a problem except where the literal value had to be truncated to fit in the float.
If that doesn't work, your view isn't doing what it should.  Are you sure you're updating the list in your appviewscategoriesfilter.rjs?  Can you post that as a code sample?
I think self improvement is everyone's job.  PM's should be tracking progress and reporting on changes - during the post mortem a comparison of est. vs. actual should come up but rarely does.
It depends, do you need all fields to contain a value ?
i get the following error message:
I would give you +100 if i could :) Thanks
I have the same setup in my package, but I'm getting an ImportError cannot import name Helper
Basic (pdb-only) symbols will not impact your executable code, and you don't have to distribute them. (Full debug symbols are a different matter.)
You could simply instantiate all the kext bundles in SLE once, perhaps in the background a few seconds after your app finishes launching. After you do that, bundleWithIdentifier: will work, as long as the bundle identifier you get from IO Kit is that of a kext.
Why do you make the parameters final?
for some reason i doubt this would even be an issue. besides a quick if(first === true) is... well... quick.
In a practical application, the result could bring back a million rows - however a real page would paginate the results and the if test would be negligible.
what do you want to see through the widget you want to make translucent? the desktopother windows? or another widget in your application?
Good question, probably not, it just feels a bit sluggish using the hover event
I guess I did! :) Thanks!
You can have several candidates like ! and check with a case expression to find if PWD has them.  E.g., case PWD of ) ;; ) delim= ;; esac; repeat until delim is not empty.
I can't say that I did a large amount of web.config modifications, I only added the assembly System.Web.Silverlight, Version=2.0.5.0, Culture=neutral,PublicKeyToken=31bf3856ad364e35 to SafeControls. I also added the two mime-types to IIS. Are there other modifications I should be doing?
Hi Bernd, There's certainly power in them there functions, thanks very much for the pointer.  I do tend to side with These functions should only be used by custom installation actions and authoring tools on the referenced page though :P (Will report back when I do attack this issue in the end...)
thanks for the answer will check out jquery too ;)
Cheers for that.
Opps, I forgot to copy the set version= line.. Thanks!
Note also that the OP's regex was incomplete: it started <td=&quot; instead of <td id=&quot;. But the main problem was the delimiters, and this is the first answer to correctly address that issue.
And what is the compiler you are using?
The Accordion UI plugin makes the whole header for an element clickable. I would like only the triangle to be clickable, not the whole header.
yeah it worked great then I had the idea to be able to search by log number and nut just username and that's when i started a having problems because the error number is embedded in a string.
Yes, since they are an integral part of the form, if they were optional I would put them in formLoad()
Spooky how similar they are! Thanks for the warning - the first place I'll try it is VC++6, which is not known for its standards compliance. I'll be watching carefully.
http:sphinx.pocoo.org generates documentation in a cool, easy-to-work with way.
Summary of what? All uses of annotations?
Which database are you talking about?
A typeglob is the way to do this.  I would put it in a BEGIN block, though.  (Actually, I think the problem is braindead, and would never compile things conditionally like this.  But with that aside...)
Just added AutoIt3.exe as a response to your comment
Your question says 5 minutes. If it's 15 I'll edit the code
I downloaded the JPedal demo jar, but (1) the xml it exported did not have bounding box info; and (2) when I did plain text extraction it did not return the searchableinvisi- text (I assume it tried to do OCR?)
Because Emacs Lisp does not do tail call optimization.  What s more your sum-list recursion is not in tail position.
Joacim is inccorrect. The comma in the format string is replaced with the appropriate digit grouping symbol. I have just set my PC to Spanish regional settings and ?format(123456789, ,0) gives the following: 123.456.789
MARS can be really useful, but here I don't think it is needed
Just looking for interesting discussions. I'll pick the best described answer in the end
I believe he's asking if 'mydecorator' can inject local variables into the body of the function it's decorating.
not really, it seems like your hardware should be ok and all the other items I would have tried seem to have been ticked off by other commenters. At this point I would probably try reinstalling visual studio - maybe something is messed up with the install
Hmm..I stand corrected on the forums (which is what I was referring to when I said community - I knew about the bakery). The performance benchmark is 9 months old, yes, but do you really expect it to be different? CI is faster than Cake because it's lean.
Checkout the Language Blog, not everyone agrees with this.
I upvoted you because you're right but picked the other answer as the chosen one because I like the idea of using the modular directory structure. I did actually try doing what you said and it turns out I was just getting my paths slightly mixed up!
But the identity encoding (i.e. no compression) is always allowed, unless you explicitly forbid it. So if the server returns Content-Encoding: identity, you still don't know whether it supports compression or not; it might just have chosen not to compress this particular response.
In Connell We trust.  I argue that you should develop your own site definition if you're doing any serious development
formatting cleaned up a bit
Now, are we talking about a hard-disk bootstrap or a BIOS?  For a HD, those are mostly (common) features of the sector writing utility.  For BIOS, setting the load address is a standard feature of any linker (check link ? for the BASE: option)
Much thanks. I know number two and three, but can't believe I'd never seen the first one - that simple, eh?
SO is a great example. Having visited lots of sites, mailing lists, etc. I have yet to find anything that parallels SO's innovative approach.
The Google example I'm familiar with ( http:code.google.comapisprotocolbuffersdocscpptutorial.html ) only has a using declaration on namespace std.
Ironically, I'm trying to get away from DatatablesDatasets and just use Business ObjectsDALUI layer in my ASP.NET app.
try reinstalling aspnet on your IIS machine. This is possible with ASPNET RegIIS(http:msdn.microsoft.comen-uslibraryk6h9cz8h(VS.80).aspx) I think there a some things lost.
sine i dont get any error, and cannot get ANY information on the net searching for GET.. i will not add it...
Yes, I enforce things on the data layer as well.  Thanks for the reminder.
+1 for the first reason. As for VS, it rocks for managed languages but not C++; I use it only for debugging now.
Hahahaha. I want to disagree with you so badly, but can't come up with examples. +1 ;-)
Heh. It's becoming apparent that my tendency to bash out quick & dirty exampleprototype code doesn't serve me well on SO. :-)
Are you seeing the illegal memory accesses on your function pointers or on other pointers?
Not all Macs even have firewire though, do they? I haven't looked in a while.
That was quite helpful dear but i had to make some changes to it with the command
No - the name of the VS process is devenv.exe (whether you start it from the command line or not), so devenv.exe is what will show up in Process Monitor.
I didn't think of using TERM. In any case, I know that it isn't always accurate. Both gnome-terminal and konsole set it to xterm (according to your link).
Not sure that you need to escape the  of foo...
I wish I could upvote Navneet's comment.  I think a lot of JavaScript issues come up because people use frameworks without understanding that they can't fix all cross-browser issues.
Steve Rowe: Suppose the leftmost incrmeent is evaluated first, yielding 1 as the first argument to the function, and setting i to 2. Then the rightmost increment is evaluated, yielding 2 as the second argument, and setting the final i to 3. Then foo gets called with (1,2), and i=3 afterwards.
When passing a struct via copy no further allocation is needed - the corresponding amount is reserved on the stack before the call. The copying still needs to happen, though, that's what makes passing structs more expensive, not the allocation.
okay, should i need to have all the routedcommand in mygrid or still in canvas control?
Here's the iterator constructor 
Interesting note about the latest SDK, thanks.
You should accept Dave Markle's answer, since he helpedlead you to the final solution to your question.
You could add a `break` if a match has been found.
configurator: Yes, they can be cached. Visual Studio does this, but I don't know the details. I think gcc doesn't do any caching by default, but it seems to be possible.
...This allows you to see which line the change occurred on.  If the change occurs on a line with a function call, you will need to re-run your program and step into that line to further isolate exactly where the change is occurring.
delegateApplyTransformation = new DelegateApplyTransformations(adapterTrans.ApplyFullMemoryTransformations);
That works, however, it also stacks all cells together, ignoring the padding. +1 for the trouble though
As a complete guess, as a marker for expressions with side-effect as in Haskell http:www.zvon.orgotherhaskellOutputsyntaxdoQexpressionsreference.html
Thanks I didn't know the last one. Btw the params is strictly for arrays, right? Not Lists, etc?
TheTXI: the answers are. the question its self is a legit question.
Thats why I suggested a text based game- one can learn a lot about the language features that way. If you search and attempt to do things the best or right way, it will be even more beneficial.
If you group by name, then you would have to have an aggregate function like min(email)
Christ knows, everybody here did - I guess the OP is downvoting things which aren't correct. I reckon the return value is probably not as anticipated, but we can't tell can we :)
This is a drive-by, but why doesn't .Intersect() work? http:msdn.microsoft.comen-uslibrarysystem.linq.queryable.intersect.aspx
he said he's doing it in sql
AFAIK, there is no assembly-level usage of TypeConverterAttribute; you can do per-type and per-property, and override either via TypeDescriptor - but no assembly level? Have I missed something?
Any comments?: regardless, there is this limitation. I'm not sure that I can find a good reason to chanllenge this limitation; there are other ways (jagged etc) of getting bit sets of data without needint a single contiguous block.
Awesome...I was close!!...Thanks!
If your sessionid is stored on the datatabase and your cookie is for the top of the domain (.yourdomain.com instead of www.yourdomain.com), all the servers can share the same session.
Paolo: they don't.
You can make immutable classes just as well as immutable structs.
That's the puzzle!
This is somewhat off topic, but I'm curious why it appears as though you have 3 different logins? If they were all added up you would have enough rep to comment by now! =)
Every where you see Session, use Client instead, if that's what you want.
This is the recommended way to use database connections. Open it, do whatever you need to do, and close  dispose it. The using clause will dispose of the connection automatically. The next time you need a connection the same connection will be returned from the connection pool.
+1... this sounds good. Need a few hours to play with this... I'll get back to you. Thanks
Kjetil: actually you're right, there have to be brackets
dirkgently: agreed :)
struct AImpl; struct A  private: AImpl pImpl; ;
Clear:both; helped (things were laid out correctly) but the enclosing ListSetContainer still wasn't the correct height (as tvanfossan predicted).  However, setting Width:100 took care of everything.
Thanks Matt. Its a bit of a workaround. Did you used it with WPF or Silverlight?
is this homework?
This was more intended to illustrate the value of indexing in real-world databases. And I still don't know what the criteria is for things to go in the community wiki.
To all who have pointed out that bots could get past... This I know as I pointed out in the answer. It's a very simple method to stop your average bot and bored users. I am currently using it on my blog and so far, it has been 100 successful.
Looks like a C++ newbie. These things happen. You can tone that down a bit :)
Is this reliable in all browsers? Haven't tested extensively. IE, Firefox, Opera and links acept it. And I don't see why another browser shouldn't. Even action= should be valid (is it really?). I would just put the ? in there to avoid hey, you missed filling in the url ;-)
Hope it leads to a solution for you!
Thank you; That is the path I chose.
Yes, you can make it faster, by eliminating the trigonometry.  Method calls are really, really cheap.
Your options seem to be in reverse order, as you should only start your own CA if manually adding isn't an option. (Otherwise it seems like using a 16 ton bulldozer to get groceries)
This is even nicer when factoring the ifelse into a Separator Class whose toString method prints empty string in the first call, and the separator on all subsequent calls.
That causes a usernamepassword prompt to pop up when I access the site. However, even if I then enter the correct credentials it doesn't work.
I have no idea, I did not voted your answer down.
Jerub: I agree with your answer but it doesn't answer the OP question. Imagine you can't use BeautifulSoup, html5lib, lxml and your html files are very simple then a trivial regex would suffice.
sganslandt, true. Moved to C-style code as well.
Ahh. I am trying with a slef created array, however the while loop is still not being entered, only the if loop.
f3lix - XML, not necessarily. I'm used to ANT so XML is fine but I'm open to suggestions
I completely rephrased the question, I think that's quite clear now :)
it means that the binary representation of (float)0 and that of (byte)0 are not the same (for one they don't have the same size.)
Thanks, I Was leaning toward that in my own research, even though I couldn't get a concrete answer.
This will double the amount of memory allocation in addition to iterating over your two arrays (once to copy, once to write).  Very inefficient both speed-wise and memory-wise.  Not recommended.
Hmm, maybe I misinterpreted req. nr 1?
Whoa!  That was fast.  And it works like a champ.  I tell ya, if I had your hands, I'd cut mine off!  Thanks!  :-)
I should have specified that the number is passed numerically as opposed to a string notation.  I edited the question to reflect this.
Haven't tried it, but you should get the entity name and id, see http:fisheye3.atlassian.combrowsenhibernatetrunknhibernatesrcNHibernateProxyIEntityNotFoundDelegate.cs?r=3007
Which begs the question, how does enableViewStateMac use the validationKey, but I'll save that one for Monday. Thanks.
I knew I wasn't the only person using this approach for the usual line of business app!  Maintainability and separation of concerns has been the biggest benefit since I started developing with this approach.
The .NET types are usually set to the correct reference vs value type for their most common uses. Wrapping one you just add another layer and make your code more confusing.
Yes, more layers are better.
problem :'UPGRADEISSUE: Constant vbUnicode was not upgraded. Click for more: 'ms-help:MS.VSCC.2003commonerredirredirect.htm?keyword=vbup2070'
Yes, those are the errors that you get when transactions conflict. With a different type or transaction you might reduce the number of conflicts, but you will most likely still have them as long as you are using the transactions.
Actually, we are care about that:)
PS Links to sample chanters look correct, but didn't work for me direct from this page - but they are available on that site at on this page: http:www.manning.combibeault
Macro names like that belong in Windows API ;)
It's the panel that's 522x522
Bill, absolutely right, and I've seen some of it.  It's still the best code-oriented crypto book I know of.
In the phrase introduced it, aaron's 'it' refers to the keyword 'private' not the concept of encapsulation.
Thanks you so much.
As far as I know, that doesn't work for multicast.
If you want to be able to select which telephone number to use, you could use a DropDownList
For a good example of a doubly-linked list (in Actionscript) go to www.polygonal.de
+1, its better to know what those threads were actually doing.
there is no need for that, with what Sergiu suggested all you need is to right click the website and choose Add Web Deployment Project (3rd from the list, right below Build Website and Publish Website, it creates a PreCompiled Project that in the Setup you just need to choose it. :) easier hein?
dbo.sysobjects will be removed in a future version.  For SQL 2005 and up use sys.objects instead.
it didn't prompt me though i used Model>Create diagram from catalog objects is that okay to use
Thanks for the reply Mike. However Milan got in there first! Cheers
I want my xml only as <message>, I am talking about omitting xmlns:xsi and xmlns:xsd namespaces.
I need to get it from C, not from a shell script or java
CMS: because a naked location.pathname does not answer the question.
True- Object.Finalize is a null op., but if you're implementing IDisposable, you're saying you have resources to free up.  From MSDN, that means you should always have a finalizer to free them, so they're handled correctly.  This means having Finalize call Dispose, and Dispose suppress finalization
I understand its impossible for it not to be exposed in C.  But somebody asking a question about stack vs heap should understand it is a compromise
Well, maybe I'm being dense here.. but the Clear method is on the SQL property, which is of type TWideStrings.  How can I override the TWideStrings.Clear method on a descendant of TADOQuery?  Perhaps that should have been my real question....
have you tried the plain old command line version as above?
Confirmed the issue appears to be X64 related
yeah, that's logical. it's acting as arguments to operator&&(a, b) . it's the implementation of it that says what happens.
There's some good points in there, but I'm not 100 sold. I like this concept:
Now Qt is free for commercial applications. Because since Qt4.5 is released under the terms of LGPL
How would you change managed variable's value using WinDbd+SOS? This is what OP might need to do.
No, ideally you want these to be methods of String
OK, great! I'm having problems compiling this (Visual Studio 2003). I'm getting: '.' : unexpected in macro formal parameter list and 'VAARGS': undeclared identifier - even if I include <stdarg.h> - any suggestions?
I guess you meant not a client-sidedev-side, but interpretedcompiled. Actually, almost all regexp libraries compile regular expressions into some intermediate form.
Yip i've tried that.  I've taken the matrix3D of the container, done a appendTranslation(-x, -y, -z) then did a appendRotation, then another appendTranslation(x, y, z).
George2 : there's an Advanced button in the 'Proxy Server' groupbox. The default proxy are in the http and in the Secure box
In my opinion this is not as tidy or maintainable as other code.  I actually would prefer to pre-prepare the command and loop 50 times just changing the parameter.  Or even better, use tvpParam.SqlDbType = SqlDbType.Structured as per CertifiedCrazy's answer.
Yes, it is a defined group of users on company workplaces, I will have a look at the tool.
That's much more concise than my attempt at explaining :)
Why do you say that using instanceof is bad form?
HTTP Client exhibits the same behavior I'm experiencing even with GET. Constant authentication requests.
I'm starting to think this is a Ruby version or environment issue. I downloaded the file (from the link in your comment on Martin's answer) and I get 20061 no matter how I do it - Filesize, reading lines, reading bytes, all 20061. I tried it on both linux and Windows.
Not sure, but could be a concurrency issue - the underlying thread is writing the serial port data in to the buffer, and if it happens, that it didn't finished a before you call `DiscardInBufer()`, you just lose the beginning, e.g. the 9 in 90.007
Alter the clientuser = UserName portion to reflect what actual condition you want added to your query.
I read about a study once, that said people ignore headlines and call out boxes in articles, more often than they ignore the regular text.   ??  Counter productive.
This will also reset every other settings I have what-so-ever...
+1 on protobuf.  far more compact than any text-based format, and an easy to use API for C++, Java and Python ensures interoperability.
What part(s) of it aren't you sure about?
Uhmm, no, that won't be possible I'm afraid. Most of them are just t, a, c, d, L, p ... and such.
I'll explore that option further and post back...
I ahve the correct content-type already, and its not working
Check here about how web2py returns dictionaries. http:mdp.cti.depaul.eduAlterEgodefaultshow106
Well the only explanation for this behavior I have is that the relative path  imagesfoo  in the stylesheet  cssbar  is (correctly) resolved to  cssimagesfoo . Using absolute paths instead would solve this problem.
The text file is not the issue here.  The text file is being handled fine, it's getting the resulting data from the database that is slow.
I am talking about changes in the project config files (pointing to a different branch etc ...)
Fixed the python.
I don't have access to Excel 2007.  I've set you a sample file for you to satisfy your curiosity.
The runtime for ListBox.FindSTring() is largely irrelevent - UI text boxes are designed to hold a small number of strings, thus linear search is acceptable.  Nearly any algorithm is fast for a small N.  If N is very large, you shouldn't be using ListBox as your datastore.
Show me the code.
IsWow64Process will not tell you if you are running a 32-bit or a 64bit application.  On 32-bit machines it will tell you FALSE when run, and on a 64-bit machine it will tell you TRUE for a 32-bit application.
The infrastructure team does go through change control and the people who 'need' to know, know of the changes.  I'm looking for a solution that will enable those who care to know a way to find out.
What's your method of keeping an always current list of valid file names?  manually updated hasharray of all possibilities that you check against?  if not brochure is in directoryHash?
Weird, I could swear I've used this before and it worked. Unfortunately, the best documentation I can find for it is the patch submission: http:nhjira.koah.netbrowseNH-1280.
We had the same issues here and in the end had to make changes to our database so that foreign keys only pointed to primary keys. Is there no way you can change your database schema?
Doesn't this assume that the stream is in some recognised image format, e.g. png, jpg, gif? If the IR camera is giving a 2D byte array, I suspect it's raw data - which is why I suggested my solution. I'm not saying this won't work, but it will depend on exactly what format the camera provides.
I see now, http:stackoverflow.comquestions275073why-does-c-multidimensional-arrays-not-implement-ienumerablet if anyone is curious why byte[,] won't work for JaredPar's answer.
And is there someway to provide some sort of conversion info for dealing with certain types. Eg that the std::basicstring<unsigned short> is encoded in utf-16 throughout my lib, so it needs to ensure string going in and out are correctly encoded.
Would placing `this->setGeometry(parent->rect())` in the MotionWidget constructor remove the need for another layout? What if you call `n->show()` after creating it?
Wauw, how could I work without that...
Not exactly sure, it's interesting that it's in the header and not in the docs though, as Apple has left other stuff out of the header in other classes when they did not want it used...
Your code works! Thank you.
It SHOULD be a non-issue. Unfortunately, almost all of the nets in my neighborhood are open now. The same is true of most neighborhoods I have been through.
I would provide more information.  Structure the question better.
true about the generic eventhandler.
Right, but what I am saying is that your not really encrypting it unless you have to manually enter a password every time your application is run.
You should go change your gmail password....
I liked this approach, but I went with using inspect.findsource and chose MizardX's answer
this worked for one project, but not for all projects
Thanks for the help! My form looks much better now =D
Sid, Are you limited to pure C or can C++ be used?
I see... But I think the speedup of this optimization is neglectable, ~(...) is a very fast operation. Also: are you sure the operands are evaluated from left to right? I don't think this is guaranteed. Better stick to the second version, there is still time for improvements once everything works.
It might be too late or someone else s schema, but IP address stored as strings are hard to work with. Four TINYINT columns are much easier to work with. Here is a good article with the more details: http:sqlserver2000.databases.aspfaq.comhow-should-i-store-an-ip-address-in-sql-server.html
Yeah the command pattern was my first guess for what this was. I think command sort of uses something similar to this internally with the Execute method.
You can detour the unmanaged API.  But yeah, you'll have to do some deeper digging.  Though if you know the structure of the data, you may be able to use the sentinel value solution.
Well, exceptions aren't relevant in all cases, sometimes things can go wrong without throwing an error, for example if you get an unexpected number of values, or if some of the values are not what was expected. You could always put a throw() on the end if you want an exception =]
What if you replace 10 with PRIVATE?
You should probably add the tags html and css since that is what this question is really about.
Tomalak The ultimate 1 Xslt 2.0 processor is Saxon(9.x). Its Basic version(not SA - schema aware) is Open Source and I have used Saxon for more than 5 years. The fastest and most optimized. The developer is Dr. Michael Kay himself -- the editor of the W3 XSLT TG. Simply and undisputably the best.
+1 simplicity. build something that solves the immediate need and move on. refactor later if necessary.
psuedo code of my console main.cpp, then inside the doStuffIn function planned on do various socketdbexplore other qt things, where the results I could build QT guis and launch results from
I like this idea. Quite simple, elegant, and most important - transparent to the upper (or inner, depends on your architecture) layers.
Thanks, I'm not sure why I didn't clue in to that.  I guess I was in the mindset that it was some kind of nosetest flag itself.
And that's exactly what happens - other than a bunch of compile errors, and the slicing thing I pointed out (which is still in the Process class definition) it works just fine.
Are you sure that the extradescriptor cannot include a )? If it can the problem becomes much harder...
this fixes that issue but now I run into problems with my program trying to access a disposed Socket :(
Thanks, that did the trick
Hah, I just posted the same... nice :)
You're right about the website compiling each page into it's own assembly. If you register controls in the web.config, it should be fine. However, maybe the controls have to be defined in a separate assembly for it to work. At work, we use telerik's controls in a website project and it works fine.
Anthony: Would you say C IS a 5th genation programming language?
SDX200: What was that again? C is your favorite language?
You architecture still makes very little sense to me.  Please edit the original article to clarify who is I in I send the credentials, what is the password 'secrets' doing there and why it is so indispensable, etc.
found how to backup using vista's built in functionality.  You can backup to a network share using a CMD prompt function
I've implemented this solution, so I hope you don't mind, but I'm going to accept my own answer here.
This seems like it's going to work.  One question, I'm grabbing results from an order detail table which is related to the product table, so in order to get to the Description, I have to do orderSummary.Product.Description = Tax.  Am I able to do that?  It's not working when I add it like that.
and don't forget to link with the right library ... -lrt here
Obviously your answer is related to e-commerce websites, for most other websites you usually ask the user to verify or confirm their accounts by sending them a message at their email addresses with a link to activate their account, bottom line an email address is needed anyway
then change the url by removing the first  :)
Until PowerShell is available 100 - C is really overkill.
The solution offered there was acknowledged to be incredibly slow, although it does answer the second half of my question.
There's no crossover between what you're inserting (a = 2) and what you're selecting (a = 1) but even if there were I don't believe it works that way, meaning your inserts aren't picked up by your select.
I seconded this comment, air traffic control systems beat the tar out of game systems in complexity and impressiveness any day of the week (unless your only bar for impressive is graphics).
I've tried this with timers.  They work great at lower framerates, but the latency is too bad when you're trying for 60fps if you're trying to use dispatch timers, etc. and have to do any significant processing.
This is it. Thanks!
oops, you're right - I like yours better :)
Thanks for that answer.
Hrm.  Has an issue with 'games' being a virtual attribute through a join table.  (see edited question)
+1 Couldn't have said it better myself!
Thanks for your additional questions.  I edited my question to include the following:  Yes, the process we are trying to start from the webservice was created by a fellow team member [cue: your eyes roll... now]
Looks like readonly is the same general idea as final in Java.  So if you make a field that is not readonly you can change it - which means the object is not immutable.
Although, I agree with your response, I was looking for specifically how the convertNumber tag behaved.  After testing it, I know that it is rounding.  The fact that it is getting passed invalid data is another issue altogether.
Hi Karim, thank you for that reply. :)
well, my idea works it's just that it breaks it at the same time. +1 for this idea though.
Showing up on hover is exactly why I picked  title  for that example   it's a reasonable behaviour for the link to do when you hover it, and puts the text where search engines can see it. Obviously  title  wouldn't be a blanket solution for all types of value-passing-to-scripts.
I think using && may be more useful than the doif.  That reduces readability, though...
I'd be careful aboput denying this kind of access. You can deny access to user databases in SQL 2005 and above, but the effects of denying any access to master could be dangerous
Complaining always helps. It gives a warm feeling of hate.
when the user cancels the zooming operation then....
The default-looking `redirectoutput` is remarkably uninformative.  I'd suggest that it's a bad idea.  Use the first form and simplify your life a lot.
One only wishes the javascript error said 'tried to redefine 'container'' or something helpful! Still, your help is most appreciated, I spent many hours (mainly setting up parallels) to try and track this down. Cheers!
You paint a bleek picture, it's certainly not as easy as swing ;) Maybe looking at another system call might be a better place to start to see how Lisp does it, then move into something more graphical (if the desire is still there) afterwards. Thanks for the advice.
looks like trial version
add to ... something out there that can., and I always want to read the value from memory not CPU register or a cache.
yes , i just read about you are right jordan
Deleted my answer because this one very accurately answers it.  Good explanation, Kent.
Well that does change things a bit - I think where you might have some trouble is with mouse-gestures and folks with multi-button mice.  Remember that folks may have many different ways to open a link in a new tab.  Good luck :)
valid question, but I am not sure that this warrants the java  c tags...
Noticed this as well, I end up cut and pasting it back to the top ;).
http:stackoverflow.comquestions536596
Depends what you want: I've seen a lot of people get very confused when formatting disguises the actual value in a cell (which is what my solution does, in effect). I actually marked up Alison's solution as ihmo it's more useful in more situations that simply changing the format.
If you can settle on a consistent case for names the transformation in my answer would become a lot simpler. Also I am a bit unsure if your input XML really has quotes. Can you confirm that as well?
Downvote?  Seriously?  WTF?
Don't forget too that you are testing for svg as a global feature by specifying http:www.w3.orgTRSVG11feature before the  hash.
Take a look at the J2EE world where you would create a separate class for encapsulating the operations you would be performing on the data-only object. In this case, maybe User and UserHandler.
Synchronization shouldn't be a major issue as long as it doesn't matter what point in the worker function the variables are read from, (if it's just progress percentage i wouldn't worry about it much) if this is an issue a simple lock will probably work fine.
Use more markup for styling purposes?  Wow.  This is a horrible idea.
I originally downvoted you because of what David said, but it does look like you do actually answer Justin's question. I still think David's answer is the better one, but yours is a possibility.
yeah I modified it too much myself (didn't know there's a wiki switchover).  Thanks for the edits -- alas, better SE practice leads to worse readability. I like the earlier version better for instructional purposes, but folks can find it on the blog anyway, so keeping your edits for comparison.
i already have form submit validation method :D
Sounds to me like Annan wants to show users something in a text box but not allow them to copy it for their own records... If they really want it, its not too hard to open textedit [notepad, vi, etc] and copy it down.
Oded - that is often still possible. Of course, it is hard to say for sure without a concrete example...
defaults read -g AppleLocale works on 10.3 and later
...or when you pass the array to a function with a pointer.
While there are oodles of libraries to do this sort of thing, htmlunit has always been my favorite also, maybe combined with a different parser like tagsoup (html) or xom (xml).
I already answered to this in http:stackoverflow.comquestions662373remove-a-class-select-option-is-not-selected662443, for radios as well inside the pseudo-accepted answer.
Then buy this: http:www.amazon.comOpenGL-SuperBible-Comprehensive-Tutorial-Referencedp0321498828ref=cmcrprproducttop
SOAPElement sub;
This becomes ridiculous very, very quickly though... Say you've got three utility functions: for each one you should be testing at least three cases (zero case, one case, many case).  All of a sudden you need nine methods, each of which would no doubt duplicate code.
I had the same trouble with tlibImp with Delphi 7, the COM object needs to be register so that the generation will work.
I saved it (originally a JPG) through Photoshop - so is this IE misbehaving? or doing it correctly
Oh and also - going from the FASTFORWARD cursor method to this - the cursor method took about 17 minutes to do the INSERT part (as mentioned i have a DELETE part too, which pretty much is just - instead of + in above query) - this one: ~30 seconds.
Except you generally don't know which thread your async operation is going to be called on. If you can pass around the ID of the initiating thread instead, you might as well just pass the whole context instead, and save on the middleman.
Fully modular, you can select what you need here : http:jqueryui.comdownload . 27k for jquery.ui.core and draggable, not that big in my opinion... Just give it a try and then decide if you want to keep it or try to solve this flickering issue ;)
Samuel: Sora. I really should say REST-like. We trap exceptions on the server and convert 500s, 404s, etc into JSON error data and force a 200 response. Not understanding HTTP responses is flex's only major REST weakenss: http:blogs.adobe.comkiwi200607makinghttpcallsinactionscr.html
Have you checked contents of progress? (if it still follows the pattern)?
This is likely the big piece I was missing, and it seems valuable.  Thanks.
Like others have noted, you should think about throwing the exception instead of setting an ErrorString though. If you want an exception with your own message, you should throw a new exception, with the original exception as inner exception. throw new ArgumentException(My message, e);
guess your GetFifth method should return T? =) anyways, good point as well.
There are no plans to allow the unload of an assembly from an app domain (I wouldn't expect them to either, it is very hard to do and those that care will use a safer and cleaner workaround). The best you can do is lightweight code gen which Khoth mentioned
Well, IIRC it's public domain.  What are the weaknesses?  They may be something fixable, and then you could re-release it PD, FLOSS, or whatever.
Catching and rethrowing is not the same as not catching - it triggers the execution of finally blocks.
I could probably do that to make it work, but it's a hassle, because these are controls from assemblies within that solution. I didn't have to do this before. It automatically populated all the controls discovered within the solution's projects.
I disagree.  We aren't all writing search engines.  That is a bad example.  Plus, a company like Google has the luxury of having the entire hardware and software stack customized and optimized.
This has also been my experience. Unless the company is paying for my way, I avoid boot camps.
Can you provide some code. or reproduce the issue in a small code sample that you can append to the question so that I can try to reproduce the issue locally?
Is this likely to appear in the CSS standards though?
I agree with the vacuum. The original tutorials of TDD where you'll write the test without ANY code - and get a compile error - is crazy.
This is all true, but I don't see the relevance to the question.  Perhaps the OP already knows the simplest-code-first mantra, but he wants to glean some general knowledge about computer architecture from the code perspective.
I agree about the call-site not being self-documenting.  However, realize that functions which modify reference parameters should almost always have an appropriate name.  For example, Point.GetCoords(int &x, int &y); and, mypoint.GetCoords(x, y);
I agree with this, every tool I've ever had to convince somebody to use, I've done by just using it myself. Eventually they see the benefits if there really are any.
We have a winner!
Just depends on how paranoid we are, I guess. The people that make the security policy tend to be slightly more paranoid than others :)
AspNetCompatibilityRequirements is a necessary evil if many developers are going to make the switch from their ASMX services which are currently working just fine.
Unfortunately, this will not pop up the email in the user's default email client like MAPI will.
I just updated my response with some example code.
I tend to implement manual solutions like this, they work fine, but you should always assume any native function will be faster and maybe become more optimized in the future, meanwhile your foreach will always stay the same speed.
the OP may also want to investigate the '' command, which jumps to the opening or closing braceparenbracket that is paired with whatever is under the cursor.
Ah, if it's being sent out in an EMail, then of course you need a full path.  I thought maybe this was part of Servlet -- something that started a background task.
Yeah, I agree.  I was thinking he might not really care about constraining it so strictly though.  For blog engines, I think extensibility is usually more important than being really strict in the DB.
Is there going to be much harm simply coding it to run on 4 cores? The overhead on a single core system won't be that bad in my experience.
sure thing, thanks. Variable number of arguments can be marshalled same way?
Maybe you could outsource?
SQLLite is currently the top voted answer...
thanks for the drive-by downvotes with no comment - cowards! :-P
Are you using passive mode?
Could you handle DragOverDragEnterDragLeave events to set a private field to truefalse?
Thanks for the update of your answer, I was digging online for where I should put this doctest: +ELLIPSIS thingy (I thought that using nose makes it different from unitest) ;)
and also, the property will not be re-evaluated when editor becomes dirty (only when activeEditor is changed).
Yes, James gives us most of the answers.  There is another simple option for classes that are just property bags:  Object =   Select Prop1,Prop2,Prop3
There's not much skewing, but re-organizing the ifs removed a compare on average.
Chris Lutz : Like I said, my C is very rusty :-D
for the first script you wrote, it always give me this error:Conversion failed when converting the varchar value 'L000' to data type int.
What native backup tools would you use when using a Jet back end, as in this present question? You did read it before answering, right?
Thank you. The examples on WatiN page are working fine for me but for the real-live scenarios I would like something more. We could use the Page Object pattern but putting it here would make the sample code unreadable. Thanks again
+1 - It's a good question, and one that is not that obvious (DPI settings).  I have been stumped in the past as have others. Gotta love how fast answers can show up here :)
Ah, do you work for Google?
I've discovered that it must be related to the firstMeasure.isInVisible area because I've tried it without the measureBuffer1 bit. I've updated the question
Correct up to the WHERE clause, where you only concat test to columns already starting with test.
Is there any way to do this other than logging into every single machine?
But with CustomerRepository - it that a class, or the abstract interface? Well, in Visual Studio at least, just hover over it. Isn't this the case where coding tools can help us better then redundant conventions? Wasn't the Hungarian notation, too, killed by the Visual-Studio-hover?
(The constructor also couldn't make any other method calls which might refer to that variable, for the same reason.)
This being said i am still intrested on the security im still interested in the security impacts of this
Quite interesting question really. +1
As a general rule, you should prefer 'Value' objects (i.e. Color, Money) to primitive types (i.e. string, decimal).
please see my post below for the final 1.0 version
To concatenate array elements into a string, just use Array.join('').
But if I use eclipse, I do not need a main method to run my test. How do I access them without setting them in system properties?
P.S. I will offer a bounty of 100 reputation to anyone who can guess the next key in the sequence.
I think google trends is on leave. All trend links are returning error (as of 12:37am est)
Agreed! I really like that, especially with the GhostDoc extension to get me started. But is there any way to change the icons of the intellisense? I hope not... but I worry :)
I believe you forgot about equal.
I use the SingleLine RegexOption
From the question: pointer than cannot be changed, and ... the thing it points to to not be changed either.  He declared the return type correctly based on his intentions.
I couldn't agree more with Richard E. Comments are meant to tell your future  (coworkers, reviewers, yourself) why did you chose to do things that wicked way instead of another. I'm not for littering comments all over the place, but sometimes they should be mandatory.
I understand that, what I want is not to specify a Path, so that any column that will hold a number and gets this style, can be painted Red if the number is negative. Is there any way I can get the Path specified in another Binding?
I think that the Sql Server Management Studio has an limit of output column length, maybe you can configure this.
Thanks, this will get me started.  cheers
I don't think you need cat filename   in the second example.  Doesn't grep also work like grep expression filename?
i think workmad3's idea of changing the ActionMailer::Base.smtpsettings hash is on the right track, I just can't figure out how to get rails to reload that hash's values with my dynamically set :username key.
Hmm, It would be cleaner to leave only one of these macros defined at a time- then the order could take care of the else branches like in klew's solution.
I guess I need to clarify my question.  How do I implement the function at the top of the page in the programming language of your choice?  That's were I am stuck.
The GPL is viral.
Excellent, it solved your problem. Get rid of those closing tags.
S.Lott I have already mentioned that I believe that there are better editors for Python. What are you trying to prove? I was gathering information for more than just myself.
at this point, not off the top of my head - I haven't touched Java since 1.4.2, but there were definitely some issues with attempting to use 1.2-era calls in 1.4.2
S.Lott I'm not sure why you have to be so snarky and insulting. Do you also go around to questions about ruby and answer use python?
I already use a framework (Zend Framework) and i want to use php components who doesn't exists in ZF like payment, encryption, math...
Thanks for the fast response, Environment.OSVersion indeed returns which OS I am running.
Thank you sysrqb, nice.  Where might one have learned this ?
not to mention the wonders that could be done by changing the default binding for the filetype.  Get a grip: this was to show in a simple example how open and start would be used.  details of Popen.subprocess would just be in the way.
This should not be the answer
What browser are they using?  Most browsers always send basic http auth credentials.  The answer probably depends on the browser.
now you have all of them in one function ..
That's it... Expression Blend had collapsed it into the infrequently used properties and I didn't expand them all!  I knew it was something simple!
P.S. While I don't think we were hiding hundreds of elements per second we did have a very real performance problem on a page in the past, and switching to class-based showinghiding did make a significant difference on it (which is why we started using it in the first place).
I read your question more carefully and edited my answer.
I've been using the windows service method--but seems to be a lot of programmatic overhead without a lot of gain.  Installation of new versions is a little more complicated as well.
the code i used:
I think we need to see more of your code ... several of us are interpreting it differently and it seems like the question was edited in a way that changed it. Can you increase the scope of your code sample to include the signature of the class and method you're working inside of?
IMO he didn't know that the records could be reversed through SQL, but I agree, you could be right
Exceptions already are completely polymorphic -- they're all subclasses of Exception.  What are you trying to do?  Different message is fairly trivial with a top-level exception handler.  Why are you changing the class?
Just noticed that I hadn't answered your first question.
no because the intruder lives downstairs and has a habit of going upstairs while Im in work and looking at my stuff. The aim here is to teach them a lesson by terrifying them with loud noise or some other annoying thing, or at least to tell me in work whats happening
Thanks, the 4 direction shadow has the roughness as well. I think it need either the glow effect or an anti aliasing correction.
My point is that you need to bring up reasons for sticking with the MS stack, and those reasons aren't necessarily going to be strictly technical. The technical differences between the platforms are minute enough that other things are more important in this decision.
Will you please clarify - you upload the binary or upload the source and compile?
I have looked in Reflector. In the OI case (p1), the instance is assigned to a temporary var during init, before being placed into p1. So, yes, you are correct that using OIs does delay assignment until init is complete. It does not appear to protect in the multi-threaded environment though.
Can you recommend an alternative, more appropriate creational pattern?
Be sure to have an index on that column
Avoiding Jet is not the answer -- using Jet properly is the answer.
I'm not good at regex. could you please explain that expression?
This is actually what I ended up doing. filling up scan-line at a time and drawing the scan lines. this method is about 10 times faster. absolutely amazing.
Great, never knew about that very useful screen! Thanks.
Thats is what i thought initially, but the problem with that is you need to execute the same select statement multiple times which will be a performance impact
a non-iterative formula using straight math is possible; see below...
More precisely, my hash function has the minimum number of collisions possible, since it just uses a cached copy of the calculation, x + y  parent.Width;
Definitely use the getattr() function instead of the getattribute method.
Ok so what if it was Eval(Something).ToString(000000); or ((int)(Eval(Something)) == 1) ? Yes : No; etc...  That is what I mean about the line when do you move it from aspx to codebehind...
In which case 1800 Information's name is still right. Efficient lazy filters are efficient!
This has nothing whatsoever to do with bash AFAIK.  Moreover, perhaps you should mention at least what HA solution you're referring to; most of them manage all this transparently and there should be no need for you to try and figure out:  it will be provided.
Quote: buff: buffer to write to must be >= sz+1 chars. - sz is the size of the buffer, excluding the terminating null.
doing Access right as you suggest is beyond the capabilities of your average Joe Coder: you got that one right: db servers such as SQL Server are more suitable than ACEJet for the casual user because they are maintained :)
Marked as closing as dupe. I know there's one somewhere...
The worker process is very long running so putting messages on the queue will not work most of the time (I'm doing this anyway just in case)
But if the drive has either been told not to, or (more commonly) is a battery-backed RAID controller, this guarantee should be able to be provided in principle.
I've updated the question with the relevant PHP.
And POE can be used with AnyEvent, its just that POE is horrible in terms of memory usage and performance.
The problem with Debug.Assert is that unless you explicitly include the DEBUG symbol in your release build, your code will behave differently in development vs in production - not good. Production is the time you want to really make sure you don't keep going with bad data :)
This structure is possible?
What's wrong with a for loop that prints based on the length of your message?
The solution is working well but what about the inclusion of tkinter in the exe?
everything I try errors out and says the collection is read only. This is what I am trying, Request.Form.Clear();
No, that would not be ambiguous.  You would have to refer to the instance variable by using 'this' in that scope.
Could you please re-tag to include asp.net and tinymce?
OOPS means object oriented programming system.
:)
edit the question to reflect this information.
Thanks for the idea, but coding the data into JPEG2000 takes about full five seconds. This is not an option as it takes way too much time and processor load.
Ok, but let's generalize the question: how would you do it in a non-WCF environment?
a very small prism
My bad, thanks for relieving me of my ignorance!
I just want to add a separating line between each information entered by user in the textbox.
I think between us we've got a design here. Windows Service listening on the port and writing to it with a WCF service watching the MSMQ.
casperOne: You can call GC.Collect() between runs of course. It won't be quite the same, but pretty close.
can't be translated to mysql
Thank you for that update. I will evaluate and test it :)
The first method prints just 'T', so you are wrong.
+1 indeed. Doesn't everybody do it like this? You can show as many forms as you like in this way.
It won't - Google requires delivery on 465 or 587.  See http:mail.google.comsupportbinanswer.py?hl=en&answer=13287.
zsharp the lambda inside of Where() is a closure. the variable s for that iteration must be kept otherwise it'll be different by the time Where lambda is executed. See closures.
The major advantage of linked lists is that insert in the middle is very cheap   O(1). In an array, its O(n).
Because we use s in a lambda, it is actually treated (by the compiler) as a field on a compiler-generated class (for complex reasons). The problem is that the nature of foreach means that otherwise you'd only get one of them, and you'd have n times Where([last filter]).
Ok. Firebug shows too errors upon onclick firing: correct is not defined
Once you have C why on earth would you want J2ME?
See http:stackoverflow.comquestions644964, OP checked, and they do get called.
Yes, I take the same approach.  I have a EnableSsl key in my web.config file which I can turn off and on depending on what environment I am in.  I also have a pipe-delimited SecurePages key that I can easily addremove sites to.
The code doesn't compile. (w is not a valid escape sequence.) Paste the code that you are actually using instead...
RET, thank you for the detailed feedback. This is difficult for us to ascertain - the cost of staying w Informix (for us that includes licensing plus db training) versus the cost of going to Oracle (we already have license and db admin expertise). So we definitely have some evaluating ahead of us.
Try learning C from C++.
lol, i like the punishment part
I couldn't find makecert.exe anywhere on my development machine so I had to use an Open Source certificate generator. It looks to be working though!
I have no control over Website B, for example, imagine Website B is stackoverflow and I have a link to stackoverflow.  If someone clicked a link on my site to get to stackoverflow, could I get their information.
I don't really know what sort of detail you're looking for.  What I posted is all that's pertinent to the question.
What codes do you use for your booleans?  T, True, t, true, 1?  Lots of choices -- which specific values are you looking to translate to boolean TrueFalse?
This is a good answer. Cloneable is actually an interface. However, mmyers has a point, in that the clone() method is a protected method declared in the Object class. You would have to override this method in your Dog class, and do the manual copying of fields yourself.
I'm just happy it got open sourced. I love this editor.
no need to list() it! for item in itertools.chain(a): do somethign with item
From what I understand, this would not be suitable as it requires to editingcreating schemas. I cannot change the schema because it is a protocol that is used and updated by others on a yearly basis. I am only creating an internal tool, so maintenance must be kept to a minimum.
I think your reasons are wrong. Do you think community around Webforms is any less powerful?
And .NET 3.5 for the Action delegate type ;-p
Tell me what the types are.
+1 I'm seeing even better. Using StringBuilder to concatenate a bunch of string constants in VB.NET instead of concatenating them with &. The latter emits just one big string constant in MSIL, the former creates a pretty heavy object and calls its methods. For every single query.
That works for getting the last post of the messages table but how do i combine that wioth my original query?
I suppose it still is very useful for testing against whatever implementation I end up using.
That Ruby example doesn't do what you think. That would make it so you'd do Integer.times five The number is one less than five + 1 and it would return 6. 22, however, would still be 4. You want class Fixnum; def (n); 5; end; end .
I tend to put the break after the closing brace. Dunno realy why, maybe as a no matter what you do, don't forget to break reminder (to myself).
Why do you even want to do this? Unlike Windows, the operating system takes care of preventing multiple instances of an application from running in the common case. In the uncommon case, why prevent it?
Good thought, but almost certainly not; even if the JUT inlined it.
Marc, what would you tell about IEnumerable<T> for repository methods?
I don't see how this first function is not working. You are not calling it :)
Windows,  C++.  Sorry!
Alright now supposing you want to add U for a username... congratulations you have just made me visit code like dst++ = ''; and I will curse you until the end of days.
I'm sorry its not working... not the beforenevigate and nevigatecomplete, i tried the beforenevigate2 and  nevigatecomplete2 and its not working neither
FWIW, `mozDrawText` is deprecated in favor of `fillText`. See http:developer.mozilla.orgenDrawingtextusingacanvasmozDrawText.28.29
MarkusQ is right.  Did you really mean detect, that is, detect a memory overwrite after it occurs?
what exactly is the rationale behind padding-bottom: 32767px;margin-bottom: -32767px ?
If you need the upper bound, I suggest to take a look to the implementation of the map, to see how a map node object is implemented and to consider the size of the members of the map node as extra to the size of the key and element. Be aware that this approach is platform and compiler specific.
trying one more thing described in that article.
Perhaps a NullObject would be better than null.
OK. Create a view that contains the code column and map it as a read-only property in your object by mapping the view instead of the table.
But how does it make it possible? What is the secret sauce that other editors lack?
this works, just wish i had it with the other module - i think its one thats innate to informix, but not sure.
Thanks though, +1 for trying
Hi, thanks for the reply. An iframe would indeed work, but yeah as you said, they are old fashioned, and would me to restructure the design.
A student number uniquely identifies you - you don't need to know anything else. The row in the database won't say you're Johnny because your favourite colour is Red - it'll tell you you're Johnny because your student ID is 314156. So your name is dependent on the ID, and only the ID.
try it for some non anon login. IIRC the same thing happens on Linux, so whoever wrote ftp thought getting a pw from a filepipe was a bad thing (social engineering and all) and made it not work.
thanks - i dont think i would ever have thought of that.  Hopefully this is similar to what is happening in my real project.
Doesn't handle '?' (need to convert to .).
How odd. I get the same problem. I'm trying to remember if I've done any work where I had a table that supported both dragging from and to.
I'm betting that the performance difference between line-by-line for small files, and applying the regex all at once is going to be minimal enough that it won't have a noticeable impact.
Michael - thanks for your input - yes I realize it would be slow - but short of instrumenting the source code or generated object code I don't see how to implement it in any other way. 
If you had the option to bind to a type other than string, then you could override the ToString() method on that type to do what you wanted. If you can wrap your string in such a type, that would work.
That's pretty sad, isn't it? Such are the dangers of posting with a stinking cold. Fixed, thanks for noticing.
Point taken, but in a weakly typed language you'd probably just get erroneous results the other way, without knowing it.  Which do you prefer accidental correctness or intermittent, undetectable errors?  Another reason to do TDD, I guess.
I didn't use one of expensive C++ books. I just undertsood that this behavior is not rbuf() specified and start looked in standard for this overloading operator<<.
Thanks! I was more concerned with web server - client trips rather than database trips.
please don't ask (mostly) unrelated questions together
done with same results, thanks!
Probably change to community wiki
ah, but you did mention them in your tags...
sigh  That's right.  Doh!  Is there any way to cede reputation points to someone else?  I'll do so if you'd rather designate someone else the accepted answer.
Not helpful, I think. set-buffer-file-coding-system seems to change the actual contents of the edited file.
Good thought, but that assumes the login script and the wordpress install are on the same domain -- otherwise there's no way to set the cookie.
Note that this only works if the user has Javascript enabled. I had NoScript blocking usps.com so this left the form blank for me.
Wow... I didn't even know that was possible. Guess I got a lot to learn ;)
Older Unix systems often didn't have a home directory, so the home directories were under something like usrusers.  Using ~ works for them, too.
Just going through a tutorial now and typing it verbatim lol.
That makes sense. Did you have to do that on your first site?
Wouldn't displaying the url be just as useful to see if I am sending it clientside or not?
danbruc: actually I didn't understand how it would crash?
Doesn't meet the criteria: abs(abs(n)) != -n
No but you can use a temp table
Rephrased title - I was sorely tempted to answer yes to the original one, which was technically the correct answer :)
I like the third way if it works
stupid comment! if you could do that then it wouldn't very secure...i guess i'll have to manually set the all :(
I didnt get u jon??Where had u rewritten my question.
onedaywhen: it was a typo! Thanks!
Would that be a Slavik language? I'm learning Czech right now and the lack of articles drives me nuts.
If okay is false, the value is undefined.  Could be None. Could be 42.  I kinda like None.
namespace::clean looks very interesting.  Thanks for the pointer!
I think I should point out that Java and C are different languages. C has properties, Java does not.
I just followed the directions here:
+1 on the autobuffer<> suggestion.  It is basically doing what malloca does instead of alloca on windows.  There is a check to make sure you won't blow your stack limit, and it will do heap allocations if necessary instead of stack allocations.  This works in C, though, too.
Thanks:) no I am not using MVC. We are using ASP.net forms. I currently am using a GridView (asp.net control) and I am interested in experimenting with more client-side dev to make user experience better.
Bright idea, I liked it too :) +1
Bob
PDF internally is not secure - with some internal scripting in the PDF document, it can display different content on different computers.
Your best bet is to make both applications aware of the shared settings and provide them to the classes rather than have the classes get those settings from the user settings.
Tom Hawtin: Indeed, as part of 6.10, the answer says about references: How exactly the virtual machine implements references at the level of machine code is VM-dependent and completely hidden from the programmer in any case. Most VMs including Sun's use handles, not pointers.
Wow, I share the same first 5 words with Jon's answer, I must be improving :)
It sounds like it could be a memory issue; maybe you're overwriting the vtable.  Are you sure that result is big enough?  Are you overrunning the end of it?
Thanks for the tips! I accepted the other answer as to the fact it seems exactly what I was envisioning but these all give me some insight as well.
Well, a column called 'name' in the 'companies' table would be fairly self explanatory...
([0-9]+) if you want to support numbers with more than one digit
It seems I need to study up on my & and  symbols :)
I don't think this deserves to be downvoted as it's only a rookie mistake.
LOL sorry but a little bit ive been searching this on and off but nothing and  i think yall can do it
I am well familiar with the nature of middle names in Russian (my own being Grigoryavich) but I didn't know it was known as patronymic... how can I grade your answer even MORE highly?!
lothar: do you know how I'd check your theory? Btw, show handle says cntl-c breaking is on.
I love getting a big fat zero for an accepted, correct question :)
Paolo, what kind of school teaches PHP and uses hidden fields to store data? I'd recommend anyone drop that class in a heartbeat.
Maybe the best way is to use simplejson.dumps and afterwards the safe filter?
As apphacker said. Your code is unreadable, please use meaningfull variable names instead of just naming them a random letter.
But they end having relationships with other entities.
thank you for the side note :)
And string concatenation is a DBMS-dependent, so check your DBMS docs.
+1 hopefully you have enough rep to comment on things now :)
Also, valid on what sense? foo.com.kg is valid in the sense that it's a domain that might exist (in Krygystan), foo.com.ap isn't. There's no ap country code. But they're both valid in the sense that they are something.com.(two chars).
Multi-processing.
To measure defect fix rates, you would measure the  of fixes made over a week, month, or quarter. To measure regression rates, track whether newly-reported defects were caused by attempts to fix earlier defects. These are very crude measures, but it's better than not having any measures at all.
It's more of a re-use of existing recent active connections.  Say the count goes to zero...how long would you think the pool should keep the connection(s) open to the database?  At zero, I believe it starts doing cleanup and eventually ends all connections.  I haven't tested the exact time frame.
Make sure to answer the questions raised about being able to get into port 5022 also.
I don't see a problem with using the user-agent string. Most users won't mess with it, and if they do, they know that it may result in strange behavior.
Almost. Using ToList() in both subqueries still generated a roundtrip for every record in the main query result. The solution was using First() instead. I should hav mentioned that only one record should match.
Ricket: the handling of event is entirely appropriate for cross-browser JS.
Are pre-C89 compilers still common? I think it's pretty safe to depend on sizet, excepting work on legacy systems.
Maybe not for storage but for the presentation I don't see why it's not a good solution. In PHP for example, calling htmlentities() would fix this issue and add another layer of safety.
planning for the possibility has often been an excuse for wasting time on an attractive nuisance like this. Change the algorithm to be a pipeline and you suddenly don't need any of this.
At least get one right, please!
I disagree... 'this' should be the submit button, so 'this.form' should be the form (assuming the button is inside the form), which should hold all the inputs.
memcpy is a bad idea in general. If base is not a POD the code can break horribly. Prefer the more idiomatic: Derived( const Base& b ): Base(b) 
My question was more about, what are those operators, and not so much as what are the alternatives to using the operators.
I'm referening to your edited post: that resolve one copy but I Have to problems with it, one is that when the str is retrieved from the os there is a copy and the second one is that will require me to change many places in the code , I still may consider your solution though, +1 for your efforts :)
Added some extra information..
Yes, I think you can copy text to the clipboard, but you need to use the OS's paste facility to retrieve it.
An old bug. It's fixed if you're using the latest version appraently, as you can see my example shows.
dirkgently, Thanks for the excellent reference. I can upvote only once:).
Thanks JP.  The link you provided offers a wealth of information.  I'm still open to other suggestions, including any well thought of books on the subject.  Best, -Steve
Yeah, I guess it's just easier to deploy if you use a single language :)
easyeurope: For the time being, you can chain commands with the & operator in cmd.exe, like this: copy (TargetPath) .... & echo dummy > dummy.txt. Maybe this helps.
Yes. That's correct. I recommend an XML format that makes the type of exception manifest. I made the root element unique, per exception. That helped.
libcurl was tried first, resulting in crashes, unaware of a C++ version of it. Yes, it has the same style as the first code we had, doing it in 6 lines.
I want a global setting, so that I don't have to add the same path for every Xcode project.
you could encapsulate this in a stored procedure that returned an unused id. That way you're not having repeatedly hammer the database when testing ID's
I've learn something...: )
yes it has problem finding the files.
How about with static linking?
Good thought, but no, that has been tried and didn't affect anything.
The macro is just a function like any other, that do things on the IDE. so yes, you can add browse functionality.
You are correct. I the referenced blog article got me sideways by claiming it did offer destructors.
flipdoubt but the read of the ACL is as likely to hang.  Both require reading from the share.  You should always design for a FS operation (especially remote) with the assumption it will hang.  Typically a background thread is your best friend here.  What type of sample code are you looknig for?
C was an early attempt to replace assembly language in OSs.  D&R were going for the ability to program practically on the silicon.  That's why pointers, and not another abstraction.  They wanted a clear way to do exactly what they'd do in assembler.
I am not using any CSS. Like I said, I am using the same input to PDF::FromHTML from the script and from the web application.
Edited post to include suggestion of wrapping into a custom queue class with an event system in place, though - it's a good idea if the queue isn't normally full.
There's an installer merge module on the download page, you'll need to package it into a little MSI to install it on the client.
You can still keep the total precision double can offer you. It's just eight bytes, after all.
That's not the reason. The reference isn't thrown away, it's considered inactive, and that has nothing at all to do with optimization. It's the other way around; the variable can be optimized away from that point as it's inactive.
Why are you using Strings  the filename instead of File objects?
Hmm that's odd - it works fine on my machine (vista 64bit business) - I'll try it on an xp machine too.
There are reasons that in my case I need to do this from the database layer, unfortunately as obviously it would be a lot more straightforward to do using .NET code as per those links.
Agreed; if the other worked as well, then it's more readable.
May I misunderstood something but which steps are missing in WinForms?
+1 for the good resource.  Unfortunately doesn't look like they have 6.0.2900..
I'd like to enforce it for everything except for Test Methods though.  If I remove the naming style, it will disable it for all methods, right?
I updated my answer. So is performance efficiency more important than space efficiency? You say efficient way to handle sparse matrices and then in your use cases talk about multiple ways of accessing the data.
Trevor: Essentially this is only a feature of some shared library formats. It doesn't affect binaries, object files or static libraries. And yes, hidden symbols will not be visible outside the shared library. Another way to do the same is with symbol versioning.
For us, only builds from the 'build machine' are tested, or used in production, so the developers don't have must be 'all clean' type issues, and the build server does that. Also means no one developer is needed to make a full build.
Hmm... and what is the real difference between this and original ways? :)
Yes, Hibernate does this. But using (object.getClass() == B.class) ? ((B)object) is RTTI. You shouldn't have to do this, and doing it is indicative that your classes are poorly designed.
We developed the application using ASP.NET framework and C language.
Yea mean a program that can decode step 2. ???
A classic case of thinking too complex. A generic list is assignable to IList, so I just need to figure out if it's a list or a dictionary. Thanks.
... so, in the interface that describes the 'contract' that your View must support, you should create a method which is called.. this part I don't understand. Where do I need to do this?
OKay, and because i am putting this in my base class, it affects al my actions within the controller?
I tried this previously - should have mentioned - the information here is of the formation MSIE 6.0, so this is still limited.
I just checked with netstat on both machines, and there are indeed a ton of TIMEDWAIT on the client side but no TIMEDWAIT on the server side. Is this the bahaviour you are describing?
Is there any tips to get this working? when I place this script in, I don't see anything in the OutputWindow and no files is logged...
-1: cf. The following would overflow for large 'n', and I can understand why
Have you tried drawing the puck (in drawRect) manually rather than using an image? I agree with Mr Bird - the timer period seems key - and any other code you feel able to post.
That's not going to get you the headers so that you can actually write ATL code, right?
The prefix for design-time packages is dcl in the VCL and for most of the 3rd party libraries I know.
I didn't know that. still it looks very brittle and error prone to me.
serialization is the way to go :) makes the solution really simple. And trust me, heshe is not going to get flagged as plagiarist for using serialization. That's the sort of stuff they'd expect him to know already at this level (if heshe's doing Java networking)
Most sites I've seen which use tags use freeform tags - just type in whatever tag you want.  Cases such as you describe where adminseditors build a list of all tags and users select tags from that list are, in my experience, very much the exception.
Hi Gabriel, 
+1 because I've battled with the same!
Oh right, fair enough. In that case, you may want to specify the legallicensing requirement in your question...
I get a down vote for posting a link? Or for posting one to SQL Server Central? Anyway the article in question gives a couple ways of doing this similar to answers already given. Yes, you do have to register but its free and the site is worth it.
You may very well be right on the second part.  I regret that I know very little about SPROCs and will have to learn myself before I can consider that solution, though.
yes i tried the datatable.reset() method but it removes all columns and foreign key constraints.
Are you referring to a cluster of servers, or a clustered index? The below two answers describe a cluster of servers.
Oh, I agree, and back when I wrote assembler (a long time ago) I used macro libraries I'd written. And I did actually write half of a C compiler in Z80 assembler (not to solve a particular problem though) before I came to my senses, re-wrote it in C and cross compiled it. It still din't work, but it was much less work :-)
Indexing a two-value field can (occasionally) be useful when the distribution is extremely uneven - and the database knows it through statistics.
Likely and oversight on our part.  I'll work with the documentation folks to get something like this added to MSDN.
i so dense... :(
also you can write this so much easier with XPath, you don't have to use LINQ2XML
and this will retrospectively add values to existing rows, if so this is what I need to do, thanks?
Yes that's what I do. Generally I don't bother with a multiple installer or something like that. To me it's convenient getting rid of all physical requirements such a DVD. But if you want you can drop a simple batch file to kick off all required installers.
I've added example
Oops, hit close too quickly. Looks like it's not the same as normal.
that's great! that gave me some good practical examples, and referenced simple GUI development exactly as needed. thanks
Better if the screen matches the print: wysiwyg.
You can have face to face meetings over a video conference. Face to Face makes a lot of sense, particularly with business deals. But with technical meetings, the modern tech reduces that need greatly.
Where do I collect the frame count? and how?
Change your field from text to varchar and give it an appropriate length
It is a great book, but hardly at the file IO level.
And, seriously, if the NSA wants your data, they'll take you into a dark room and threaten to separate you from your manhood, so to speak. You'd be surprised how quickly they can crack your encryption with that method :-)
Thanks, I actually used SGEN to generate serialization assemblies in Release mode, but it was slower anyway. It is even slower when I create a serializer first and then benchmark only the serialization itself.
Using J zip which internally uses PInvoke. thanks.
That doesn't actually let you view the XML does it?
I believe so, but I'm not 100 sure.
So if I have a method with a Point parameter, and I send in an instance of class Body, I will be able to access the x and y variables from Point of that instance? And if I had the input parameter be of type Body instead of Point, I would only be able to access the x and y variables from Body?
Can we read pdf files with LibHaru or we can only create?
Using LWP::Simple to download this page (as I do below in my perl example) showed that you found a's that didn't have href's (but had names), so we just want to check that there is an href before printing it.
lol  linking 'sweet spot'
You'd still get a null back from the call to Max if the contact didn't ever create any notes.
I've equaled scode[4] to '0'. Thanks. matchstr is already null terminated.
Note Gerrie's answer though about assemblies in the GAC - but these should be framework ones.
didn't work either :(
I knew about buffer overflows, but didn't know they were also known as a form of invasion. Thanks for the explanation
too bad, I have no experience with panasonic.
Chad: MySQL BIT columns are distinctly different from SQLServer BIT columns; a SQLServer BIT field stores just one value, and the BIT fields are combined together when stored if there are more than one.  A MySQL BIT field is a bitmask with 1 to 64 bits (based on the declaration).
When using IE7 and no doctype specified, IE assumes it has to use an IE6 compatible renderer.
And I use (document).ready to initalize a lot of stuff already that I've written
thanks...I didn't know that ControlPaint class was avalible
+1. Put it in VMWare Player (or another but VMWare would be my choice) and then you can pick it up and move it from machine to machine at will. And backup's as simple as just saving the whole VM directory.
Lucas Aardvark; rossfabricant: Very very true.
No I jus wanted to explain it in detail so pasted the code
David: why then do you favour incremening over random?
Happens to everyone. Do not be too strict in carrying out point 2. from your answer :)
yes, I am using TFS2005
Your method using linq however seems it would do what I want, so I'll give it a try. But I'll have to manually update the ItemsToGenerate using Linq if I understand (its not a binding). The reason I'd prefer this to be as simple as possible is that I have a lot of places where I will have this pattern: Choosing which targets to compile, which languages to use, which worlds to generate, which missions to run, etc. I want to minimize the data format, but show all available options in the UI.
Or simply: tablecomment()[1]
Because use, then erase only leaves the data in memory for, let's say, a fraction of a second -- as opposed to maybe until the application exits, maybe longer (see answer above about the OS not zeroing memory). Malware would have to get much less lucky to find your data if it's in memory for a long time.
If it was one square, I'd have guessed that Notepad didn't have access to the font, but the fact that it displays two squares is a bad sign. It is interesting that the characters are preserved through cutpaste.
I specifed my question!
Let's say you have 3 data sources (A, B, & C). Configure a session factory for each one, setting the connection pool for each to have a min of 0 connections (making it lazily initialized). Then, have your application choose a session factory from this set based on whether or not it wants A, B, or C. Use the session factory to get a session, which has a connection in it obtained from the connection pool. If this is not what you're getting at, can you clarify better by what you mean by choosy?
I'd say you need to provide more details - nudge the people who read your question by giving them ideas. As such your question is way too broad and too many things come to mind.
Hmm, good point, I've just tested that, and you're right. That's news to me, I shall update my answer shortly.
Did you load those plugins into the main AppDomain once you found the dlls you were looking for? Or did they always stay in the second AppDomain?
Maintainance... Go for those frameworks backed by a specification....
downvote reversed, but with reservations.  It would be worth explaining the assumptions made.
Why can't you include prototype as part of your Javascript?
I don't have experience with Django, but I have heard very good things about it, so I'd do some research before you pick a framework, to see which communities have made plugins or have good setups for photos.
Cyberherbalist:  The easiest way to escape HTMLXML content in an answer is by surrounding it with ` characters.  Then you don't have to do < (and so on).
Thank you for your answer!
what type of error are you running into?
Malcolm, You can't debug javascript in Visual Studio. Use Firebug like I mentioned in my answer. Visual Studio is for debugging server side code.
Adam, I tried to un under another account and have also taken the program to my Win2003-server - same mis-behaviour everywhere :((
I think Megacan meant, if the threads only set values in the list, as in list[i] = value, AND it's always different indexes for different threads AND there's no other changes going on, it should be thread-safe without locks. Should doesn't mean it actually is though - I don't know the internals of List<> well enough to say that it's thread-safe. I think in that case though, an array should be used - and an array is thread safe in this context.
In reading up on this I find that this limit applies to all methods (including constructors) as well as static initializers. Interesting!
Given that my short but complete program above works fine, it sounds like you're doing something strange - please post a short but complete program which shows this odd behaviour.
Actually, this would work with any image-based environment that provides some sort of REPL, e.g. some Common Lisp implementation.  You just need to write some functions that wrap the common system calls.
Usually it means you either have an infinite loop somewhere, or you are waiting for network IO on the main thread. There's also the possibility that the user is force-quitting the application.
Is sb.Append(, ).Append(lastItem) cheaper than sb.AppendFormat(, 0, lastItem) ?
Searching foar few terms in this reply I found a pretty decent tutorial http:www.brainbell.comtutorialsphpTOCoop.html
BTW, your code section is much easier to read if place all of your code using the code tag
Where did you put the command?
No, don't do that. If you need to match anything including line separators, use the DOTALL (a.k.a. s or SingleLine) modifier.  Not only does the (.n) hack make the regex less efficient, it's not even correct. At the very least, it should match r (carriage return) as well as n (linefeed).  There are other line separator characters, too, albeit rarely used.  But if you use the DOTALL flag, you don't have to worry about them.
Note on the POST names. Don't rely on them and the regular input image name. Since they can differ in IE and Firefox.
I just figured it out. WHen I just looked at the way the array was set up I could clearly see it. Thanks buddy!
If you can identify the file marker sequences for the different versions, this technique could be used for multiple formats, since a lot of binary file formats start with upto 8 bytes that identify the format in this way.
Sorry but this sample puts all the validation on the controller what is a bad idea. I think the best to do is Thin Controller, Fat Model. The controller should work only as a workflow manager between the views and the other layers [Model, service, etc...]
it's worth pointing out that although yes, single quotes are faster, the difference is minuscule and shouldn't be overstated.
Binary data is an array of bytes
Just be sure you don't overwrite the data when replacing as well (e.g. binary data and strings in the source).
Very nice.  It probably took longer to write that comment than to fix the damn thing!
hmm, so what's the difference between marshalling and serializing?
I updated my post. Hopefully that helps.
It's not clear to me what the problem is - specifying the type argument (as per the subject) or looping over the fields of the object (in which case use request.GetType() and Type.GetFiles).
But professor, someone at stackoverflow told me to do something else!!
Or another Tortoise clone:
Mikko - it doesn't say that in the question...
I also appreciate your answer!
Looks like MetaBase.xml is that file that contains all the settings in my case.
Which version of IIS are you using?
I just fired up my old CTP build of VS2010, but it looks like the bits weren't ready when the last CTP went out. Tell you what, I'll try it and find out ;-p
rlbond - good point.
ck - No it shouldn't; this question is a non-subjective answerable question.
Pablo - The code in the example would perform 2 separate SQL queries. However, this does not have to be the case. You can take the results from the query and put it into a list by using ToList(), then get the Count() from that. So that you end up with only one call to the database.
Yes, clearly offering up the possibility of hiring someone to do work that's generally better suited to human- versus machine-processing is worthy of disdain :roll:
Sorry about all my rambling but one other thing ;). I did load up the Microsoft.SharePoint.dll in reflector and did a member and a string search for the value ListTemplateOwner and guess what, no hits. I am starting to wonder if this thing is even getting parsed. If you do a search for ListTemplateId you get a hit on the SPEventElement, as you would expect. Anyhow, I'll probably look into downloading any new Service Packs that I can and see if it changes the results. Thanks,
Why not use DATEADD and DATEDIFF?
I think they implicitly mean the (C++) ternary operator. What other ternary operators exist in C++?
Jorge, I think he's saying that if there are only two values, you could process half the database with the first serial id, then change the class to process the second half?
Diodeus: That's what I mean though - shouldn't pasting it into a textfield just paste the text in, formatted in whatever font is being used by the browser to render it (Arial in this case)?
Hey Pax, I've found what the problem was. Explanation here: http:stackoverflow.comquestions795861makearray-function-in-sizzle-jquery-1-3795922795922
Maybe the wind is blowing. :) Sorry, this question made me laugh.
-1: there is already an accepted answer, this seems to be polluting the answer...
No, you can have many-to-one relationships, but I am not familiar with the syntax you have used here. According to the link I provided above: To define a many-to-one relationship, use ForeignKey()
True.  Also, if you want to throw a exception object using a constructor other than single-arg String, you just construct it manually and use Throw.
Thanks! I wish console was bit more feature-full, but I definitely need to have a look at MySQL Administrator then.
This looks very promising. I'll take a look.
Actually, this is untrue. I just found out Excel just does not display an error for the value 0. But the value is displayed as left-aligned, indicating that it is treated as a string.
For anyone who's interested, I ended up rolling my own code for doing this: http:www.djangosnippets.orgsnippets1431
thanks a lot man for replying, i think web methods is great but what about Post back ?
Michal: In HQL there is an index() function to access the list index. See http:knol.google.comkfabio-maulonhibernate-chapter-121nr4enxv3dpeq15 I don't know if it exists for criteria. If you really can't find it out, make the dictionary a list.
well no it is not a homework...it's part of the project that I am working on...thank you for your comments
Agreed with Stefan, based on your question it sounds like you're trying to use reflection where another solution would be more appropriate.  Could you elaborate?
Is this your experience with code compiled in debug mode or production mode.  There is a HUGE difference in the cost between the two modes.  In production mode the cost is very small.
This should be Math.round(), not Math.floor().
oh also, beware, if the text is selectable, using the glow filter will add a stroke to the selection as well.
Okay. Now I understand Henk's answer.
thanks I'll give this a shot. If I add other subdomains I need to add them to the rewreitecond?
Yse but what if i need to ount the amount of collected cabinets ?
Thanks for the suggestion, hadn't seen that.
Unfortunately, I have no answers, but I've seen this exact same thing happpening in Firefox on .NET sites.  Always curious to know if there is an explanation for this.
Though you are welcome to your opinion, I maintain that using bit fields to store state can be clean, concise and in some cases optimal.  If it's the syntax that makes you uncomfortable then package the operations in problem specific convenience methods and avoid exposing the underlying implementation to your caller.  
Which Cobolplatform are you using?
thanks for the reply; i agree, especially with the questionable usefulness of artificial tests; anyway, the toolkit i am using at the moment is somewhat capable to go a step into what one might call usage patterns;
oh and I should add the reason for overloading and adding generics is so that you're not just restricted to the interface when calling this class from anywhere other than the shared function.
 Mikko, the person who asked the question neglected to say that he was using a standard web browser client, so I am stating the ability to go to base85 as a matter of completeness.
(selection).height('auto') seems to work in addition to the (selection).css('height', 'auto') in my example above.
Agreed I tried this later, using a hack I have to kill .svn folders. So, copied folder out, deleted .svn folders, and tried again ... just get conflicts.
This question was inspired by the Google Chrome browser, which uses some curious Vista technology to improve security. The principle of least privilege applies here; nobody is a user, but has little to no file write permissions.
Correct me if I'm wrong: basically resx only (or within Visual Studio) you will not be able to handle this kind of thing... What you need is a so called localization tool which will --somehow-- keep track of edits made on that resx and eventually will let translator know that a particular translation has been modified since last touch?
I see no points on optimization of the database itself, are there different kinds? which ones are the typical forms of storagedesign optimization?
I added an example, i think you'll need to collect the output and sum it manually. Another suggestion to make all the runs in one script and do 'time' for it.
DevExpress is better on winforms and Telerik is better on ASP.Net suite controls. I have used both the control suites and can surely say that from my experience.
Mehrdad - Good point about different compiler implementations, I didn't think of that.  It may be worth moving some or all of your explanation into your answer as it is an interesting topic.
Mercurial is out of the question... f I'm going to be moving away from SVN (which, like I said, it's the only thing I've used) it's going to be to Git, not any other.
this looks related :b http:webservices20.blogspot.com200810interoperability-gotcha-visual-studio.html
That fixed it. Thank you.
Also, since the author states .NET as the host platform: http:luaforge.netprojectsluainterface is a CLua binding. (Can't vouch for the quality, it seems current and active though.)
Oops. Yes, postEvent() looks like the right answer.
Thanks for your answers!  It pretty much confirmed what I was already thinking...the ORM's are not designed for speed, but for ease of use...like dumbing down programming lanuagues and hoping for better programmers because of it. :)
Please dont mind the people telling you to adopt certain style, its best to define your own, and to usually follow the practice(s) of the languages, tools, IDEs and frameworks that you use.
I've got a crossdomain.xml, I just added this line taken from your code <allow-http-request-headers-from domain= headers=> everything else is the same. still no luck :(
Ideally, I would like to avoid captchas as I juste hate them.
Good question. Surprisingly, no, not always; negative bids have special meaning in the mechanism we're using.  Though if you have something that works nicely under that constraint I'm interested to see it.
I realize I made a mistake in my post... I meant to say ntohl, not htonl... ::sigh:: sorry for the confusion. But I think it was clear from the context what I was looking for. I'll update the post now.
You're right - the Done marker is probably the best way to go to avoid race issues.  I'll update the code.
I don't know either, I've been downvoted all day for legitimate answers.
+1 I agree this is a nice, simple text editor which does exactly what it says on the tin and is free.
I posted an issue on Microsoft Connect: https:connect.microsoft.comVisualStudiofeedbackViewFeedback.aspx?FeedbackID=437072. I do not see any other explanation than that it's a bug.
I also tried it and CASE doesn't work this way. My suggestion to use the CASE statement to solve this problem (see my answer) is therefore wrong.
Be much grateful even if a resident genius could put in a code snippet right here into an answer!!
I beleive that is the Abstract Factory pattern
I posted more of the stack trace up top. But... Um. I can assure you I didn't make a custom implementation of writeObject ^^;; For serious, I have only three classes for this thing.
I think we're missing the same thing, hence my question. :)
Neil: Kylix 2.0 was quoted as 2999 to us as an enterprise edition. This was a government shop, so the VAR was likely trying to rip us off. Maybe chalk that up to Kylix's failure as well? :)
Craig:  sure, that's why I asked if there was a particular reason for this, rather than just stating this was the way to do it.  svn+ssh is the easy way in this situation if it will work, but it won't work on every network.
The content-type in the html code is writen like this:
On the other hand, with some modification he could use some of the stuff in the article to do it.
Thats easier said than done when one is stuck in a continuous loop.
Inversion of control - http:en.wikipedia.orgwikiInversionofcontrol
plused your post
NSNumber myNumber = [NSNumber numberWithInt:5];
thanks a lot! I fixed it with the first rule.
The question starts with IEnumerable <T> ListOFNumbers. Given that and just that, try to use Aggregate to do a sum. You can't, because operators (+ etc) aren't supported for C generics. At all.
Thanks, worked great!
Thanks, that helped a lot. It seems that GUI programming, even in Shoes, requires a different way of thinking about things. I'll be back with more questions soon I'm sure!
I do not have eSATA on my machine only USB 2.0. Do you think something like this would be worth it - http:www.newegg.comProductProduct.aspx?Item=N82E16820411002 Might upgrade my machine in the next year. Would the USB 2.0 defeat the whole purpose of the SSD?
This schema will be part of an system which already uses W3C schema and includes support for this standard. So yes, I'm afraid it does have to be W3C.
Oh shit, sorry, I work in both Qt and PyQt and used the wrong syntax. Yes, definitely did not mean the quotes lol...
Thanks, man - perfect answer!
And this will work regardless of whether you are hitting the database from your application, or from somewhere else.
aleemb - could you include more of what your Serialize method is doing? It would make things a bit clearer ... for me at least :)
Yes, it is a real database. Visio does not understand the .accdb format.  I can convert it to a mdb - but sql express may be better option.
Why not on the build server? Seems strange to have your build use a different mechanism to the one your developers are using. Visual Studio solutions control the project dependencies and you must be manually maintaining this on your build server opening you up to the chance that your production build is different.
Yeah..... This I wanted.. thanks a Lot DDrace
actually i want to manage save option of dialog. i want to pop up my own dialog to save the files. Like when user click on save option my own dialog should appear that manage functionality.
You say that generating the neighbors leads performance issues, but you give no details on what neighborhood you try to explore. It's hard to help you optimize an algorithm that you don't give any details on.
Ok, so using attribute-based view rendering is probably not possible. I should go with If statements...
I don't know your layout, but do you want to consider using a named event? That might be easier than trying to duplicate the handle.
tvanfosson: I would prefer the data to be XML so the vendor can consume it with their systems. With MVC, would the vendor be able to call the service with parameters whose serach condition could contain <,>,=, !=, INBetween clauses? I would be happy if you could explain this or direct me to websites which you recommned would be good.
Brian, it's an opcode cache to speed up PHP execution.  I put a link to it in the question text if you'd like to know more.
Unfortunately, this is busybox netstat, so it doesn't support -p. But node 11085 only turns up in the netstat output once anyway, so it seems that it only belongs to the process I already know about.
A1 - As it turns out it doesn t prevent you from assigning same email address to two users in different DBs, but it does warn you about it(when focus is on email input field). I mistook that as not allowing it.
Accurate, yes, helpful, not even a little.
I duno, but this appears to be a valid solution. However, I'd advise you to strip the trailing == and also include a time stamp for less chance of a collision.
a.equals(b) is fine as long as you ensure that a is not null first.
jalf - `unsigned long` is still the largest integral type in ISO C++. Support for ULonglong isn't added until TR1 gets approval. That is what I was hinting at with the iswas thing BTW.
Keand64, try the sample again. Your original sample had a bad signature on the main method (too many `s) and I copied it without checking.
You need to provide more detail, and perhaps include some code showing what you've tried so far.
a stage is also considered as a displayobject, so you can draw the stage to the bitmapdata. use the matrix parameter of draw function to set the offset of the crop rectangle.
nope still not working, can i have the AS columns all with the same name. Im sure ive done this before but i cant find it!!!
as of 5 May hibernate.org seems to be back up and operational
It works, but the added STYLESCRIPT elements still do not get processed by IE7 although Opera9  FF3  Safari4 works just fine.
Hard to say. Since other parts of the system expect JPEG, I'd probably have to do some testing. But sounds like Bitmap will definitely be smaller, from what folks are saying.
When you say context of the Application what, precisely, are you referring to?  The current person?
haha, wish I knew. I cobbled mine together from a script I found on a Channel 9 forum thread I think, now I can't find it.
I just want to record that this was -I think- the first or second answer which went more into detail than most and contains a lot of relevant information regarding the subject. Thanks Mikko for writing all this!
Great explanation ...Thank you very much
Wow... I've been using Reflector for a while now and didn't know you could do that... awesome.
Ok, after screwing with the server a whole lot more i've learned a few things. The first thing i learned is that i hate postfix. The second thing is that, the server im using is actually sending backscatter. So i'd love to know how to get spamassassin to discard emails it identifies as spam rather than bouncing them. it would probably fix all my problems.
Please clarify whether you are using Lucent nmake or Microsoft NMAKE.  The page you linked to describes Lucent nmake, but you have tagged this question with visualstudio, which implies Microsoft NMAKE.
You can't cast from non-generic to generic. You have to use the OfType method mentioned in the second portion. You can only cast from generic to non-generic.
+1: I am sick of guys telling me that Java is by value for value types and reference for objects. It is ALWAYS by value. The example in the link above is also the example I use to prove them wrong. I have brought many a supposed Java guru to his knees with that and I am just that afore mentioned n00b myself.
I don't quite understand your question... Could you be a little more specific or provide an example ?
I definitely know about using virtual in this way. But please look at my example that I have given in the original question. I just want to ask that why is this allowed if there is no usage for it.
Thanks for the metrics update - appreciated. Are those timings satisfactory? For info, it is faster again on CF 3.5, as it can use Delegate.CreateDelegate to optimise property access.
bdonlan: My comment was actually directed at Matthew. Yours wasn't there when I posted. Yes, your analogy is appropriate :)
Andrew, log(value)  log(10) would return the number of digits (but you have to round up).
And as you can see , I've tried this , but it doesn't work (if zeroing HOUR alone causes different results based on the server time , what good will the rest do?)
I'd love to know what the downvote was for.
Marplesoft, take a look on data structure alignment, you find info about it here on SO or on WP. Basicly it is guaranteed that the first element of the structure has the same adress like the structure itself, i.e. pFirstMember = (int )&f, should work, of course only if it is really an int.
This would work. It's just that x,y,z is actually a big long list of all kinds of data types, so I was hoping there would be some way of overriding the default
Doesn't really support many databases in the sense of many different database engines. Certainly can be used to connect to multiple individual databases, but that's an uncommon restriction anyway...
ZendFramework has a very specific naming scheme to make it easier for the user to sub-class and override default zend helpers and classes thereof.
No, contentType defaults to applicationx-www-form-urlencoded (the encoding for a GETPOST query string).
Usually an abundance of Manager classes indicates an abuse of the Singleton pattern and not a properly object-oriented design.
I guess it removed files with project name, not all dlls.
And no, checking if it is installed wasn't patronizing. Very often it is the simple answer that is correct :)
Yes, it should be rather straightforward, but I just want to check before I write my own.
I'll be reading the document with a plain ol' .NET XmlReader.
Wow... you're 100 right on that. I seem to read certain sentences and then go off on tangents completely unrelated with what he's trying to do. Maybe this will help someone else, who knows
Well I went through and cast my close vote ;)
When you use position:absolute you take the div out of the document flow, so there is no difference between display:none and visibility:hidden as far as I can see.
what wrong in this answer?
I have installed netbeans and managed tomcat. Then I created an application which can create more than 14000 clients then i deploy the application then I ran the application.
Thanks for the suggestion - never considered a Primary Key might not have an Index associated with it - in this case they do but that could have been an issue I was unaware of!
Renato: depends how you parse the sentence. Could be either: the first 10 characters of (a line matching a particular pattern) or (the first 10 characters of a line) matching a particular pattern
What is the BindingList bound to?  I believe you need to set the BindingList.DataSource property.
Sorry to hear that Mike. That was my best guess.
i did add the sqlite.exe path to the environment variable.did some test on my drive d by using the windows cmd.exe and i can query that table fine.now i change the directory to where my project and the database created earlier is. sqlite3 iagency and .schema commands doesn't not produce any output. i've tried .scheman ?users? but nothing.Am i missing anything?
a) I have never installed personalization, but as far as I know what asp.netregsql does is run this scripts for you, son you can try... I think that running InstallPersonalization.sql and InstallProfile.sql manually will do what you want. And yes, those scripts apply to any SQL Server version greater than SQL 2K (.net version doesn't matter here, either).
I did not get a chance to make this approach work. I tried, but received a headless exception still. No doubt if this little app was written right, I could have used this flag.
Could you please post the full indexes on the three tables? That would be my best guess as to the problem, but I'd need to see them to be sure.
There's no way this is a real interview question.  Nobody in their right mind would ask this in an interview.
Is that C++? I don't have UsafeSharedNativeMethods  am I missing a reference? (hehehe I sound like vcs compiler) ;)
You're getting a TypeError because getattribute returns a reference to the attribute (in this case the lower function)... it doesn't call that function. This function is returning a DerviedClass instance, not the lower function, and since DerivedClass does not implement call, you can't call it.
Pros and cons would indeed be nice, however I could fill a whole book about it. Thats why I provide links to the websites so people who are interested could read about it themselves and draw their own conclusion.
no, it doesn't add anything, it's a wiretap that only displays what's sent through.  the only thing it modifies on the wiretap is latency or bandwidth limitations.
I got asked that by a guy who went on to another situation.  When I used a nearly textbook Gang of Four pattern appropriately, he said At least you know polymorphism.  I was then thanked for coming, and told they'd let me know.  I wasn't impressed.
And in keeping with Greg's statement, doing that sort of eliminates the simplicity of a single function call. This is much better encapsulated into a method once and reused.
Done - have tried to keep it as simple as possible though. Thanks!
Yeah we're running Enterprise edition
Nice!  that `` should be a ``, though (since it's very magic)
It's not a big concern because I'm taking other security measures too which should be pretty darn hard to get around as is. Plus, I'm not storing any confidential information on my website anyway... in fact, I'm not storing much more than a userid.
Got my fingers crossed.  I'll be interested to know what the problem was.
Make that jcollum's comment.
I have used this method to create fairly complicated documents. In fact, you can create bits and pieces of the PDF in various applications and combine their output using http:search.cpan.org~larslundPDF-Reuse-0.35
Can you get to it through ScienceDirect? http:dx.doi.org10.1016j.jda.2007.01.005  I can't find any freely-available copies.  Or you could always try emailing the author and asking for a copy.  If you're suitably polite, they might be happy to send you it.  Or, heck, you could see if your university library gets the journal.
I'm not exactly sure what you mean by int32Value but in order to use the ForEach extension method, you have to have an IList. You can call ToList() on an IEnumerable to get one if you'd like. And if you want, you can make the above code an extension method and call myInt.GetExponents().ToList().ForEach(...)
This code works with the example but wouldn't work with the vOrder sequence [3 0 1 2]. For i == 0 , 3 and 2 are swapped, then nothing is changed for subsequent i values.
sykora: It does not. It ignores the TAB completion, and undo the d in the command cd.
C=64's 6510 obviously. And the 6502 in the floppy drive.
Shouldn't that final slash be a period?
sorry didn't work but thanks for the ans ;)
Thanks for your response,
The key is indeed a Hash sent to us by the 3rd party. It is the same format as the string returned by the function so I thought it was correct to get it's bytes in this way pass them as the key.
You might want to post your function here. How else would people be able to tell what's wrong with it?
yes good answer, i was thinking of trying something like this. your answer has a few things i didn't think of though, so i'll try it and if it works I will accept this one. Unfortunately the bounty will expire before i get time to try this - but what I will do is reopen the bounty and accept the answer in that case (just to remind myself, it was 250 bounty).
The question title is misleading.  jQuery does support event handlers with modification.  But the example you give does not use event handlers, it just modifies the document.
stephbu - looks like the query is not timing out. it is the connection that is timing out. this solution works fine for now.
For storing trees into a database you might want to look into the Nested Set model.
> notorious for causing problems when code is called repeatedly or from multiple threads -- Funny, because the VB.Net implementation is considered to be thread-safe.
Do you mean isdigit(string[i])?  Otherwise you're only accepting strings representing numbers between 48 and 57.
Thanks for the input.  Yes, the original design was done with SQLite in mind, but nothing has been started yet, and if Core Data, for example, makes Table Views easier to implement, then it's early enough that we can switch it out.
Really? I guess the WPF-based editor in VS 2010 is not built on the RichTextBox control then :)
I have change it to bigint; and is the same result
Great: Then, a new problem is: How can you make your .vimrc to load up last?
I can't replicate this in pure Java. It always works there. I need to use Jython for this bit.
If the question is about declarative UI builders, then it's almost a duplicate of http:stackoverflow.comquestions761237suggestions-for-declarative-gui-programming-in-java . It's hard to tell right now, though.
The USB cupcakes are a nice touch.
Still about F and mono bugs, I remember a post on the Flying Frog Consultancy blog which proved that - as of version 2.2 of mono - tail recursion wasn't adequately supported yet and resulted in leaked memory (don't know how's the situation now as I don't do mono).
But I like the subroutine version.
Will this work with the new 3.0 sdk?
What the host OS?  This may be an implementation featurebug as the package specs assert that these are all thread-safe constructs.
Is PDCurses any more portable than ncurses?
This does not help at all. Did you try to isolate the issue? Also, what you've posted are warnings. Did you get a runtime error (SIGSEGV, pehaps)?
Yes, it's great. Unfortunately it kinda suffers from a  not invented here  syndrome, subclassing and extending the world. But it's a really good source of example code nevertheless. (Just please don't create reusable components that way. Self-contained Component.hComponent.m rules!)
Thanks to everyone who answered - I ended up getting pretty good results from plain 'ol Swing, but there were a lot of great suggestions that I will try for future projects.  Much appreciated.
IT would be useful to develop a new language, like George2++, or George2Script.
Right click the column in SSMS, and it will show the collation as one of it's properties.  99 of columns have the same collation as their database, in the general tab of database properties.
Very good, then.  I saw it in the reference for new in sound APIs in Windows Mobile 6.
so, if you replace suite->addTest(new SimpleTest()); with suite->addTestSuite('SimpleTest');, it still does not work?
To elaborate, if you had woman and lawman, you cant combine them even if you wanted to.  The only way combination works (as I understand the problem) is if a suffix of one word matches a prefix of another.
WYSIWYG or e.g. html?
That only explains callvirt for virtual methods. But GetType isn't virtual. It's an extern function implemented somewhere deep in the bowels of the CLR (probably returning a field that's stored in the object's vtable or something). It's the same method for every object.
selectrelated() is recommended if you plan to access ForeignKey fields in the resulting QuerySet. Only one call without args is necessary; selectquery() follows foreign keys as far as possible. So if you want to access the location field in the result, use selectrelated().
When they reject right away without comment it's probably one of two things. It crashed when the reviewer launched it (non-specific error or compatibility, so no letter), or the App uses private APIs.
You are welcome. I hope it wasn't homework :)
Are there any security issues with this method? If I'm sending several files (each file with a different symmetric key) to the same list of recipients (call them A, and B). Can person A look at what the symmetric key (source text) and the encrypted form for person B is and determine person B's key if enough messages are sent?
Thanks John thats a good suggestion - sometimes simple is best!
This doesn't look as if it replaces the letter before the period with the underscore.
That was my question exactly :). Did you have one project at root (server), and one project as sub? (serversub) ?
Just added some HTML to Site.master in all 3 applications - nothing changed;
ArnieZ: Try building a query such as Tags:a845497737704e8ab439dd410e7f1328 OR Tags:0a2d7192f75148cca89b6df58fcf2e54 OR Tags:204fce58c936434598f7bd7eccf11771
Can you either post the fixed result yourself or suggest what you did to fix the above to improve the example?
That seems very similar to plot's offerings and suffers the same issue of not being able to shade an area between two lines instead of under them... or have I missed an option?
However I would put a timeout in this. Say after two minutes of pinging you give up and raise an alert or throw an error. Could be dangerous to ping away for ever.
But the data file had carriage returns  :-(
I believe the compiler has to support this for the sake of supporting flags. So given the enum above, if you do MyEnum val = MyEnum.Val1  MyEnum.Val2 you would end up with a value that is outside of the already defined possible values. (in this case 3). Since you can do binary arithmetic on enums they can theoretically have many possible values.
How about all of those supported by the latest jQuery? From their site: IE 6.0+, FF 2+, Safari 3.0+, Opera 9.0+, Chrome
Hey i have vs 2008 pro thanks =)
It's not open-source (see first post edit) and even if it was, that would be too much work...
Yep ... Now, I'm not sure why someone downvoted me for this one... Odd.
darin, i tried to add but character restriction not allowing me to post, So i posted as seperate question and the link is here for your verfiction http:stackoverflow.comquestions839112problem-while-migrating-nhibernate-to-higher-version
nope.. I don't have SP1 installed.
Andomar: That's structuring for some people. Sort of :). I just wonder how can I edit it so it will be put on the tail of the list when sorting on response time...
Interesting... That might work... Although I would have to sort it first then, which could be done of course.
Don't feel too bad - others suggested that originally. My suggestions were: deprecate int, short, etc. and replace with int8, int16, etc. And also deprecate char and new type of glyph which would be a template class representing unicode characters.
Sounds like a good solution, provided the ID of a line can be extracted with reasonable effort - which is not clear from the question but a good assumption, imho.
Not to get too personal, but I noticed you live in Israel. How is it out there as far as living. Is it as bad as our Media portrays it? I want to go out there soon because I love the culture and the people.
By spreadsheet do you mean an Excel spreadsheet or do you have some sort of Java implementation?
(The example code could be simplified a little by making use of varags Arrays.asList(); http:stackoverflow.comquestions258954java-out-with-the-old-in-with-the-new635078635078)
The console can't be accessed using https:domain:4848 . Browser says that the connection was lost during transfer of data.
you could try escaping the '&' (i.e. '&')
We use Tomcat 5.5 behind Apache HTTP Server (acting as reverse proxy). Thanks for ideas, I'll check it out.
Stopwatch SW = new Stopwatch();
This was tagged as not-programming-related. It seems pretty programming related to me...
Yeah I could possibly do it in x68, but this project has to be done in Java ><, and I wouldn't really know how to delve into stack frame's in Java.
jcablib, was also what i found, but the source forge site talks only about extracting files.
Well, this fixes the thickbox issue but the accordion still won't play nice. It is permanently expanded.
You'll get it next time :p
It needs to be fully automatic, I don't want to periodically log in to each and every build slave to create the `.hghgrc` link.
yes i checked them all before, but they are all VERY basic. I look for a good indention output.
thanx  sir...now its running fine.
sir can  you please see the another problem that is 
The compilation was taking 2min, now it's 1min50sec .... not very convincing. But indeed, it's faster.
implement it, like i described.
What type of project are you creating, Java, Maven, Java Free-Form?  The answer would change depending upon the project type.
sounds sexy. however I cant can't change my file's location but I'll keep this in mind, under linux I could easily sunc my files dir with the public dir. Here is windows though, i'll look into it. Thanks for the help.
If I call ACtiverecord.Add then they get populated
My same VS 2005 code will not run in VS 2008 that you see in the question.
thanks, that is a good answer.  I missed the part about casting it to job.  Thanks.
yea im still on the fense about that, a person may have more than one wife or more than one child so i might want to return the indexes of all the mates or all the children right now im just doing the first one it finds
HTML components in tables gets very slow very quickly. You can cache the components, but that gets tricky in anything other than some special cases.
Except... you never want to reuse a one time pad (that would be the one time part). Given the encrypted numbers (A + K) and (B + K) I can take (A + K) - (B + K) and get (A - B). That doesn't look that scary because the values X0 - Xn still seem random, except for the fact that each digit it defines a line Ai - Bi = Xi which substantially reduces the search space and makes your encrypted numbers much more susceptible to attack particularly if I have more than one encrypted number or the numbers have any recognizable format.
static and strong typing are NOT the same thing
Tom, I have translated query into English and said `Whereas GDEPO:Entry depot, CDEPO:Exit depot,Adet: quantity,ECIKAN quantity that's used.` after screenshot for it.
Odd... I've just downloaded the latest Saxon jars and none of them seem to have the attribute that would cause this problem.  Nonetheless, I'm glad to see you've fixed the problem.
Stephan sorry for changing the accepted answer but after reading an answer to a different question given by SLott yesterday I understand  think Dan's answer is more on point.  I did learn a lot from your answer and I appreciate the time you tool.
I haven't heard of one. But, do you have only one DOS window open? I always have at least two - one for the server constantly, the other with a shell, and perhaps one there for syncdb-ing and the like.
Try this: RewriteCond REQUESTFILENAME !-f
<i>I would be very surprised if that were the case. Usually it creates an insert statement only from the properties you've defined.<i>
But why? Marc, I know you're way smarter than I am, but if you're gonna get these points, you need to tell me what the obvious race conditions are. :) I agree with you about the internal state, but what about the race conditions?
I would highly recommend Lucene for any search applications. It is powerful, customisable, has an active community and is in widespread use for projects of all sorts of sizes - bot commercial and non. Don't be put off the lack of documentation, so some digging and you will be rewarded. The project has been going almost 10 years now (I think) and gives any commercial offering more than a run for their money.
Since I am not replacing 'fcharset', I can't get the replace to 'skip' the first corrected one (See edit I made.).
Using absolutes is never a good idea ;-p (see what I did there...). Indeed, if you understand the implications, mutable structs are usable. The problem is that most people don't understand them, and it costs them lots of time and frustration wile they learn.
Please do not put code in a comment.  Please update the question.
SilentGhost: maybe your comment should be an Answer.
Thanks, I was worried that it would just continue to add the same label or throw an error because of the loop but I see that is not the case.
Website looks interesting :)
love you man. Good one.  Why people have voted down this one?
obj might be a null value...
Is there a way to require the cursor be over the element for more than 2 seconds or so?
Hello Nadia, yes that is my class.  Check out the tablesorter plugin for jQuery, it uses parsers within the class of a table header to determine whether or not a column should be sorted andor how it should sort that specific column, it's pretty nifty
Without profiling for the real bottlenecks first, the first two measures are worth nothing. And in 99 percent of programs would not make any difference. This, are also mostly performance optimizations, not refactorings as those described in the classic book by Fowler, Beck et al.
It's quite hard to explain. Basically, .html files are spat out to the client directly. You don't want that to happen with .aspx files, you want those to be executed and the result spat out to the client. It's not too different to a .txt file opening in notepad but a .xls being opened in Excel. I think the question you may be asking now though is how do you get a request to a .vato file actually become a request to a .aspx file. There are a number of options to do this. Look up URL rewriting, 404 redirects, etc.
Mike: I am still waiting for a really good profiler.  The PC-sampling ones, like gprof, are OK, but what's fielded deals badly with recursion and virtual method calls.  There are things to like about cost-center profiling and about valgrind, but overall this is an area where I would love to see better tools and better minimum standards.
Gromer - But, the point of the question that Max asked was if there was a way for the link to work as usual if the user doesn't have javascript enabled. Of course, href='' would work, but it wouldn't do anything (other than change the URL hash), and hence lead to a poor user experience.
LuckyLindy That is interesting.  So, you would get a letter at that zip code no matter what city it is addressed to?  How about your +4 digits?
Which I understand to be basically reated as parameterized views - i.e. the optimizer can collapse them and push them together as it would if they were written out inline.
So, why not use the XML APIs to process that text file?
I'm just about done reading the Petzold book Code which is a GREAT resource to lear the EE side of the picture. It starts out with the most simplistic of EE concepts that any 12 year old can grasp then builds them up to the 8088 processor!
Ha, that's been a recurring problem to me. I always get beaten to the questions that I can answer. :P I just got lucky for once! :D
If the calls don't work at runtime, then that can't be the (only) problem.
+1. Now this is great. I had no idea you could create a regular expression that easy from a DFA.
HTML4 has. HTML5 has rules (or at least, there are many people who want it to have) how to correct mistakes, i.e. no longer has strict syntactic and semantic rules. And the problem with HTML4 is that Browsers already correct mistakes, rendering the strict syntax a joke.
...because the inability to write a UNIQUE constraint to enforce a simple key should be considered a 'code smell', IMO. If you can't change the design (SQL DDL) because many other tables reference this table then I'll wager that your SQL DML also suffers as a result i.e. you have to remember to add ...AND Table.RecordStatus = 1' to most search conditions and join conditions involving this table and experiencing subtle bugs when it inevitably gets omitted on occasion.
A flat opinion like that won't get you anywhere. I love regex as much as anyone but there's a time and a place. The fact is, in this situation, a regex will be slower...
The UNION version ensures no duplicate records in the result set; the separate queries version does not.  Well, the 'id' column actually ensures that the records will all be distinct, but there could be repeated records with the same data in the other columns (but different id values).  This probably matters - use UNION.
adam please pay attention to ps. I just want to know if this is a bug in SubSonic (2.1) or I'm doing something wrong
Web.Config has an AppSettings section, I believe this is what you need to accomplish your task. Did you overlook this? You need to use the appSettings section to address your problem. Dont re-invent the wheel.
I didn't say that it was wrong, but it would certainly be more useful to see the full stack trace, typically.  Thanks for pointing that out.  I had neglected to put that in my comment.
Corrected, Originally I had left the last digit open for formatting to handle larger framespersecond... which in retrospect is unlikely.
Are there equivalents to memcpys and wmemcpys that are cross-platform compatible?
I would probably even stick the DISTINCT keyword into your third answer. ...NOT IN (SELECT DISTINCT UnitID FROM People). I like the third one as it's obviously shorter than the other two (no horizontal scrolling involved :))
Scons is very nice.
Yes, your right. What I'm looking for as the end result is to have a file i.e. s3download.php that I can pass the file to that needs to be downloaded. So for example the download would look like this
Want to make GSerg's comment the answer
No, I cannot get this part of code to work that will read from the file and send it to another header in the program idk if it will have to use pointers, I havent learned pointers yet.
Then check the call to sourceWS.Columns(j).GetData(i, 1). Also try setting a break point at Do While, step through the code while watching the value of the variables. Can you refrain from the Variant type?
+1 Nothing wrong :) I was not familiar with this form of list... Is there a similiar simple way to access the list of methods for each class (i.e. not the tabled list that each of the classes has)
Funny, that. If you have a coprocessor, the threshold where the log is faster will be fairly low.
I think I did answer it.  The signature of a self-signed certificate is nothing more than an assertion that the person signing holds the private key that matches the public key in the cert.
Both use jsmin to compress the Javascript files. Maybe you should compress your js files with both libraries and decide. The caching feature of Minify seems good, though.
Virgil: This kind of question is perfectly fine. We do get tons of what's wrong with this code questions. It's part of the site.
Whoops. I've now added the deceleration of the class. Tom- even though I realise that C++ includes a built in queue I'd like to get this one to work.
Its not really... implemented yet and won't be for quite a while...
Then you need to inject the dll into every process or write a kernel mode driver todo this. I'd consider this malware
Dennis Cheung: that makes very little sense. You seem to be stating the obvious?
We have a CIX on the id column. If I add a NCIX on (id,col1,col2,col3) it will use that instead, which is faster! Unfortunately col3 is rather large. We're on 2005, but if we were on 2008, those filtered indexes look like a possible solution.
ObjectInputOutputStream only work in combination.  They won't work with any plain DataInputOutputStream.
I want to encapsulate the test in a function, to allow me 
On second thought the thread that fails the compareexchange still has to wait for the one that succeeded otherwise it can delete memory from under under the live if branch so it would still require syncronization (ie. ManualResetEvent), making it pretty much just as heavy as a lock.
Most people actually use .h for C++ too.
As stated in a previous comment, I do not think I will be allowed to install anything on the client.
I would return IMyClass. The Mac folks probably won't want to derive from MyClass (just for the sake of being different), but they'll have to at least implement IMyClass if they want to play in my sandbox.
Acording to google, yes. Source: http:www.google.comsupportwebmastersbinanswer.py?hl=en&answer=35302
Adam, the size of char is guaranteed by the standard back to ANSI 89.  It's one of the very few types they ever bothered to give a concrete size to.
Easy, that's just a simple linear series. I've put in some basic sample code above, as one way to do it.
Or define your lookup tables, with referential integrity as normal, but generate your enum definitions from the database.  That way you program against the enums and they match the DB.
What comparison? Please post some actual code!
FYI: The same code works like a charm deployed to a Windows Server 2003 R2 x64 & Excel 2007.
You might want to show the end user something more informative than that, and log exception details for support purposes, but otherwise I'd recommend it as a best practice rather than inappropriate!
Malfist: Two cars that are only different by their color would still have the same data and behavior, so there's no need to separate them (that would cause copy paste programming). But in the case of a car, I could have separate concepts: The Car itself, Purchase Contract, Car Registration, Insurance Contract, Repairs. When I'm using the Car, the Repair Process doesn't matter, only the end results of the Repair (the car works properly).
No, you have to pick one. Just consider me a really helpful supplement.
Thanks, Ed, for the additional detail.  Very helpful.
just enable cookies.  most sites on the web today will be broken with cookies disabled anyway, i don't think it's a case you have to worry about.
I would add a note that  unordered, unique  implies Set.
Sounds more like dependency injection than double dispatch to me.
stefan-mg; boxing is not required on struct methods unless the method is virtual and not overridden (i.e. GetHashCode(), Equals(), ToString() etc).
I have a better solution: wrap the chunk of code you want to pop out of in a 'do  ...  while (0);' loop. That way, you can jump out in the same manner as a goto without the overhead of the trycatch loop (I don't know about C, but in C++ try is low-cost & catch is high-cost, so it seems excessive to throw an exception where a simple jump would suffice).
Ok, I posted it above. Thanks.
I just cracked and downloaded ASP.Net MVC :) The learning curve is going to delay my project further, which is already overdue, but hopefully I can catch up and save time from the benefits :) Cheers.
any ideas about this ?
But how do I get the Countries inside my ViewPage?
I did it exactly as you suggested and got the 'Permission Denied' error
any links to support it? it sounds very absurd to stop supporting it after such a short lifetime.
Starter Kit Web Sites is a set of multiple open source projects, which one do you recommened?
Spot on! Wonderful answer, thanks!
re cant install modules is bollocks: http:stackoverflow.comquestions755168perl-myths755179755179
Final code takes about 11ms on my machine, all the advice really helped me out. Thanks everyone!
shame. I was hoping to be able to consolidate HTML, Javascript, AJAX, Applets into one Silverlight app. Obviously not the silver bullet I wanted!
What kind of errors do you get when you use string?
Email me the font and i can try here and see if i can help: shadi at dante hyphan studios dot com (it won't be until the morning UK time though)
That is absolutely amazing.  And yes, s1s1g and it compiles and runs correctly xD
I believe the code is Java, not C. :-)
That seems to be the case here, hence my comment.
objectice c is a superset of c, it consists of c. I'm not sure if they're so different.
Ok, so just to confirm, if you have dates before 26th of March it shows in the grid just fine, but after the 26th it shows -2 in the grid, is that correct?  Does your daylight savings change your timezone by 2 hours or 1?
I've seen this before online. People say its reflection, some people say it isnt possible, people say it IS possible, because of reflection.
Is there a createdat method to access the createdat attribute? What kind of object is createdat?  Does it define `<=>`?  What kind of errors are you getting?  etc, etc, ad nauseum.  In other words, we need more detail than but no luck for me.
No, it's not my case.
I don't know SubSonic, but can you rewrite it as:
Yep. I actually installed it as root. Here's the gem list:
Where did you read that weeks start on Tuesdays according to ISO 8601? I don't think that is the case.
Paul Fisher: atan2 doesn't exist on some math libraries, particularly some runtimes for embedded devices.  Otherwise, no, that's a good option, as well.
That would probably work too. The accepted answer for the following  SO question provides a way to automatically run validation rules for a page. I think you could modify it to call UpdateSource() on all BindingExpression objects instead. http:stackoverflow.comquestions127477detecting-wpf-validation-errors
+1 for SICP.  Everyone should read that book.  If it doesn't kill you it WILL make you stronger.
AccessVBA has recordsets, but they are fairly complicated.  It will be easier to write VB.NET that uses the Access database, see http:www.connectionstrings.comaccess
Don't let me accepting my own answer deter you - I'd like a better solution or corrections.
Thanks Nigel.  I have seen the Reuse types in referenced assemblies checkbox in the Advanced dialog.  It seems to be on by default.  You are correct that it doesn't appear to pick up proxies generated by other services.
I'll give it a shot, funny though, initially the plugin worked beautifully.  I literally add three lines of js and all is configured - no idea what happened, maybe I'll just roll back my git repo.  It would sure be nice to avoid all the additional configuration, although it is a trade off to not be able to update sIFR directly. 
While that looks nice, one advantage that YUI Compress seems to have is that it does CSS compression and concatenation as well.
does not work either, the code below still returns 87
tom10 actually your solution fails for [87,100,28,67,68,41,67,1]. It outputs 223 236. Nice try.
