Might be smart to rename your question to an actual question so that people don't downvote it.
Doesn't vertical orientation screw up the ClearType?
In all, I have to agree. This is just bad design.
Snippets work well for situation and save typing.  For example I have created custom snippets because I am replacing some old code in files, and I can't use copy replace, so I can highlight the old code, and then use my snippet.
Yep, I've added that. I prefer enableif as it lets you have different versions and gives slightly better error messages (IMO). Some people also like the error messages from MPL's static assert.
Erm, I disagree about hard to follow, its actually very easy to follow because there is a logic flow. Maintenance? Sir needs a better IDE.
What good would a solution be with 0 projects?
I was just shooting from memory there, glad it was helpful.
Oh, it's building ADO commands.  I'll try using the trace and report back!
Nick, that was indeed the problem. I figured it would be useful to post the question so I could also put the answer there. I hadn't counted on someone answering so quickly!
you got 4 answers in a minute..
They are greater than 0, so not that big
Your gatewayrouter actually has (at least) two IP addresses. Are you looking for the one facing your node or the other(s) facing upstream towards other networks?
The main title is misleading, it would be good if someone could edit to reflect the fact that IainMH was talking about the layout of form fields.
kokos, if your objects are being finalized that means the application doesn't have any references to them, so your object can't be modified concurently by the application, when writing a finalizer you can assume your objects are accessed from only the finalizer thread, so no loking neeeded.
Chris Conway, are you joking ? :)
He is talking about all that predefined delegates like Predicate<T> which are already coded inside the framework.
Yes there is: C doesn't allow it  
Has anyone even tried this?  When I try it the syntax is incorrect and it returns every line in the file.
Always a sound method of choosing technologies, I find. ;p
Let us know how google charts works out for you, I know I am curious.
public class global : System.Web.HttpApplication
Do you want the single closest blue polygon, or the set of closest pairs between the red poly and all of the blue ones?
True, good point
I guess I thought idiomatic meant the best way as opposed to just an arbitrary standard. But I guess a best way is subject to context.
If by point you mean vertex, it won't give you the correct result either.
should not support. That is what I get for not sitting when typing.
nope, it actually does preserve the history. A move is actually implemented as a copy and then a delete. And since branch and tag are actually implemented as copy as well, they all preserve history in the same way.
It's not necessarily too late, or you are throwing untested code to the world?
Scala can be compiled to target the JVM or the CLR, generating bytecode or MSIL respectively.
chrissie1: The tags are in the left now (don't know why the change)
Note: I'm more looking for the list of Problems than the list of Solutions. Good answer anyway.
Yes in my experience you are right. Shame though.
Not sure why you got voted down Ilya, makes sense for someone knowledgable in R and the way it works to comment on a question about R
Why is everyone looking at the prop attribute? Did I miss something? It just says get the first three nodes.
Mathematics is built on very precise definitions, so terminology matters.  If you arbitrarily change the definition of a set, then the operations defined on sets may change their meaning, or become meaningless altogether.
Would you mind editing your question into a actual question?  You might get some more answers that way.
Could you elaborate on this a little?
mydomain.com is owned by somebody.  example.com is reserved for examples like this.
I'm not sure how you'd write an XSLT to go from XStream output to JSON?  You could ask a new question on SO. :)
I think you're right, but I didn't really understand how to apply it in practice.
Brilliant! Thanks!
Thanks for the ref to the article. Somehow I had never read about IDENTITY before!
I would change the title for something like The ideal middle level LAMP environment
Been working with C for 5 years and have never seen the true operator being overloaded. Makes sense since you can overload arithmetic and equality operators. Thanks!
I had originally accepted devinmoore's answer but I really like this one better. Not only does it describe the table but it also shows the metadata such as column descriptions and if there are any OIDs.
Thanks, I learned something new! :)
Having a wiki can help though, as it lowers the threshold for writing and retrieving documentation.
It sounds like you could achieve equivalent speedup by denormalising a bit. Store the number of posts, author name, number of views, etc in the thread record.
Thanks a lot for the comment!
Removed java from the tags because the question is not directly related to java.
Please try the test case I gave and you will see it for yourself.
could you consider renaming the topic to reflect optimization or performance?
What exactly do you want to achieve? Maybe there is something much more simple you could do if you only ever happen to pass around functions rather than complete expressions.
From a rudimentary test (doing a make -n install in some dirs I have laying around), the make install step of any MakeMaker-based module will update perllocal. It's not specific to installing via CPAN directly.
And if you use assignment inside the body, then you incur the initialization cost anyway, and then the cost of assignment on top of that.
http:www.netlib.orgresearchawkbookcodech7
Jason, you absolutely could argue that.  You could also argue that about DataSets but now even MS is abandoning them.
Yes. If I just do DataSource = list, I get a bunch of empty columns.
Was it easy to do this with Subclipse? Does subversive store some metadata not in the standard ways on the filesystem, making mixing it's use with things like tortiseSVN less reliable? If so, I'm going with subclipse.
You're absolutely right ;) There's your question!
How about an assert when bitindex is > 31 ?
Unfortunately, the Conditional Split Task is under Data Flow. The two available paths are coming from a Script Task. I probably should have been more specific.
Cool.  Thanks.  :)
Your third sentence almost made it sound as if you were saying develop your app however you want, people will just have to get used to the security prompts - which is not what you meant. Also, if security by dialogs isn't security, then what is? For what it's worth, Linux does the same thing.
I am using sql 2005 and iam designing a view for the monthly reconciliation report. This is just a part of the query and iam having unions to join other parts..it returns 1MB.
What point sizefont do you use?
jCache is a java library, but you're asking in relation to javascript.  Everyone's confused. Please provide more detail.
model.getabsoluteurl()
If I was a montheist and I wanted to create a God object, I might specify to use a MonotheistAbstractFactory Pattern to create my God Object? This would leave open the possiblility for polytheistic users to also use my program by specifying a PolytheistAbstractfactory.
quad-bucky-cokebottle...
You could also hold only smaller records in memory, and compact the leftover large records afterward (so you don't end up filling you entire memory with large records over time).
Won't this code add an empty string to the array if there is no input?
Well, here's the deal:  The app I'm creating is for my own personal use.  It's not residing on a 'server', but rather sitting on my local hard drive.  As a result, both objFile.writeLine(orders(x)) AND document.getElementById work.  It's just not recognizing the use of a variable within the ID.
I can't be fastest gun in the west if I stop to read tags! :)
You don't need while(hare && hare = hare->next).  The only time that would protect you is if the list was empty (root is null).  Otherwise, the while loop as defined will terminate as soon as hare->next returns null.
If you refuse to use the command line, you will miss out on many ways of being much more productive. The command line is great, regardless of platform, for getting a lot done quickly.
Mdd would show Jan 1 as 101.  Do you want 101 or just 11?
Instead of your OpenID site It would be clearer to say the site accepting your OpenID (commonly known as an OpenID consumer). One of the highest voted suggestions on uservoice is for stackoverflow to allow people to change the associated OpenID.
... also your example doesn't show other important bits of the disposable pattern: (1) add a Finalizer that calls Dispose(false) and (2) very important the public Dispose method should call GC.SuppressFinalize(this).
The application is hosted on a VPS, so I have root access.
Greg Whitfield: You're right, I wasn't using the  characters.  The queries are working, but not of much use.  I verified that it is only querying on, and displaying, the first 31 characters of the description.
this is highly subjective... even type inference can't always do things that a very dynamic language can do, at least not without a lot of big changes to the type system...
Jonathan, are you sure about that? John Resig uses this exact approach in his javascript tutorial here: http:ejohn.orgappslearn11
I heard somewhere that there are issues with using an svn:externals within the same repository (most notably when it comes to doing backups, that it causes evil circular checkouts). Do you know if that's (still) an issue?
I think you meant GetSystemMenu, not GetMenu; see my reply.
The image would be a simple and effective solution.
Well, as i see multithread is a bad. SO unless you have a prioritized job, like main thread in UI, or when a lot of request like on webserver where threads cannot be executed in one queue, then dont use them.
ooh, I like extending adding the new array method!
You're right about TinyMCE lacking footnote automation, but there is table insertediting support.
Ahhh its a shame that I have to use Ant 1.6! This regexp functionality is only available since ant 1.7!
Incidentally, the standard C++ library is not called STL; the STL is just a small subsection of the standard C++ library. In this case, I believe you are asking for functionality in the standard C++ library, and I've answered accordingly.
I find that people can always subvert the system. If the employee can't check in his work without unit tests, he'll write the equivalent to assert(1==1), or the most basic and probably very rigid tests.
I certainly agree with the warnings thing. It just sounded like you were saying The way to avoid typos is to not type things wrong which is not very helpful. :-)
If the error is unlikely to happen, what kind of performance can be expected? This is why I asked for some stats on this and not just This one is faster
Welcome! Sorry I didn't check back in time for an example. :-)
Hmm, the image destroys the page layout for me. Text is truncated on the right side :(
technically, folder1folder2, as backslashes are treated differently. I know, just a nitpick  :)
OK, I get what you are saying, but it doesn't help unfortunately, since I don't have access to any real domains. I need a solution that will work even with no connection to the internet.
Thanks mate, that was just what i needed!
Yes!  Although not programming-related, this is probably the most annoying keyboard shortcut I've ever encountered.
Here's a .NET 2.0 solution, a bit more complex than Corey's : http:stackoverflow.comquestions18407153037
I like this very much and if I was using the 3.5 framework, this is the route I would take, unless there's something better still out there.  Unfortunately, I'm using 2.0 so I'll have to stick to your first answer.  Thanks!
You're right. I'm removing my answer then...
I'm not certain about the multiple accounts.  It appears as though a portion of their stats are offline for maintenance, so you may need to check back tonight.
Thanks, not only did I learn about a new cool tool (Dependency Walker), the redistributable package helped (although I used VS2008, for which the link is: http:www.microsoft.comdownloadsdetails.aspx?familyid=9B2DA534-3E03-4391-8A4D-074B9F2BC1BF&displaylang=en).
Ironic then, isn't it?  foreach is just a syntactic shortcut.
this isnt a very secure way of doing things. anyone with firebug can change the values of the prev fields. In my oppinion it better to compare with the actual database to check for changes. see my answer
My pleasure. Let me know if you run into any kind of problems and I'll be glad to help! :)
Glad to be of help.
TomC--exactly right.  Why does everyone automatically assume some evil DRM motivation for this question?
ffpf: Me neither :)
too funny, I've just never thought of that with booleans, and you're the first to ever mention it!
.elements and a lot other element-collections (.images, .frames and so on !-) are exactly collections, so elements is accessible in both ways ...
To clarify, the hidden aspect of this is that if either operand to scalar '..' is a constant the value is implicitly compared to the input line number (.)
In Java it's quite conventional to name your classes with a capital first, and your instances in lower case. It is very common to see something like: Person person = new Person();
It works! Thanks for the tip :-)
Amen to that brother!  Apples TimeMachine has made it very clear that even rudimentary version control is useful for all sorts of files.
I know in VB.NET AddDays returns a date object that needs to be assigned. It would be used like this currentDate = currentDate.AddDays(1). I'm not sure if that's the same in C though.
I thought that without this, every user has readwrite access to every file.  Will this really resolve a permission denied error...?
Very true, but the typical LINQ to SQL user wouldn't typically be hacking around the XML, but it is true, alor of limitiations in both LINQ 2 SQL and EF are in the designer experience
Buffer overflow is a very nasty bug because the effects are not necessarily close to the cause (i.e. it can crash 500 lines later). If the stack gets smashed you'll need all the help you can get debugging. This is where Valgrind shines - it traps the overflow as soon as it happens.
I will try this since i'm currently just doing xml.Value = the value from the com objects
Slace You're absolutely right... not sure where to draw the line there. I guess a start is the fact that the IDE separates the generated code out into a file you really don't have to look at.
Doesn't date(Y-m-dTH:i:s.u) have less overhead?
Ant gives the command to build everything, but that's because javac is smart enough not to.  Sure XML is ugly, but I don't have to look at it if I don't want to.  I have the option of letting my IDE handle it, or I can customize it if I choose.
I can't believe people are not familiar with this, but every time I work with other devs, they are amazed by it or, more amazing, hate it. Show me the code!
Thanks! Can those windows be actual dialogs where I can enter and save information?
Not that I've actually tried this out yet, but it seems very complete, vote this answer up!
This one is the best way
Snarky snark.  Nice edit.
Why, if the rest of the team is coding in VB, are you NOT coding in VB but in C instead?
Not exactly good for navigating to other directories
It's only available for unmanaged code, unfortunately: http:msdn.microsoft.comen-uslibrary350dyxd0.aspx
I haven't suggested using stat simply because it's not ANSI C. (At least I think so). Afaik the recommended way to get a file-size is to seek to the end and get the file offset.
Thanks for taking the time to get into the code to that degreee, Matt.  The filename is generated by a CMS so I can't really get into it.  I think the background-image overriding is something to look into, though.
it links correctly now.. i fix0red wikipedia
That seems to work and it's a heck of a lot easier than what I was doing.
What I don't get is if he's got wi-fi access to the device from his laptop in the car, why is it so important that he retreive the device?
I agree, but the whole part about being e-mailed an internet is still entirely cringe-worthy.
It is sorting using the ideas behind radix sort, which under these conditions is O(N) time and space, and we already have the O(N) space if we do it in place.
That's still going to halt execution when i'm looking for swallowed bugs. Exceptions in normal application flow are just wrong. Use architecture instead.
Very good analysis!
You're thinking of generative music, and program named Koan.
What does the idiom b && b.transforminsomeway mean?
I used this a lot in SQL2005, I found the CLR functions split the string faster, but as they were opaque overall performance suffered due to bad query plans.
I was trying to use the link to document the claim that, in some circumstances, COUNT(1) could be faster than COUNT().
Close-I've had to move methods like pageload into the ascx file but now I have a problem accessing Viewstate in methodspublic properties inline:
Just confirming that the 7 series can indeed have one 2GB memory module installed as well.
Thanks for the answer! Yes, I think that I could do that, but then the output would be wrong in unix-like environments! Instead of hardcoding it one way or the other, I want it to do the right thing regardless of where it is invoked. Maybe I should clarify this in the question. Thanks again.
As a side note, Owen's solution is also useful if you need to store scripts in a database.
Excellent suggestions.  I'd actually used that strategy once before on a project - checking in create scripts into VSS (had wished we were using something were you could check in versioned sets, but got around that a bit with labels)  I wish the developers I'd inherited this from had done this.
Surely that code needs an except clause.
Yeah I agree that it's not quite a good idea but however it's an alternative that might be useful in some cases where different page titles needs to be birthed from complex conditions?
You can't measure features very accurately. You can use Function Points to score their complexity.  The Function Point per Time metric is pretty common.
Where do I go to see answers to this challenge?  I'm new to the community wiki thing...
However, if it does go grayish, I'll readd the tag. But I'm thinking someone can provide an acceptable answer for how to approach this dilemma.
fixed that.  I was going off of the question too much
Why do you want to keep them in one place ?
compilers and VMs are a relatively stable part of CS, and not so hard to veryfy with tests.  an ORM design has a lot of ways to be 'slightly wrong', or incomplete documentation.  all this makes it harder to trust than something so basic as the compiler.
This isn't the best way in case you don't want the new collection. Use the filter iterator metaphor, which may input into a new collection, or it may be all that you a need.
There is only one object - window. If you don't block access to it, then everything is available through it. If you do block it, then the script can't access anything of its properties (since saying alert instead of window.alert just implies the window.).
Tables are bad when you don't use them for tabular layout ;-)
That's exactly my question - where is it best practice to define the UI?  Traditionally, the View would be the correct place but this isn't possible if your UI is built generically, and if you might have a User search in many pages, it doesn't make sense to copy and paste the markup every time.
`autoptr` may yield ownership. Often, this isn't required. Basically, a `scopedptr` implements just RAII for an arbitrary pointer in a given block.
That wouldn't be a good idea, as there can typically be lots of abstract classes and the 'false' warnings would soon overwhelm you, causing you to miss the 'true' warnings.
Thanks for the example though, I think this sort of wrapper might be handy for other tasks, but yeah I guess what I should have made more clear at first is that I want an automation type of thing
The hosting interfaces in beta 5 are almost final.  I don't remember how much they changed between 4 and 5, but I'm pretty sure there was some change. RC1 will be out in about a week.
If you're using VB9 but restricted to .NET 2.0, you might want to look at LINQBridge: http:www.albahari.comnutshelllinqbridge.aspx It's basically a LINQ to Objects implementation targeting .NET 2.0.
That is exactly how I do it, too. Works very well; the only gotcha with debugging then is the security (which account) and the working folder - which are easier to code around.
partitions are fine, too, yes :)  .. if I know the partitions, I'll also know what physical devices are available
But to truly get the power of the command line you do need to know some bash. For instance, loops, short circuit logic operators, etc.
Could you give a short example on how you picture that list?
There may of course be many other bad things which can happen with a probability of 12^128.  You might not want to single-out this one to worry about.
LOL. Have had that happen to me some times too :D
I have Eric's book and apparently forgot about that chapter.  Thanks for the direction.
Because although I thought that option existed, I kept overlooking it...
I edited my answer to include a link to the tutorials.
I never see the warning under GCC on my Ubuntu box when doing it this way
If you're searching through a sorted collection just make it an array and do a binary search, O(lg n).
Thanks, Matthow; I've done the edit now. :-)
what about real find and locate?
Mark - That was really an excellent writeup. You get my +1!
What reason is there for C or java having lambdas? neither language is based around them, it's just another structure to waste time learning when its not needed. I'm not being confrontational, if there is a reason I would like to know the reason why.
thanks for the answer. I am going to use this code because I like being able to tweak not only the timeOut time but the chunk of the array that is processed prior to calling timeOut. All I had to add was an else after the setTimeout to hide my please wait gif when I am done. Thanks again
Just a heads up, it is possible to have a fully  referentially transparent object, with referentially transparent member functions.  See http:okmij.orgftpSchemeoop-in-fp.txt
numpy is also featured in the book Beautiful Code. :-)
ALT+Space also works.
Nope. I added a link to an article on theregister.co.uk talking about IE8 features. If you don't feel like reading the whole thing, the note about SVG support is on the 5th paragraph
Asian charactes come to mind as an example, but it really depends on the code page that is used for the conversion. In your example, it would probably not be a problem, because any non-ANSI character would be replaced by a question mark.
MusiGenesis -- Neural Networks are to actual neurons as inspired by a true story movies are to actual true stories :-).  The goal isn't really to simulate brains.
What I want to do is automatically increment that minimum required version for the application to match the current version about to be published.
good luck for sure.  I'm still working on fixing this up a week later.  It is definitely a chore.
I would ask why they assume ToString() provides an ID?  Are there other classes with ToString() returning an ID in the ecosystem?  Is this an educationcommunication problem (not everything should be fixed in code)?
Agreed that NHibernate works well with compound keys.
I vote jEdit too, easily one of the best
I think the question presumes that quicksort alone is not fast enough. Sure, this rarely occurs, but the question is what would I do if it did occur, not tell me to get back to work writing boring, easy code to cover boring, easy cases ;-)
CompactUI.Business is my business layer assembly. There is no reference to a CompactUI.Business.PocketPC.asmmeta assembly. I have no idea where this comes from.
How does this work with parameters of different types? Say I have two overloads where one takes a string and the other takes an int?
The TWiki solution is in use today in hundreds of TWiki installations, so I doubt that's the case. Most of the time it's able to merge without conflict and when it's not it makes clear what's happened and makes all the content available for editing without having to look at a separate diff.
Hmm, how can it be that much faster? You re walking the tree anyway, aren t you? What work does git-ls-tree do that you avoid? (NB.: grep will bail on first match, SIGPIPE ing the git-ls-tree.) When I tried it, I had to Ctrl-C your script after 30 seconds; mine was done in 4.
EAI - Enterprise Application integration.
Well it would be useful if you are in their position if you want to know about every page on the Internet. (Plus it's in the disclaimer.)
Of the 10 points I mentionned, 7 points were implemented despite protests. The CC++ array at 1, the DOM in VB and the XSL-T language as a OOP language were either refused (1 and 2) or simply irrealistic (2). I mentionned all the points to show how deep the VB King madnessstupidity went... :-p ...
That was really helpful, thanks! It now saves the file... but it gets the value of the submit button instead of the file select input. Do you maybe know why?
We use it for robotUI testing.
'E' and 'X' might both stand for Extended, but what does the 'R' in RAX mean?
You should mention this depends on signed right shifts preserving sign. This is not guaranteed by the C standard afaik. However it does work under gcc for me.
Frank Schmitt: this is very true. So the best is to put some other kind of blockage on it, such as password.
You might be able to add a simple non-friend non-member function in the same namespace, and this would both protect the encapsulation, and enhance your class. In fact, this is the way to do it in C++.
Thanks, I accepted Stephen A Lowe's answer because I understood it a bit better (although objectively I'm not in a position to judge whose answer is better).
oh... will watch out for that.
Oooo excellent point... but I bet they can look at tables and edit a little data. ;-)
Yes, Core 2 chips (both solo and duo) are 64-bit. So are the Xeons used in the Mac Pro. The original Core (not 2) that was used in 1st-gen MacIntels is 32-bit.
What Wikipedia describes is, I think, more like regression testing. I've never even heard of this testing before testing before.
The selector should never return null, only a collection with no items.
I had a look at the generator. Unfortunately it seems to be aimed to create static lookup tables rather then generic dynamic containers. Nevertheless it's a good alternative to gperf, I think!
doesn't BaseValidator imply IValidator?
It seems that this question revolves entirely around what your definition of a 'craftsman' is.
sat compile timeat the moment when `def` statement is executed
Just remember that IE (5,6,7, & 8 (in non-standards mode) will submit the .innerHTML of the button, not the value attribute that you set on the button!
I'm not disagreeing with you guys. However, it seems like the vendor is pretty much refusing to make this right, and it sounds like the requirements are unclear. Switching from GET to POST is pretty much trivial, and with SSL, is adequate security, I figured that's the path of least resistance.
community wiki, so much spam in SO now. When question are subjective (no final answer) it should be Community Wiki.
I think at it's heart, you're right, although visualizers are only one way: music->graphics, where this would be both ways - the music can affect the lighting and the like, and the system can affect the sounds of the instruments.
That could be fun.
Good point my friend!
yeah, interesting observation from the table names.
One criticism: the article, while good, is from 2004 and doesn't include Google Test.
Good info on the ACID, not quite on the self-respecting comment. Many SQL drivers execute the query server side but don't return the entire result set in the same routine call (i.e. first call SQLExecute then SQLFetch to get the results). This is often hidden from the end-user (e.g. .NET Dataset)
I don't think that's portable or a reference card. TAoP is a tome.
You need to have more than just knowing that they exist.... you need to know how they work and the kind of situations where they are used. That's a bit more than superficial knowledge. It may be years before you use a pattern, but when you do, it's not the time to learn the pattern.
Reading back through yours it is the same but the first part of yours is confusing.
The author of the question didn't say he uses .NET. And he didn't say he's needing the information for formatting purposes.
nickf, that does look like a good alternative. I know this is outside the realm of this thread, but could you point me toward any resource on how to setup that SVN -> Server portion? I know this is probably a super easy question, but I'm only a hobbyist developer and just recently started using SVN.
When you set it to block in Firefox, it renders the table cells on top of each other instead of side by side.
Web Developer tool bar is great, you can turn bits on and off for testing as well as analysis the page.  I think its a wicked tool.
There is a problem with that approach. What if I need to pass my object to a function that needs to call GetPosition(), and GetArea()? Or, what if GetArea() itselft actually needs to rely on GetPerimeter()?
The pointy-haired boss says I have to, no logic found here.
whar I am looking for is the check further using regex
I do think it is programming related. There are more batch file  command shell question, this one is just a bit vague.
TrickyNixon: Disagreed. Characters are not cheap. When there are STANDARDIZED abbreviations for units (or even very commonly used abbreviations) - I think it is a waste not to use them...
Ken G: ok you are right - so there must be a column OUT and IN.
Good suggestion! Second argument should be typeof(T) and not typeof(T).GetType().
Are you also in the 'Debugger Users' and 'VS Developers' Groups?  I'm looking through my system and I am also in those groups.  Another thing is I turned off Windows Security Center Prompts.  This might help you out as well.
Using Tomcat 5.5 this will throw an exception if the property doesn't actually exist on the object as in the case of the example shown above.
Symbols can be very useful and provide better performance than options that other languages offer but, like almost anything else, can also be abused.  Point 4a re:APIs can be a big PITA but this is largely addressed in Ruby 1.9 where Symbols can be compared with strings directly, among other things.
As I see it, you can only call metafunctions at compile time, I see no way of calling initoptions() or any other plain function at compile time. I understood you want to automagically apply all Policies in the Policy list by calling initwith at runtime, which is what foreach does. please clarify
you should also accept just CR, because some older systems used just CR.
On the other hand, this is using only standard library modules.
Is it mis-aligned in all browsers? What browsers are you using to test?
You can have a small pool or a large pool, it's your choice.  You were going to need at least one file anyway, since that's what the questioner asked for.  If your pool consists of one file, you lose nothing. If you have bucketloads of disk (and you should, given its low price), there's no issue.
I can see how the term reference counting muddies the issues, i was trying to hint to mechanisms that other languages have that might keep allocated objects alive, maybe not a good idea
Of course there is one drawback: you open a dummy socket. Anyway, nice job.
Thanks Jack. Everything I needed combined into a couple of functions. Cheers!
edited question with more info
Chris you always need to cast the return from void to what you've allocated - this is c not c++.
Sorry, I need that format. Regarding sprintf, I would not be in control of the format strings and using a printf()-style call with a format string that is not a literal would be potentially dangerous.
You're right, it's deceptively tricky. Now that I've been playing around with it, I've also noticed that people sometimes abbreviate city names. Writing this is a great excercise in DP; I'm certain one can achiever fairly decent results wo too much effort.
I think it's the fact that I'm doing it inside an Eval format string that is causing the problem.  Could it be that the Eval is converting the '&quot;' into a quotes and then the ASP.NET Rendering engine comes along and kicks the error? I'm not sure.
And of course the comment system screwed up my newlines...
Actually it targets 2.0 SP1 (and similar for 3.0), meaning you can get into issues if you aren't careful. But I agree completely: make the switch!
works. cat foo.txt  perlcount.pl . It's a tiny bit faster than the equivalent python's solution according to my testing
Thanks for the explanation of the  operator! It's a good touch.
Thanks for the info.  I was hoping to check them out on a flight, but alas...
thanks mike this is actually exactly what I was looking for!
When I was debugging, the return (o1 as System.ValueType).Equals(0) returned a false when I passed a zero to the method.....
Toybuilder: actually, 'tar' is the usual answer, since it just generates a big archive out of your files by concatenating them with a minimal index. Thats why .tar.gz files are so popular in the unix world.
davr - that exactly why I said to do it - he's trying to get a NOT NULL value into the db, which empty quotes are
Hmm, Eclipse doesn't mind, but the JDK does, both version 5 and 6. I'd say it's a bug in the JDK.
I know nothing about .Net so probably shouldn't even be commenting but....I believe that LINQ is a means of accessing data (relational, XML, etc.), isn't this the kind of thing that you generally wouldn't want in your client-side code, where anyone could modify it?
Bingo. UDP over TCP is the key. It's a fire and forget protocol that doesn't guarentee the arrival of the packets.  One thing that concerns me is that the latency may not simply be TCP waiting for ACK packages, but dropped packets causing multiple sends. UDP would be bad in the second case =)
Read the spec more carefully, it denotes that the type of the instance must be a class or subclass.  It makes no note of where the type instance is used from.
Thanks for the explanation!
ctrl-fctrl-b move full pages at a time. Ctrl-ud can actually do different things, depending upon the setting of 'scroll' (default is 12 page). Oh, and consider this an excellent reason to break bad habits.
Looks like it is in System.Management.dll - http:msdn.microsoft.comen-uslibrarysystem.management.managementeventwatcher.aspx
Indeed. But it looks like generics as implemented in Delphi 2009 are not what I hoped they would be.
URL Rewrites have a tendency to break form postback URL's as well on Webforms as well.
Probably from people who use ASP.NET everyday, and know how horrible it is to use with a 3rd party AJAX library.
So - are you root? If not, ask the administrator to install the header file for you (of course, the admin may then just install subversion in the first place). If root won't do that for you, install OpenSSL first yoruself.
The normal way of getting past the fact that it's sent in cleartext is either to use digest auth instead of basic, or use https. Either solution is acceptable and secure.
Your first statement is a too strong.  Bob's test does hold a hex value; that hex value is 0x53.  Granted, it also holds decimal 83 and octal 0123, but it does hold 0x53 too.
In this case pass-by-value it's not worth since you are not doing a copy: you are building an istreamstream from.
A good answer to my case (+1). OTOH I was really hoping for something more general.
I'm someone who mainly writes code just for fun and I've written a functional (but limited) microkernel. In x86 assembly language. For fun. :D
I've added some links to validation services (see above).
Are you sure of the result??? Shouldn't it be (1,6,7,8,9,10,12)???
Just to elaborate on this: in IE, the getElementByID function actually searches both name and id attributes, which causes this code to work (accidentally) in IE. If there's more than one element with the specified name, I believe it returns the first one it finds.
It would also be helpful to include an example.  Do you have the solution to the huge number in your question mod by some other value?
The site does mention the possibility of licensing under a different license.
Could you please provide me with a code sample? I must admit I do not fully understand the flags I should use...
Not really.  I'd suggest a peek at jQuery, see if it has something similar to what you want in the addons, then inspect it, or tweak one to make what you want.  As schnaader said, you can peek at exactly how they did it by viewing the source.
Your ORDER BY clause could probably use a DESC modifier.
Can you provide me with the URL?  Thanks Kenny.
I've reopened it. :-)
Doesnt't work, thx for trying
This is indeed very usefull for my problem. Thanks a lot!
Eitheror. This is more of a general question and the above example is just that, an example. I just run into the scenario many times where I would like control events to halt while I do something and am just curious as to the best practice.
I agree with the 8020 rule: the problem is that human beings are usually bad in guessing where bottlenecks are... yet the 2080 rules can be applied :)
Greg - do you know another answer? Was that you who had the other post but deleted it? I've read the docs and your right - this isn't language agnostic and also should return true not false for c.
Access has not shipped with built-in direct access to Borland database products and their successors for nearly 10 years. Since 1999 or so you've always needed third-party drivers for BorlandFirebirddBase, etc. (well, in regard to xBase, if you want readwrite and not just read-only).
That'd be my guess!
I looked into the YUI stuff, but it doesn't seem quite flexible enough - I could only workout how to have ~700px, ~900px and 100 width columns?
Blankman - you've either been very lucky, or only worked at a small company.
That only works if you have a perfectly specular surface and assume that Snell's Law is sufficient for your normal calculation.  For some actual materials, the bright spot isn't exactly where Snell's Law would predict, though.
(Using reflection doesn't always violate encapsulation, btw - but the two main uses for reflection are to violate encapsulation, or (better) to handle cases where you don't know enough compile-time information about the type to satisfy the compiler.)
This was the most recent solution I used - a simple windows scheduled task that ran a wget on the page. Glad to know it makes sense to someone else too.
Not quite. 'delete' will invoke the destructor of an object (which may release resources other than memory, file handles, for instance).
anothe rlink: http:stackoverflow.comquestions166028handling-large-databases
Much nicer than the monkeypatch approaches in other answers. +1
Musically, it represents an abstraction of something that happens at a point in time in the score.  This is supposed to be the superclass of classes like Note, KeyChange, MeterChange, DynamicMarking, TempoMark, etc.
I disagree with the language specification enforcing rules on intended practice such as requiring case statements to have breaks. Case fall through should be allowed and given a warning not a compile error. This is the same situation, and you're quite nitpicky over when i said CLR earlier.
What function are you calling to hide the ctrlwindow?
I agreed with you statement.
I think this is probably the only way to do it ... and since this is for an application that is used internally ... I think I'll give it a try.
Opera? I was really hoping to find an IE or FF solution though...
Hm... thanks, I'll see if I can dig something up about it that way.
I'm closing this as a duplicate.  I realize it's not exactly a dup, but you should find your answer in that one.
Didn't realize this was gonna be a 'canned' question.  Oh well.
Long multiline text fields cannot be edited this way by a normal human.
Michael: basically everything is possible with maven. But we wanted a clear separation between resources and source (we have many resources). I don't say that one way is better than the other. We just chose this way.
Isn't applicationx-www-form-urlencoded the same thing?
This seems to get me a list of images, but what about the text elements? Also on mine it's called View Page Info.
And what if you can't use auto pointers?
It doesn't work - I tested it and it comes back undefined because of how the event handler works, this becomes the element that fired the click event (at least it does in FF3).
Why do people sign their posts like a personal letter? lol.. We can see who it is at the bottom of the post ;)
That's not completely true: using String.Join on a string[] would be faster. But what about building the string[]? You would need a List<> or a LinkedList<>, which would in turn take more time to build than using a StringBuilder.
Cheers! Unfortunately i need to leave it on so flash can read all the other characters properly.
I still think that in that case, there should be a nicer way to return from the application rather than System.exit().
MCS - thanks for the heads-up; I fixed the code sample.
jQuery is not that big and you're going to end up writing a lot of code that someone else has already written.
+1 And if a test database doesn't exist, one really should be created (seems like the OP is concerned about data updates).
use and  rather then a number and the build will auto increment the value. 1.1.
I stand corrected.  Edited.
Even Steven didn't upvote or favorite it...
It seems more of a GPGGA line.
I would use this list, since it maps perfectly to log4net's levels. Don't invent your own wheel when there is one working perfectly enough. One vote from me!
The internal nodes are features.  So, first you learn what inputs together make a feature, and then then which features influence an output.  The problem is at the output, you don't know if the feature is unrelated, or whether the feature is poorly determined.
I updated my answer re your edit (byte[] vs string)
dribeas: It's not quite that simple. 10 instructions, and then what? All your objects have magically been GC'ed? How about the overhead required to make GC possible? Objects have to store more data, making them more expensive to initialize, something has to determine when to run the GC and so on.
I believe David's point is that by making it a static member, it introduces a possibility of a bottleneck, if lots of threads are expected to call that method.
I second this, except that I prefer to use the same case on the define as on the filename. In UNIX land (etc) FOO.HPP is not the same as foo.hpp.
Thanks Steve, I have spent all day trying to fix this issue and this worked.
I can see how this would work, but there must be a more graceful way to handle error messages!
Darius: if you are using unsigned arithmetictypes, as you should in these contexts, isn't the difference between 2's-complement, 1's-complement and sign-magnitude arithmetic immaterial?
  but since Herb Sutter has made the same mistake and I've apparently even linked his article (I don't remember this!), I can't very well complain.
There's no reason to put quotes around baz. Perl autoquotes hash keys if they consist entirely of w characters.
Tiling is impossible in this instance; is JPEG2000 supported across browsers?  I've never tested it myself, and I can't find an option for JPEG2000 in Photoshop CS4 to test it now.
SELECT 
The problem is, if you read Fowler page on the matter (link in my answer), you'll see that code cited in the question (which you imply is abusing the concept) comes directly from Fowler.  You suggestion seems to be changing the focus of what Fowler seems to be saying.
Yes, which is used as an argument to the call to BinaryWriter::Write. Its a reference to a BinaryWriter Object and is passed in as the this pointer.
Your dynamic programming solution is nice, but it seems to imply: 1) that each element can be taken more than one time; 2) that each value v can be reached exactly, which in general is not the case... Am I missing something?
Hello, as I mentioned in my comments, It changes bu the tree structure, I have used low maxdepth in these tests, so difference is smaller. Besides, the topic also stands for caching, which is not possible using recursive way, we also did not discuss searching.
yes that works fine
Good points! Thanks for making me think in a different direction.
I've never heard of SHSipPreference.  :)  Based on the version support, it looks extremely old. I don't go anywhere near MFC dialogs, but I've never had any problems with SipShowIM in C.NET CF.
I agree with Daan: the Web is single-click centric.  Buttons, links, and input focus all use single-clicks.  Toggling should work the same way.
Second!  Gotta mark this up.  Too many folks trade off obtuseness for nano-second speedups.  Have mercy on us poor souls that must maintain such atrocities!
As Greg Rogers wrote: The two have different semantics when it comes to the key already existing in the map. So they aren't really directly comparable.
Thank you for your reply. It got me thinking and finally helped me solve the issue as explained in http:stackoverflow.comquestions325836how-to-re-initialize-a-session-in-php328987.
If the iphone SDK is similar to OSX, then the rand() implementation is from FreeBSD (rand.c 1.15). The algorithm then is from Parker and Miller, Random number generators: good ones are hard to find. random then uses the very same algorithm if initstate's n is < 8; rand already is a good algorithm
onebyone. see: bool()(T const&, T const&) may that be the type the compiler sees. There are infinitely functions having that type that all do different things. But if you have U with U being a classtype overloading op(), there is only one overloading resolution will be able to figure out.
Restarting Windows is a bit of red herring - it won't do any more than IISRESET will do too.
Not sure I understand what you're suggesting here...
System.Linq.Enumerable.Empty<T>().ToArray() , but this doesn't eliminate the runtime cost you mention.
Depending on the total size of your partition using -h may not show much change. But as others pointed out tomcat probably still has the file open.
Thank you, great :)
Why is fastest relevant?
I don't see primitives as special cases in terms of parameter passing. Whether the value of an expression is a primitive value or a reference, it is passed by value. The value of the parameter inside the method is the same as the value of the argument, but the variables aren't aliased.
Yup. I would hope that the DLR will help on the performance side, at least a bit.
Gah - so obvious!!! I was having a total brain-freeze. Many thanks :-)
Bill - is it ok if I smack them with a rolled up newspaper then?
Yes, sorry, I agree with what you say, I'm just chipping in with the observation that ensuring there are no errors to handle isn't completely alien, since it's something C++ programmers already do in swap, where you don't want to resort to throwing exceptions (or catching them, ideally).
Aaron, I tried thinking about this, but I got confused.
Can the scala code call java source in the same module and vice versa? 
Do you happen to know if it's available for windows?
Well, telling from the name (JFlex) and a quick look at the documentation I'd say it's only a lexer and the syntactical analysis part is missing.
yeah, it is 10x slower, but it's very easily parameterized, heh. Not sure how much faster it would be to call fnSplit() as proposed by Longhorn213's answer
(That's how I got the IL in the first place - a C struct with a parameterful constructor.) I'll edit my answer to explain the bit we've got to so far...
The wrapper the article is talking about is the Synchronized() wrapper, not the lock() wrapper.
I think you mean 2^32
Nice! PATINDEX is new for me, Another day learning something new! ;)
Alastair: That is what the question as stated implies, but that is not what is intended, because then you can't have any 1 in the matrix unless it's all 1's. :-)
Visual Studio 2005 pro
He said in a comment to Bill the Lizard that text is not guaranteed to be valid XML
It doesn't really solve the race condition - child can die while parent is between `if (!earlyDeaths.contains(pid))` and `children.add(pid)`
Don't forget the danger of fraud if the users can access the data from a source other than the application. A user who wants to steal can bypasa all the internal conrtrols set up in the application.
The primary constraint is to disallow default initializations. I want to force the code to explicitly provide all the values.
sendmail does not need to run as daemon in order to forward the email to a remote hub; postfix does need a few helpers but not smtpd
How does DECIMAL(10,2) compared to a FLOAT, compare in the size of the field. eg. are they both 4K, etc.. ???
U+9996 is a perfectly valid character, it's a Han ideograph.  See http:www.unicode.orgcgi-binGetUnihanData.pl?codepoint=9996
Your analysis is correct, but the comment in the code is wrong. xptr += 5 is OK because xptr now has the address of x (a stack address) and thus can be dereferenced.
if ( result != msg )? Tsk, tsk!
WillDean, what about when two unrelated stations try to transmit simultaneously? I don't know about GigE but, if it's just faster ethernet, then that's also a possible collision.
I love wordpress but cant upvote.... :(
Robert, There is a simple and pure XSLT 1.0 solution (no extensions needed) for finding the count of matches. See my answer.
Thanks for your help. I realized that regexp isn't the best way to do it. I'm trying out the PHP html parser suggested by slim.
And please define whether you mean fast in developer terms or data retrieval terms.
Indeed, and your expression means file or folder ending with bin and followed by 0 or more backslashes... So it works because the backslash is nullified by the , but it applies anything with bin inside. On Windows, hg replaces  by  before matching.
But if you take an entry out, it removes it from the index and the space is available to be reused. And if it's different pages, it just gets absorbed in the natural activity of moving pointers among pages. (Usually they don't fill up before they split. They like to have some room left in the node.)
What's wrong with modwsgi?  What's wrong with a more complete web server framework like Django?
In testing this, though, I discovered that a much simpler implementation that uses doubles to store intermediate results, which I knew would be more general, is also faster!  I'm going to change mine again.
In one of my program, I did that way, use asynchronous HTTP and background thread, which improves performance, but I am wondering why I need background thread after I uses NSURLConnection.
Nope. The goal is to be under 100 lines of code. It is basically an excuse to play around with decorators and other things in Python I haven't used much before
You still cannot do it in one pass even if you use a temporary matrix, or else there is something weird I'm not getting here. You need one pass to deduce the rowcolumn information, and one to set everything.
so basically it just looks better :) or readable which boils down to personal preference, isn't it ?
The question has no real answer if you're put in a situation where you can't win.  The point is that if you try too hard to answer the question (make your beginning course very interesting for advanced students), you will make the course less effective for the people it's  supposed to serve.
IMsgServiceAdmin::ConfigureMsgService will set the mailbox for the profile.  What I was really looking for was a way to add additional mailboxes.  When you do this in Outlook, MAPI sees them as additional IMsgStore entries.  Without Outlook, how can this be done?
Correct - only needed for this assignment.
OK but (1) be aware that this implementation of lazy initialization is not thread-safe - which is OK as long as its documented as such (2) the dependency of Employees on the readwrite property DivisionId means the order of setting properties is significant - contrary to MS guidelines.
You can call doPostBack without arguments but then you don't have event handler fire because the object model doesn't know the source of the event. You get PageLoad, etc but no other event handlers
D'oh; it's right there in the help files.  I missed it in both.
I figured out what I was doing wrong.  And I do admit, it's rather confusing.  However, cutting and pasting the full code would have been 3 files worth and even more confusing.  Thank you, though.
Still the same problem
nice articles, so the tracing GC is why the tail-calling is limited.
Charlie asks a good question:  What environment are you in?  To answer your question -- yes, I think that only works for XEmacs (sorry for my assumption)
Thats a really useful site, wish I'd know about it earlier, it would have saved me a lot of time!
+1 Cade.  Riho is a Mysql'er and won't understand.
The link is interesting but ... it does not answer the question.
you can't just ask hey where do i get an invaid num huh?. it depends on the domain and the specific function you are calling.
Thanks, I hadn't heard of named tuples in python yet. I suppose their greatest usefulness is in interfacing with existing code that returns tuples.
In Oracle triggers should be more than powerful enough.  I don't know about other RDBMS systems.
Could you explain this further please? What do you mean that you want to look at the web.config file? Do you mean via a web browser? If so, you should know that IIS prevents you from seeing config files by default - it's a forbidden type.
No probs - glad it worked :-)
divo: no, I'm add-on-phobic. I just have Visual Studio 2005 Professional SP1. I've never seen a problem with the , but I usually increment manually. Sounds like a weird bug.
What are strings really? it's a string of unicode character.
Thanks for this, I've saved it for the future - for this particular issue I'm gonna just ignore those 'equal' signs and thinking about it, there is no real need for the user to have the opportunity to include quotes. - I'll strip them at user entry instead.
They're probably on by default because if you need them to be on, it's difficult to turn them on.
Ctacke, have you had to work around this problem when targeting the CF? Like could an eVB uninstaller for another app still effect your CF app?
you can do multiple variable declarations in one statement. var x = 1, y = 2, z = 3; you can even add line breaks to make it easier to read if you like.
If you go to pasted-in address cell and press F2 then ENTER, do you get the result you want?
Sorry, I shouldn't have used two contradictory classes like I did in my first example.  Please see my second example.
Swimmingly.  This is the only case I've seen of this problem.  The only notion I can come up with is that it is a graphics card issue.
Sorry for the dupe, it didn't come up when entered the question.  I called it dialog, they used UI...
Nope, because then you'd get back all rows from the users table, because every outer join would return NULL.
Did you accidentally compile with different options?  For example, did you compile for 64-bit Windows rather than 32-bit Windows?
see: http:dev.mysql.comdocrefman5.0enenum.html
Pop: I think a death threat is a pretty extreme reaction to a suggestion that is as reasonable as wearing a seatbelt.
Post the code for Helpers.RipHelper
Source? This is my favorite one so far.
your answer is fantastic!!!it does work perfectly!thanks so much!!
I've made this error myself...
eTcl partly because I like the Tcl language and building GUIs isn't bad at all. PythonCE and Tkinter if you are working with older devices, but I think you could have the QT windowing toolkit configured somehow which would provide the look and feel for modern devices.
All that The C++ Programming Language says is The order of operations of subexpressions within an expression is undefined. In particular, you cannot assume that the expression is evaluated left to right.
but in either of those cases the salient fact is that this.constructor is still not a.baz which is what matters
that looks like a typo in the MSDN. Shouldn't the second basicHttpBinding be closed AFTER the  Security mode=Transport ?
Thanks for help, you've got my vote. I posted the html code by stripping down the real (more complex) one, that's why it is not in the best shape. But still I see the value of your suggestions.
I think if you're trying to predict when a meteor will crash into the earth, possibly obliterating all human life, I don't think needing to know exactly what second is imperative :P
Dheer - Before you jump on this duplicate issue can you read the issue carefully? I didnt see any taking of the first row at the child table there.
I'm tempted to close that as subjective and argumentative. What's the point of the question?
it's only an opinion thing until the integration tests require special deployment, set-up, andor tear-down, then it becomes a necessity thing ;-)
Come on guys - it would seem to me that try it in CSS is a shortsighted comment given that what the original OP is obviously trying to achieve cannot be done with CSS directly.  The last but one para could obviously be interpreted as a question.  Give the guy a break.
I wasn't thinking so much of 200 vs 304. Even if the server doesn't catch it, you can code your handler to return a 304. When I mention file serving optimization, I'm thinking more that your server is optimized to handle static files - caching commonly requested files and avoiding script exec.
And this: http:stackoverflow.comquestions373142what-techniques-can-be-used-to-speed-up-c-compilation-times
Confirmed - not having the ToList() means it can't compile :(
OK, I threw a few in the mix.  A lot is dependent on your specific circumstances.
I find it interesting that this answer was selected as the accepted one, because that is definitely not the way that I interpreted the question. Are you psychic?
what if it varies in length, such as BTA10, or BTA1?
The alternative constructor isn't nice, because the conversion logic is fundamentally part of the derived class.
Maybe not, but at least I found out about TEMPDIR
I just tried tjhis, and I am getting exactly what you expect... not what you say you are experiencing.. I am using VS2005 on an XP machine... 2.x CLR
This approach can work, you just need to make the function take two parameters.  create a unique index on F(CAPPECAPPEID, CAPPECCAPPECIDPMNT).  If you return NULL from the function it is not indexed.  Otherwise return CAPPECCAPPECIDPMNT
I'm not really worried about the language as it's pretty easy to translate these simple algorithms.
In your result table, your first record with PROFILEID = 2, is not qualifying given condition, I believe.
Sorry again, It has been corrected. Thanks for reminding me ;)
That's what I said...you just need to make it somewhat difficult to copy, enough that it's easier for a company to pay. Dongling is easily subverted anyway...and even a serial number scheme will be enough to produce a reminder 'this copy is not licensed' if someone  installs intending to pay later.
But still does not answer the question of why the constraint makes the difference here (the Type is already used before).
I am not sure about allocation pattern you describe. Consider this code:
When it's FILENOTFOUND, of course!
The variable naming leaves much to be desired.  I'll rework: count -> first; copy1 -> acopy; copy2 -> count.
That much didn't take long:  what I've been doing is also giving the variables meaningful names and adding comments.
added column names, desired output was already present
Could you provide a code sample?
No subqueries in MySQL 4.1
See the code below.  You're using defvar mistakenly.
Because I'm actually passing a sentence (This is my site and Stuff for me is GREAT) and just replacing 1 word in the sentence.  I can't ToLower() the whole sentence.
Thanks for the answer +1....
.scriptname & wouldn't continue if the ssh session is interrupted.
What would be the difference?
OK, it's working for me, see additional info below
I also don't see any mention of REPLYTO at http:www.gnu.orgsoftwaremailutilsmanualmailutils.html
If your apps are truly standalone  and you need to create a new flow from them Oracle BPM would be the right choice. oSB only expose existing WebServices. Oracle WLI combine WebServices to create a new flow. Oracle BPM, create a new Flow from non webservices. Of course more programming is needed.
Jon: The problem isn't that inheritance exists, the problem is that it exists without multiple inheritance which removes the need for rooted hierarchies and therefore you almost never runs into these problems you're illustrating... Though I agree with your sealed by default approach...
I could but that wouldn't make any sense with my page and is completely unrelated to this problem.
Never thought of using with with a literal, seems legit.
Thanks for the suggestion.
Dan: Interesting supposition -- the fact that it's not obvious means the questioner needs to provide the definitions or examples.  Otherwise the question to too vague to answer.
I don't intend to store passwords, but if a user has to enter their AD name and password into my WinForms app, how does the customer know I am not logging or eaves dropping? Do you invoke some kind of native-Windows logon control?
+1: No reason to downvote a legimate question
I think the the os framework maps Command + S and Command + Q to the correct items.
hi
OP said it was fixed font, like courier new.
Well, MVC can use the same mechanisms that WebForms uses. WebForms uses a form field here, under the hood. You can do the same if you want (and already have, from the looks of the question). You can POST from a link (instead of a button) with JavaScript.
Impersonation within the app. Now, that's an idea ... 
The default is provider-dependent (100 for SqlConnection) and pooling can be configured by parameters in the connection string.  The 3-5 second delay doesn't sound normal, I suggest you try to create a small repro and post code that exhibits this behaviour.
joel: What a great answer! Javier: goto is as pure as you can get, but generally you're better off picking something more restrictive and descriptive.
Thanks Martijn, thats a good suggestion. I want to keep the :hover for non-JS degradation, and for some WebKit transitions.
Nevermind, I see it in kdgregory's answer.
However, if you have any svn questions, I'm sure there'll be plenty of people happy to answer questions - including myself, where I can.
The question doesn't state a specific language, and I only saw the c tag now.
Ah, postfix notation.
Jason - My meaning and how I wrote it were not the same.  I made an edit to that effect.  Thanks for pointing that out.
Try Monaco 9 instead :)
Do you really need to code that (eg. to integrate in some software)? If not, you have already lot of tools. For example http:stackoverflow.comquestions280362 or http:stackoverflow.comquestions24555
Sure. How could I possibly get best answer without ever getting voted up by anybody? Just curious...
Sorry, what's the answer if both are negative?
Wow, yes notepad++ displays the file but not notepad. What does that mean? Is there a way to fix this?
You're site is basically saying You are site.
+1. Great question! Now, I have no clue about the answer, but I'll stay tuned.
> it's actually a logic programming language
You can use it this way but there are some limitations as litb said.
Please do not use screen shots, please show in your text the difference between before and after that concerns you - I can only see SQL output as requested in the code.
Does this work recursivly as well? I don't think it will.
This is a great explanation, and stepping through it I can see how it works. But is foldr1 (const id) really the idiomatic way to do a myLast function? The first example given seems way more clear...
Hence why I asked.  There be a lot of subclasses, though: http:java.sun.comjavase6docsapijavalangException.html
if you want to explicitly instantiate a whole template, you do it with   template class SpecialFooList<int>;
Another great reason why IntelliJ is the best IDE there is, hands down.  (No, I don't work for them, and I don't get paid to say nice things.)
I must admit, I gave up trying to read this question...
Also if your deploying this database to another server, then you have to remember to setup the user accounts properly. (likely to fail). A 'settings' table like Kieran suggests is way more flexible and can open up more effective resource usage. 1 table with 1 row, might as well XML file it.
Cheers. I didn't even notice that you are a fellow Aussie, otherwise I would have used many more colloquialisms. :)
What comes around goes around - who cares about 3 inch floppies these days?
Fantastic! In Windows, the environment variable is USERNAME instead of USER, by the way - by trying both, you cover all the platforms you'd want.
Don't forget Red Hat - bundle and support OS software.
Maybe I'm missing something, but it looks like this section only processes one byte. The return (rets) occurs after iterating over 8 bits in one byte.
Can you clarify this question
UUOC! (Google for it.) =)
1. the Create must always be placed before the tryfinally-free in case of exceptions in the constructor - initializing to nil to prevent this is but an ugly hack. 2. you either pass a non-nil Owner to Create or free the object yourself - never both!
Agreed, still some learners in the process of development though.  Not everyone like you and I can be perfect all the time :)
k .. suppose der is a no 110011000 stored in a string i want to store it in a vector array !! as numbers how to do it
You'll also need to set the frame's size. I've updated my answer.
Exactly. You still need to be aware that deliberate MD5 hash collisions are easy to do. If this is going to be a problem you would be better off using SHA-1 or some other newer hash function that isn't as broken as MD5.
No, they were single quote dates. A full line example is as follows: INSERT INTO ord (TOTAL, SHIPDATE, ORDID, ORDERDATE, CUSTID, COMMPLAN) VALUES ('710', '06-FEB-2002', '615', '01-FEB-2002', '107', '');
Yes, these work with VC6. I've updated my answer.
Constants on the LHS please :)
and I'd go for double-metaphone, it returns 2 codes, one for western sounding, and another for 'foreign' (more slavic IIRC) sounds.
Good idea, asked here: http:stackoverflow.comquestions405116why-is-the-scope-of-if-and-delegates-this-way-in-c
Oh my, in practice... well, maybe I'm just incompetent, but in PHP the gottcha's from misspelling variables are huge time wasters. Especially when you inherit a huge code base which doesn't allow you to turn strict warnings on.
i m using C only so..
life is though. chose one, stick to it.
 is the movement specifier for matched parenthesis, bracket, or brace.  Any movement specification can be paired with d and y (and many other things).
ack, no using in hiding the fact.
Several down votes and not one comment to explain why. This tells a lot about the technical level of many SO users...
PhpMyAdmin says that the field I am trying to get is encoded using utf8bin, and I thought that'd be enough. I'll try your solution, though.
I haven't seen Repeat...Until since BBC BASIC!  VB now has Do...Loop, Repeat...Until and While...Wend should both be removed.
Hmmm...  When I started writing basic on a dumb terminal back in 1979, we didn't have a debugger nor did I have a copypaste, but that doesn't mean I wrote better code back then.
T4 is http:www.hanselman.comblogT4TextTemplateTransformationToolkitCodeGenerationBestKeptVisualStudioSecret.aspx
I've refactored your version a bit more, and came up with this: 
I was going to post a Unicode version that would work for any positive integer, unfortunately it seems to be extremely difficult.
I added info about the show method and relative positioning. Does that help?
Hudson: that's two less characters, actually--great stuff!  I've spent all night trying to get rid of the initial --, with stuff like 4++,++ and I didn't even think of changing the fraction.
Why don't you want to use the httpmodule? It should work with any asp.net framework, be it webforms, monorail or asp.net mvc
Fixed to support kwargs, thanks Kiv
To each his own, I guess.  A relational database table is by definition a heading (i.e. metadata naming the attributes) and a set of tuples matching the heading.  You can focus on the metadata, whereas other folks focus on the tuples.  :-)
Autorun is one of the stupidest things ever invented. ;-)
A code in itself can easily explain HOW it does what it does, but it can't explain WHY something is done - comments can explain that.
Actually I'll get much more than 1 new record per stock per day as I'll start storing every stock trade, perhaps this is still a good advise?
For info, I wasn't trying to say how to do it; I was simply explaining the decorator pattern in the context of the original question.
your code is leaking memory. you should auto release telephoneString before returning it, or use the convenience method stringWithString instead of [[NSString alloc ] initWith..], that way you don't need to worry about releasing.
added a picture cause I simply couldn't picture what you were talking about.  If that wasn't the model you had or you don't like the pic, remove it.  Cheers!
I may still need some convincing. I am very tempted to have this in place in our project. If the entire team is held accountable (and, say, their bonuses depend on the project's success), I see team members motivating and pushing each other to meet the target. But again, that's the happy path.
+1 great answer ;)
ah - replace [a-zA-Z] with [a-zA-Z]+
searching for elements by tag name is faster than searching for elements by class name. form.myForm means you only need to search through a smaller subset of the elements. If you only have a couple of elements, then you're doing two searches and it might be slower, but in real life form.myForm wins.
Thanks for looking, I had seen that page but it didn't lead me in the right direction.
There's nothing in the standard libs. CharSets are intended to be as inclusive as possible (For example, English has 26 letters, not a one with accent marks, but imported words like r sum  can have them). There might be a website for you, but you're probably going to have to roll your own.
Thanks, I do have access to the repository - so I'll give this a shot.
Shouldn't this be made a community wiki?
No worries. Didn't think you were. :) Cheers
Thanks Gordon, works perfectly! Astonishing.  Now as recursive said, I need to make a decision on droppping consistency in favour of efficiency.
Hashing in general is not a bad idea. It's not difficult to implement one if necessary.
The question should not be are assertions good?, but rather, when are assertions good?
Could you maybe provde a code example of how the above would be changed into that?
And therefore the bozo bit must be flipped for some :-D
Note that this really isn't what he needs to know.
As a comment, I've tried TypeMock and it work wonderfully well. But I only use the Isolator for Sharepoint and use Moq for the actual mocking. Great product overall.
this is still looping, no?
I think it would be better to code the whole thing up in Perl. You would probably see a speed boost, from Perl having to recompile the code for each line.
ah, thanks Tanj - editing now.
How exactly does the speed of inlining allow for complexity? -1
Is SQL Server Express Edition an option? Or it's not since it's not really mobile in the truest sense?
I think the answer is good, so +1... I can't stand it when people downvote a reasonable answer without leaving a comment.
That is OK. Negative numbers are not allowed as penalties.
This is exactly what I decided to do - sort the Array (descending for MAX, ascending for MIN), and then grab the first element.
For developers, I would imagine it likely that it will continue for the twenty years. There are some big, multi-million pound apps out there that will require maintenance for long enough to achieve the desired ROI.
I'd say that the Interlocked methods still aren't treating it any differently to how they'd treat any other field - it's just that all fields are handled in a special way by Interlocked.
wow, that just blew my mind ... you found this site already ;)  I work for a state gov and sadly ... vb only shop so I'm stuck wout all the shiny new stuff in C 3.0+
Noted. I did specify that it is not a public class, and the protected method getCallerClass() in java.lang.System is present across all the 1.5+ VMs  I have looked at, including IBM, JRockit and Sun, but your assertion is conservatively sound.
No, ActionScript and JavaScript behave the same - they have to, as they are both compliant with the ECMAScript standard. Neither are early-binding languages, which tend to pop up more in functional programming. I would love to see an early-binding language based around a modern script language.
My read on sed in Vista title is Vista solution only, no other external librariesgnu utilities to import. If this is not what you are after, please edit your question.
amdfan - not strictly speaking, but domains are an important factor in web programming
Pity about the IInterface nomenclature. Perfect otherwise.
I think that one should learn how to walk before he should run. One should learn TortoiseSVN first, then Visual SVN only after mastery of that.
Thank you! I must buy a book or something on LINQ. That was really elegant.
What does it mean by not working?
I've not seen this before, but I'm interested anyway. Can the same behaviour be seen on LinuxSolaris? Did you verify that the 300MB Mem Usage are physical Memory? At least in Linux some of these numbers include mapped files and stuff like this, maybe that's the reason.
This was almost there, so in the spirit of not seeing that annoying red message, I'm marking it best.
I hate to be technical, but closure has more to do with scope - a closure can be created in a couple of different ways, but a closure isn't the means, it is the end.
Salty: look at the test() function - looping a few times will do this to code ;)
The doc I read says: Traditional practice is to measure the costs in units of disk page fetches
The version with `int64t` will give wrong results when both `FMIN` and `pfvalue` are less then zero e.g., FMIN=-1, FMAX=1, (pfvalue)=-0.1; see my answer http:stackoverflow.comquestions427477fastest-way-to-clamp-a-real-fixed-floating-point-value429391
Supposedly it waits for the process to exit.  I'm not sure if you can read before that time or not.  I ultimately did not need the shell output for what I was doing so I didn't explore it fully.  I do know that running under windows trying to do the same thing I had timing issues
The client is in charge of saving their own session id, and this will be retrieved from a cache on the server side when a new request comes in.
Thanks.  Ironically, I'm working through the problems in a book that explains how references work in C++.  I guess I need to read some more.  :)
i guess that's it. triggers would be of good use here now. thanks for the answers.
Isn't there some other web site this could go on? Doesn't jQuery have such a catalogue?
+1 to this.  It seems like such a pain when you're committing.  But a repo full of atomic commits is priceless when you're reviewing old code.
Virtualization was implemented on VMCMS in 1972.  What do you mean by the modular PC?
This is very optimistic of your part. I fervently hope that this will not be the case because it's ultimately stupid and just means that future browser versions have to carry around more and more useless ballast.
That may not be a good idea for all things. Some distributions may have modified the original for their distribution. It may be a better idea to use the package management software that comes with you system (Package management can get source as well as binaries) See 'Saua' below.
The euro sign is working with ISO-8859-1 as well.
Rather than creating the SqlConnection in the method, might try creating it outside the methods then passing it into the method. That way you can use the same SqlConnection in multiple calls, very useful when it is a transaction.
so if you use Nelson's technique (also Crockford's if I'm not mistaken), you can have private members, but have potential memory issues, if you use Tryiptych's, you avoid the memory problems, have some additional niceties (being able to extendmodify the prototype without), but lose your privates?
>>but if the ordinal position of the column is significant, your data is not normalized 
Nope. I've never used RIGHT OUTER JOIN myself :D.
Not duplicated and actually a good question.
I have a bookmarklet that will show you the in memory source of the document, not what the source of the file is...not sure what you mean for 2
I did download it but i got a blank DOS screen and then it disappeared?
this is true (+1) but comes with serious health warnings - making something class=somequality 10 is completely unacceptable and way too common. Best practice: class is an OO construct so think in OO terms when you use it.
textmate over xcode for obj-c development? i disagree. xcode is awesome. and it's free ;)
That's a good point -- auto-generating sql can lead to poorly optimized queries.  ORMs suffer from that.  But you don't want to write a special thing every little select a from b, either. There must be a middle ground - perhaps both approaches, auto- being the default, with ability to override.
Yo dawg, we heard you liked virtualization.
This is a typo right? Should this not have been written Gave up...
Several months ago, yeah. But I thought that since then someone might have done work on combining Themeroller UIs and generated dialogs, and be willing to share.
MetroidFan2002, ve r prgrmurz, we r'nt suppozed to bee able to spell. ;)
Dunno.  I was on some relevant mailing list while it was taking place.
I'm not sure how wrapping even factors into this question. If you need things to wrap, use the appropriate container. A StackPanel is not the appropriate container for wrapping.
Care to elaborate? If it's in the standard, supported by the standards-compliant crowd (FF, WebKit,  ), and supported by the non-compliant gorilla, what makes it brittle?
Good call on GetConstructor(), that does work. I find it strange considering that the GetConstructor call looks very similar to one of the Activator.CreateInstance() overloads.
Thank you. That worked great. I added the installer class - went to properties and added a dependency to MSSQLSERVER service. Seems to work. Wonder if the service name is going stay the same for SQL server 2005, 2008..
This page doesn't seem to work in Opera. Maybe a better link would be: http:www.djangobook.comaboutcomments
cdleary: I think that the response to with does not have to reflect ACTUAL resource use, but only resource-like.  All the  Data Compression and File Format library modules should do this for simple consistency.
hahaha!  the funny thing is you can just embed a google search box on your blog, so she may even think google is nothing but a blog!
Good point. I always use SCHEMABINDING which does not allow this
I'd rather not set up samba since it's an extra step the rest of the class won't use. Also I trust SSH more then Samba and the campus network isn't what I'd call secure considering how many students are on it with personal computers running god knows what.
Thanks.  I figured it was mostly related to the actual content, but didn't have the information to be sure.
Please, God - there's got to be a way to set that up visually. :)
Unfortunately it uses some other classes and interfaces, but I think you'll be able to modify it to suit your needs.
You are thinking deterministic finite state machine! The OP probably meant a non-deterministic finite state machine where using sets for the current states and the accepted states makes a lot more sense.
YYYY-MM-DD can also be easily sorted.
It unportable and I can not see the gains in any way.
I meant from a winapp (actually the scenario is developing a custom installer that wants to check the version of the installed IIS to call the appropriate api's)
Are you trying to avoid programming all together?
Never use identity to pull the new id, you can get incorrect results and mess up data integrity. Use scopeidentity() instead.
Oops, so the magic words were already in an answer. Missed that :)
You are correct. When it's complicated and straight SQL doesn't perform and temp tables do, what are you going to do?
Or you could just use django.core.contextprocessors.media, which is built in and does the same thing.
-1. He wants a portable utility for blog management that will export static HTML to a remote FTP, not a portable web server.
plzsendthecodez legit??
oohh , yeap I have just seen that part... let me try other thing.
+1 robots.txt will not get the job done if the spider is malicious. You will need to block them at the firewall by IP or user agent string, but unfortunately (as you noted) this can be quite difficult to keep up with.
If you get to the scale where sessions don't work for you, you won't be looking for a shared host
If you have a static IP, why would you use DynDNS? Either your IP is static or it's dynamic...
check redsquare's answer - he explained it in more details
pinvoke.net is down at the moment :( This sounds pretty cool, I'd like to try it myself.
Dustin, looks like First() pulls the first value from a dataset. Am I to assume that the first value returned looks similar to the <column1 xsi:nil=true > pattern?
I was scratching my head as well... Balancing.
see also this question: http:stackoverflow.comquestions261177using-friend-declarations-for-unit-testing-bad-idea for a discussion of a similar practice
We solved this by using mock sessionrequest objects in the JUnit context instead, so we have requestsession scope avilable. Would these two solutions be functionally equivalent ?  (Could probably be used in the quartz scope too ...)
+1 Obviously, when you're deploying your changes, there will be some period of time where production and staging need to go out of sync.  Unless, of course, you deploy your changes to both at the same time, which completely defeats the purpose of having a staging environment.
I was nitpicking with this statement: But, as you've noted, clone is a protected method, meaning that only if your object was in the same package of java.lang would it be able to access the OBJECT's clone method. On the face of it, that sounds wrong. But let me reconsider for a bit...
Seems risky since the table name might be a substring of other objects (columns, etc)
I mean, is there more value to do it assembly versus C ? See http:stackoverflow.comquestions452139writing-firmware-assembly-or-high-level
The thing with the square brackets is PHP's invention, not any kind of web standard. Other languages and form-reading libraries have different mechanisms for accessing multiple submissions with the same name, not necessarily involving changing the name like this.
That'd be my suggestion too. If you're using TortoiseCVS or TortoiseSVN, just right-click on the file and check the Ignore option in the Tortoise menu.
`getclass = lambda name: reduce(getattr, name.split('.')[1:], import(name.partition('.')[0]))`. Though 'object.fromname' might be a better name. Examples: getclass('decimal.Decimal'), getclass(modulename).
Steve: +1 insightful
I couldnt get that to work any other ideas?
Hi Thanks for the reply.  It works perfectly when I remove the ifelse statement.  But how could the code display 'invalid vendor' when wrong data is entered? Could you ammend the code?
+1, never thought about the validation angle
I have looked it up, and A-z is exactly the same as A-Za-z. So my answer is correct and more concise. However, as your regex is correct now as well, I have removed my downvote.
Using the regex given above for 1-length it is not allowing hyphen.Can you check it please
Yeah that was true. I finally figure that out (hit and trial). Anyway thanks for your answer.
(cont'd) If on the other hand the typical scenario is that the second timer will not be executed then this is not what I would consider iterative, and setTimeout will be more appropriate.
No, not the constructor.  How about a filter attribute?
Thanks I just learned something new
Not a problem!, I'll use this altered version myself, thanks.
Thanks for recommending this book
Just because Oracle implemented it that way doesn't make it correct.
This does not help at all! I'm still stuck with this indent problem on the windows computer at work. (I miss gg=G)
I don't mean to be annoying (there's another word for that too) but wasn't there a rule that stated that you should try and document yourself BEFORE posting a question on Stackoverflow?!
I don't know JNI, but probably it's a good idea to have a look at boost::sharedptr<> (see http:boost.org). This gives you reference counted pointers that automatically release the objects if they are no longer referenced anywhere.
http:www.collaboration-world.comcgi-binprojectdescription.cgi?pid=3 Pantomime.framework is LGPL.
To make this clear: you want all the rows, e.g. 100, 101, 102 ... 139 and this for all current rows?
Protected has package access, see the other responses here as well as the link.
I would certainly not use the terseness of a solution as any quality-criteria of any code though. Good use of standard libraries, tested, good memory and time performance, those are quality factors, not the number of characters in the code. Example: while (t++ = s++);
By a couple of milliseconds (compilation) you're correct.
Hmmm... ok, but it sounds like a strange architecture if you don't care which active session ID you are passing to the proc.
A minor point, but I would use xrange() instead of range(), since you don't need to create the list of integers:
You are absolutely right... that was a bad habit from the pre-Rest times...
Yes, thanks for adding the forgotten attribute in the code snippet Joel.
Pax: I agree, some part may be done in Python :)
I upgraded in about 2 minutes, pulled out LiveQuery and used the new framework specific feature for it.  No problems for me yet.
You think that's bad, .Net lets you use as many files as you want, through the magic of partial classes.  Web pages classes by default have 3 files.
Thanks Christoph, it now works perfectly
Invalid States lead to exceptions in my experience.
In CVS revision numbers are not tags, there is no relation between different files.
That is what I'm using, and I get that exception.
Missed that, sorry. For that I would write a C program to open the file, get all matches of a regex .ERROR.n, then regex.Split(ERROR) and use a HashTable to count the occurences of errors.
Found the answer: use the -resource flag when running mcs.
AspectJ is really the easiest way to do it - it's just not pure Java anymore.
Thanks! Your reply was really helpful!
Which is originally what C was written for on UNIX...
Why do you feel that you need this?
I suspect classic regexs are unsuitable for parsing nested C++ template definitions.
Yes, I don't want any cyrillic or Chinese characters, I just need the common Win-1252 symbols out (like     ). And it works.
Though it might be just semantics, ungetc allows you to push back a character after reading it so that it's re-read by the next read call.  That's not the same as peeking, which implies a read without consumption.
You could consider the edges are what I call obstacles. It shouldn't really make a difference. However, your clarification reveals that it could be a maze, so I hope someone will answer my question to gs soon.
Hosam - I'll update with an explanation.
Kim: interesting semi-comment.  If the halting problem doesn't show that there is a class of programs that can't be proven to halt, what does it show?
Someone might correct me on this, but aren't class membersproperties also stored on the heap? e.g. person.Age = 30; is on the heap
yes dequeueDataMethod writes to test.txt and calculateAndEnqueueData writes to test2.txt.
Thank you for the endorsement! =)
Your input is appreciated.
That's their aim.  Accessors encapsulate the inner workings of the object from the outside.
It's ok Mark, people who need help writing queries seldom can ask correctly.
That's okay, thanks for the initial answer :)
I haven't gotten it work.  I'm guessing the only way is to create a desktop app.
That makes me wonder why I would use Linq->Sql over Ado.NET + Linq. I figured Linq->Sql would support ORM, not doing so feels like a step back.
columns are seperated with space
It's picking up the words smtp after the X400 address.
Sorry to offend, but you asked the question why isn't this more common, not in this particular case, is there a reason this technique isn't used. And in the general case, you're creating a second thread to handle a sequential operation.
Are you confined to a particular version of Flash or ActionScript?  ActionScript 2?  Or can you use 3?
I just like the fact that YUI has a fully supported library, while jQ relies on 3rd party developers (might not be a bad thing, just more comfortable that way), but what gets me is that since MS is shipping with jQ might as well go with jQ...bah!
gnovice: It'd be just as crowded - we'd just assume it was less crowded. Although the ability to wipe someone off the face of the earth by merely assuming they were dead could be occasionally useful.
So that I can checkmark it as the answer, dummy!
This question is unclear, and the title isn't a question.
Yes, you are almost right, but external scripts included using a <script src=...> are not executed.
This solution fails when there are duplicates:  1, 1, 1 =  1, 1, 1 returns false. It also doesn't take ordering into account:  1, 2 != 2, 1 returns true.
Vojislav: This is not typical optimization. LinkedHashMap doesn't move entries towards beginning in buckets, it just remembers when was each entry used, and moves entry to beginning of 'recently used entries' list. This affects only iteration order, not lookup speed of next searches.
i made your code readable for you...
Aaaaah. Thank you!! This reeaally bugged me, haha. You were absolutely correct. the cancel button had its dialogresult set to cancel, but the other one didn't. Didn't think of that dialogresult property at all... oh well. Thank you again :)
This question is phrased in an exceedingly confusing manner.
http:msdn.microsoft.comen-uslibraryaa645765(VS.71).aspx
good to know, thanks!
+1, and HtmlTextWriter has a bunch of extra methods to help you make sure you output properly formed HTML.
Yep...I found that a few things that were built for 2.5 just work with 2.6.
You most certainly didn't read my question properly; I clearly stated that I was considering using this method on a Web site for a precise reason. Why in the world would I be looking for a Firefox-only tool that doesn't even do what I was inquiring about in the first place?
See also this follow-up question: http:stackoverflow.comquestions487485are-hard-coded-strings-ever-acceptable
If caching's ever a problem when it comes to remote includes, most browsers will kindly reconsider if you just pass a timestamp into the URL...
Monkey : understanding exploits is necessary to protect against them, and the best way to understand is by writing an exploit for targeting your own software, which is completely legitimate.
Enough already, just learn it!
Your code will crash !! you forgot break
Benjol: is the answer from Brian not correct? It seems ok based on a quick once over
Can't agree more with SnOrfus - superb book.
I actually had someone else pass me their own version and this seems like the closest thing to the correct answer.
While using mysqlerror() i got the error for a 2.83M file - MySQL server has gone away, is there any way i can change the packet size on my shared hosting site? like adding a variable declaration to some files?
Nice. The thing I really like about this is that any included files appear as links in the source, making it very easy to navigate through complicated source code.
You can't always add hints to your queries: think of products like Siebel CRM or Hibernate.
Have you confirmed that the date is being updated in your Rails app, and that the date is in the correct format for your database?
Thanks tvanfosson! My job working with DirectoryServices ended with .NET 2.0. I'm working in a different area now and did not look at what was new in 3.5.
disclosure http:bustingseams.blogspot.com200709how-i-revived-semicolon.html
That's awesome, can I come work at your place?
Simon: We can't just push out releases whenever we feel like it - we have to coordinate with a number of people. We're working on getting something out, quite soon, but it might be a little bit.
If it's a complied project, you won't be able to search the VBA code.
Incorrect.  When the GC does eventually get around to freeing memory, if the object is IDisposable, the GC will dispose it.  You just have no guarantee as to when that happens, unless the line after brushQ.Clear();  is GC.Collect();.
Yes, Please expand upon why you shouldn't test the GUI.
Up-vote per the clarification.
He did mention Excel so I assume he uses Windows.  And when people use Microsoft SQL Server, I have found it's about 50 likely that they tag the question simply sql.
All I want to do is get to the next month from the current month. I don't care about the days, I just need the month to be accurate.
Your confusing Managed C++ with regular C++.  Newer versions of VS still support regular C++ and are much more standards compliant.  6.0 is very old and out of date.  And no, MFC is horrible too.  <i>looks around to see when he said anything about MFC<i>
Wow, that's really quite useful!  kliketa: doesn't matter how old it is, the underlying COM protocol is still the same.  http:disphelper.cvs.sourceforge.netviewvcdisphelperdisphelpersamplescexcel.c?view=markup will still work just fine on the latest Windows and Office versions.
Jon B, that is addressed in the FAQ, under Including the decompressor size encourages obfuscation.
This is exactly what I need!
C libraries which require manual cleanup are trivially wrapped in RAII classes. This puts all cleanup logic in one place, the dtor of the wrapper. No finally needed here, either. In fact, many C++ OS wrappers like wxWidgets, Qt or even ATL do this with the native C API's to the OS.
but when no using a webservice the image shows correctly.
thanks, see the latest change in the question.
Dude. He asked whether a global or singleton would be better to HOLD A CONNECTION STRING. I can't imagine how adding a configuration service, along with its own useless interface, for a total of two additional layers of complexity could possibly be the right way to store a string. -1.
Agreed, internal HTTP requests are almost certainly a code smell... aside from the HTTP proxy like apache or the load balancer. :)
I am using the GUI Designer and it tells me when I try to do '-' that 'Cannot add ToolStripSeparator to MenuStrip'
I thought about that.  Thing is, if they have different hash codes, that's great, but if they don't, that's often fine, too (and in practice, always unavoidable).  Hash collisions just make searches a tad longer, whereas the other case is an honest-to-god failure.
Yes this is micro-optimization. However, I think knowing how something behaves in the language is important knowledge and this behaved very differently from what I expected (I expected the same performance or negligible difference).
you forgot to change the x in the function to var. ;)
any chance you could post I link to your live web page, would help to interact. Seems like a caching issue but not sure how you are handling the database stuff
Hey, check out my post below... I said this, just in 50x times as many words ;)
Just for the record: in Python, a class object is an instance of either classobj (old-style classes) or type (new style classes).
Cool, I'll look into that.
You can create a NameValueCollection from the query string itself by using the HttpUtility.ParseQueryString method. Then you might be able to use this method
Also, tyvm for the bounty even though I only got you half-way there.
RussellH: you're confusing Open Source and Free (as in Freedom) Software. Your comment, in fact, illustrates precisely why the distinction is important. But anyway, Firefox is better than Internet Explorer and Safari, and it's more important to users than Windows vs MacOS vs Linux.
Any framework yes. Indeed, pretty much any language or library. The Gunderloy post was actually what crystallised the question for me.
Don't you mean your successor thanks me?
This gets asked pretty regularly:  http:stackoverflow.comquestions68282why-do-you-need-explicitly-have-the-self-argument-into-a-python-method
Actually, there are places in VB where you can all the constructor that you can't in C. That's the reason he got this error. See my post below for details.
Please dont post the same question multiple times. Either close this question or the other one. Thanks!!
i also wanted to raise awareness of the problem becuause its important to understand the problem. in fact even if you DO understand the problem you're going to mess up sometime by mistake - hence the jQuery dupe detector function. but yes definitely shouldn't be 'afraid' of over descriptive names
Nice, and by limiting examsclasses to one per year, I can get some interesting dependencies.
no, that sounds like a fine way of doing it.  Just like you have already noticed, make sure you check and make sure everything is created and ready to go before you issue a call and things like that.  you also might want to load your wsdl in the constructor of the separate class.
Also for interfacing with the outside. If your user requests a buffer, then it gets a buffer, not a smart pointer.
Maybe I misunderstood his question, but wasn't it about checking other tabs than the one the javascript is running in?
Great! Thank you. I understand that the '' is a bitwise OR, but how does it allow me to pass all of those options? I may make a separate question about this.
it looks that Java has the same behavior for int overflow that C. I think I was expecting the compiler to convert it (int to long) for me. It's the kind of code that look pretty simple (and it is)...I just have to pay more attention.
if you set the OptimizedDoubleBuffer flag you must also set the UserDraw flag. Have you tried that?
Are you sure vector does a lazy copy.  I wasn't aware of that and a little googling seems to indicate it doesn't.  Although I could be entirely wrong.  I don't work with the STL much.
I am very interested in how you encrypt the querystring value. I have never did this before. Could you recommend me some sample codes to learn?
Kibbee, you are correct, thats what im attempting to do.
I learned that from your book :-)
I'm trying to use a .png image instead of a plain marker, and yes, I'm doing this on a Basemap-generated map.
Right.  So when you are writing a custom control, how do you replicate what is going by setting a Content property or adding an element as a child in a Children collection?
SWMonkey, I said to turn off JIT since it's likely to compile the two pieces of code differently. Better to have it removed from the equation altogether.
Dimi - Please read this article: Don't say click here - http:www.w3.orgQATipsnoClickHere
I don't think you have to remove and re-add the bindings to upgrade to a newer TFS. The 2008 client fully replaces the 2005 client and works in VS 2005 and 2008 for old and new servers.
http:darkviews.wordpress.comtagtdd There are a couple of related posts which you will under the tag testing.
Being based on the philosophy of Korn is by no means the same thing as being a version of korn.
The problem if I do this (`AudioQueueBufferRef buffers[3]` in the interface, `property(assign) AudioQueueBufferRef buffers` in the header, and `synthesize buffers` in the implementation) is that it tells me: error: type of property 'buffers' does not match type of ivar 'buffers'
You might look at Meszaros' book on xUnit Test Patterns and other references.  There are some common techniques for these problems, for example you could make the methods protected and then inherit for your test, or if in .NET you could make them internal and grant access to your test assembly.
This only works if there is one single separator. You may need to employ some regex magic.
Thanks! There was only a small error with subItem.MouseClick, but i changed it to subItem.MouseDown instead. But it's working now so thank you very much! I'm marking this post as the correct answer.
And another possible answer is: If you enter by the left-hand door, you won't have to climb over the gear shift or other apparatus in the middle of the car.  Logically a car could have just one door.  A good answer explains why more than one is useful.
Depends on your users, not all of them have the latest smartphone and are in an area with 3G. Texting the next bus arrival time might be better than sending them to your flash website
Zend is also a framework of many different packages.  And that's kinda my point: your knowledge of PHP is sketchy (it seems) so suggesting Python (something I presume you know more about based on your answer) doesn't really help.
While the bolded point is important, reading The C Programming Language should almost be required reading for programmers. The goal not being to learn C but to encounter a well-written book about programming in general. K&R is what all programming books should aspire to.
You beat me to it. :-)  This book will serve you well, and it covers several different versions of Make. Buy it; you won't regret doing so.
Mitch Wheat, This is the standard practise. It's not fool proof but this is the accepted way of approaching the problem. Analytics suites count UUs based on the same. If you have any suggestions short of having the user register as your answer suggests, I'd like to hear about it.
This is the exact solution I was going to suggest, especially the automatic throttling. You could roll your own, just relies on some regular to advanced signal analysis.
that you need to be in a WiFi know to Google, I think the idea is not having a GPS feature and be ONLY inHouse, so, they will need to create routes and percentages of all routers and use that as input for the application in order to calculate the exact position at the univ. right?
And an include does contribute to future maintainability, even though not as much as other solutions: frameworks, CMS, etc. It's definitely easier to change the content of menu.php to change your menu than go through 30 static pages.
Who mentioned variables? The class  property names form part of the metadata for a WSDL-based web service. The names chosen are valid (if unfortunate) - if anything the flex binder is substandard...
Hi Keith - thanks for your response.  I added an example into the question.  Hope that helps but let me know if you need more info.
So how do I load a collection of acts without using let?
Thank you, I have also found a nice article exactly about this - initialization in Java, here: http:www.javaworld.comjavaworldjw-03-1998jw-03-initialization.html?page=1
`jobs -p` is giving PIDs of subprocesses that are in execution state. It will skip a process if the process finishes before `jobs -p` is called.
BTW this is a code I copied from www.foliostars.net and I modified it... so I dont really understand jQuery...
I kept the database and the docs folder, but now my Dreamweaver won't open the server anymore with the new install.
It's well worth reading a comment from python's dictionary source file; I've already posted it in a stackoverflow post about the best comment you've ever seen: http:is.gdiSyN
Tommy: I'm not actually trying to use C++ as a component language, I just want to split up my project into separate DLLs to reduce compilation and link times for development. GCC 3 is my vendor here, and it's not doing it's job, because it creates broken DLLs on Windows.
lol the war against crackers is stopping our white-hats to learn the trade. Maybe the criminals will go away when we don't know how they do it? ;)
I guess I should ask a new question.
I tried ordering by RowIndex but it wasn't working. I ll give it another shot.
You might want to edit the name of your question. Arrray is mispelled, and the question name is far more generic than the actual question.
I long ago built my own LinkUri class that can tear apart urls, build them off of keyvalue, and .tostring() them into URLs again.  Basically, it does what you wish UriBuilder did.  Took a morning to put together 4 years ago, and I use it every single day.
Can you post the source?
Do you know how to turn off justified alignment?
So an example might be trying to draw a rectangle on a window in a picture?
Like you indicated the problem seems to be the XHTML DTD.
if he made sure the VolatileDouble is immutable he shouldn't have problems, correct?
Thanks for the link.  I do currently have resource files but even if i made the effort to place all the paths for the images into a resource file it still would not solve the issue i have regarding messy markup and codebehind.
Actually, fails anyway.  Bug in capistron flipping the 's around to 's and causing svn to fail on the export (though they are the correct way around for svn in the -info call.  go figure)
yes it's from project euler. that's why i tagged it as such. but no, i am not trying to speed it up. run it, it's very fast. i want to make my brain think recursively and this is helpful to that end.
I don't believe this should be a community wiki.
Sorry for yanking the accept but Greg Beech gave a better answer
2 of the bigger ones were implemented by frequent stackoverflow users.
The way I remember nesting list comprehensions correctly is that left to right corresponds to shallow to deep in the equivalent nested loop. So to rewrite your loop as a nested comprehension, the outermost loop comes first, then the inner loop. Hope that made some sense :)
yerp building support for all cascading and will chuck in validations and lazy loading for good measure
do you need to actually print the paths? or is simply printing the total paths good enough? also is there an upper bound on n?
A json string should always be tested against the json grammar before using it in eval(). So the json string foo:alert('XSS') would not pass since  alert('XSS')  is not a proper value.
The separation of committing from publishing in Git is IMHO advantage rather than disadvantage.
+1 for reading through the question and offering some advice...
No worries, I have all the REP I need. One last idea: could your destination table actually be a viewquery?
Thanks - those both look like what I'm interested in - deeper knowledge of the theory..
It's quite possible to play soundsmusic without using XACT, and can be much simpler too if you don't need XACT's features.  You can load many audio formats (WAV, MP3, WMA just to name a few) via Content.Load() directly, using the classes Audio.SoundEffect andor Media.Song to manage them. :)
Linq is not syntactic sugar.  the compiler doesn't translate anything INTO lambda expressions.  No one said anything about generating SQL in the question. -1
No problem, glad to help. Didn't mean to be mean about the .each block -- these are fundamental ruby constructs and learning them on the fly will be really, really painful. :) Best to bite the bullet and spend a few hours reading!
Indeed. It is very convenient to let the framework take care of things like data rountripping, but not owning the code makes it easy to forget about how it's managed. Some cool things are on the way in this space in the next few months. Keep an eye out and have fun!
sblundy - but you have the potential for different hardware components to be kept busy simultaneously.
Allain: you can only know if something is negligible or not after benchmarking your application; might be `chop()` will be called millions of times, meaning millions of unnecesarry function objects have to be created (and garbage collected)
Well... good point... I guess they will get tired of having to open a new PP account every day at some point. 
Dang, the backslash escape thing just got me when I posted that :) I had to put ( to get it right
You're happy to explain finger-trees with a handy white-paper but string joining baffles you? Do I really need to explain how join relates to string? If you know XSLT as you claim how is it you don't understand optional params? My answer would benefit from you not being here.
well i scraped that window class and started over...but i am getting errors with:
Good point about reading the actual interface requirements -- otherwise you'll never know for sure that you're handling everything that an allocator is supposed to do.
When I run the code with size 224, it throws exception of stackoverflow, so I decided to reduce array size to 43.  I comment out the rest of contents of the array also the functions that represent each array contents, and it works.  No exception throwing.
I do use Resharper too...so even suggestions for doing it that way would help
You're right, the STAThread attribute has no effect on that method. I hadn't known why until now..
Thanks for that Marc, some food for thought
I should have seen your other response. I guess I was just too keen to post about the Cassini possibility. Moving from Cassini to IIS6 and finding this doesn't work was one of my biggest doh moments ever.
Tom, this user is an AD user, right?
Hi, I got this as error: System.Net.ProtocolViolationException was unhandled
ok, sorry, it is probably the insert instead of the add.
Thanks. That makes a certain amount of sense. So presumably I need to implement the functionality of shifting an item from one column to another myself? I don't think the Table Drag and Drop JQuery plugin does what I need. And presumably also I need to make each cell in the table draggable?
I forgot to mention that I have already tried unset DISPLAY in the stop file. The startup fie is run when the environment is brought up and the stop file is run when the environment is brought down. 
Thank you so much! I've been pulling my hair out trying to figure this out, reading books, code examples, etc. and nothing was suitable to my scenario. Your timeLayouts query will serve me well for pretty much the entire SOAP service.
I would suggest fixing the DNS problem and not rely on hard-coding IP addresses into the code. Depending on your hosting situation, you may be bypassing some load-balancing or fault-tolerant routing configuration. Also, it will be easier to make changes in the future or even be host-independent.
Did this solve your problem? If it did, please accept this is your answer.
Consider Amazon Web Services. You must register to obtain a client key and a secret key. You use the secret key to sign AWS requests and specify the client key in the clear. AWS queries the secret key associated with the client key you specified, signs the request. If signatures match, you're OK.
Good point - I'd say, go with Robin Day's suggestion of a temporary table to hold the short and long name you wish you select, and then do a JOIN from your Logs table to that temporary table.
Thanks - have the printer open and print it is the tricky part. Looks like PictBridge will allow this, that's the solution we are researching now.
Sorry, I should have probably not used this expression, it could well be culture-specific. I remember some birds have ther youngs with their beak inners of the yellowish color until they mature a little bit. :)
validate will do the same as pack.
Don't forget to reset your count after opening the new file...
totally missed the SatSun thing, tah
Wouldn't it just be easier to go and test this?
This makes me think that ORM's are clever enough that they could make scaling easier in some circumstances and have the flexibility to be customised. Should the be the default option when building a site you are intending to have to scale?
Can you remote onto the biztalk box and see if this server can connect to the using SQL toolsDSN?
I have explained the first of the two problems reported by the OP and provided a solution to it. Please, hold on for a few minutes while the second problem is treated in the context of <xsl:strip-space>
ypnos I'd say Twitter is a quite good example where fluid design wouldn't work well, unless it's accompanied by automatic multi-column layout. Even then it'll look worse than the current design.
Agreed, I just started using it a couple days ago and got my environment up and running in less than an Hour (Wicket + Wicket-Spring + Hibernate).  I'm in love.
The little squiggle went away, I'm guessing maybe this will work.
Ates: Do you have a problem with me editing your answer to add my questions there? The comments are a bit limiting...
Java doesn't have a Functor interface?  LOL.
It really doesn't work in opera? Oo
I agree it is quite slick, although the reliance on XML is a little distrubing but if works well enough without killing performance its a good solution.
fiddle, fiddle Why, it does the Right Thing, of course! ;-)
Rob: I cant work without a paper next to me. Thanks for the explanation.
Nice video.  What software did you use to put that together?
delete this is typically considered very bad form for many reasons. i think that is why well designed ref-counted classes do not use delete this; . they use the handlebody idiom. in my opinion, using delete this is almost always a bad idea. (well, i don't know any reason - but im being careful)
unwesen, do you feel that preserving the history of something does not belong to the domain of version control?
I use ConceptDraw MINDMAP 5.  Excellent for mapping out ideas
disagree. They have solved the problem once. Now the product managers can add buttons, change text, etc. without bothering the developers. Using an image requires major effort every time anything changes.
until someone at Google maliciously messes with the jquery file or google DNS ... ;-) probably not going to work if you're a bank but everyone else should go for it
David Schmitt - well, [Serializable] is an exception because it is handled by the compiler, not the runtime (it is a CLI flag). Most of System.ComponentModel would do, as would any of the serializers.
I'm using sql server 2005 currently but we are looking to move to 2008 eventually.
Also a note on the above. If I have 10000 random values, but the same random values each time. Then it will cover lots of cases where you didn't think of those tests and got them by accident, but it will be the same accident each time.
The created column is a good idea.  We'll need it to display how many days their listing has left.
As a shorthand you could do (function()...);
Looks interesting. If I need to improve the performance further, then I will most definitely look into it.
No - c copy(this); is identical to c copy = this; (provided that this is of type c) both invoke the copy constructor.  c copy; copy = this; invokes the default constructor and then the assignment operator.
Is it the DI Framework that provides the advantage here or coding to interfaces?  I think using interfaces is a no-brainer, but whether one needs a DI Framework in support I'm still a little unsure of
Surely normal logging wouldnt work then - he's proved that the config isnt the issue?
Why the downmod? Not angry, would just like to know.
You think this guy's going to learn GIT just to post 154 lines of source code? Ha!
ooooh, so I should complain to all the projects that do this?  I just recently installed somethign that wouldn't install until I clicked I agree when it displayed the GPL license.  I suppose they're just using the default license dialog in their installer.
Good find on the approval starter kit, thanks...not sure how I missed that. +1
heh, I was just writing that - will test it now
OK, I'll dive into the code and see what's going on. I'll post up relevant chunks if I can. TBC. Thanks
I think this is probably the answer to my whole set of problems surrounding custom widgets.  I was also getting into a situation where the gui tools wouldnt render many of my custom widgets, most likely cuz neither my constructor nor init calls were correct.  I'll check it out when i get home... thx
no real choice - I think there is.  This class shouldn't be static.  copy the class whole sale is not DRY.
Andrew: IME, that doesn't work nearly as well as subclassing for models, except in the (relatively rare) bare-bones scaffoldy CRUD case.
Thank you for your answers. My current solution does what a lot of you recommended, it messes around with the HTML.
SVN has implemented merge tracking in the latest (1.5) release.  Is that the same as mergepoints?  Sounds like it is.  Merging is much easier now...
Not sure if you're taking the mickey there, Bill :-) It's a repost of someones question as I would have written it, hopefully to educate them. Which is why I wiki'd it - no rep-whoring for me.
That would be Awesome!
As mentioned below, I'd suggest the MAC address from one of the network cards.
at least, yo uare a correctable idiot ;) 
I think it is a default properties, at least for Eclipse WTP...
No point in this! The question assumes you already have this list! And gcc doesn't come with a -Wjustfixit option.
Also you may need to cast that field value to a string using CStr().
thanks, that makes sense. Just one thing, what exactly is a run time layer ? Not being pedantic, genuinely don't know!
Thanks, Oleg. I installed the VS2008 SDK and now I can reference the assembly. By the way, your blog has been a great resource to me for T4. I really appreciate all your work!
this was the kind of trick I was thinking about, nice one ;)
Ah, I see that you are using hash tables in javascript. It looked like an array the first time I saw it :) Thanks
This will let you treat the types uniformly in your code, but this won't let you pass the FedEx.Rate.Address to the FedEx.Ship service.
Juan, See my reply below!
I've gotten caught by your fourth bullet once or twice before.  ><  Note: [u]intptrt <stdint.h> must at least be the size of a pointer.
Thanks MrTopf - hey remember me... we met at Plone conf or was it pycon all those years ago? Thanks.
I guess I should point out, I had moved on to int?[] in which case I ended up serializing 1,2,3,4,null and getting 1,2,3,4 back
But why is base.OnLoad(e) not calling the Load event of the base class?
Also, you don't need to do `.each` in this case, you can just do `.addClass` directly.  jQuery will apply all commands to the entire set of matched elements.
Ah, you're right. The one allocating the struct still needs to figure out how much to allocate, though, so it's still nice to have an easy way to calculate it.
global-ignores is also a much better way to deal with the problem than pre-commit hooks. Though the real solution is to smack your developers with a clue by four untill they learn. See http:sirhc.usjournal20070727oscon-2007-subversion-worst-practices
ThePony, In case you have e.g. a const Line.  Google const correctness for C++.  It's a topic which is often misunderstood by new C++ programmers.
Sounds great, how to I get the root element of the window dynamically, e.g. window.LayoutRoot, window.RootElement, window.Children[0]... what is the syntax?
thanks for the pointer. fixed 8 a little. :)
FYI - Catergory is spelled Category :)  (I realize this doesn't help your problem, but I had to mention it!
I can't tell you 'why' Internet Explorer does this. 
Or, I should say, have mechanical or electrical interlocks that prevent the possibility of the software causing a life threatening problem.  They do, of course, have many protections in all realms (code, mechanical, electrical) but the software is still critically capable of harm.
wow, this is definitely the answer. nice post!
...also, I should be saying class instead of object.
This is why one of the requirements is the ability to abstract it away, that why is something isn't working right we can code it ourselves.
Oh I did not realize that turning on community wiki makes me not eligible for rep gain. :(
But by doing so, you can make the logic extremely complicated? Is that an anti-pattern?
Wouldn't that be illegal?
http:en.wikipedia.orgwikiUnix-like
He never mentionned anything about paperboy home locations and this doesn't address any of the key challenges to his problem (generating the clusters).
Yeah there is definately this incorrect assumption that once you use an ORM you're A) stuck with the SQL it makes and B) that SQL is bad.  On both counts it's a bit of misinformation.  If the query is bad, make your own and move on.
Wow. I was certain of it until now, many many many thanks!
I wasn't asking about the license terms, just about the ease of use.
This option sounds the most promising so far... but I need to do more than just stop, start, and pause the service. I need to be able to send the service specific commands to make it do other stuff, and send commands to retrieve data from the service...
This is while I am actively developingdebugging.
I still don't get the point: you want a library to save you 6 lines of code?  Libraries are high cost in Javascript (whereas in CJava you seem to have them just cos you can).  I can't say I've ever needed to write around advice in Javascript either.
The security issue is valid. Any company that takes security even remotely seriously will have multiple layers of protection and the robustness and built in security of the OS is going to be play a role in this, arguably, not the most important one but overlooking it alltogether would be a mistake.
I don't know Perl, but am hoping that
I'm using (trying) IN because the membersin col has multiple values, and I'm getting multiple rows back from the users table (grouping them with GROUPCONCAT()). I tried your method as well, but it still says unknown column.
Alex, ee, RegexOptions.IgnoreCase
Thanks for the response, Sunlight. The UniqueID gets set as soon as I add it to myPanel. The problem is that by the time the SomeOtherControlClickInsert is called, the controls are already on the panel have and a UniqueID assigned. When i go to insert my conrol it is already too late.
Even better: how about programming questions and not webDNS administration ones?
You didn't mention that you needed to grab stdout, but you can. Look at the WshScriptExec object (http:msdn.microsoft.comen-uslibrary2f38xsxe(VS.85).aspx), part of the library mentioned in my answer.
I think you mean JAVAHOMEbin (forward slashes)
It's not the only way - you could introduce a new surrogate key, preferably a INT IDENTITY to use as the primary key. Also, keep in mind that the key that you pick as clustering key will also be added to all your non-clustered indices - you want to keep that as small as possible!
I updated my answer to mention the <pre> tag, which may provide what you want.
Meh.  Tron is okay because it's obviously fantasy and isn't really making pretensions otherwise.  Gritty, hard-edged cop shows with fantasy technology are another matter.
What is the type of the command object?
That is a good answer! You've touched upon some concepts that seem to get addressed only late in the development cycle. +1
If the software does what they describe, their customer is every non-technical person in the world. So keeping the site in Dutch would be idiotic. Either that, or... this is like every other similar product attempted and is totally useless.
Pre-sorted usually leads to a lot of imbalance, so it is most likely the worst case.
I did that and it picked it up - but why is it disabled in the first place?
The authentication is currently set to Windows and I dial in using a Cisco VPN client. In addition to dialling in with the client I also have to supply my domain username and password if I want to do anything on the domain, such as browsing machines, so that's set up in my managed passwords list.
I know Tomalek.  I just put the note up for future searchers.  I'll be kludging a fix post regex for my project.
Thanks!. I have an insight and realize I was mixing in a DataTemplate data & views. soy un nabo.
LINQ breaks the guidelines, and this is stated in the commentary. Remember guidelines are not unbreakable rules, and this is an AVOID guideline rather than a DO NOT.
However practically this really only has an impact if you are using some external resource. XP and Vista are pretty good at keeping COM DLLs from stomping over each other.
Jonathan: correction, no websites will allow javascript from another [top-level] domain to have access.
Most RDBMSes (MySQL included) will be able to optimize all four forms identically. However, the fourth form is still preferred both because it's semantically more clear (it makes it more obvious that the conditions are part of the join) and because it provides insurance against naive RMBMSes.
and your definition of oo - organization of functionality by logical objects - is already present in abstract data type programming, which is a more general concept than oo
Is this new to 2008 (he didn't specify which version he was using, just wondering)
This is the best answer for our situation - as the server locale can vary. In hindsight I should have included that in the question.  Thanks to all for your time and responses.
I think some details about why you are trying to change the class name of the proxy object would be useful.
That was a typo.
Please also add the code where you are saving the JPGs.  The resize code looks correct.
Just a warning, min-width and max-width do not work on IE6.  If you need to support that browser, you'll have to find one of the many workarounds.  (A Google search should suffice for finding them.)
oh! cool that will do the trick.
Then he'd end up with a never-ending while loop, because the reading of the data does not happen inside the loop. That's something else in need of fixing.
correction to first note; interfaces + delegates; but generics is still a better answer here; re lists and in+out; Add(T) would be in, the enumerator would be out, and the indexer is both; hence lists don't work with c 4.0 covariance.
The link is broken (at least for me...)
I wasn't referring to the performance, but the lifetime and quality of some poor Flash memory.
It's one of the possibilities we examined. The problem with it, besides the plugins issue, is that it means that allowing the primary request implies automatic allowing subsequent API calls that stem from this request.
thank you for the reply.
Your subquery had a group by, then the join .. into (which is a group join) was regrouping.  One does not need to group twice in order to produce the correct answer : Ids from D1 and a count of matches from E1.
Your code sample instantiates two instances of TcpClient
Evaluation of what?  I may be being slow today, but I really don't understand what your problem is.  I'm awful tempted to vote to close on the principle that I don't see a real question.
Re your edit: This seems crazy to me because gmail has tons of clients, to have all of them polling the server all the time seems so inefficient. There's got to be a better way... But thanks for that insight, I wouldn't have thought that's how it's actually done.
Yes, since they are an integral part of the form, if they were optional I would put them in formLoad()
But the ASP.Net support of develop is weak yet... :(
not in the box I'm working on! plus, I am dividing by CLOCKSPERSEC, but it's pointless because the resolution is only down to the second
Great it helped ; ) have fun !
wow. I think this weekend I'm going to read the Python library reference three times. I can't believe I missed this.
Very good! That does work!
There's some very good examples of graphical apps that use environment variables. IntelliJ for example, likes to be able to see M2HOME to know where Maven lives. To get it to see the variable, you'll need to set it in etclaunchd.conf instead of environment.plist.
The problem with using a timer is that you never know what else is going on in the system and when A2 will be finished. PostMessage will put the call right behind the end of event A2, when the message queue is handled next time.
regex html strikes again
PEP 219 is 9 years old and seriously out of date. The difficulties of calling Python code from C code is only in the implementation discussed in the PEP, and is not in Stackless. The name of the PEP (Stackless Python) is a bit of a misnomer; it drew its inspiration from Stackless and that's it.
Argh, you're right. Need to look harder. Somehow I mixed it up. Nice solution, though.
But it doesn't start counting at 0 again (unless you restart the JVM)....there is no if(counter == Integer.MAXVALUE) check.
yup thanks for the useful info though
Without the hint, Oracle would have evaluated that plan.  However, it would not be used because it cost more than the other plan it found. Question is, does it run quicker with the hint or not?
Input parameter is fine in this way, but how about the result?
he said - do not use any decision structures :) contains is decision - trygetexception is internally a decision routine either!
I agree. Don't brew your own - there are plenty of great MVCMVP frameworks for every situation.
+1.  Complete and clear.  (I fixed a couple of typos.)  Though you might cause a small amount of programmer confusion by naming the static variable identically in both classes mind you (I had to check whether C++ allows it!)
Every time I want to call a [[FRFeedbackReporter sharedReporter] sendFeedback] my app is killed. What's making me wonder is: [FRFeedbackReporter sharedReporter != nil] :-
Thanks, the first part of your answer helped, not sure what you meant in the last one.
I get the expected results for both cmpthese and timethese. I disagree about your point about the readability of the output of cmpthese. I find it hard to read. Maybe, just maybe that's why you now think you're a liar?
call the Authenticate method with the returnUrl in the query - http:localhostuserauthenticate?returnurl=somepage&uid=http:myopenid.comfrancip. when the OpenID provider returns to the Authenticate method, the returnUrl should be in the query again.
If you know what the final value will be one way to do this is to set the final value to the local value of the property and then start the animation. When the animation completes the animation layer will be removed and the final value will show through.
+1 for the ahah! moment I got when reading this. It is also very true. Don't explain, let himher experience!
oops I meant TimeCard
Whats the Hack for I don't see Redraw called internally.  When does it need to be called?
I wouldn't rely on a Unit Test to find that.  LINT maybe, Unit test no!
I've seen quite a few legacy projects that use ancient compilers where this was an issue. Do most new compilers prelink to avoid this? I haven't done much C++ for quite a while, and executable size is not that much of an issue anymore.
I am having trouble understanding your code.  Can you do a manual calculation with a few iterations of your 16-bit example?  Thanks.
CSRSS, or the terminal window, or the thingy with a title bar that you can drag around (and in the case of the Windows terminal, you can't do much else with), whatever you call it, sucks and as far as I can tell PowerShell indeed does nothing to fix this.
True, I'm mainly on ASP.NET at the moment so my test server is running windows, looks like I updated with the same code as you.
I've edited my answer to include the quote and citation.
What's a generic form control? Is it a ViewUserControl<T>?
attachMovie will return a reference to the movieclip that I just attached, if I did trace(largepoemclipdisplay), it traced out the expected value, so I don't think that was the problem.
The pointer thing was me messing with the code before hand and not fixing it up. But thanks for your help any way. :P
I agree with Joe. This should be community wiki.
Maybe it's just me but I can't see the attached pic.
It's never a good idea to use SELECT  anyway but to specify all of the columns to be returned explicitly.
You can see what a particular version of a compiler does, but what about the spec? How do I know?
Helpers also work on 2007.
You do need the ++array, if you use array you will simply overwrite the last element of the array (or get a 'Modification of non-creatable array value attempted, subscript -1' error if the array is empty)
My experience with the slim rw lock is that it's super fast compared to the ones based on mutexes and signals.
Thanks - your first solutions might actually work but we have hundreds of files and if I do a commit for each one of them it will get really messy.
Oops, its SELECT SCOPEIDENTITY()!
i'll ask my providers .... it'll take 24 houres... any other thoughts?
No, it doesn't. TOP lets you do LIMIT 0,10 but it doesn't let you do LIMIT 10,20.
the packets contain the headers, I thought that was obvious. You could invokeincorporate winpcap in your application.
Jonathon: Looked in in K&R, and you are right at least back to 1989. Fixed in the text. Thanks.
good, but i need C ANSI usage. Tanks
Nm, I narrowed my google search based on what you said and found this:
did you try 'diff -r'? How is this programming related?
It would help in suggesting improvements if you would show your code.
I thank you all for your prompt response. I really appreciate your help.
If I were asked to spend a Saturday doing pair programming as part of an interview at a company that is good at pair programming, I would jump at the chance, as I wish to learn pair programming.
mmyers: Dancing Kirby
I don't have Wine, so I can't say for certain what library it IS defined in. You can see what a Unix library file contains with elfdump. Maybe that works for Wine libs, too, so you could search your lib folder for the file you need.
Chad: way off topic, what blog engine are you using for your blog?
Exactly! But I don't know why one should roll out a complete JVM only to use a functional programming language. But I suppose this is personal preference.
wanna make it look cute? try reinterpretcast<void>(+ true) :P
nduplessis: Nothing wrong with the question, lets stay productive.
Kibbee - Thank you. I won't be using Hibernate, but I did create an ActiveRecord class and then subbed out a couple of classes for specific tables.
The Demeter J project<http:www.ccs.neu.eduresearchdemeterDemeterJavause ; does pretty well what Linq does in terms of replacing navigation with queries, but being a non-Sun syntax extension to Java it never caught on.
i see and how do you set the permissions ?
Hash function is not reversible!!
No you don't, you're passing inputs as parameters.
For all we know, he could be... the article shows the inside mechanics in brutal detail.
Joel thanks!  I even added it twice specifically to add that in and show the difference.
It will no longer implement the interface and you'll get a compile-time error. Not sure why my answer got downvoted though, given that it's actually addressing the question...
DHornpout: Do you have using System.Linq; at the top of your file? ToList is a LINQ operator.
Freddy, you are spot on. My bad, I was too hasty copying and pasting :-(
ASP.NET 3.5 is an additional set of DLLs on top of ASP.NET 2.0. Your web site will still be running under the ASP.NET 2.0 framework.
Last time I tried it, about 35, but that was a few years ago.
Got it!  Using what you gave me, I tried changing the first match to (.Entry : ) and it worked.  Thanks very much.
http:www.w3.org2001XMLSchema is not YOUR schema, which serializer is supposed to understand. YOUR schema should go under default xmlns, where http:tempuri.org is now.
Works in Notepad++ XML tools.
About the G spot I am not sure, the rest is common.
What for minor if you use git?
That wide triangle you see in the image is the viewpoint of the tank.  As in, if there is a bot in that viewpoint, the bot that is looking should be notified.  But i don't know how to check if there is a bot in that particular range
You don't have to down vote people for answering before you edited the question with clarifications... That's a bit unsporting, isn't it?
ah!  I was on Featured!  Thx.
Of course, if you rely on multiple spaces for formatting inside a <pre> tag, this will be fubared.
With the suggestion, what I worry for is if I encounter locking error during the time I'm deleting. Even if I remove the locks, I am still prone to encountering locking error during delete (it locks other records). What I'm thinking is on that part is make code try to delete until successful.
make sure to add the data-type=number attribute to ensure proper ordering.
the fault is result.Timestamp -> has to be g...
I'm getting cognitive dissonance from seeing officially correct way and TMTOWTDI in the same post ;)
As I understand it duplex just means that you can provide a callback function.  I am not talking about call backs but rather being able for the client to drive the communication and participate in all the normal dispatching etc
Sorry, make that http:pastebin.comd14a18cfc
no, only what owner they belong to, and the owner knows hisher checkbook
If you want to find simple interpreters, you should try brainfck, but that may be too simple for practical learning applications. Look into lolcode (http:lolcode.com). It's a silly joke language, but there's a .NET compiler and a number of interpreters, and it has fairly complicated syntax.
Not lately, but I'm aware of its existence.
Hmm, well you maybe missed the irony in my statement. The relevance is that if you use a magic value then you put a comment in there to identify what it means, and you provide documentation to list the values and what they mean in the context of each column. Btw, I'm in my 40's.
You should probably accept your own answer, so that this no longer shows up as unanswered.
you'll note that before you edited he clarified that he's not bothered about other 'background' tasks, only interactive response.
If one is inside the other, or if the two don't overlap at all, there are no points of intersection.  If the circle is tangent to any of the sides of the rectangle, there's only one point of intersection.
The situation in Java is dreadful - finally blocks always run, even for uncaught exceptions. I tested it in the current runtime, and it's in the language spec. So I wrote it up here: http:en.wikipedia.orgwikiComparisonofCSharpandJavaFinallyBlocksandUncaughtExceptions
I agree with Kevin. In those areas C is just as strong as it always has been.
attempted code as you posted, it is indeed no longer printing the numbers, but now it's printing those block symbols I usually see when the computer can't read a character.  I assume I should keep 'c' as a char? Just to be sure I'm understanding.
It's just a plain, simple, right-click create new .txt document. Probably something I pressed on my end, but that code works perfectly now! Now if I can just get it to read the input file, I'll be golden! ..well..perhaps a bit tarnished, but still golden!
Gracias! It really was what I was looking for. I installed it, implemented the List ADT on it, had to do some debug, and it worked like a charm!! Bye-forever Dev-C++ ^^. And thanks again, Mr. Butterworth =D
I'm not sure whether you want a default project selected when the page is loaded, if :projectid isn't set, or if you want to return the value of the select in the params hash as :pid.
If you are trying to find a specific method, yes.
you would rather need something like this:
Yeah I've been over them with a fine-toothed comb. Don't know why it isn't being activated, I have worked out how to programmatically do it though, kind of solves the problem :P
dbo.sysobjects will be removed in a future version.  For SQL 2005 and up use sys.objects instead.
Duplicate: http:stackoverflow.comquestions76700whats-a-simple-method-to-dump-pipe-input-to-a-file-linux, http:stackoverflow.comquestions418896how-to-redirect-output-to-a-file-and-stdout
I was able to find that interface, but I can't find any method either in MSDN documentation or on the internet that would change the view mode. I'll probably have to implement this on my own
See http:blogs.msdn.comshawnfaarchive20040825220458.aspx Myth 3
Where is the question in your post ?
Yup,  checked the hashcodes they were different.
Boot To The Head - Read the discussion at the link I posted in my first comment and you'll see that this method has its own set of problems.  Just looking to see if anyone has a better idea of how to handle this.
are you positive fread() returns nothing?  On Windows, the COM ports are just specially named files, IIRC.  Perhaps you need to set up the port parameters such as parity, baud, etc, which may be impossible through PHP?
Marius Sure, but only if you're using jQuery.  If it's straight JS OOP code than you can't do that.
I have a cssclass that I am setting on the links.  That class is never removed.  The only time the link is bolded, is when it is selected.  I want to remove the bold style when another link is selected.
I'm on a Vista x86 dual core at the moment.
I tried it, but I didn't work... I noticed it made it image move down a bit... but it didn't change it.
Perhaps you could post the results in a blog post? I'd certainly be interested in seeing the details, particularly around the XML testing.
It does not match the end of the string, though. There could be arbitrary data after the ip wannabe
Sadly I have neither the time or ability to create a virustrojan. The encrypted log file is really to protect from someone gaining access to a machine and inspecting what a user has done (i.e. to protect the users privacy).
That's true, and I have indeed considered the pros and cons of using multiple AppDomains.
Apart from the fact that there is some work required... Why shouldn't this work? <apply-templates select=[local-name()='foo'][local-name()='bar']>
Nicely put :) ty
no problem, glad i could help :)
As somebody once said, it's easier to beg forgiveness later than it is to ask permission now :)
that creates list for every element, and it does duplicate exact matches
What makes you think that the same server error would not occur with a regular POST?
sharedptr in the single thread build doesn't use atomic reference-counting.
Your requirements are not clear, maybe you can add some more detail.
No, George, Idaho.
That is wrong, but it would be helpful if you found supporting articles. :)
Jared, why did you set the c++ tag? he talked about C and did not add any C++ related tags.
S.Lott: Fair enough -- I find that part hard to understand as well, though I've known people to insist that testing and scripting were somehow at odds.
Your question makes me wonder if there's an Amazon.com for gems where people can give ratings and reviews of gems. (Apart from isitruby19.com)
Thanks for your reply, can I add several KnowTypes. i.e
I have no idea why this got a downvote.  It's just as correct as the accepted answer, and written simultaneously to it.
As a note, this does not work across mid-quote line breaks.
I believe that in the older versions of VS (2003 for sure, 2005 possibly) pdb files were not generated for release builds (probably this is where you got it from)
The problem with Qt is that it doesn't actually use native controls besides the base viewspanels.  It does a very good job approximating the UI look and feel, but still doesn't have that native feel to it.
you mean a way that does not use no strict 'refs' like in my second example? None that I know of.
Minified my answer and by my count it's 180 characters less than the table solution: 1042 (table) to 858 (mine) characters not counting bodyheadstyle tags.
As stated it isn't possible to change the cache policy. I would like a solution for actually clearing the cache store - not avoiding caching entirely.
Yes, you can do this sort of thing with reflection, or possibly with some preexisting framework.  Careful about reflection, though.  It's fine in some cases, but it still has some performance issues, so resist using it for high-volume stuff.
Thanks! That's exactly what I was looking for. Do you know of any reason why Apple don't make this a documented property?
You should file this as bugs in maven's bug tracker, otherwise it will not be worked on.
OK, maybe HSL is what I really meant :)  I'm not totally sure.
adrian33: the links must exist before you can modify them, ie you have to put the script element as last element of the body, use jQuery's `ready()` function, `window.onload` or `DOMContentLoaded`
The d3 answer looks wrong to me, also.
Jon - as long as you didn't mind me editing your LINQ earlier ;-p
Currently using 1.2.6, looks like it is time for an upgrade.
Thank you for your answer. In this specific case, the client is sending a list of bank-account pairs. Believe me, if I had control over the schema, I would use artificial keys!
Perhaps if you want to access SQL tables in an existing Access DB, this would be suitable, but the OP appears to be simply asking to access SQL data via Access, in which case an ADP is more efficient.
How can I start a MySQL client in terminal? I am using Ubuntu.
In the LoadBitmap function, I associated a bitmap for its disabled state. That bitmap appears when I run my program ( the part where the I disabled the button). I guess it's disabled but Event A is still fired (after Event B has finished executing) when I clicked Button A when Event B is executing.
Hey straight up, that's a good answer. Thanks!
42: http:msdn.microsoft.comen-uslibraryty67wk28(VS.80).aspx
You forgot to mention how to turn on spellcheck, but those commands will be useful once it's on.  Use :set spell to turn it on.  note that if it's source code, it's smart enough to only spellcheck comments and string literals :)
Could you explain further about the headings? I'm only allowed one H1, but I can have as many H4s as I want? Really?
Ah, yes, mb. Glad it worked.
This sounds promising. Then I run it as a mySQL batch?
These algorithms uses the operator<. If your class doesn't provide one, you can use versions of the algorithm that takes a comparison function object (either a functor or a function pointer) as parameter.
+1 Thanks Paul - I looked for natural sort and the C++ tag, but didn't find anything.
John: Session state doesn't have an Expiration concept. How do you explain that statement given the timeout attribute of the sessionState object?
syntax now verified.
Much on the list is largely it lacked the things that came in the next version; yet we always survived until they were added... Some of them are genuine mistakes, though - I'll grant.
please describe expected by you behavior and what you have.
Thanks for the info.  Although singletons' destructors should still get called in C++ as long as you code them properly, so I don't see the problem there...
This site is designed to provide a user-based, content-driven central point from which to base all your Multi-Monitor enthusiasms.  WTF does that even mean?
In .net, you have resource files, this is where hardcoded strings belong, let them there
Agreed, when we had all the initial mucking about with VS05SQL05 and were awaiting special patches there was maybe some justification for a bit of a moan, but they quickly sorted all that and it's all good.
What Im trying to do is this: The sum of X number of fields must be equal to 100. The validator that has this function and the message is always located on the first field (x1) and I'm activating that same validator from the rest of the fields in order to update the message when the sum is 100.
A forum software written in asp.net that I can integrate into my current asp.net project
I'm not terribly worried about the length or complexity of this, except to say that this is 31 questions rolled into one.  Presenting them like this is unlikely to garner any useful responses, which decreases the utility of this post for all of us.  You might re-post 15-20 posts and break it up.
C++ RAII syntax means you don't have to get your finally clauses right every time.
Libraries on top of the Windows API do not add complexity, but rather abstract it, so that you don't have to worry about it. It's way easier to create windowsbuttonsetc. in Qt than it is through Windows API calls.
Perhaps you should ask a new question for that, then! (And accept this one as closed if it meets your definition... ;) )
Yes, I thought the way it rendered the dates was a bit weird also, however it does work in query analyzer except I have to swap the double quotes for single quotes.  I looked into chapter 5 of the nhibernate doco thinking I could tell nhibernate how to correct the dialect, but it doest look possible
bigmattyh - not quite, IE6+IE7 handle <input type=button> elements just fine, but they have LOTS of issues with actual <button> elements because they submit the innerText, not the value attribute (when clicked)
Sorry about that, all I meant was that it may be a better idea to create custom helpers rather than use the defaults as the name of the default ones don't always capture fully where they are going to be used. If you have a number of helper methods that will be used for layout, call it layouthelper.
You shouldn't send mail from accounts you do not have control of the domain from.  You should send it from a system account, and use the reply-to header (or similar).
I wish I could vote twice for this answer.
Geo: It is always sent as a batch of bytes -- the boundaries are determined inside TCPIP.  You read  a size; then you read that many bytes.  Then you read a size, etc.  The TCPIP packets and buffers will have nothing to do with the sizes you specify.  It WILL be run together.
In particular, Convert.ChangeType may be what you're after.
Ben: What assembly is it in? Is the assembly strongly typed?
Do note that Python 3.x will raise an exception when comparing different non-coercible types.
I think he means Lightness, Saturation, Hue. I believe it's the same thing as HSV  HSL - try those in wikipedia.
There must be a good interaction designer in your team to prevent you from doing this :-)
What does dynamic model mean?
yup, that's the extra hassle. I handle the checking and renaming stuff from the CMS, whenever new entry is inserted, following Wordpress' example, eg. some-slug-url into some-slug-url-2. Not so beautiful IMO, that's why ppl should avoid using this method when .. damn 300 characters limit..
unknown: yes, a RDB is probably a good idea for this, since it's designed to handle massive amounts of data. Depending on your exact needs, you might need more specialized software, but from what you wrote, I'd suggest a relational database.
yea. it may be in a lot of cases. but we can not be sure.
Do you close the descriptor, FILE pointer, either, or both?
Don't forget that people used to write perfectly viable applications in BASIC on 2MHz 8 bit 6502 processors with 16K of RAM. If you need to squeeze out every last bit of performance, use C - but the hardware described does not rule out interpreters.
I guess that would work, but I want to specify just one profile and not each one separately.
what he was asking for in the first place. Or questions that were retrospectively edited and then closed cause they were 'duplicates' (although they weren't before the editing). Devil's in the details!
Yes, I updated my answer.  '' and '?' and '' should be legal.  Just not NUL and ''.
Although I find your design somewhat odd - Then help me improve it please :-) I would really like suggestions, good or bad
I don't think the final project will be small. It will be use by many users I believe but it is not up to me on what platform the web app will be build on. I'm not saying PLSQL is not a programming language just Oracle Apex seem to be a none programing tool.
gogole: Oh no! Not getting it... How many different strings can there be? (surely more than 2^256). How many different values can the hashing function return? Only 2^256. This means that there will be many different strings that return the same hash...
Er, right. Consider, my last sentence. Couldn't one construe that I did grasp this point, but was trying to drive home the realities of multithreading, which the poster apparently needs to understand? It could be the poster has other code which this line of reasoning will apply to.
Well, this implicitly uses + because arr[i] is (arr + i) ;)
+1. Although it's not a direct response to the question, in practice I'd probably prefer this solution to the one I proposed. Using LINQ seems like a good general use case for filtering out loop values you don't want to process.
The UNDORETENTION parameter can only be honored if the current undo ts has space. If an active tx requires undo space and the undo ts does not have space, then the system starts reusing unexpired undo space. This can cause some queries to fail with a snapshot too old message.
Well 512 sounds good that gives me at least 10 years of .net releases and other junk to accumulate and by then I hope to be retired. Thanks again
Thank you!!!  So easy.  Much appreciated.
The principle here being 'Subclass to change behaviour, not data'. Since the behaviour doesn't change, you don't need more than one class.
now what i mean is if he already uses scopedptr why does he decide to use autoptr now? that's why i commented on it.
Brian : It's an honest question. If I don't know why this question is offensive, then I can't correct it, can I? If you voted it offensive, it'd help to know why.
uriDium, as Jon said linq and c 3 are definitely worth the upgrade
BeautifulSoup doesn't convert hex entities (&x65;) http:stackoverflow.comquestions57708convert-xml-html-entities-into-unicode-string-in-python5774557745
I can't think of any uses of complicated macros that I really liked.  Sometimes, like in the macros in the Linux kernel, there's a reason for them (an inner loop in the kernel gets hit a lot); sometimes they implement a DSL, like the example above.
Well, it's not possible to get the same behaviour as GetFiles with a list of file names, as it's impossible to know what the short file names were.
He's probably assuming a particular value for gravity. That reduces the  of points needed to 2. (although for small distances there are 2 solutions, depending on whether the angle of launch is greaterless than 45degrees.)
I looked at sets, but the problem with sets is that you can't have duplicate elements, and since Cards are equal (by my definition) if they have the same suite and value, then that may be a problem.  (If you play a game with several decks)
Sure I would. It's not even unethical. It's the corporate policy. hahahaha you're joking right? Listen, seriously, it's developers like you that have caused the misery that the web is currently in. It's because of you that corporations can'twon't upgrade to newer versions of browsers. shame.
BobbyShaftoe: it's not a matter of preference, it is a matter of logical consistency.
You could check that a request for this uniquely named PDF file was served with a 200 code and reap it at that time; however, your initial solution sounds good enough. Could you advise why your current solution isn't working, so we can propose better solutions?
Hmm, this is quite interesting, thanks.  I will check this out
I haven't found a satisfactory answer yet. But at this point there seems to be a incompatibility in the ruby bindings that link in the QT libraries. If you're using just straight c or c++ I am sure you won't see this issue, or at least you can address it by setting encoding.
That was the first thing that i've did...
I fail on the first.
mmm, so how do I assign an object created in a function to another variable so that I can use either the new object in the new variable(byval) or point(byref) to the original created object?
Are you getting a javascript error?
Well, this answer works, so I'll accept it.  Still, it makes me feel dirty.
No -- how does one do that in the context of JSPJDBC?  I tried just replacing the question mark placeholder with industry, and it appeared to not recognize it as a placeholder at all.
I accept your answer it worked great!
close enough; i'll figure the rest out! thanks
Have you done this with an ASP.Net app? How do you know on the backend when the polling hasn't made a call? In other words, how do you set up a listener for this if by definition a request isn't made?
good point .. though I found that line in the admin form too. So I presume it works on this server. In which case ... why for them if not me. Maybe because it's relative in the admin tree there.
Yes, and that is quite obvious.
I don't know if this makes any difference, but shouldn't the size property be named cache-size? I'm no iBatis expert and may be wrong, though :)
I have checked that the user only belongs to 'Users' local group. I even tried by creating a new local group and assigning the user to it. But still no luck. Is there something I have overlooked?
I was shown an example where one procedure had three definitions in the same file and it seemed that you could call them individually by using some form of colon operator. Can't for the life of me find any examples of such a situation on the net though. Maybe I dreamed it.
good point - I've changed my explanation, I think it's now consistent, and explains your results, but also contradicts the accepted answer.
boost::lexicalcast - nice and similar on your Str function:)
What's the error message from the compiler?
I've just finished reading, and I think it solves my problem, but I'm not sure. What I would prefer is that my PHP page would somehow contact the google maps servers, a starting point and a whole bunch of end points, and then return to me the distances. Based on that, I can populate a search result
What version of PHP are you running? (from phpinfo() as well)
I believe you're probably right... It would be interesting to see an article on this.
SqlConnection.ConnectionTimeout Property is readonly. Also, I have not called the Transaction.Commit(). It will be called after this INSERT Query. Intresting thing is, I have another similar Business Object, where INSERT is executing correctly.
My site definitely wont ever see a lot of traffic -- it's for a small club, but thanks for the rest of the suggestions! They were very helpful.
With a file, you know when you've reached the end. The wrapped FileInputStream would throw an EOFException, which is propagated by the DataInputStream to your code.
You are correct in the case of his code it does convert into hex you can still get ambiguities though so he needs to ensure it zero pads to 2 characters. The reason I wrote 3 digits was that I use decimal in my code example.
The details of the syntax depend on your server. And then may need to be enabled. To help more you will need to expand the question with more details about your environment.
I RTFM'd and updated my answer. If you have an enclosing formfor tag that specifies the model, you can leave the model parameter off your call, which is evidently what you're doing. So, all you need to do is add the extra param. Next time post the whole view. :)
Yeah - uh, that's what my code indicates. Did I miss something?
+1 for real code.  One fix though, your Pow call should be one order of magnitude smaller.  that is...  Math.Pow(26.0, characters.Length - i - 1)
i already do this step, but still i can't use the methods in the class
whipped through it?  so you're a master now?
Unsure :(. What I can say is that the sessionstore= ... -line is no longer to be found in environment.rb-Files generated with Rails 2.3 and the 2.3-release notes recommend the above notation
How do you set up your FK on ReferenceID?
Thanks for the feedback guys. As I said in the question I am seeing if it is worthwhile right now. I love SO and thought I might get some reasonable opinion on the idea. Happy to move the discussion elsewhere once I am satisfied.
Thanks for pointing out s.count()! upvoted just for that piece of information!
The pattern above is not for any branching logic. It is to assure that when you reach the point to start serious processing all your parameters are checked and ok - and that if something fails you will know exactly at which point.
That Air one looks like it could be GTK. Looks almost like my GTK ones, so may just be a theme difference.
Andrew Hare: Thanks :)
I don't understand what's this weight you are talking about...
That is totally awesome! +1
Whoa! Use the code feature in the editor to keep your code formatted. Works best if you paste the code then press the button.
So apparently it's not a syntax error?
You will need to install .NET 3.5 SP1 and Visual Studio 2008 SP1 (if you're using Visual Studio). Then you'll get the new System.Web.Routing.dll installed.
Whooaaa!! Pretty remarkable assertion. I don't have a Date of Death yet, I hope.
In Directed graphs, not in DAGs. It is quite obvious that there is no cycles in Directed Acyclic Graphs :)
If you would care to provide proof that algorithms involving prime numbers are actually counter-productive, then maybe. But I consider them a useful and simple way of increasing distribution...
http:burtleburtle.netbobhash grep for knuth
got it! thanks! Works beautifully.
http:stackoverflow.comquestions670820cascading-style-sheets-use-id-or-class
Given the number of operations in a hash, would just comparing the file bytes be faster?
Jared, it's only dangerous to those that don't know how to use it properly. I've always likened languages to power tools. If you don't know how to use a chainsaw, you've got no business using it. If you cut your leg off, it's your own fault :-)
Yeah sorry that was a mistake. But I hope you got the point anyway :)
Because there are some points in the code where system state is defined by checkpoints. This is implmented deleting current state and creating a new one. It's true that in 90 cases pointer is the same, but this is not always the case.
Thanks for the answer John, perhaps I'll look into doing a custom build (or change my approach).  +1 for frankness
And so the nazi not programming related gang strikes again... :( How the  is this not related to programming. Oh well...
It got reopened. The community decided. The system worked as intended. What exactly is the problem?
Thanks Marc, you're right about the Base class. It is working a bit better. I'll have a look at the OnDeserializing method, cheers for the heads up on that. I'm constrained to Xml for this by design.
Apologies for the edit race condition, RichB
Except for native DLLs; I don't know that I'd consider those assemblies as the term here seems to be more of a .NET usage.
Casper - thanks. Ill send the entire DLL file now.
Throwing an exception from indexOf is more logical than -1. But it is wrong because it makes the code using indexOf harder to write. Don't look to exception theory, look at the code that is going to use the function.
Kitsune, out of interest, how are you building your repository?  Can you show and example?
Read the second paragraph .... maybe completeness is also useful
Dude, thank you so much! 
Where does the value of the controller param get set?
Just had to say, I love the word vimmisms ;-)
+1. FWIW, I stick with string for ease of use if there is only ever going to be one file, and use ITaskItem[] when there may be more than one.
It would be interesting to compare the performance of Sax v XmlTextReader - has anyone tried this
The Polygon class (actually a typedef) already has a good copy constructor. You probably mean the Point class.
Doesn't the Session object have this problem? If you `Session[Temp] = null` in all actions (which TempData effectively does, right?), then an action redirecting to another action would falsely assume Session[Temp] is available in that other action.
Well the in-line grouping relies on you spotting the comma in the arbitrarily long selector string and the K+R format makes grepping that little bit harder since not all lines end uniformly - it's an easy thing to fix, why not go with clarity?
Thanks, but that puts the everything on one line. I need it formatted like it is above to cope with alot of text.
added an example to illustrate...
Perhaps difference in some configuration related to connection?
Great Simple solution and it would be great if it worked.  But the Group Property never gets called from the ListView.
To complete the answer, store relative paths in the database and store the base path also (not necessarily in the same table, though). +1
Edited, I have declared the createbutton above the updatepanel
Satchmo is specifically for building a shopping cart whereas I'm interested in just handling payment via a framework, not as a shopping cart.
Singletons are not considered bad practice in any circles I'm aware of.
gogole: sorry but it seems you don't know what you're talking about - please read about hash functions, how they work and what they can be used for. Even 2 two letter stings can have the same hash - it's just not very probable, the longer the strings, the bigger the probability of problems - try it
Nicely explained!
whats your source format? another string? plain numbers, not other characters?
maybe long is long enough. i dunno enough of .net to know about their length :) decimal would certainly do it thou, but not sure whether you can still do the 's then?
As ypnos says, arguments 7 and 8 are what you're interested in. They tell OpenGL the format of the data which the pointer points to. The earlier arguments indicate the type of texture, as I recall.
Okay, very weird. It works if you assign something to x within the function (it puts it back into the array and it is set outside of the function), but it doesn't work the other way around...hmmm.
yes, ulimit -c unlimited is enough for core dumping. But where is it creating the coredump?
Konrad, I think you nailed it.  It's disregarding the parentheses and treating it as a var decl.  It's the same issue that explains the need for `typename` in templates.
That's a big question, especially without code. The basic idea is that you use names (strings) to tell the method what to set and where and how to the value to use.  You use reflection on the objects to get the appropriate fields, then getset their values.
awesome, thanks.
BTW, I tried in Opera... maybe that's the reason it worked for me :P
IETester is really good but remember that flash does not work, and applet behave strangely. But who uses them, right?
 If an index doesn't boost performance for the queries you're interested in, then it sucks.
5 years will not make you a guru, it will merely make you an experienced developer who has made enough mistakes not to waste everyone's time. Some people (including me) will never be gurus, compared to gurus like Anders Hejlsberg who heads the C team.
Step 3 would be a[] = 0, 6, 7, 8, 1, 2, 3, 9, 10, 4
Oops. Missed that part (and also goes to show how much I know about Java).
Either of the following still returns a syntax error. DoCmd.OpenQuery Readings2009 or DoCmd.OpenQuery (Readings2009, acViewPreview,acReadOnly) do I need to define this as a string first?
My point exactly. So why render the hrefonclick attributes? If you see disabled Button controls rendered by asp.net, they are set to disabled AND onclick is not rendered (I guess for security purpose).
I actually think that the retainassign semantics of the statesZips property is irrelevant. The code allocates an object and so needs to release it, regardless of the semantics of statesZips, unless it's running in a garbage-collected environment.
Thank you, it worked. Sandly the update (in my case from ant-1.7.0 to ant-1.7.1 didn't solve the problem dirset doesn't support the 'erroronmissingdir' attribute). Never mind.
because I need to substitute another role for the User.
Uh, why the downvote? Is there anything in my description that is wrong or unhelpful?
Thanks for the suggestion. (+1)
Here is some incomplete pseudo code to give you the idea:
I've seen the same in .NET (the ONLY difference is the name of the StringBuffer class -> StringBuilder)
... reticulating splines ...
Is the data in the rows constantly changing? I don't understand why you are starting from the beginning again if value 2 is found...
I would be useful for you to show a picture, and to spend some effort describing what you expected to see and why you think what you're seeing instead is a bug.
Interesting, I wouldn't have guessed that. I'd split the source files further and further to try to find out if a few files are responsible to the slow down.
This is perhaps one reason. But Pascal for example just takes a tenth of the compile time an equivalent C++ program takes. This is not because gcc:s optimization take longer but rather that Pascal is easier to parse and don't have to deal with a preprocessor. Also see Digital Mars D compiler.
Even my little tiny one. xacc.ide does that!
I believe the 255 limit is due to Delphi (pre-D2009 anyway) storing the length in the first byte of the string buffer. I.e. string[0] is the length, and being a byte it can store 0-255.
If you like, I can upload your testing page and we'll see. You can also ask this question at http:help.godaddy.com
If by cheaper to implement you mean your approach runs faster, than you are probably right. Your approach will also break if there are 5 variables instead of 4. If my solution doesn't need to work, I can make it run as fast as you want.
This approached worked. Interestingly I still needed to Marshal.WriteInt64 the value back to my ulong variable (perhapsit was just the debugged that was not smart enough though)
Your first line doesn't print filenames and numbers, the second recurses (which Masi didn't imply). find . -maxdepth 1 -name .php -print0  xargs -0 grep -nH google would fit the bill.
Checkout this article: http:romenlaw.blogspot.com200807consuming-wcf-web-service-using-java.html
Glad I could be of assistance (even if I don't get the accepted answer!)
good point.  you're probably right.
devstuff, you're making an assumption about the underlying nature of the collection.  Not all immutable collections require a copy operation in order to add elements (linked lists, finger trees, etc ...).  Sure, using an ImmutableArray would have this problem but it's not a failure of all types
Without me starting my profiler, could you explain why? Seems the two loops would cost less than the count?
The edited version looks much better, and now the conditions on both the current value and the previous value make sense. On the style side, I'd tend to agree with Jon Skeet.
Well, after investigating further, I apparently had the same issue with my object code (same as the test code above). Thanks guys for your quick responses, even to this minor issue (ie. stupidity). I was killing myself over this.
your steps are exactly what I've tried (as stated in the question)
nah... want it colored =)
Earwicker, good point if you are in a finally clause you can not figure out that an exception is being thrown so you will blindly try to close the tags... I guess its just one of those caveats with this approach
Allow from 127.0.0.1 (or localhost) doesn't seem to work...
It varies per site, but the number of threads vary from 20 to 40 or so.  I've seen it take from 20MB to 100MB in memory; usually have 2GB to 4GB.  Performance monitor shows the Page faultssec usually greater than 20; I've seen it up to 10-40k before, but have no idea how accurate that is.
See later edit. Are you running on windows or some form of nix
sqook: yep, older than dirt.  Still funny.
Just remember that the timeout function works in milliseconds. That is why he used 5000.
Nikhil, very good point -- thanks.
+1 was thinking about this just yesterday
Well I've found its possible one way or another in most browsers. But I want true rich content transfer - something similar to how I can pull an excel into a word document. 
Similar approach will also work with Atom feeds by subclassing generator from Atom1Feed
Thank you for the reply. I tried placing the dialog open inside the return post function but I experience the same problem. This is specific to IE.
The Assembly is loaded in the current AppDomain. You can then use Assembly.GetType () to get types, and use Activator.CreateInstance to instantiate them. As the assembly is loaded dynamically, you have to instantiate type dynamically.
Because I am using the MVVM pattern there is no code behind for the XAML pages.  There is no Load event.  Everything is taking place via databinding.  For that matter the template is being selected by a DataTemplateSelector based on a property in the View Model.
Nice idea but in my experience it does not work (bug in VB6) see my answer
Yes, myfile.php to myfile...but it shouldn't be adding in C:Program Files etc etc into my URL. That creates an invalid path.
1) please edit the 2nd snippet regarding how to address the event to a local handler.
I've never (as of yet) had to do anything other than a minor bug fix in the core library (which I submitted back to the library devs anyways, so I don't mind having to provide).
Please also post the text of the actual error, else it is quite hard to help you.
+1 for TDD, especially for a pair of novice C++ programmers. There are going to be heaps of errors, and a strict suite of tests will be the best defence against them.
John, IMHO, maintaining history is a good thing. When you hit those random pieces of code during the translation, it's good to have a history in order to put the code in context.  The versions are not irrelevant because they're part of the process which lead to the current version of the code.
There are so many things wrong with this code I don't know where to start. It looks like you might have misunderstood the meaning of some key parts of the language, like scope, and return.
The project can only be downloaded as a tarball from the project page.  In other words, they aren't using google code for SVN.
Both of those problems are irrelevant for debugging.  In fact, I'd add timestamps to that, then add another timestamp on the reader end.  Sanity checks are important.
Thanks,I can handle this in similar ways as I mentioned on my initial post, doing multiple requests and receiving whatever is ready. I was hoping that there were less smelly ways of doing this specially with WCF. I guess I will get my hands dirty on wcf and see what I can come up with
Devin I (incorrectly?) assumed that he wants to have a literal backslash instead of the actual hex value in the string.
Oh, I see what you mean. In that case, you're stuck casting. You're trying to mix polymorphism (literally, many-forms-ism) with something that only works with a single form, and they don't fit together with out you doing a bit of work manually.
That's why we're here. Mind you, I'm off to bed now...
sleske, your regex requires each line to end with one or more spaces or tabs. The OP's version makes the trailing whitespace optional.
That's what I thought, I've only seen this in the address bar.
Thanks Maurice Perry,
If you're asking about the CodeProject link, I think it inserts Root nodes at the beginning and end of each split file.
wow, this is like my dream editor! I think I will ditch notepad++ in favor of editra!
You shouldn't simulate the keyboard at all, it's not good practice. Why do you want to?
It's the other way around. I want Navision to talk to a SOAP Web Service. This is why I built this.
SMTP requires CRLF... see http:www.ietf.orgrfcrfc2821.txt section 2.3.7
Right, so I haven't stated that endianness depends on hardware architecture, but I don't see how my answer is explicitly incorrect. Consider that text files writtenread on different architectures must have their endianness known.
I don't want the home directory but the settings directory. examples given in the question.
That was what I was thinking that it had to be something else within the GridView.
I'm glad it helped, even without any idea about PHP or MySql. I wasn't expecting it to be more than just a hint, but if it's proved useful that's great :) Now I've got to go back to my own time zone issues :(
People from his group would be his friends.
I only have 1 instance of this web application running on 1 box.  I just want to have these processes run in the background and do some work.  When they run, I want the Data Context to be persisted during the operation, so I don't have to worry about recreating it and attaching entities.
Hmm.  Isn't the real optimization not to put things that are calculated on each pass in a property? Make it a function and it will be clear.
Your first point is not true.  You probably should use doend for clarity, but multi-line blocks can use curly braces.
Did you run any tests to support this, or is just an assumption?
It is how the actual output looks, because the February output is short a line.  I fixed it :)
A link would be useful
Ah, that works. I wanted to pull the GUIDs directly from the interface type though, as keeping them in sync manually is a bit dangerous.
Well, it has precedent, in fgets(), so I guess it's not a total anti-pattern.
Well, I tried with your options by changing my business logic and not overriding functions. Also, this time provide sorting functionality from within the stored proc so as to be very sure that the data comes pre-sorted still my bad luck that the grid shows unsorted data.
The whole point of XMLHTML etc is that the markup is supposed to define the content. Not BE the content. What's the difference between your idea and a plain-text file with book names in it?
the requested result set is a better design, just put INTO YourNewTableName between the select list and the FROM of the query and a new table will be created, where the colors are split.
1. The network works fine, otherwise it wouldn't connect at all. But it works once after every restart.
Not, a word... A word, its meaning, and its related words
Actually i want it to integrate with Cache
I updated the answer to add limits. I tried to make this code fairly readable, so by all means, play with it, break it, and improve it. That's the best way to learn any language.
Funny thing, I did almost exactly this last night on my own.  I don't think you need 3 threads -- I only used two.  As for project management, the thing is that we don't have an Executing phase, we have a Out Of Our Control Forever And Ever phase.  And we're almost there.
DefaultValueProvider does not exist anymore since RC, the alternative is changing the ValueProvider that comes with the controller that is just a IDictionary<string, ValueProviderResult>. See: http:forums.asp.nett1382242.aspx
The way I understand it's not the driver that lies to the OS, it's the harddrive itself. Have a look at http:www.jasonbrome.comblogarchives20040403writecacheenabled.html
yup.  Not sure it changes the problem though.
+1 this sounds pretty promising
Ok, you're right. My answer treat kX as some kind of index of low and high bound.
This has been discussed so many times I'm tempted to treat it s a dup...
I don't really know what i'm doing. This is unbelievably hard with C++... oh my god. Can you help me get this working? I simply want to be able to readwrite structs to a friggin file !!!
Algorithm for set still use output iterator to add new items. So it takes one and push one to the output. I doubt about UnaryOperation shall not have any side effects.
no, CommandTimeout doesnt work, any ideas?
For a more permanent solution I'd look into mail problems with your OS, or even with your ISP.  It's highly likely they are just blocking your email - see this thread for more info http:ubuntuforums.orgshowpost.php?p=1795039&postcount=5
+1 for experiments are carried out
Hum I see ... gotta have to check that out since I doubt they would be able to support the PHP installation there. Still interested to hear other ideas too.
I tend to place them just after (and obviously below) the <Package> element. Have a look at the schema for validity  http:wix.sourceforge.netmanual-wix3schemaindex.htm
+1 interesting. Might be a better solution than putting binaries in tags, which I suggest in my own answer.
I think that wasn't the problem... there was no proxy server defined on that computer.
IMO - your data model is broken then. Table1 and Table2 are unrelated, but you're trying to stuff them into the same column in Table3. If Table1 and Table2 are related somehow, then Table4 should be the parent table.
Jon - code here: http:pastebin.comm1d0c1b47
I've often wondered about this.  Apparently this has been tried for decades with on mediocre results, according to AI: A Modern Approach.
EOTEOF is a control character in ASCII.  See <http:en.wikipedia.orgwikiASCII>.  Where is a reference of this terminal driver behavior you describe? It's new to me.
That is actually what I had originally but I didn't realize that it was never get to my insert statement. I was trying to access one of the columns in gridview that didn't exist and it was causing the program to crash. Thanks for all your help!
i'm sorry for being unclear, i meant N rows for each userid
Sorry for this I want this code in C
Than I tend to agree with the answer from TcKs, the theoretical performance problem on insert is in my opinion less important than the pros of using a standard build in datatype, which is easier to use and maintain than any custom scheme.
Wouldn't end() just be start() + size(), with a pointer implementation? I'm not sure, but mostly you see code like while(iter != vector.end()), that would work ...
Agreed with above: though this doesn't win the 'nice question' award, I personally disagree with so many downvotes. It is actually a valid question.
matt b: actually, it does. http:weblogs.asp.netscottguarchive20070621vs-2008-javascript-intellisense.aspx
Thanks for the accept, but there are better answers than this now
Yeah, for an automagical approach, this should work better than anything with rsync
Sometimes you want the OPTION of catching the exception without having to explicitly rethrow.
aggitan: No.  For existing applications, you'll have to restart them, because they've already bound their IO to the controlling terminal.
I agree completely... and I didn't even know that Sutter recommended this.
Why set to null? Just letting it go out of scope is enough for the GC to pick it up.....
split; is not the same as split s;. it is more akin to split s+;, but even that does not do the same thing.  split; and split  ; both skip leading whitespace.  See the third paragraph on http:perldoc.perl.org5.8.8functionssplit.html
I doubt that it would keep them in a single chunk of memory.
But I don't want to block whenever I write, I want to block, if someone is already writing to the file I want to write. Actually, I don't want to block at all. I want to tell the second thread that he can't write and let the client decide on further action.
troelskn: Ruby treats nil and false as false - everything else as true. I don't think you need the double-bang, and IMO even the ternary operator ( statement : true ? false ) is more readable.
Using C<<>> doesn't help, it still says: <code>close), The perldoc command does the right thing with it even when it is C<openE<40>)>
That looks like exactly what i'm trying to do but i get this error message
I think I've read somewhere, someone implemented a reusable app for the paypal API. You'll probably find it if you google around.
Sorry mate - i don't understand :( Are you saying i need to test the 'value' object first? test for what?
thanks Koistya, sorry for the bump!
Beat me by 8 seconds
Post the results to a Twitter account through its API and see how many followers you can get based on your machine generated Tweets.
If you actually read carefully its two different questions, I made this one after I realized I asked the wrong question first.
No, consider this list: 8 4 7 3 5. Both 8 and 7 are leaders by this definition - no number after them is greater than them.
I have incldued the current code being used in the question
A configure script needs a sh compatible shell, which is something special on a windows machine.
My Close button is showing now though..........
lc: The state flags are different because the static Blue property returns a named color, whereas ToArgb does not retain the fact that the color is named, the int only retains the ARGB info.  When converting back to a color, the name is lost, hence the reason why equal does not return true.
+1: I can't see any reason you would be voted down for this either.
what happens if you set =wlb instead of the .cfm, basically forward anything and everything to tomcat
Your base classes could still inherit from the DefaultGameObjectModel class and have it's own implementation of the interface.
That doesn't seem to help - any idea why that should be the case? I thought eval() just executed whatever argument is passed - is JSON executable?
That's not what I meant. English is not my first language, maybe proprietary is the wrong word. I mean that '-i' is only available in GNU sed, and is not part of the POSIXSUS standard, so GNU can redefine '-i' in whichever way they want, other vendors can implement '-i' anyway they want ...
+1 For me, htonl() or htons() combined with bit masks and bit shifts is the most maintainable approach for this kind of stuff.
is there any chance to reserve it? so I'm looking for a,a entries? :D
Sorry, no pointers I know of - I used just common sense about the distinction between (ANTLR notation) G: (X)(Y) and G: (XY). The former says if you choose the first alternative, match all Xs and no Y; otherwise, match all Ys and no X whereas the latter match X or Y, and then X or Y, ...
I experimented with resetting the checkboxes with javascript and I just hit issues with struts2 not executing returned fragments of javascript. In the end I just submitted the checkbox state and reset them in the jsp of the returned fragment. Much simpler and more robust. Thanks for the tips Joel.
It is not supported by other browsers   even IE, in its newer versions, now ships with a pop-up blocker on. Forget it.
Now under my EDIT section......its not returning any images
The program does appear to be listening to WMKEYDOWN  WMCHAR message events instead looking at stdin.
When you say that the PKs might clash, do you mean that there might be duplicate rows and you don't want them copied, or that you need to assign a new PK to one of them because they're really different rows despite having the same PK? (yet another reason to use natural primary keys)
It's possible, and I'm not sure if StringBuilder somehow allows Regex to work more efficiently, but IMO that's not something you should rely on. If you're running out of memory, that may be indicative of a larger design problem that should be addressed.
You can't: http:www.sqlite.orglang.html
yeah, sometimes we stuck ourselves, it can happen to anyone of us
Just ran your example without any problems. The sequence I took: start the app (now on MainActivity screen), press the button (ChildActivity launchs), press the home button (now at the home screen), longpress home and select MainActivity (end up at ChildActivity), press back (end up at MainActivity)
Oh, I'm sorry. I forgot to rename that in my text. I tried to reduce the code to a minimum and also changed variable names to be more general. In my real project the variable is calles `servers` but it's initialized like `objects` in my question's code example.
Not to mention the possibility that the OS will swap your whole memory page out to disk, where it could sit for months.
Yes, but WHY? (Don't answer that).  How can I find out, programatically, that Shift + Key.D3 produces '' (it wouldn't on a non-US keyboard).
I didn't know you could do that. Thanks
well, either way, it's certainly not 'yet another markup library'. I don't know what I was thinking when I wrote that. hmm.
Not programming related.
yes, there was a mixup with the edits. I rolled back now.
I'm not that happy about using a static class for this either, but how else can I maintain a single collection that can be accessed throughout my application without passing the collection fromobject to object?
Arrays in C are indexed from 0, but declared using absolute sizes. Therefore to get at the last element of an array you declared as `array[8]` you'd say `x = array[7]`.
Because you can decode the flags field, run validation code, etc.  It's not simply a dump of the values of the structure, you instead can dump the meaning, including relevant objects that are pointed to.  For example, if obj1 has a list of obj2s, then you could nest a show of all the obj2s in there.
Skuta, you should not modify a collection when you are iterating it using its enumerator (which foreach does).
Neil: Of course, this isn't the production quality but just to give an idea.
It's not clear that there's going to be enough bandwidth on 32-core machines to do data-intensive computing on all the cores.  It might also be worth it to look at distributed-memory scaling, like MapReduce or MPI.  This could get him scaling up to thousands of cores now.  See below.
This also adds in the button in the context menu, not the mini toolbar.
+1 for good. As far as I understand your question, Hanno, better to use composition instead of inheritance. More details here : http:c2.comcgiwiki?UseCompositionAndInterfacesWithoutClassInheritance
Hi jbu, I hope you got your code working.  I'd like to suggest that, since this a community website, you consider leaving questions open once answered.  Even if the issue is obvious in retrospect, others who have similaridentical problems will then be able to learn from the problem-solving process.
Adam: I would be very hesitant to say he would undoubtedly get them sorted faster with the database than in code... that depends on a lot of factors, including the number of results, what type of index, what info is in the indx records. I can certainly imagine a situation where the db is worse.
Thnx a lot for ur answer sir...
that is indeed better; I was trying to keep it simple to highlight the main concept.
Actually, that's pretty sneaky (in a single-threaded sort of way :-).
Maybe an optimized alignment?
I don't control the driver. IoIs32BitProcess() is called from the driver, not my application. Obviously it doesn't because I am getting error codes ERRORINSUFFICIENTBUFFER (The data area passed to a system call is too small.)
Can you please clarify your question?  Do you want to see debugging or tracing information for a Borland C++ program in VC++?
I don't know whether the NotImplementedException is a code smell -- that Exception suggests to me that it's not implemented yet. If it was a NotSupportedException, I agree.
Here we are using a repeater and has provided pagination. But in this we are calling the database for each click and then showing the items corresponding to each page. Is your collection static. Isn't there any delete option in your recordset.
I understand the issue with the pointers. I want to force the memory allocation system to join adjacent empty memory chunks.
Manuel: No, malloc will not split off memory into chunk. And they will not be put in a free list afterwards, and they will not have a size of 1M. None of that is specified by the language. It's up to the OS to do all this, and it has nothing to do with CC++
Yes, this would work and it's easy but a zero-effort solution (if any) would be more handy. Lazyness, you know...
More info provided, with some code.
Give the [a] display: block and then do it.
4..This is heuristic, and one that is the most hard to implement, but you can gain from such a system much more then just spam filter (A system that tracks users behavior on your site).
I've used tortiosesvn in the past, it confused the hell out of me and made me think that svn is a very complicated beast that I shouldn't touch with a 10 foot poll.
I'm getting File Not Found now.  I'm going to have to look into this more.
scenario 3: You are comparing enum instances or some other immutable type that manages its instances in a way that allows == to be safe.
Sung Meister: I can't not Agree with you more!
Ruby certainly helped, I think Javascript and Objective-C too. 
Anathem's on my bookshelf at home, waiting to be read, but it's bigger than the Bible so I keep putting it off!
I'm assuming you're talking dynamic modification?
Also compilation variables such as (Configuration) and (Platform) are available. Also a bunch more at http:msdn.microsoft.comen-uslibraryaa302186.aspx
Is the page actually being read by PHP?
Davy8 you r right. Mistake made due to lack of caffeine. I will fix it tomorrow morning.  Typing on iPhone on my bed before going bed is too hard
+1 for the Override recommendation
what's the meaning of  here?
thanks for the answer ill try that.
How about .Net 3.5 SP1? There was a lot or work done with WPF performance in 3.5 Sp1.
Now, I just need to think of a way to efficiently create a hash table that won't fit in memory :)
But I don't have an app.config file in my WCF project.  Should there be one?
Thanks adeel825, however I dont know where to put the t.. so far I use this method:
There is no way to force the allocator to use fewer bytes for the initial construction of a given string -- at least not without writing your own STL allocator class template (and possibly not even then).
Yea, I do plan on opening a support ticket with them on Monday, but I figured I'd try here and see if any SAS folks lurked or others had a similar issue. Thanks. :)
Mehrdad good point :)
Do you mean accessing a class in another namespace? You can't have free floating variables outside of a class.
Ken, you're right, your code is equivalent and shorter. I would still write it my way as I find it more readable.
Even if the itemRenderers are reused, the list would still know if a particular itemrenderer was showing the last item in the list. Still, the biggest problem from my point of view is that I can't get the local X,Y of ANY itemrenderers. If that was available, I feel like it would be mostly solved.
Yes, I am using LINQ-to-SQL. So what you are offering is actually my third option. Well, I'll probably go for it. I thought about some kind of lazy execution, when the WCF services passes IQueryable<T> to the client without actually selecting anything from the db. But I can't figure out how to do it
Some people call this an issue, but this is just how the language is designed. Other languages are designed in a way where this is possible, and people coming from those languages feel that this is an issue.
Awesome AI W, that worked great. I didn't think it would be so much trouble writing to a label in a user control. Thank You.
Ah, good point, I didn't even think about that.  I'll edit the response, I guess it's best to catch the specific exception that you're trying to test - catching Exception will not work as you state.
You're right, divo. However, Dependency Walker (newer versions) has a profiling mode where it actually can help in tracking down these dynamically loaded modules.
I'm not sure why.  Your answer was quite reasonable.
Thanks for that update alex - I'll give it a try.
That's pretty weird, cause this works for me in IE 67, Firefox 3 and Opera 9. Maybe something wrong with your 'equals' function?
Sorry, that didn't display too well - Also my host ran the script on the server command line for me with output: array(0)  and no errors. Though I imagine header() is specifically for when php is invoked via a webserver.
Do you mean Java in general? The whole team has years of experience...
The Duck is correct. Maybe that means he should bill me.  (Yes, I know, I'll pay for that comment the rest of my life.) :)
I know EnumDisplaySettingsEnumDisplaySettingsEx, but I don't know how to implement... The only code that I found was in C++, but I cannot decypher...
The reason the page takes longer to load is because it is paging in memory,so the more memory you take up(the bigger the list) the longer it will take.
Snap!  Although I don't bother comparing the strcmp() result - just return it directly.
You solved my problem as well
Gave 5006 a go, and it did the trick.
Look, this isn't legalese. It's straightforward English. If you send us stuff that somebody else has a copyright on, point that out in the message.  That's all.
You'd have top use dynamiccast to go from ios to ofstream.  The compiler won't let you use staticcast and reinterpretcast would give you the wrong results.
MarkusQ The only thing I can think of - if removing the duplicate data and the split process are separate - is adding a split point to the top of each file before running the script, which would allow putting the files back together again with perfect accuracy once the dup. data is removed.
Milan, I have tried that the link you provided only contains source code, no binary. If I am wrong to find it, could you point me the exact link please?
This seems to be exactly what I'm looking for. Thanks!
if programmer Y updates file TEST.TXT from revision 2 to revision 3, and programmer X, having revision 2 of TEST.TXT, and changes that file, when he tries to commit revision 4, SVN will force programmer X to update first.
Thanks Chas - have edited answer.
Brad in my experience this has not been the case. I use Google hosted mail for my domains and my email address is extremely easy to find. I have had 0 false negatives and 1 false positive since I started using it more than 14 months ago. I get several hundred spams a day in my spam folder.
Gortok- +1 Perfect!  Thank you sir.
You are not passing the table in at all
I'm gonna put money on this too. Make it listen on 443 as well as 80.
object height=420 width=585 type=applicationx-oleobject standby=Loading Microsoft Windows Media Player components... codebase=http:activex.microsoft.comactivexcontrolsmplayerennsmp2inf.cabVersion=5,1,52,701 classid=CLSID:22d6f312-b0f6-11d0-94ab-0080c74c7e95 id=mediaPlayer>  <p
JP: Checked that... Doesn't seem to be the issue... Thanks
It's not about popularity, it's about how people feel about the language. I was just asking for theories. I never meant to put down either language.
And there you go...
If you have the source, it should be in your project somewhere. See my updated answer (give me a minute or two).
this is not clear, can you put some samples of what you want and what you don't want, please?
Squeak is still practical because it's opensource. http:www.seasidehosting.st uses a modified VM for sandboxing of the users' custom images. And the other implementations don't necessarily integrate that well either; e.g. VW fakes the platform look but always has a very windowsish feel.
Hehe, absolutely :)
Didn't work on that as I have to still declare the var afterwards.
If that's the case then I agree with chosta... we need to see the sending code.
Can I send Applescrit commands from some more usual language like Ruby, Perl, or Python?
Even with an included JavaScript file?
No you don't. But since any process can blast data back at your client programs often check to see if they are receiving data from where they sent it. Among several possibilities is the one in which your client is simply tossing the data because your server sub-process is using a different port.
ahh, then you are looking for the transformed points
Once I updated the Buffer size and copied it out to the testing server.  Somehow I forgot to clear the cache out so it was running the old version.  Once I did a clean compilerelease and restarted the site and cleared the cache it worked.  IT was just the buffer size I needed to up.
I looked at it through Firebug and didnt see anything out of the ordinary.
Likewise, go from problem statement to code instantly is TDD: code the problem because it's a more direct mapping.  Once the problem is expressed in code, its solution can be verified.
I will try that thanks. I do wonder how useful master pages are when you have partial views...
Does the example code provided not work on your side? A straight copy-paste of the above code works just as it should. Perhaps expand on your particular scenario more?
This way you can easily get an old version up and running quickly.
I definitely think that could work - but I have to be honest - I haven't worked with PHP4 in probably 3 years. Maybe longer.  Stop by and leave a comment here if you manage to get it working!
Well, at least in editmode you should see the custom usercontrol. The cell itself will still have to paint (pretend) that there is a combobox + a textbox. Maybe the [mono implementation](http:www.koders.comcsharpfidA007D20790ED5F373E98CDAB06E10F7788C648E3.aspx) helps you?
Is this a user control or a server control?
Aren't all time zones fixed?  We just change time zones during the summer, we don't move the time within those time zones...
A view isn't a bad option.  However, I worry about being able to use ORM tools like Hibernate with views.  I have not specifically done this, but from a quick search it seems that it may be problematic for inserts  updates.
Yeah, with the don't want to duplicate custom methods requirement, you're out of luck. Into a single DBML file you go.
I am going to try and find out...
I stand corrected.
I mean very basic C.  As in chapter 1 of K&R.  Unix wouldn't be Unix without C.
thanks mmyers, my eyes feel much better now.
I disagree. DOM implementations across browsers are so inconsistent, some kind of framework is a necessity. It's just as bad as CSS, if not worse. See http:video.yahoo.comwatch440398111812238
Excellent stuff, I see my mistake now, thanks.
Did you mean I should use something like this ?
This will be true for any application which is debugging your app, not just visual studio
Does KDE4Win have a Konsole app included? I couldn't find it.
fuzzy-waffle: Please see attempt 3 in my answer by the way.
Well then you clearly did not give us all of the relevant code (or a question)
The application code does not need file system access. But OSGi needs it internally. Is that a legitimate need? Maybe, maybe not.
It doesn't seem to matter.
Just out of curiosity if you change the return type List<JobDescriptionDto> to type List<int> on both places, does it compile?
Thanks, it was so I couldn't gain any reputation from a joke. (Though now I think it works both ways.)
Common trick is multiplying on 1L first instead of casting:
It's a key difference -- if Java were really pass by reference then if you said myHashMap.get(2)=null then the original object passed in to the HashMap with key 2 would now be null.  But it won't.  Yes, the whole pass by value where the value is actually a reference is confusing, but it's important to actually understand it.
Not to ctrl-k-d, its going to have be an extra keystroke, I believe. You could however, likely call the 'autoformat' within the macro first.
Would you explain your implementation?
Wow, now that is detailed... I think I'm happy enough to ignore a potential error every approximately 18 months.
It might not be possible from pure VBScript, but since the question is about Word, it can be done easily by pasting the object in Word (see the answer by codeape)
tats ok.. I have sent an e-mail. How will send the dynamically generated E-Ticket?
Hmm, on the contrary, I would believe that instance methods need more synchronization because most of the time they use the external state of the object they are defined in, whilst, the static methods, use local variables (stack based) that are not shared between different (possibly parallel) invocation of the method. So I think in this particular case, the sync may be ok (because it uses a shared resource), but I wouldn't make that a general, best practice, rule.
Maybe if you ran this thread early in the application it would solve the caching issue?
adding to question
I was able to successfully bind the entity to a grid with readwrite.  However, the grid then fills in with all the data.  Linq allows queries, but the results are separate from the entity.  Binding to the query results is thus read-only.  An unfiltered grid isn't very usable. :-(
Can't believe I missed that one as well.
So you layer Comments over the top, and then style the textarea so it doesn't use the overlapped space at all?
Yeh, but needs refactored. Legacy VB6 code, youknow...
O snap, was it that simple?? I really need to brush up my jquery basics. Thank you so much!
I believe that what the OP means by real-time scenario is better described by the term real-life scenario.
No. In fact the dump file will issue one command per structure (table, view, sp, index, etc.).
What is wrong with this? Please post the reason when down-voting. It will help me realize my mistake. Thanks.
But i3 is also an int... why is it negative then?
i would just like to express my indignation about Java's bytes. As I learned it, byte is by definition a number between 0 and 255 and therefore the complete mess they have done to byte in Java can not be excused. The -128..127 calls for a new primitive data type.
Just ran into this. Does anyone have a solution?
What do you mean by execute line to line?
Just updated the answer to clarify  emphasize the last sentence.
Oh, never mind the OS, I see it now.
wow, you're everywhere.  Its hard to understand what you're asking.  Try to ask a clear question in as few lines as possible.  Also, a sample containing what you are doing now would help.
In the hopes of building something akin to a desktop widget, where the show desktop function of a window manager could provide easy access thereto. Maybe it's a mistake to try to use a Window object for this; I'm open to other suggestions.
I would like to see that definition.  The definitions I googled say that a byte is 8 bits, enough to represent a character.
Where can it be downloaded? The link doesn't seem to be on www.asp.net anymore.
That my friend, as weird as it may sound, IS the ~exact code. I used exit(printr()) on each point I represented with a variable in this code (a and b).
Are you trying to parse SQL from some app, or do you want to run the SQL statement afterwards?
Yes that's exactly what I am trying to do.
Yeah, I downloaded MacSVN, but then just dug into the CLI itself with this great <a href=http:www.rubyrobot.orgtutorialsubversion-with-mac-os-x>tutorial<a> and it was much easier than I was expecting!
didn't work either :(
Good call, [smacks head!] I should have thought of that
It is very unpractical to write stackoverflow, ebay, youtube, or twitter in functional languages. All other types of applications are c..p that doesn't deserve any attention. That's why functional languages that solve shortest path, printed circuit optimization, image recognition and other theortical stuff are tought second.
Dr. Scheme gives the lie to your first point. It's a Scheme IDE aimed at CS students.
I do not agree (yet). There is nothing being inherited.
Those are very nice indeed, learned a lot from those short clips :).
Invalid can also mean a person with a disability in English, according to teh wiki: http:en.wikipedia.orgwikiInvalid
Why would you say C++ is implemented in C? Can you clarify please? Thanks!
would it be possible to email me so I can help you better? It's difficult to understand what problems you are having without a thorough explanation and source code.
I think your final edit sums it up perfectly, it is exactly right.
Yes, nice software and there are several ways to write a backend (the pipe being the simplest).
From what I can read of this regex, the group n1 will contain all the words inside the double-quoted value attribute.
it totally absolutely works! had to think some more because I had to work on the B first and then display A. But that too is possible. Thanks!
Thanks for that,  but I'm not too keen on the edit templates.  Had bother with them in the past and I try to avoid them now!
Rolling back to the original author's accepted version - If you roll it back to the NSFW version, be aware that this is NOT what the author did (see his revision 3 and revision 6 if you aren't sure what he really wanted).  If you believe that the original author's wishes are not important, please read http:blog.stackoverflow.com200904in-defense-of-editing - in the case where the original poster is unwilling to accept the edits and actively rejects them   please do not force the issue.
if your boss does not like groovy for non-technical reasons (e.g., aesthetics, personal preferences etc), then heshe would be unlikely to accept functional java...
Is there a specific situation that you think will cause a hiccup in the service itself?
I'm not aware of any way to change that except for modifying the XML of the WSDL on the fly.  I'm not sure of the performance implications though.  This article doesn't completely address your situation but may get you started on how to modify the SOAP message content.
If anyone reads this and have the same needs you can find information on how to make HTTP Requests from C here:
Paul, I am not saying to always accept work.  I am saying politely remind the person giving the orders of your concerns and if they do not agree - do it anyway, unless there is a moral reason not to.  When you get to be the manager, you'd want the same thing.  Doesn't anyone watch Star Trek anymore TNG or OTS?  Remember Number One would let Captain Picard know of anything wrong and sometimes Jean-Luc would agree and sometimes he wouldn't.  That's all I'm saying
And even in the phone book scenario a good index would be all that's needed, but there are still very narrow uses where normalizing the name makes sense.
Thanks, that was a very interesting series of articles.  If I decide to build my own DAL from scratch, I may use this method.  But I'll have to convert it to VB since I don't really know C very well.
File sizes from the directory is a good idea, but random bytes is useless since you still have to compare the whole file to be reliable. And any sort of checksum is going to be slower than a buffered byte-by-byte compare.
No i cant use XPath.To be honest i dont know how to use XPath here.
Yes. http:social.msdn.microsoft.comForumses-ESwindowsazurethread1dbb09e7-6742-4e08-8a44-b870dd98b424
Thanks. That's a great tip for IE debugging especially for IE6-7. Though I am not a fan of IE8 debugging feature but it's a start.
The only other thing I can do it just remove that line, but I wanted to demonstrate UTF8 really.
The Generate Documentation option is enabled for me as soon as I add modeling support to a project (Delphi 2009 Architect).  What SKU do you have?  I'm pretty sure this isn't available in Professional.
Actually, I'm looking at my usage report now and I see a Requests-Tier2 charge for each HeadBucket (as expected, that's 0.0110,000). But I also see a DataTransfer-Out-Bytes and it's higher than I would expect. (For instance, in one hour for one HeadBucket, I have 200kB?!). I would put in a request to AWS support asking about that. Please post an updated here.
Which performance counters should I look for? The problem is not anywhere. Because as I wrote in my question the service is always executiong fast when I execute the service directly from the application server.
I did quite a bit of looking around before posting. Sometimes one just can't find a match on the same words others choose to use.
Have you measured the results?
Excellent question, I'm glad to see it on Stackoverflow! +1!
JSF isn't too bad...as long as you try to confine it to the view.  I try to stay as far away from phase listeners, component binding, custom converters, managed beans, and its horrid navigation as I can.  I'm using Spring for IoC and Spring Web Flow for the controller.  So far, SWF is the sanest web framework I've seen...though I have to admit the only other experience I have is with Servlets, Struts, and JSF.
+1 Elegant, concise, clear. It's not a question of pretty or clever, it's about clarity of purpose and extent of effect.
can u elaborate on that?
If you can provide a sample of your table structures it might be easier to provide an answer.
The same errors occur in the separate Emacs. Mac OS 10.5.6.
That's why we join on the NULL identifier
Well, people shouldn't be using IE anyway. ;) In all seriousness, though, there are workarounds for IE6's lack of a max-width attribute, easily found via Google. They look pretty ugly, though. Oh, and rewriting the CSS on-the-fly via JavaScript might work interesting idea.
I would think from my own experience that unless you WRITE to the Console using Console.WriteWriteLine, there won't be any visible console at all. So yes, I guess, you should be able to have a completely invisible console app run at 1am in the morning :-)
This probably isn't programming related, but I'd like to know if what Adi's claiming is true or not.
If you don't need to edit all 100+ assemblies at the same time, you can just reference some of the assemblies instead of including them as projects.
Or 'accessibility.js' ;)
thanks ... would be more helpful if i got a simple example as I am new to as!
++ for the acceptable workaround.
That article gives the exact answer:
Where will the object graph be coming from that those expressions will be applied to?
Thanks, 1. I think there is an option for whether ant forks or not. 2. Setting up a java server process is a cute idea, though I'm not sure how to go about it :-).  3. Most of the time (not always) there is already only one file to compile (though I see that the compiler would also already be loaded, too)
You can then further that along by only checking for product searches done by people of the same demographic information (caucasian males aged 18-24 for example).
I don't think so. It might help you to Google 'firebug'.
Sorry... (Hey, why am I apologizing for being helpful?)
I think anyway it's more important to find out why two overlays are created.  I can see them both being appended in firebug.  Also, since two overlays have opacity 50 I can actually see a difference in overlay bg colour
Won't happen, I'm parsing VB
Sorry, I want to get the data of the equalizer
The documents are unencrypted. I didn't think this was possible but I wanted to check.
Don't apologize for being 13. I'm pretty certain most of us were all 13 at some point (though it's hard for an old codger like me to remember back that far :-)
I've added an explanation in the answer above, hope this helps.
Do you mean an item template or a project template?
hmm .. what about using Asymmetric encryption with one key (generate only one random key, or if you have both keys throw away one of them), how reversible is this? To be honest though, I believe it's best to use both, i.e. add the salt (a long enough one) to the password then encrypt the result with an Asymmetric encryptor as mentioned above, then hashing the result
No this was a vote for putting the whole thing into a memory mapped file and letting the OS cacheing mechanism worry about it
Just to clarify, this field doesn't have to do with the TypeId. It has to do with the instance Id of the owning object. The value will be a GUID, not an integer.
It sounds like you want to convert JSON into HTTP params... perhaps you need a different encoding?
The modern ides have auto identation tools, so why botter?
Thank you all very much for your answers.. but I need in general this functionality not only for Facebook, but also for Twitter and many other login forms in general. I would need to fake real browser login with my PHP or javascript script and let the user logged in after the script finishes. Thank you
Right, now I see what you mean. Thanks, I will correct that.
yes, it is the select element that raise the event not the option element
Thank you for the suggestion, we currently generate the .jpgs through a server side conversion tool, so I will run some tests with our other dev and post the results!
I'll tell a brief story to illustrate: Our DB cluster for our SP farm was experiencing massive deadlocks. Senior MS DBA was brought in to diagnose the SQL Server, not knowing we were running SP. She found the offending query and exclaimed what on earth is this? Of course you're having these problems, thinking it was something we'd written. We told her that came from SP. She said nothing else.
Why on earth would the user want to see the datamodel. Most of the time the user are not interested. They want to perform a goal oriented task, with as little effort as possible. The UI is supposed to do the interpretation of the model in the users language, not the developers.
Aside from anything else, please don't use an if statement like that. Change the last 8 lines of your code into: return pingStatus.Status == IPStatus.Success;
Can you give an example of such an application? It is not the application which initializes argv, it's the libc and the application would need to do something very special to scramble argv[0].
Jack Ha: Thanks for spotting the problem.
Great.. You covered all steps.
MySQL never fails to amaze in the ad-hocery department.
I've updated question. please check it, and I don't want to pass formcolletion values into ohter controller. I just want to get it from the form only. The form is nothing but an Index view of model entity.
Unfortunately, this won't work since owner belongsto a branch and hasone :branch, :through => :owner won't give me anything but an exception.
This is not entirely true. Some licenses allow you to incorporate other OSS in your product and sell them: check http:en.wikipedia.orgwikiPermissivefreesoftwarelicence
stringByAddingPercentEscapesUsingEncoding is what I am currently using, unfortunately it doesn't work for some of the more odd characters.
But GC cleanup has nothing to do with calling dispose. In fact, there is NO deterministic cleanup of managed resources in .NET. Even invoking the GC manually is not a 100 guarantee that your resources are being cleaned up synchronously. using() blocks deal only with objects that implement IDisposable, which are designed to deal with unmanaged resources. The point of is it not to provide deterministic cleanup (though I'm not sure that's really the term you're looking for) of anything.
+1. although, I think you should make that const char  inside your angle brackets.  You don't want to be trying to cast away the const-ness (which it may not even allow).
I started the formatting of the code. You can do that by selecting your code and clicking on the binary looking button above the edit box. That preserves whitespace, etc.
When is your code run? On (document).ready() or sometime else? If you use Firebug (an add-on to firefox) you'll be able to watch the DOM changes made by jQuery real-time, including changes to href attributes.
I am with Martin on this.  You must use autoptr or similar to preserve exception safety.  However the use of autoptr in the case above looks bogus.
Dave, thanks for this -- unchecking the 'enable visual studio hosting process' did indeed get the app to 3gb.  But how to go the final distance to 4gb?!
So this very, very close. Now i am looping through the array of objects. In FireBug I can see the values in the properties but the alert just returns Undefined. How can I get the string, dates, etc out of the properties?
is it ok now . could u know tell me
Hey buddy..
More data points: (1)  grep -RF alutLoadWAVFile SystemLibraryFrameworks DeveloperSDKs usrinclude --include='.h'  emits no output and returns exit status 1 (no results). (2) The project does not have the warning for missing prototypes turned on; I turned it on, and got four warnings, none of which was for alutLoadWAVFile. (3) Grepping the build folder turns up only the .o file, the final executable, and Xcode's index file.
Masi: Assuming that . is the directory in which you want to change permissions for all subfolders and files:
Wrong. integers use integer division, with an integer result.
Thanks. I have now tried that and it stills does not work. I have since tried it on an XP machine and get the same problem.
Try to use functions instead of doing everything inline.. it will be easier to debug the code.
Thanks Adam. But what I really mean is you should look into Apache with modwsgi in daemon mode. modwsgi is a Apache loadable module, i.e. works with Apache only. Daemon mode resembles FastCGI in many ways, but uses the richer and more modern WSGI interface instead of CGI
I don't really get the downvotes. It was a well-written question.
Do you mean whether something was build with debugging symbols and left unstripped? 
Wow... that's impressive.. I didn't consider overriding both events... damn good idea..
Does it work fine on XP and Vista 64-bit?
I wasn't asking if you specified to build both A and B, just if A is a module of the parent project, using the <module> element.
the conversion that happens is that it repeatedly adds one more than ULONGMAX until it is in range (6.3.1.3 in the C TC2 draft). In C++ it's the same, just using another way formalizing it (modulo 2^n). It all comes down to mathematical relations.
mgb - well, VB certanly wasn't build for numerical calculations, and yet it has a exponentation operator. And besides, I don't care what C was build for. I was adressing a completely different point here.
I need this for a desktop application, so there is no markup (and no property of the ToolTip called ShowDuration.
I also like case 1 but this question is about as subjective as they come.
That was quick! +2 for you.
From what I found, extra requests are queued in the http.sys queue until there will be free connection. This can however make the client application timeout.
It's an infinite loop that instantly fills the screen. Don't know if that's what you intended. BTW, I used to bring to class a little home-built machine that played a tune on a speaker. It would run 1k times slower than normal & you could hear the speaker click. Then I would unhook a capacitor & the tune would fill the room.
I think the three above are good options to give you what you need to get going, but there'll be some coding (no cut n'n paste hack) to get speak to text working. From my very limited experience of using Sphinx with Asterisk PBX, I'd go for that on the free (beer and speech) vote for a small personal project.
I'm not sure if this is the case. If I change void to int on my PC, it seems to work.
Beat me to it. :) +1
+1 This is the correct way to parse and enum from a string.
Is this a desktop app? Where are these files getting uploaded to?
Thanks for the explanation. It's good to know YUI 3 will allow chaining, and much less verbose code in general.
mjustin: No problem with changing the stack value, it is just a reference (pointer) to the object, the calling code  the owner would still have the reference to finally free the object.
the Yamlable model can be included in any class, and it'll provide addyamlfields to it and all its descendants. So, to call it on the ChildModel, just call it there instead of in the parent. No tricks required.
I'm not sure they are very similar - but the point is; the differences between them have very little to do with stack and heap, and everything to do with copy-semantics vs reference-semantics
I love synergy... Don't know how I'd get through the day without it.
Thanks a lot. Actually before looking at your answer I myself tried what you said. It worked well. Thanks once again!!!
Richie fixed typo
+10, I love your reasoning
Every time I give a real good answer, someone community wikis it. I have a answer modded up 68 times, that I only got 150 rep for. CW joke questions or subjective, but come on.
Which one, Authen::SASL::Cyrus or Authen::SASL::Perl?
name one please
yes i tried but unfourtunately it didnt work either :(
But where and how do I request? The FieldFactory still needs a reference to the container to request the objects.
http:www.tablix.org~avianblogarchives200903wordpressisabadjoke
Why would it be any better if it were in jQuery?
Actually I already have a good base in C, I only want to do a well done exception manager in my future application that'll be in C. That's why I'm searching some docs on how to achieve a good system of exception handling to avoid user dealing with weirdo message and also help me to diagnose problem faster with the help of the thrown exception. Whatever, thanks you for your time!
fooMonster. 
Do any of the proposed solutions help you?
Kyle, thank you for the response. I've considered CSS, but decided not to go that route unless I absolutely need to. However, please don't view this question in the light of my pariticular example, but rather in the Principle of Merging Images with CI in general. Thank you again for the input! I'll look into Zend.
Just because it's so simple. I'd think a lot of applicants would waste a good amount of time wondering what they're missing, and if it's really as simple as they think it is...
sam: Was the only idea I had - since you had just mentioned that the framework was installed.  Both are 3.5sp1, or just 3.5?  If you're using sp1 on VS or the framework, you can have incompat. issues, too.
Looked around some more.  Doesn't look like you are going to be able to click the Flash object within the Selenium IDE.  You need to use Selenium RC and a plugin. http:clearspace.openqa.orgmessage59114
I saw that you mentioned YouTube users as your target market.  At least on the iPhone, YouTube has a custom app built for it.  Something to consider.
Eric VB.NET Nothing is C's null
An example would be nice. Anyway, I do think more such cases can be constructed where the comparator will fail. The very idea of having an ordering across types doesn't sound good to me.
I think I have bound it to high up the root, and now it wants to use a repository it shouldn't be using
sorry - typo - its unchecked
i was wondering if i could do a case statement but have never done one for such a large query, normally use it one at a time so thought that might slow the procedure down which is why i went with the IF statement. Would i use the same format have one case statement with all the selects in or a statment for each one and encorporate teh second statements into it. Would that have been better as it seams just as long winded to me?!
Joe Getting the following error: Local sequence cannot be used in LINQ to SQL implementation of query operators except the Contains() operator.
get your hands on a microcontroller with a low count of timers, and soon you'll want to make use of NOP instructions... implemented with ; on C (C++ in this scenario is unlikely)
Thx for the answer apphacker, but normally I would like to display the right pane on the right of the content. (only on small screens I would like the alternate layout) The clear:both does not enable that.
As explained I am using the installer for PHP, so PEAR package is NOT included. You are just saying that the PEAR is there ( which is true if you use the PHP zip file but not the PHP installer)... not sure your advice solves my problem...
must a COM object satisfy some additional requirements to qualify as an ActiveX control Yes. I'm not sure what they are, though. It's probably just that it has to implement some particular interface.
Quite useful but still kinda not helping me so far :( I need some PHP specific advice
Can you be more explicit on how I can set another process active? I mean could you post a code sample?
Programming Tool - I have ran into people that like both ways. Some, like you, believe this is breaking all sorts of rules; others feel that it's a sin to have to do a db lookup for each FK just to do an insert.
Sorry, 'server' should've read 'query'
I assume we can't tell aspnetregsql tool to create additional columns for additional email addresses?
Not in any language I'm familiar with.
These are the sort of programmers who need a DBA holding their hand, and occasionally slapping them in the face.
PHP could be a dying language in terms of innovation and new features?  It has a massive footprint though so I doubt it's going anywhere...
Right except I think KVO and Notifications sounds like overkill for this problem
Some objects can't be pickled, so you just have to pickle another object.
Yes, I think that seems to be the case. Thanks anyway.
The article from MSDN does not really consider what is the best type to use when you want a parameter to catch all kinds of number and nothing else - which is what i was asking.
Did you try the special <blink> tag? That is soooo cool!
That's why I think it's probably a loader issue.  Also, double check your type specification whereever you are keeping it.
That's actually a bad idea since it unnecessarily over complicates the solution by accounting for a problem that doesn't exist yet.  Classic violation of the YAGNI principle.
Sam Tom: the event's args would pass down any data needed from the UI.  The handler then uses that data to make its decisions, andor retrieve further data.  I like to put my event handlers on a controller, to keep my VMs as light as possible.  Take a look at the event aggregation and commanding patterns in Prism 2.0 for a good example.  It actually shows a few different approaches.
Or you are using FORTH
Thanks, again. I'll go through the links you have provided.
But the problem is that I have 12 different types. I want to avoid having 12 different methods.
If you're above version 5.0.37 you can use this:
I'll also need to link, and I no nothing about that either.
hrs, do you perhaps mean: change the Key?
Yay! Reopened! I hope this doesn't get closed again. This is a more interesting question than some of the other code-golf questions. It seems like people just like to fill their daily close vote quota.
You've used both composition and inheritance in this case; the latter is unnecessary. Can you clarify your example?
Hum. There's a tortoisegit.data and a tortoisegit.index in my .git directory. But they are binary and do not appear to contain any reference to Araxis in plain text.
How are you seeing the result? When I run the script it works fine for me.
Thanks, so obvious when pointed out!
Yes, I have read this book. Very good book but, as you said, it's mostly about improving the look and feel.
I think you mean t.join(30000) instead of t.wait(30000).
Use the ASC() function.
Thanks for the answer - that's actually what I have done, and it seems to work - but it still means that I have to do it manually each time.  Any code that can shift focus on to one of these lines has to include this hack.
you substitute whatever comparison is necessary. On the 'ordering algorithm part' if you don't know HOW the objects are ordered, then they cannot be considered 'ordered lists' from a programming perspective. I.E. given two order lists of my favorite movies and his favorite movies the algorithm would have to treat them as unordered lists.
Yes, but it doesnt format it to a certain encodeing, sure I could format it to an ascii string and then encode it, but what if I wanted to use long month names in chinease which isnt possible in ascii?
There's no way this is a real interview question.  Nobody in their right mind would ask this in an interview.
Looks like a Heisenbug, post some more code (a minimal compilable version).
Where can I find the source? I googled, but no luck.
Unfortunately, I'm not working with WPF, but I will definitely check it out, and maybe I can extract some good information and apply it to my application.
Make this a wiki and you have my upvote. If not, you'll have my closing vote.
See also: http:stackoverflow.comquestions664533best-command-line-option-parsers-for-c-c-and-c-closed
I will note that any program with void main() is undefined by the C and C++ Standards, and you have no reason to complain about anything it does.  Use int main() if you're going to discuss standardized behavior.
eric-lippert: Yeah, my mind clearly wasn't working when I wrote that. I was trying to differentiate between when and when not you need to assign variables before using them (the correct condition is for all local variables but not instancestatic ones). Much of my explanation was a bit tangential to the main argument anyway, so my point about the error being generated to help you identify possible sources of problems is still right.
Jared - When management gets an idea in their head...
I've updated my answer in response to your question, but in short: yes, you can use your app db
James since you're on Linux, if you're using a moderately recent version of gcc (v4.0 and above) it comes with <tr1unorderedmap>. No need to use Boost. include <tr1unorderedmap> and then use std::tr1::unorderedmap in place of std::map.
You can try aggregate in linq.
For every action, duplicate all of the result definitions?  This is a big application, with maybe 50 actions.  That's a lot of extra stuff in the struts.xml, and that makes me think it would be harder to maintain with all the duplication.
Thank you for letting me know. I use GridBagLayout as my layout manager. I also appreciate the link for Apple Developer Connection. Much appreciated.
I cant really spend the time to understand what you're doing - ultimately, whatever it is, it is wrong. What you need to do is to read up on the correct methodology and apply it to your problem. Grab a coffee and take a read of this great article on the subject:
OK, let me see if I understand ... You set up a DGP based on a particular DB with its schema.  At this point you have a project schema that (for now) matches your DB schema.  Later, you changed your DB schema, but the project schema is not updated with this.  It looks like you have two issues: your project schema is now out of date, and your DGP is out of date as well.  Even if you were to update (re-import) the project schema, you'd still have to update the DGP yourself from what I understand.
Yeah, I see that.  It doesn't make any sense because your original query doesn't make any sense.  What logic should determine what shipping rates are 'applicable' to the query?
David, it's a know problem and if you google it you will find plenty info on the Access problems... if you do have that, give it a try... create a SQL Express Database, import your access data into it, and check the times with the same call, execute one simple query and the biggest query you have and see the differences!
how are you getting the IQuerable?
Good point.  As you say, you could avoid the problem of duplicate inserts by adding a unique constraint or index on the combination of the PERSONID and ILLNESSID in the SICKPEOPLE table.  At the momen I tend to favor not adding primary keys to tables like this because it helps make clear that it's not an entity.
Whichever you prefer?
To be fair The Rails Way doesn't really deal with the way Rails coders should do be doing things.  It is more the way that rails does things.
It's been a very long time since I needed it, I completely forgot about Dependency Walker. It says I'm missing a delay loaded DLL dwmapi.dll, which I understand is Vista only. I don't think that's the problem, but thanks for the pointer.
which does not cover middle click (paste on linux), nor right click->paste.
Because this isn't HomeworkOverflow. You don't have to be a genius, but you do have to not be trying to cheat on homework, and put some effort into solving the problem yourself
Your point about speed is incorrect. 0.5 is actually faster than sqrt.
Alnitak: I run the script on Google's logo. I get a long list of different colors. Is the list a complete list of the colors in Google's logo?
I haven't personally done it, but it appears easy to set up an OpenID provider (see bottom: http:openid.netget).  With Kerberos, you'd need to set up a trusted third party (authentication and ticketing servers), which seems like just as much a resourcetimebudget requirement as with an OpenID authentication server.
Thanks! The article helps also, though It still seems strange that the interpretation isn't left until instantiation.
+1 for reading in to the question.  This would be quite efficient.
Oops, yeah, fixed that.
Nevermind, I see that it's the main.id = child2.mainid that was preventing the query from returning any results, even if child2.name didn't match.  I was just ignoring this part of the query.
Good idea! I will apply from monday!
A domain model is not just about entities. Factories, value-objects, repositories, domain-services (not application services like an authentication-service) are also part of the domain. I use validation in different places and for different purposes, but that does not mean that I have to make my domain model anemic.
Quis custodiet ipsos custodes is who will guard the guards? It's a  line from a poem by Juvenal from one of his Satires. My likely mangled modification is meant to be something along the lines of Likewise, who will manage the managers?
Kind of tricky with 19 million results in memory because I don't have enough memory for both result sets. Of course, inserting cte3 into a declared table and using that 2nd table works as expected.
In a linear formation, isn't the diameter (n-1)?  It is the longest path between any two nodes, so the linear setup surely is of diameter (n-1) as there are that many hops from the first to the last node.  A simple loop (where node n connects to node 1) would have a diameter of (n-1)2, I think.  Also, in general, the length of the path between nodes should be given; we're both assuming each hop is of length 1 in the absence of any better information.
That's a good solution, Ish. It looks like I could have just shut my trap after the first sentence :-)
is jasperreprt?
Cory: Well I think the answer to that is The tar developers realised, and introduced the --strip-components option. :)
Perfect answer! Thanks!
that's actually an unordered list. ul = unordered list, ol = ordered list. =]
In fact this is not working, the VBA code breaks at Range(A & i + StartRow).Value = MyArray(i)... that's my problem also. Is this code works on your Excel!? I use Excel 2003.
This did the trick. Thanks.
Where are these two tools?
You might want to add which toolchain and platform you are using, e.g. MSVC, GCC?
Kyralessa actually there is no problem with multiple controls, you can use a dictionary instead, and index it based off the name of the control.  Then you can remove the extra tag all together.  I'll modify my sample to illustrate.
this was my first idea, but will that work straight off given that time & date are calculated values or will he have to wrap the whole lot up in an inner query ?
C 4.0 won't be here for some time. There's not even a CTP out yet!
Or: if (boost::next(it) == lastit)  ...
Yes, but I can't require users to change permissions as they may not have access. Also, this seems to work in pure Java. Why not Jython? Does Java run some operations with elevated permissions somehow?
You should accept Greg D's answer!
What kind of DataGridColumn are you using? Try using a Custom Column and using a ContentPresenter as the template for it. This will use the supplied DataTemplate if there is one, otherwise it will use a TextBlock with the Text property bound to the object's ToString method.
Your answer is about as general it could have gotten
Build Sqrt(-1) just might make it to QA this year...
On the contrary, my code fails often, and when my code fails, I seek to solve the problem at hand... not give it a catchy tag-line.
Thanks Alex! This is very helpful for the traversal use case. I'm not sure about the other cases though - see updates above. In particular I wonder if a graph library would be applicable in the validation case?
Sorry, but Eaton is correct - the proper way to restrict users' access to content is to use roles and access control. To map access control to particular content types, use the Taxonomy Access Control Lite module.
Well, it might. It's hard to say without examining all of your code. Sounds like it doesn't have the scope to your function for whatever reason, and that is why methods of the window object, like alert(), are working.
I have never messed around with any of the Excel macro stuff.  Initial Google search makes me think this could be the best option.  I'm assuming the Excel macro can detect changes to cells and then fire off the logic?
i need to discuss the point WMI to enumerate active sessions point that u have mentioned. How do i use it to judge  weather the machine is in log off state or not. I am using following wmi query to get the sessions.
well, there is std::foreach, and Boost.Foreach, and normal for loops, so I really don't think you are quite right there
Can you clarify more about your situation, in particular what kind of codeframework you're dealing with.
do you have an Oracle installation (minus the databases) on the other server at the same version level?
I'd have done it with class modification to separate CSS and JS concerns, but I'd def go with block for the reasons above
Have you tried looking in the nHibernate source code?
In the above question, please define evenly.
It does have internal code designed to toggle Numlock, if nothing else.
+1 for the strongly typed objects
I tend to disagree that this is an issue: I would call this defensive coding. The code above ensures that the value of a property is never null without sharing that knowledge with any consumer of that property  object.
The first sentence is wrong. Initialization of Foo is not guaranteed. It depends on how Foo is defined for the given Bar. Read my answer at the end of the page: http:stackoverflow.comquestions849812c-construction-of-an-object-inside-a-class850240850240
wow. I can't think of an instance when I will actually wouldn't know if I was dealing with a mutable object, but that is definitely a nice dance just to determine mutability. This was more just an intellectual exercise, but this does reveal a weird issue you could run in to and waste several hours on
The implicitly defined constructor in Bar will NOT call an implicitly defined constructor in Foo. If Foo has a user defined constructor then Bar implicitly defined constructor will (this time yes) call the user defined constructor in Foo.
This really isn't (IMHO) programming related. However, IIRC, once an x86 or compatible processor is in protected mode, you can't switch back to real mode without a reset.
Are you declaring global in the function?
Hi Jocob, I've been reading what you did and I don't really get it. Will something similar allow me to produce the Excel output of my report in the current active sheet by clicking on a menu item?
Interesting results, thanks for posting them.
Thank you for comment. Yes it does to some extent, as it is a framework and is used inside other projects. Deployment of framework updates would be easier if it was one dll. Further, the projects based on the framework would compile faster if the framwork is all inside one dll.
Thanks Tobias ....
Updated re your comment; unless we subclass Dictionary<,>, there is no simple way to know that you've added an item; rather than this, I've added a Reset() method (with example usage) that re-populates the list. See the button at the bottom of the form for an example.
Yes, the installer.jar can be downloaded from a Mercurial repository. After this the installer takes control, downloads the software (also from a repository), compiles and deploys it as a service.
I missed the icons under the basic tab. Thanks a lot:)
How is arr created?
Sorry, that link didn't work (Page Cannot be found).
Thanks Tom, Great Idea! I haven't think in Javascript to solve this problem. I will post my result.
thank you so much!!!  this was VERY helpful!
IIRC, the only problem with the traditional substitution is that is it's being deprecated in Python 3.1.
so it just cuts off the Controller in the name DinnersController and thus gives me Dinners?
This has happened to me once, but sorry can't remember how to fix it. Just attesting this question that it happens. Will answer if I remember
Reference counting is not an Cocoa feature, it is an Objective-C feature.  Cocoa is a framework, a grouping of libraries compiled using an objective-c compiler.
In any given string, can a character be duplicated?  If it is, does it count twice?  Or does it count twice if it's in S twice?
the ip shown by the mysqladmin processlist command is 192.168.1.3 which is the local lan ip of web server - the connections immediatly show up in that state,
Your test proves why this doesn't work, but it seems that you should be able to determine if two expressions are equal if they each contain only one property and they reference the same property.  Doesn't look like Rhino Mocks does that, but it would be nice if it did!
A program using immutable structures in Erlang or Haskell doesn't parallelize magically either. The parallelization tools are much easier to use, but you still have to explicitly use them.
This is relatively old post: http:tapestryjava.blogspot.com200711maven-wont-get-fooled-again.html,  but if you google you will find more.
Ok. Are you using in-process COM+? If so, are the callers of the respective objects running in STAs, too? If 2 callers running in 2 separate STAs both create an instance of the respective objects and call a method on it, then these calls will run in parallel. Could that be the case?
Wonder who votes up such questions! Good job, though, Splattne.
I use out-proc COM+. I tried two different processes calling CoCreateInstance() - calls from these processes do overlap.
Yes I agree, although I searched SO for this question and couldn't find any results (I was suprised that this hadn't already been asked).  I'd say the question is poorly titled, it should probably be optimised for easier searching.
Why not ask for specific examples?
This will also sum the values that are not C, I'm not sure that's what he wants. See my answer below.
Sorry don't think I could post an image of the error div I want but the two examples above both have something similar to what I would like. Thanks 
that code load the WHOLE file
Yep, that is what we are doing. The whole idea is to see whether we can work against the visual tree, or to provide a custom dom. We ended up with a custom dom. Thanks
25+ years of exactly what you said!  +1
most probably, you already defined string x, out side the switch statement, therefore you are not getting any error.
We weren't allowed to create new languages--we had to code in raw machine code in our heads while we were walking to school. In waist-deep snow.
I don't have the pID, only the name.
If the goal is not a geographically accurate description of the route this would be great. +1
Yeah I did actually read that link. Good answer.
What OS are you trying this on?
anytime :) 
The features are encapsulated, it's just that they don't always make sense.  I updated the question to clarify.
Yes, that makes sense now I think about it. I guess the HTTPContext stuff was a red herring. Thanks.
What's the problem with letting the server doing it when it's hard out?
Yes               .
As a way of a related sub-question: how, then, is it best to display a full-screen output on one display, and retain control in another display?  I know from using other full-screen applications on a multi-monitor setup, if you try to click elsewhere, you end up with the full-screen application losing focus and minimising itself.  How should I be working around this - or is this not an issue in the approach you've described?  (I'm not able to test at the moment.)
SVG is nice in theory, but most webpages hit the MSIE problem when it comes to SVG. (And work is going on to describe SVG in HTML5)
I don't get the opportunity to perform this check. The function blows up when it reaches fclose.
Good old Crystal Reports providing no error feedback ;)
Ah, this is the answer!
balabaster: or more likely... you'd be saying how doomed VSS was from the beginning... :))
Yeah, 3 of the top 25 books in the Computers and Internet category on Amazon.com were about Objective C last time I looked.
I agree, the TableView shouldn't have to be initialized every time it becomes visible. I also don't think this is an issue with populating the data, as you would at least see blank TableViewCells.
Sure, no answer.. but what you certainly want to see is change of the interface in the model rathen than source. As it currently stands, any change simply breaks code and idioms. Something many libraries are popular for; all I want is to change it as say underlying hardware might prefer something else. Why should it be a specific interface? So somebody can come and say look that abstraction is now 'outdated' yet again? It is typical of C++ and will be typical of C++ reinventing itself which is what the question is about.
I think I did answer it.  The signature of a self-signed certificate is nothing more than an assertion that the person signing holds the private key that matches the public key in the cert.
Or accepting that web development does, and will probably always, suck. And just go for the lowest common denominator. Which unfortunately, probably means HTML4.01. Or my preferred strategy, just staying the hell away from web programming when at all possible. ;)
That could be found in PHP documentation. And that's opposite of that, what I asked.
As I said on your other question, you're looking at the data incorrectly, and mistaking other components (notably blue) for alpha.
I'm sorry, I'd like to help but it's not clear what you are trying to do.
But business logic requires all worker thread to know all data that is streaming in. There is one and only one type of data coming in and every data point is equally important, so i can't really slice my incoming stream and have different data in different queues. Cashing on the producer side and bundling updates to the data model to prevent hogging has been done and it wasn't enough to handle the load.
Why don't you use a web service into your server? The web service will collect the message data and sends the message. It's simpler and not socket oriented.
To elaborate slightly, every time a processor writes to a variable, all other processors have to remove that variable from their local cache and re-read it later. This is very very expensive
What's your server side technology, .NET?
Hash calculated on an original Pentium processor ? :-)
if your field is an INT instead of a DATE or DATETIME field, you could also use enddate >= UNIXTIMESTAMP()
ChrisW, a small bug, Read(buffer, bufferSize, 0), should be Read(buffer, 0, bufferSize). :-)
David Dorwards answer is definitely at least some of the way to the solution - you cannot mix src and innertext with scripts.
Thank you, it is working.
leppie - I wasn't disputing your answer (+1 from me already). I was just confirming what Spence asked in his comment above.
Unfortunately, I can't really modify the application...
Provide the format you gain data from URL. That would be a best way to find how to help you and explain how to use regexp on example provided.
But how to do this from web page javascript?
Thanks, that sorted the issue out.  My problem was that I was trying to get everything created in the CreateChildControls.
hmm been so long since I looked at AS2, I think e4x may be an AS3 feature?
With the Edit, that was the problem, no package, and now it's working.  Thank you.
I'd try to write the listener such that it doesn't matter - I think it's highly likely that you won't be disposed. Try not to rely on finalization either. That makes life somewhat harder, but there we go :( You might be able to listen to application termination (or AppDomain unloading) events and release resources then - but you should make sure that your listener doesn't die if it's then called after its own disposal!
It's on a movie clip with just one frame.  I've found a workaround, but I still don't understand why this wasn't staying null.
Shog9, agreed.
It's true!! Why are you laughing?
use lib 'dir1dir2'           is an adaptation at code level and would not run unchanged in the productive environment, so this won't work.
I upvoted you for the correct  open() stuff, but also added the measly 2 function calls to my own answer to make it support depth limitation. ;) . If there's something File::Find::Rule can't do, I'm yet to see it.
Masi: the general idea is to have three fixed points that are the corners of the triangle, and a current point that you keep updating. To make a move, choose one of the corners at random and move the current point half of the way towards that corner. Color in the current point. Then make another move in the same way, and then again a few thousand more times and the pattern will appear. Then try it with a different number of corners, or change the fraction by which the current point jumps toward the corner, to see how it affects the pattern.
I basically gave up getting creator to load the custom widget dynamically and used promotion instead :)
Please don't repost questions. http:stackoverflow.comquestions880673wordpress-getthetaglistid-help
OK, thanks. I'll also use t to distinguish between the different threads. Speed is top priority.
Agreed. If you embed VS, every user needs to have a license, I believe.
nice design. Will definitely use it in my app :)
I,m use struts 2 with JQuery. Put my code after, ok?
Good article is Codd's 1970 paper http:www.seas.upenn.edu~zives03fcis550codd.pdf
according to the XML spec, processors are required to handle UTF-8 and UTF-16.  So, can you not encode as UTF-8 and ship your characters across the wire to the client side?
This isn't a CS degree for kids this is a programming toy. Whatever that gateway is to getting kids to see the fun side of programming that's great it doesn't need to be ASM.
You are welcome. I would say that if each of the 10 tests requires different data, then yes, this would be a reasonable approach. With DBUnit you can take a ResultSet and write it to XML, so you just reference that in the test.
What is the problem you are trying to solve? Can you quote 28 here?
I'm +1 here, even though I'm pretty sure your script won't work.  Specifically, you need to use the SVNLOOK utility to detect changes, rather then just checking against the Repository name.  I posted my code as an answer.
Im sorry 
Here's a simple example showing how you easily can calculate A^n (A to the power of n) by using eigen values and vectors:
thanks for the examples
Annibigi: please post that as an answer to your own question so we can vote that up.
Thank you very much for this tip, I must have missed this in the documentation, this is exactly what I need.
Thank you guys for your answers , I will have a deeper look! :-)
Thanks Sean, I suspected this was the case but you have confirmed it. I'm giving the other guy the correct answer though for explaining how to fix it if I wanted to.
Still a function, not a script. See the comment on http:stackoverflow.comquestions885349how-to-write-a-powershell-script-that-accepts-pipeline-input885627885627.
Why are you scheduling items instead of having the feed just show the last X most recent at the time the feed is retrieved? Also, ASP.NET MVC or Webforms?
Thank you for the feedback.  I know C++ doesn't have reflection.
Have you considered using jQuery data? http:docs.jquery.comCoredatanamevalue
For the given data your more verbose solution works. But besides being less concise than using an (admittedly slow) regex, your code will fail or require updating if the OP wants to use it in a more general sense, whereas a regex can be written to find word breaks which will handle separators like punctuation marks instead of only spaces. See my comment on auujay's post for specifics.
Yea, i know how to make that. But WHERE should i save that file?? because when i try 127.0.0.1:9876[]ts?wsdl it says page not found.
One major disadvantage is search engines may consider every single URL to be a separate page.  e.g. index?guid=1234 and index?guid=1235 are distinct URLs as far as most search engines are concerned, even if they contain the exact same content.  URLs are for identifying resources, headers are for controlling caching.
I have used both as well, and I don't find it any less bloated. Basically, what adds bloat in Aptana but is not present in Eclipse are exactly the stuff that a web developer needs. I find Eclipse great for C++ and Java, but for web dev. it is too much bloat. IMHO, of course.
awesome... COALESCE did the trick, although the SQL string is quite long and unwieldy since i have to repeat the SUM() subquery twice (now 3 subqueries as one column, oy) is there any way to do this without repeating a whole subquery again?
Yes, that kind of thing fixes the column. Really it was a mistake on my part in the first place since I had the column definition wrong in my head. This question is to find out if there is some obvious reason this can be done that I'm not thinking of. I'd have rather just received an error that have it silently attempted.
You can simply apply the kruskal algorithm, removing from the list the nedges that are connected to nodes with a maximum total degree, but I don't know if that determines an optimal solution (and if it determines a solution at all!)
No luck -- I am getting the same result, i.e. an empty list.  When I deserialize, none of the Character-related code is being touched.  It's as if the entire Characters node in the XML is being thrown away without being processed.
I guess I feel that using validations for security would be mixing logic that I didn't want mixed. Perhaps it isn't the issue I thought it would be.
Sounds like it falls quite solidly under the doing something stupid heading then ;)
No it doesn't count.
