They really fucked up not having NFC on the Style.
I've been waiting for this forever, and I'm extremely disappointed.It fucking sucks that a small, attractive watch can't be equipped with the features on the Sport. Or at least bring the Sport in rose gold. Wearables get it wrong for women again. It's not beautiful enough for me to sacrifice all the features it lacks, and it's annoying to be faced with that choice. Huge meh. I'll keep my money.
Ron Amadeo at Ars says that it's slow. No buy for me. Waiting 3-4 seconds for Android Pay to initialize defeats the purpose. And I would never use the assistant if it wasn't immediately ready.So disappointed if his review is accurate .
Thank you mods for tidying things up. Does anyone think AW 2.0 could spark up the interest of people who weren't previously interested in AW or smartwatches in general?
LG Watch Sport - barely a full day battery life, sometimes much lower? What a let down. It's got a larger battery than the Gear S3 and that thing can go two full days with AOD. 
Excited for some actually good and decently priced Android Wear 2.0 watches to release.
As someone with a Huawei Watch that hasn't caused me any trouble, I think I'll stick with that. Yeah it doesn't have NFC, but there really isn't any compelling reason to upgrade besides that and a better chip. Disappointing to say the least
According to the verge the update to existing watches will come later this year :( (RIP my g watch anyway). The LG watches are such a dissapointent IMO, when Evan leaked them I knew it, one had compromises and the other was thick and clunky. ZTE and Huawei can pull a good one here, the latest picture leaked from ZTE's Android Wear watch seems like the watch might not be that thick. I hope they price it 150$ or less. I'll be proudly wearing my Pebble Time Steel until I find a good cheap Android Wear smartwatch wil multiple days of battery life, so, never. 
Everything about this screams meh - Google needs to try harder if they want to make somewhat of a dent in the wearables world.I have a Gen 1 Moto 360, and I'm not upgrading to either of these two watches. There's nothing about them that makes me want to buy them, and the one I'd lean to - the Style - doesn't have NFC which makes no sense.
Wow. The sport is overkill and a brick while the style isn't as good as it needs to be! Really disappointed, everyone here know what these watches needed to be and not 1 of them hits it. All they needed to do was have the style include NFC and maybe a speaker or heart rate sensor. Why has the sport got every feature under the sun included? Bad Bad move google
Leave it Qualcomm to ruin everything. Poor battery life and performance. 2013 era SoC in a 2017 device.
Bootloader unlock thing again for Android Pay. :(
So Google is essentially holding Android Wear 2.0 hostage for a timed exclusivity window to avoid cannibalising their 2 new watches?
The lack of a speaker in the Style killed it for me.
Nobody here is talking about carriers for LTE? Sound like even project Fi won't work with the Sport.Anyone know more? Theories?
When is it coming to other devices?
>If youre in the U.S., you can find the LG Watch Style (...) starting February 10. >These watches will be available at carriers and retailers across Canada, Russia, Saudi Arabia, South Africa, South Korea, Taiwan, UAE and UK in the coming weeks.How could I even think to hope they would release it in the Netherlands after the Pixel (non)release. Although it would be too overpriced when released here.
This looks great but I am pretty disappointed that the Watch Style doesn't have NFC. It looks better, in my opinion and not so bulky. Big miss on Google for that one. Will be holding off for others, I think. 
On one hand:Man am I happy about my decision to buy a slightly used Urbane 2 on Swappa last month. On the other: Feels like Google didn't even try with these and now I'm worried about the future of the platform as a whole. 
LG watch is disappointing. Debating if I should wait for something like a huawei watch 2 or get an older one. 
I'm seriously let down by the LG Watch Sport which I planned to buy ASAP. According to early reviews:* Battery life is garbage (biggest reason by far - my 3 year old SW3 gets much better battery life than these reviewers got on LTE off test)* Even though the watch is pretty large, the screen is on the small side.* It uses Qualcomm 2100 which runs on 2013 architecture (although Google/LG couldn't do much here, Qualcomm has monopoly)* No apparent physical connector, so it won't be community development friendly (like the 360 watches)* Programmable buttons only work with screen on (no effortless music changing without having to look at the screen)And I don't even care about the looks (it looks fine to me).I hope somebody comes up with better watch (Huawei Watch 2 maybe? Pretty please.) or above problems get fixed, at least partially, in software.
When I look at the two lg watches and back at the 2nd gen moto 360, I can't but help think that those motorola guys really had their industrial design down.  Even though the thicknesses between the moto 360 and the lg style are similar, the moto hides the thickness much better by using  chamfer/black back to hide the thicknessIf motorola gave the 360 the 2100 & nfc, and the new screens without the flat tire, that'd probably be enough for this year. 
Any recommendations for round face upcoming/previous watches with NFC + AW2.0?
anyone see any comparison articles between the Android wear 2.0 and the samsung gear  s3?
Does anyone know if there is any information about how big the bands are?At this point, the literal only thing I care about with a smartwatch is wether or not it will fit my wrist.  
Im suprised that my old GWR are getting the update. Its incredible that they receive so huge support over the years with monthly security updates and so many updates. But dissapointed with Style,lets hope they survive longer for next generation.
WOW, the LG Watch sport is thicker than a moto360 v2. That's a fat watch. 
Are the sport and style watches the same as Angelfish and swordfish? 
Things I would need to find a smart watch even remotely useful: 1. Samsung Pay/Android Pay1. Battery life/wireless charging1. Voice commands linked to my phone1. No radio, just NFC and Bluetooth... Maybe wifi
What devices out there ship with Android Wear 2.0 from the start?
As an early adopter (Moto 360 Gen 1) this post makes me a little bit sad.
Dedicated button for Android Pay, but Android Pay isn't available in the majority of countries the watch is being released in. Good job.
I've been an Android Wear guy since Moto 360 (still rocking my LG G Watch R) and was waiting for an announcement of 2.0 and the new watches. I've decided to jump ship to Tizen and go with the GearS3 for my new watch and I'm picking it up tonight at Best Buy.
I think if they could come up with a way to add a camera on the watches, that would make it a bit more enticing. That way you could video chat. either way at this point i will wait to see what the next Gear that comes out this year will look like before i make a decision on a watch.
Time to see what fitbit comes up with since they bought Pebble.
I held off on the ZenWatch 3 since November to see what Google had in store... The Style has similar specs as the ZW3 but the ZW has a bigger battery and speakers. Looks like I'll be buying the ZenWatch. Hopefully Asus will be decent with their AW2.0 rollout.
Does anyone know if I can keep the notifications-cards style with Android Wear 2? The coloured backgrounds look totally hideous compared to what I currently have on my Moto 360v2 and I don't think I will upgrade unless I have the option to make it look like it does now...
What's new?
I see several people wearing Moto 360s around campus. Are there new Moto watches coming out anytime soon?
So how does one go about getting images and updating a watch that is supported in the 2.0 release?  I have a hauwei watch that has been running the DP for sometime and love it. I also have a Moto 360 sport that is still on 1.xx that I want to update but when it checks for updates it says it is up to date. Any way to get the factory image to flash the update manually?
I don't know...man...Moto 360 still rocks. i wish they pushed 2.0 ASAP.
Huawei watch is slow as hell. Can't even think what will happen android wear 2.0 on top of it.
Android Wear 2.0 was worth the long wait  I dont think so.It Doesn't have NFC
damn, and I was so hopeful about gaining some mad karma.
I've been offered a Asus ZenWatch 2 for 120 CAD. Is it worth that price?
As someone whose been interested, but never motivated enough to buy an Android Wear watch, I may hold out a bit longer. At least until  the watch Style shows up used on Swappa for a considerably cheaper price. 
As a smartwatch 3 owner, fuck you Google. Its still a good watch but 2 years is good enough for you. The hardware hasn't gone through a huge jump and the SM3 had the makings of a good AW2 watch. Well once my SM3 is dead I'll be back to my dumb watch.
Dang guys. This sub will never change. 
... alright. So how do I put this on my first gen Moto 360?
Bummer. Was really hoping Wear 2.0 would be usable.
[Called it](https://www.reddit.com/r/Android/comments/5ogv4a/comment/dcjsuct)Like I said, historically Google _rarely_ would release something as major as a freaking watch OS update on a Thursday or Friday. So remember folks, _any rumors of a Thursday or Friday release for Google stuff is almost always wrong_.EDIT: For those of you downvoting because of a Friday release, that's _LG's_ products, not Google's. My comment is solely about Google and Android Wear 2.0.
Yea, I don't need LTE.  I would buy the Style instead if it had NFC.
Even if it did, [if your phone's bootloader is unlocked, Android Pay will refuse to work on the watch.](http://www.androidpolice.com/2017/02/08/android-pay-for-wear-smartwatches-doesnt-work-if-your-phone-has-an-unlocked-bootloader/)  Which begs the question: wasn't the main point of Wear 2.0 to have these watches be true standalone devices? And if so, can't you just...not have your phone connected when you add a card or pay with AP?
Yeah it's not like it wouldn't have fit. The original Apple watch is 10.5 mm thick and has NFC and Heart Rate Monitor. The Style is 10.9mm
Hopfeully we get a style, that looks similar but a bit better and has NFC, maybe even cheaper. That would be pretty great.
Gear S3 here I come.
I think at this point it's just a technological hurdle they'll have to overcome. The Style is a nice, elegant watch, but I haven't seen a watch that size from anyone with the tech in the Sport or other LTE watches. Seems like we've got a bit more time before companies can cram that much tech down.You're right, though. They could at least offer the Sport in the same colors.
That's why i suggested to my wife to get the FitBit Charge 2. She's bought about 6 different [watch bands on Amazon](https://www.amazon.com/s/?url=search-alias%3Dsports-and-fitness&field-keywords=fitbit+charge+2+bands) to color coordinate with her outfits. She loves the thing.
That is really interesting. From the [AP first impressions of the Style](http://www.androidpolice.com/2017/02/08/lg-watch-style-first-impressions-thoughts/):> In terms of performance, the Watch Style blows any other Android Wear watch I've ever used out of the water. Animations are insanely smooth, lag is virtually nonexistent, and the whole experience just felt effortless.
The review on The Verge said the same thing, but mentioned that apps updated for Android Wear 2.0 load faster. 
To be fair, it takes me more than 3-4 seconds to get my phone out of my pocket.  
Not to mention that I find Android Pay failing on more and more device readers recently, especially ones that have the chip reader built in. 
AW1 got several updates that made things fairly snappier, hopefully Google irons this out in the near future.
Most watches have a slow chipset for being standalone devices. It's literally the equivalent of using a $10 Walmart Android phone, so don't expect performance to be anywhere decent.  
What's wrong with opening the app while you're in line, or if somewhere like Walgreen's, open when you enter the store?
Not really... Most people are not interested because they don't see the point of a SmartWatch at all, or because they don't want to spend $250 on a watch that will be obsolete in a couple years, or because they don't want a watch that needs charging every day.So while it's good to see improvements on the software side (and I'll update my Gear Live to a zenwatch 3 to get AW2), I think it'll take massive hardware improvements and a price drop for smart watches to become really popular. 
I was previously interested, but without Android Pay support it didn't seem like it was worth the money.  Now that it's on board I can't wait to get one.
No. One review I watched said something similar to if you weren't interested in Android Wear before, 2.0 will be no different, and I find that to (generally) be accurate. Also the lack of Android Pay in a lot of countries (Canada #salty) render a large part of the appeal of 2.0 irrelevant. Then there's the price. My Asus Zenwatch 3 was CA$300 pre-tax  (~336 with tax). That's a huge amount to spend on a watch that will last 2-3 years then need to be replaced. It's really hard for me in Canada to find a watch for less than CA$250 that has the features I want, that's money a lot of people would rather spend elsewhere. And if the primary focus of someone buying an Android Wear watch is fitness tracking, there are a ton of other less expensive and better (for fitness) options.
Google really needs to get app developers on board with Android Wear if it's going to be successful. Right now, there are a very limited number of apps that utilize android wear effectively. The Apple Watch feels much more useful to me because it actually has some level of support from developers.
It has for me. Android pay isa pretty nice thing to have on your wrist. I'm just looking for one that has swimming features like the garmin vivoactive hr. 
I don't understand why Android watches aren't sold everywhere watches are sold. Bright, animated faces showing all the different possibilities would definitely attract attention and sales.
Yeah but it has more pixel now! Important feature on a watch, you know? My Moto 2 sports lasts two days and more depending on the usage.
Yep, it's really disappointing Qualcomm haven't released new smartwatch SoC this yearIt really should be a dual core A35 SoC built on 14LPP or 16FFC
I feel kind of the opposite now, honestly. My excitement has been made dormant in anticipation for an actually good wearable experience like 3 years from now. I feel like we simply do not have the hardware to make these things actually good yet.
Hopefully they announce a new HWatch in a few weeks at MWC
If they had managed to make a watch that looked as nice as the HWatch, I'd consider upgrading, but so far nothing is as striking as this watch.
same here, I've had my Huawei Watch for about half a year now and don't have any complaints. battery life easily lasts a full day and a half on full brightness wifi and everything else on. was running the 2.0 developer preview for a while and was really really impressed but had to go back because of general bugynessalthough nfc is important to me (i implanted my self with an nfc tag for gods sake, check my history) i'm not going to go out and buy a new watch i might not like just so that i can wrist tap things instead of phone tap.
The one thing that could be improved would be the magnet connection to the charger. Sometimes I'll have to try 2 or 3 times to get it right
> According to the verge the update to existing watches will come later this yearOr if you read Google's official blog post, in the coming weeks as a rollout. Not that The Verge is wrong (technically, in the next few weeks _is_ later this year) but The Verge saying later this year when it's only February makes it seem like months from now when realistically it's just a regular rollout like everything else Google does.
When it comes to smartwatches you basically have to choose between leaving out features or making the watch huge and clunky. I can't blame LG for trying both options
Rocking my Pebble2, with my G Watch (RIP) sleeping in my bedside drawer.  I want battery life, and I want responsive apps/capabilities.  Until AW can give me those things, I'll keep nursing my Pebble.
This just makes me hope my Pebble doesn't give out any time soon, sure it might not be fancy but fuck me at least it lasts longer than a day.
Great question... I feel like it is more or less when they released the Nexus 5X and 6P. The 5X felt like you were making compromises for a *lesser* device whereas if you spent $100 more, you would get that *premium* device.    I really don't know who they're targeting with these two watches, but that is the beauty of Android Wear. Other OEMs can make watches with stock software, and we don't have to buy these. 
They MUST be working on something, right? This is getting ridiculous.Although if Google decided it is better to just release now with 2013 chip instead of waiting, I guess they are not nowhere near release.
Is there a source that Android Pay won't work on your watch if your phone bootloader is unlocked?
yes, just like with the urbane and urbane 2
I've had a Huawei Watch for 1.5 years, and I can count on one hand the number of times I've used the speaker.However, the lack of NFC on the Style kills it for me. Without that, the only selling point over a used Huawei Watch or Moto 360v2 is it's one millimeter thinner.
Wouldn't you rather have your jams through a bluetooth headset instead of blasting everyone on the train?
>During testing, the smartwatch worked fine with a data-only Project Fi SIM, which costs zero extra money per month but won't allow you to make phone calls directly. Google says this feature is not supported, but that's different from it won't work.https://arstechnica.com/gadgets/2017/02/lg-watch-sport-review-googles-bulky-watch-lets-you-leave-your-phone-at-home/
Feb. 15 seems to be rumored for the beginning of roll outs for existing watches.
I would wait, lots of AW2 watches will be released soon.  At least wait until MWC
[deleted]
yeah, LG really screwed the pooch. I'm honestly appalled. the flagship AW2 watches are probably the worst ones yet. 
This is all I want.... And women's sized. The Style got so close. 
I'm wondering the same thing. Gear S3 and the Zenwatch 3 (with Wear 2.0) are the things I'm looking at now.Maybe some better Wear 2.0 watches will get announced at MWC though.
Read the blog and reviews, it's literally there
I'm not - I was pretty insistent in my little chat with Google that Android Wear was far too young for planned obsolescence. The majority of watches have the same internals - SoC, RAM, WiFi so there is absolutely no acceptable reason why older watches shouldn't be upgraded to AW2 when internally they are identical to newer replacements. The only factor that affects this update is the requirement for a hardware button. And of course the Moto 360 which should never have been released in the first place with it's stupidly outdated SoC from day 1.
Did the Moto 360 V2 have GPS and an LTE modem with antenna's?
I'd like to know as well. The new watches from LG are horrid, and Google should be making their own in house watches to show what Wear can really do. Because, right now, the Android smartwatch industry is desperately needing a Pixel-esque watch.
Yes
The new LG Watch Style and Sport. More should be announced at MWC later this month.
you should've seen it coming when Moto decided to use a processor that was outdated from the get go. 
It seems like the top and bottom buttons are customizable app shortcuts, they just default to Google Fit and Android Pay out of the box.
I'm heavily interested in Android Wear (finally switching from iOS). I use an Apple Watch and want to get an Android-compatible watch. I'm currently debating between the S3 and Huawei Watch. Since you have experience with the OS could you let me know which you prefer, once you pick up the S3?
Nope. http://www.theverge.com/2016/12/1/13811154/motorola-moto-smartwatch-plans-halted
No, Moto said they had no Android Wear watches planned.https://www.xda-developers.com/motorola-wont-release-a-new-smartwatch-for-the-launch-of-android-wear-2-0/
mine is perfectly fine... well, it was until I decided to flash the dev preview, but that's on me. the stable build was always pretty good to me. 
What makes it not usable?
The watches come out on Friday.
You're getting downvoted because nobody cares if you called it, not because the Friday release fails to line up with your theory. 
Evan was right, the date was originally the 9th and Google moved it. He [posted about changed date](https://twitter.com/evleaks/status/827922948518473728) a day or two after.
100% yes. I don't mind the price. But the Sport is giant and I don't need LTE. I like the look of the Style, but I want NFC, it is the only reason for me to buy a new wearable. I use Android Pay on my phone several times a week and it would be great to use a watch instead so I don't have to take out my phone.
I agree. I don't like having to choose either a completely stripped down device or a kitchen sink one. I would have preferred a middle device with a large battery with NFC and HR monitor, but no LTE tech. I have Sprint and I don't see them ever supporting LTE on a watch
Would that also mean it can act as an android wallet extension? As in: can you pay with your watch if it has NFC?
I believe the initial card addition flow goes through the phone in one way or another, which is where the bootloader dependency is checked. 
My assumption is that once you setup your watch with AP you don't have dependency on the phone anymore. You can freely unlock your bootloader or use a patched kernel.
Nobody has mentioned custom kernels that hide bootloader status from safetynet. This would still work won't it?
Welp, that has completely derailed me from getting a 2.0 watch.
There's a kernel patch that solves the Unlocked Bootloader Safety Net trip.
Apple is WAY better than these companies at engineering more stuff into a smaller place.Additionally, because they own pretty much the entire stack from processor design on down, they can build everything custom to their need. LG is using parts from other 3rd party companies and has to build around them.
The apple watch series 2 38mm has got to be close, minus the LTE
Richard also has like every Android Wear watch in existence (not really but he has a lot). 
Animation speed and the performance of android pay and assistant are two different things though.
Yeah, I get it. The Android Pay thing isn't nearly as bad as the assistant being laggy. I could deal with the Android Pay issue. I would probably still use it. But I would almost never use the assistant if it wasn't ready right when I wanted it.
Working fine for me and my wife
I'll wait and see if that happens. I've been burned too many times by the hope of updates.
Except it's $350 for the Sport with NFC...
Samsung Pay on the Gear S2/S3 and Apple Pay on the Apple Watch are instant, a double tap and the app is instantly open and broadcasting. It's very convenient. There is a standard established already and Android Wear should be held to it.
Because at that point, for me, it's easier to get out my wallet and swipe my card. I expect to be able to walk up to the terminal and tap my watch to it and be done. Anything more than that and I just reach for my wallet instead.
I think the worse part of owning a smartwatch is the constant need to charge it. Just like a phone I have to worry about using it too much because of the battery drain. If the watches were cheaper and used a more efficient screen then they would be more attractive. 
If anything, the best benefit of a smartwatch is fitness tracking, which you don't even need a $350 smartwatch to do that with.
I was kind of interested, but this doesn't seem to be a serious improvement. The cheaper one doesn't have NFC or a heart rate monitor, and that sucks. The more expensive one has LTE, costs a lot, and still only seems like an incremental update.And on top of everything, they're replacing straightforward voice commands with the blatantly invasive Google Assistant. I don't want my watch to try to guess what I'm *really* thinking based on my ad profile, guess wrong, and then just throw more info into my ad profile. That sounds like the worst of all worlds. I want a completely impersonal voice command feature, like we had before. Is that so much to ask?
>or because they don't want a watch that needs charging every day.This, very much this. I'm fine with the current prices of smartwatches. I'm fine with the capabilities and the sensors and the apps and the style selections. But I'll be damned if I'll have to put up with yet another friggin' gadget that needs a daily charge. No way, no how, no sir. Give me a week's battery life, *minimum*, and then maybe I'll start to think about buying one.
Fellow Canadian here, how do you like the zenwatch 3? I don't know if I'm a fan of the colors. Overall, how is the watch? Do the mic and speaker work well?
>Also the lack of Android Pay in a lot of countries (Canada #salty)As a Canadian, I'm still unsure what problem Android Pay would solve for me. We already a universal electronic payment system that every ATM, POS terminal, bank, and credit union accepts: Interac. It even does direct account-to-account transfers, and is accepted online by almost all Canada-based online retailers.
Curious what you've found useful on an apple watch.  Haven't seen anything that wasn't in the huh...  well that'd be fun for five minutes and I'd never use it again category.
I agree, although the Style is the first AW watch I've seen that isn't hilariously thick.
I really hope so - the Huawei watch is really nice, but it seems to be a couple years old at this point and I'd rather not spend a bunch of money on old tech if something new is around the corner. Hopefully it still looks beautiful. I also really hope it has a speaker and mic, which I think the original Huawei did not.Edit: Apparently android 6.0 implements the use of the speaker on the original Huawei watch, and you can use the mic to talk.
It will be TiZen OS
Well to be fair in the other direction, Google's 'in the next few weeks' tend to stretch quite a bit.
I say the same as the verge guy, an in the middle in between watch, such as the Sony Smartwatch 3, that was not really thick and has GPS+NFC
Me too, the way I see it is:Does the watch have NFC/GPS/some thing my G Watch does not have and it's not really thick? Cool! Else: does the watch lack a lot of features but it lasts an entire week? Cool!
Yup, I got the 6P because the 5X felt gimped. I would have paid the same 6P price if it was just shrunk down to the 5X size 
Android Pay - Android Police article
We're the exact opposite haha. On my Apple Watch I haven't found many chances to use Apple Pay because it's so unnatural to me that I remember after I've already paid. On the other hand, I use the Watch to call people when my hands are busy.EDIT: just wanted to add that I'm hoping one day I can also use my watch for payments more often
But that's before the release of Google assistant on the watch. I have a Home, and I talk to assistant all the time, especially when I am able to listen but not read. 
The only time I have used the speaker was when my phone died and I wanted to listen to my music when I was driving. 
I think the main use case is having Google Assistant respond to you audibly -- e.g. for things like what's the weather like? and so on. Voice feedback like this is useful for smaller screens where the device can potentially say more than it can display at one time on a tiny screen. 
That's not the only purpose of the speaker.
Awesome! Thx
Yeah I was thinking about waiting till then. 
I have.  Maybe I've just not read the right ones. I'm looking through them again now trying to find it. I see information about the size of the watch faces, but nothing about the length of the bands. If you've seen it, can you please share?
nope, only HR sensor. 
That makes infinitely more sense, and is pretty great. I'd probably shove Pocket Casts on one.
After having used the S3 for almost 24 hours now, I can confidently say I enjoy Tizen more than Android Wear. It just seems so much more user friendly, and the bezel on the S3 is absolutely outstanding! Plus,  you get Samsung Pay with the S3,  and S Health is much more reliable if you're into that sort of thing. 
LG's watches, not Google's
Evan must have heard it from this guy.  
Yes, that's key component that Android Pay requires.
Could I set up the watch's Android Pay on my unrooted tablet (the one I use for Pokemon Go) and then pair the watch with the phone later?
If it did work, it'll work until it doesn't. 
Samsung does almost equally as good a job at stuffing things into small places. The gear s2 for example. Too bad Samsung is on the Tizen train
Apple watch is even thinner than the style and has NFC, speaker, heart rate, GPS
Yep, I can't stand Apple but you have to give them credit for their hardware engineering, it is on point.
~~And the GPS, right? And wifi.~~~~Style even has wifi, Apple doesn't~~Nope Apple watch has both, which I didn't know till now
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t6_vDrgvz7s does it look slow? It looks pretty snappy to me.
Hoping for updates is basically a requirement for using any Google product. We'll see how it goes this time.
Just about every Wear watch was originally sold at $300-350, even the older ones. 
Holy shit, I didn't even know that about my Apple Watch. It really did open instantly as soon as that second click went through. This is cool, but until more places use NFC payments, I'll have to stick with cards. :/
This isn't true. It's not broadcasting until you press the pay button on the card you want to use. I have the same watch as you.
It's not ideal, but to me it's still faster than chip cards which most people have by now...Insert card... Wait... Wait... Wait... Type pin, wait... Wait... Approving... Remove card. 
I think wireless charging really helps that. My wife hated having to align the pins on her pebble all the time, especially when it would disconnect and stop charging. Setting it down on a charger and just having it work is so much better. I have to take my watch off anyway, so if I'm setting it on a table or a dock, it really doesn't matter.
That's why it's bittersweet that Pebble ended their watch lineup. I easily get 10-12 days of battery on my Pebble KS OG, sometimes stretching nearly 2 weeks (when I forget to charge and at 10% left). I hope fitbit bring out watches with the same qualities of a Pebble.Even though, at one point, I was tempted to buy the Pebble 2. Right now, frankly, I don't feel the need to upgrade as long as my watch runs strongly.
There has to be a balance in capability and practicality. If they only prioritize apps that actually can be quicker or more convenient to use than pulling out your phone, than interaction with the watch will decrease and battery life will improve.If they slap phone apps on a smaller display that don't make anything more convenient then you spend more time using the display, battery life goes down, and the experience doesn't feel faster or more convenient.These aren't supposed to be mini smartphones and until apps are designed for the strength of the medium instead of shoehorning apps that don't benefit from it on there, smartwatches will look less useful
Considered something like the [Withings Steel HR?](https://www.withings.com/us/en/products/steel-hr)
Cough...Pebble....Cough...Obviously that didn't work out so good for them, even though I love my Time.
I've been wearing mine for 3 days now, it was at 70% when I put it on, and it is at 55% now. It's not an AW watch though. I used to have the LGGWR, but I couldn't stand the need to charge all the time.
I have to take a normal watch when I travel or else I need to bring a special charger just for my smartwatch. It's a huge pain when on the go.
My LG Urbane lasts around 2 days on a charge for me unless I'm using it very heavily. (And that's even with the screen set to remain on constantly.) I still charge it every night because there's really no reason not to; it seems pretty natural to just set the watch on the charging dock every night before I go to sleep.
A pitty Pebble went out of business.  I'm super happy with the Time Round: A 15 minute charge every 3 days keeps it happy.  And when it gets super low, it still functions as a watch for quite some time in a super low power mode.Its probably an unpopular opinion, but I kinda wish that on the Android Wear side, they put more emphasis on having the watch enhance the smart phone experience, instead of trying to even implying that it would replace it.  Don't see the point of a watch that has its own independent GPS/Wifi/touchscreen.  They'll just sap battery and take up more space in the enclosure.Anyways, RIP pebble.  Soon enough I'll have to figure out whether I go the Android Wear route or just get a regular watch.
You can get a MiBand 2 for ~$25 imported, it does fitness/HR, the battery lasts 20+ days, and you can ~~swim~~ shower with it. (I swim with it, but it's a risk. I'm willing to take the risk because it's cheap.) Now there's even a 3rd party app, Mi Band Tools, that displays text from notifications, albeit with some hardware limitations.Android Wear is a tough sell to me. Make it under $100 and have a battery that can beat a few days, and I might be interested.
not only do you not *need* a $350 smartwatch for it, a dedicated fitness tracker does a better job.
Yup, fitness tracking watches with GPS and heart rate monitors have been around a lot longer than smart watches and for a fraction of the cost. If I'm going to buy a smart watch, it's going to be something nice looking with a leather band that I'll wear to work.  I'm probably not going to take that out running. I'll use my Garmin GPS watch from 6 years ago if I plan to go for a run, which would probably do just as good of a job as a modern smart watch.
I like it a lot. Though I don't think it was worth $300. I have the Gun Metal & Brown one which I personally really like since it meshes well with what I normally wear and to me looks like a normal watch.Other than using using it to test calling my mom on it I honestly haven't used the speaker or mic at all. Though for that call, my mom said the quality on her end was pretty good and the loudness/clarity on my end was...decent. Definitely not the best for making calls with. I don't really use it for Okay Google ever since my phone seems to be excessively sensitive and picks up me saying that while it's in my pocket, so I usually end up with both responding to me for some reason =/. If you can find it on sale it's a solid watch and will get 2.0, but I don't think $300 is worth it.
It wouldn't solve any problems, but would add a lot of convenience for a lot of people. Going for a run and only having your Android Wear (2.0) watch with you? Tap it to pay for a water at the store. Don't want to carry your wallet for a quick trip to the grocer, or out at a bar? Tap your phone to pay. Etc. It essentially would allow people to carry either less cards, or no cards on them.  
It's one year old and has a speaker and a mic. All Android Wear smartwatches have mics
No debate necessary, [here's the history of wear updates](https://www.reddit.com/r/AndroidWear/comments/36c6xt/firmware_upgrade_rollout_history/)
The LG Style is actually kinda appealing to me, as it is pretty simple in appearance, thin, not outlandishly expensive (350-400+), thin and presumably light, while bringing a major update the G Watch won't get.LG Sport no thanks, I bet the battery life will be god awful with a cellular radio on your wrist.
I agree completely.    I get that it would take a good amount of engineering to fit the internals of the Sport into the Style, but I mean look at the Apple Watch Series 2. That thing has everything you would want in a watch minus cellular. They were able to get everything fit in a nice, tight package that is stylish and functional, and it really doesn't sacrifice in terms of anything.    I do not understand how LG is planning on selling that beast of a watch to anyone.    However, I go back to what I said previously. OEMs are going to be awesome when it comes to AW 2.0 if they actually jump on board. I think LG went too far on both ends of the spectrum, and there is a device that will land right in the middle perfectly and sell well. It is just a matter of waiting and seeing what we get.  
Yea I just saw that. It says that it won't setup with a locked bootloader. So I'm wondering if I can setup a new card prior to unlocking the bootloader.
Honestly, I can't guarantee that I'd use a watch for payments either; my phone has both NFC and MST payments, and I still only use it maybe twice a week at most (and then, only for things that require MST, so an Android Wear device with NFC wouldn't help me anyway). But the couple of times when I've tried making a phone call through the watch were so awkward that I never did it again (plus, I rarely make voice phone calls anyway).
How is that different from the existing Google Now voice response, though? As far as I can tell, the only thing Google Assistant brings to the table is being able to ask follow-up questions and have it remember the context.
Exactly this. I'm not going to play music on my watch ever. 
Length or width? The style has swappable 18mm bands and the sport can't be swapped. Length isn't mentioned or I haven't read anyone mention that
Awesome, thank you for the reply. I guess I'll be saving up for a bit longer then for the S3. Thanks again!
Haha NOPE, wasn't me I swear. 
Nope, when you pair a watch to a new phone it wipes the watch. And if you set up the watch with a bootloader locked then later unlocked the phone, you have to wipe the phone in the process thus having to wipe the watch when you connect it to the phone. 
That was a thought I had too. Of course I don't have the watch so I don't know if either method works.
Is tizen bad?
[Yes. The series 2 has GPS, Wifi and 50m water resistance.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Apple_Watch_Series_2)Every apple watch has had WiFi, I'm not sure where you got the idea it didn't.
The very first Android Wear devices were $199 (Gear Live) and $229 (G Watch) at launch 2.5 years ago, and they had very similar hardware (quad core 1.2Ghz Snapdragon / 512MB of RAM / 4GB of storage).The newer watches look a lot better, but I was hoping after 2 years we'd get better hardware for around $200.
Which makes them terrible products for most enthusiasts, let alone the general market.
You should move to Canada <3
I guess I should say there's no delay on the GS3 other than you tapping the pay button. No wait between when you double press and when you can tap pay. The Apple watch does it instantly but both have no wait times involved with readying the payment. It seems to be a few second gap on these new Android Wear watches from when you press and when you can use it
Or you could have a properly executed watch, which loads the payment system instantly, such as the Apple and Samsung varieties.
My wife's Garmin smart watch connects to the charger via magnet. No need to align anything, it does the work. 
Yeah that's why I'm still happy with my GEN1 Moto 36 with Ambient Display
> bittersweet In what way is it sweet
Where are you finding the miband2 for $25?  Every link I pull up wants $40 plus shipping for it or worse.
> and you can swim with itYou *can* but it's not built for that. It's water resistant, not proof. People have been able to swim with it without issues and then others have it die on them after swimming, so it's a risk. 
In theory, sure. But I'm *always* going to be at least carrying my driver's license and medicare card with me whereever I go, and if I'm already doing that, carrying a single extra card isn't any extra hassle.
Little over a year with a release date of Sept 2015. I'm really hopeful for the new Huawei watch - hoping it will be great and finally push me over the fence of buying a smart watch. I've been displeased with what i've seen so far.Gear s3 was probably my favourite - but I'm not a fan of Tizen and poorer integration with non-samsung phones.
I suspect in this case the first OTAs probably won't roll until after the first shipment of watches arrives in peoples hands. That's definitely a post worth keeping bookmarked though.
I'd buy the LG Watch Style if it had a 500mAh battery (the G Watch has 400mAh) or some sort of tech that makes it last 3+ days. 
But unlocking the bootloader will wipe your phone. And if you want to add the watch again, don't you need to reset it first? 
I think it won't work. The moment you unlock bootloader and boot up phone Android Pay will stop working. And since Watch is paired to phone it will stop too.
It's not, and that's the problem. I don't ask my watch questions because if I have time to read the answers, I'll look it up on a screen that I can actually read it on. I want it to talk back to me, so if I'm doing something else, I don't have to stop and read.
I'm trying to hunt down the band length and it's not on any review I have found so far.
Length.  Width doesn't matter to me at this point. I just want one that will fit on my wrist and I can't find one that does. Thanks for your help though.  I appreciate it. 
He meant the guy bragging about calling it. 
Ok then.  So no advantage to AW 2.0 for me. I'll just stick with my Pebble as long as I possibly can. 
The gear SW is actually great it's just that it lacks some app support and Google assistant functionality
Ugh it looks so much better feature-wise, but I want a round Android watch. Come on, Google.
Oh wow, surprised I didn't know any of that..
If not better raw performance at least smaller chips so you could fit larger batteries in there
I think smartwatches suffer from the same problem that tablets do: people just don't feel the need to upgrade to newer ones at all. I bought my Moto 360 (1st gen) for $50 during that one Walmart sale and I don't really see much need to upgrade.
The problem is that the OS is too bloated and needs to be made lightweight. We don't need full Android running on watches. That's the reason they're laggy and battery life is poor.
So does my Pebble Time. Well, a little bit of alignment sometimes, but it's not an ordeal.
Same with my ZW3
Sweet in a way I still own and love it!
Check Slickdeals for sales. Not sure if any are active now.https://slickdeals.net/f/9403483-xiaomi-mi-band-2-heart-rate-monitor-smart-wristband-black-22-12-shipped?src=SiteSearchV2_SearchBarV2Algo1
Yea you are right. Here's what I meant.All things being equal (IP67), I feel perfectly comfortable with the risk of swimming with a ~$25 device, and not at all comfortable with a $200+ device.I swim with it but YMMV. 
Bootloader is already unlocked. You can flash a custom kernel that patches the bootloader from being detected as unlocked.
Except it says that the watch operates fully independent of the phone. You don't even need to have internet or the phone near you to use Android Pay. You do need the phone however for the initial setup.
Yeah, that's what I'm seeing too.  It sucks, because that is literally the only spec I care about at this point. I'd take *any* smartwatch with a band big enough for my wrist.  But I guess I'm too much of a giant.  
You could get a first gen Moto 360 for as cheap as $50 on sales
does it do samsung pay?
I didn't either, until mine died an hour ago :(
And that is why I got the Gear S2. This thing is beyond awesome.
Yeah, I still have my PTS - but I wish the watch firmware and phone apps were still being improved and such. And I wish I could have eventually gotten a PT2.  I just see the whole thing as only bad news. (It could have been worse, but it's still bad.)
Yeah, makes sense. How long have you been swimming with it? 
Found something:> The clasp side is about 80 mm long, the hole side is about 120 mm long.Per the reviewer over at [Android Central](http://forums.androidcentral.com/lg-watch-sport/767942-i-have-lg-watch-sport-ask-me-about.html)
I could if I wanted to charge my watch every (other?) day.  If a watch had Android Pay working sans phone, that might be an interesting enough feature to make me consider it anyway, but because I don't need to charge it all the time, I can sleep wearing my Pebble (Specifically it's a Pebble Time Steel) and use it to assist my alarm app to wake me up and letting me respond before I can reach my phone - that's pretty handy. It also tracks my sleeping stats.The 360 does have a nice touchscreen but I consider that secondary in importance.
Nah, a first gen Moto 360 is a downgrade from a pebble at this point.
Yup! S2 does NFC and the S3 does NFC & MFT
It was its time 
Off and on a few dozen times. No diving. I shower with it everyday.
Thanks so much.  That's exactly what I have been looking for.  Unfortunately, this means I'm SOL, I think.  I need at least a 230mm band.  Oh well.  Guess I'll keep waiting for one that'll fit. 
Fair points. I'd love to be able to wear my 360 to track my sleep but I worry that it'll crack the back, plus paired with sleep as Android app the battery will be gone in like 3 hours.
Wow MFT on a watch is pretty huge
Most watches do use bands that can simply be swapped out, so one option is find a watch you like that uses a normal pin connection, and find a strap that works for you and replace it.
[deleted]
[**DEVELOPER APP PROMOTION SECTION HERE**]. Personal promotion apps are to be posted under this comment. Please do not downvote other promotion posts.If you want to list your app in the [wiki](http://www.reddit.com/r/Android/wiki/apps), please [click here to fill out our online form!](http://androidflair.github.io/wikiapps/) Also, don't forget to [request special developer flair!](http://androidflair.github.io/)*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/Android) if you have any questions or concerns.*
[AntennaPod](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=de.danoeh.antennapod) I feel gets overlooked in the Podcast game. It's as good as PocketCasts and PodcastAddict. Reliable and smooth in over a year of usage. I subscribe to about 43 different podcasts and it handles it extremely well. I use gpodder to sync between AntennaPod and computer. All for free, ad free. 
Last week I asked for a chess app with local multiplayer and Chromecast support. /u/riskcheck linked me [this app] (https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=jwtc.android.chess) that is open source and fits the bill.Now that I've had the chance to use it for the past week, just wanted to plug it here as I can say it works well and I appreciate the dev open sourcing the code and the lack of intrusive permissions and lack of ads.
[Slide for Reddit](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=me.ccrama.redditslide): My favorite Reddit app I've used. It's easy to use and very customizable.[Action Launcher 3: ](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.actionlauncher.playstore)In my opinion this is the best launcher. It's updated almost daily and has lots of customization, although not as much as Nova.[Cornerfly](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.flyperinc.cornerfly): Adds rounded corners to you screen. I think it looks really nice.[Phonograph](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.kabouzeid.gramophone): Awesome material design music player.[Rad Pack Pro Icons:](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.natewren.radpack) Really cool looking 80'a themed icons, widgets, and wallpapers. [This](http://i.imgur.com/7lDTj9y.jpg) is what my setup looks like right now. There is also a free version.
after reading about Flipboard's new update recently, I decided to give it a try after couple years of not using it. that's quite a nice app to create your own newspaper with tons of different topics to choose from. I also quite like the UI with the flipping pages animation.linkme: Flipboard
Hi everyone. I'm looking for a dictation app that also records audio at the same time.  I've tried Dragon Dictates in the past but never really got on with it. Most recently I thought that Google Keep was going to do what I wanted as it allows short clips of audio to be stored and dictated, but it doesn't allow long dictation (in terms of it stops if I stop taking which is not ideal) Can anyone recommend something please that will write out anything I dictate AND record the audio of me dictating it at the same time? 
Just got a phone with fingerprint support. What are some good apps that support fingerprint auth? 
Request:Games that I can play offline with some sort of ranking, I like the competition. RPG games are fun, but I just like to compete in the leader boards. I have been playing a lot of endless frontier, I just got to 30 consecutive login days! On a side note, I was just shut in for 3 days in the woods because of the weather her in Washington.I had no apps to use offline, and no service and only time I had Internet was when we turned the generator on
Flynx. It opens up links in a bubble on the side of your screen - click the bubble to open it and it opens an ad free, easy to read page. It's made reading websites so much easier
I'm looking for an app that allows me to lay out a table or list of some sort, and then drag and drop words into them. An example would be for meal prepping what meal I will have peach day. Or workouts, what my go to ones are and then to reorder/prioritize them on each day and the week. So far I have just been using Google sheets and publisher but I figured there has to be something out there that lets me just drag and drop words.  I know lists like keep can do it but I'm looking more for something that lays it out larger than a small vertical list 
What's a good app for setting my wallpaper from a bunch of reddit subs, and being able to change it on a schedule/manually. There's Muzei with the Reddit plugin, but I've tired it and it's rather buggy.
I'm looking for something that shows current network traffic (eg how many kilobytes up and down per second) up in the area next to the clock in the top right (status bar), and therefore always visible.  This is for devices that are NOT rooted, Android 6 and 7.The Play Store shows some matches but they are often abandoned, don't work well on current Android versions, or require draw on top permissions that then cause further problems.
Request: I have a dual SIM phone and I am looking for an app which can assign contacts to specific SIM card so that calls to the specified contacts are made from that SIM. I can already set my phone to prompt for SIM before dialing but it doesn't save the selection for next use.Any suggestions?
I've been using app dialer for years, but recently swapped to app swap. Both are great. The concept of both is you can use a t9 (or full qwerty keyboard) to search for apps or contacts. App dialer feels lighter weight, where app swap feels more feature rich (love the option to view apps by icon colour) horses for courses both. Linkme: app dialer, app swap 
Request:Faster keyboards? I've had issue with laggy keyboards lately. Gboard is too laggy but I loved it. SwiftKey is what I'm with now nd it's amazing but is also sometimes laggy. Flesky is fast and appealing but my phone doesn't keep it running unless I use a always on app. Suggests evie Launcher. Linkme: evieSuper fast minimalist Launcher with a good deal of customizations. Edit: yes I meant Gboard. 
What Reddit app is everyone using?
Request: an app like Image Searcher (https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.stevenschoen.imagesearchernew) but maybe with more options and doesn't give api errors.
My friends and I will be going on a snowboarding trip tomorrow and I was looking around for an app that we can communicate between devices without network or data. I found firechat and that weighs for texts but we were hoping for voice chat. I found blufi phone which lets us communicate over Bluetooth or wifi. The Bluetooth audio is very quiet and tinny sounding and couldnt get the Wi-Fi part to work. Does anyone have an app that can voice chat between two local phones without network or data?
Hi all, is there any app similar to TerrariumTV or Popcorn time but for music/mp3? Thank you
I'm moving from a Nexus 6 to an LG v10 next week. Any apps I should have?
Request:A video editor that adds white space above and below my horizontal videos so that I can upload it as my Instagram story. As of now, only vertical videos can be put on your story. If you're having a horizontal video, the app just zooms enough until it gets vertical.
Looking for a student timetable planning app? Mainly just looking to have a glance at my schedule I suppose.I haven't used one so I'm not sure what feature would be most useful. Perhaps notification would be nice But it does need to look nice (I know that's very vague/subjective..)Edit: found one called Timetable++ which looks pretty good, will give that a try first!
Is there a good app that lets kids watch you tube but won't let them touch anything that takes them out of the app?
So I've temporarily moved from Nova to Smart Launcher just for a change, and while I like some of the features, I find it quite slow. Anyone know of a widget that mimics Smart Launcher's circle dock with hiding capabilities?
Hello, I would like to ask if anyone knows of an app that works like Repetitouch, but that doesn't need ROOT. For those that don't know about it, it's an app that allows to register some tap sequence and repeat it on the screen (without really touching it).I would prefer something not too complex, but I can deal with it, if it helps me avoiding mindless farming.Thanks in advance.
for bookmarks, I am switching over to https://raindrop.io/I got tired of Pocket. It's a bit slow + their interface is not good and not improving. And they insert ads everywhere now. Haven't used raindrop very long but it's clean and simple.free or you can pay $2 a month for extra space, etc.edit: also will import html file bookmarks or from Pocket/instapaper/etcalso I like listening to news rather than reading it sometimes.beta program at http://curio.io/ is like a podcast for new articles from  The Guardian, Aeon, Lapham's Quarterly, The Point, Nautilus, Open Democracy, and some other news sources. The app lets you download/stream narrated articles. Hard to say how long it will be around because these types of services never seem to last. But I like it for now
Found an amazing free Enter the Gungeon clone. Been playing it all week. LinkmeLinkme: Soul Knight
Any video recording app recommendation? I need one that give me better zoom than the native app from galaxy s5/s6/s7.
linkme: Material Lock - App Securitya very simple, light weight app locker. All the necessary features. Trusted Wifi/bluetooth devices. Text message commands. lock delays. Only problems I've found is waking up a locked app after your phones gone into doze can cause it not recognize the fingerprint scanner and you have manually type in your passcode. 
Serverless voice chat (perhaps video too) with easy registration (perhaps no registration). Encryption required of course.
OK so I'm looking for a to-do list. Anyone have any suggestions?
I'm looking for a good unofficial Facebook app. I have been using Swipe Pro for a good long while but after an update a while ago I was able to post to my timeline without much problem but every time I would try and reply to someone else's comments or posts the text would just disappear and go nowhere after hitting the submit / reply button. So right now I am using mobile Facebook in Firefox which is alright but anytime I have to read or send a message I have to open up Swipe, which is less than efficient. Any suggestions? 
Are there any ad blockers that completely block YouTube ads without root?
Request: I want an app that will allow my phone storage to show up as a network drive for example on windows (or soemthing similar) so that I can access files from the phone when on same WiFi network
is there a really good root manager anyone suggests?I am rooted. I even have supersu pro but root requests are denied by default. And no way I can see to manage when it asks per app.
looking for a news app that has a widget that shows a list of the news similar to the news widget in ios
I'm looking for an app that lets me tap and select any text on my current screen, even on images, immediately after launching the app or tapping its widget.I know about Now on Tap, but I want to replace it with Searchbar EX's assistant, which lets you launch apps and widgets from the sidebar. I'm using Universal Copy for now, but I'd rather have the functionality I mentioned.
Anyone know of a widget app that lets me put shortcuts to apps without putting the entire icon? 
So my Moto Z Play have just updated to nougat 7.0.What are some apps that can enhance the nougat experience?
Is there an app which will automatically move the contents of one folder to another each night, or when plugged in, without root? I have a camera app which will only store shots on the internal SD and a voice recorder which does the same, it would be great to just forget about having to move files from internal to external by hand each time I use them.Same for apps - I'd love to be able to default to installing to external SD somehow.I'm on an Xperia Z5 premium.
Does anyone know of a non-questionable app that would give me the ability to block phone numbers based on their combined area code & prefix? I've been getting a lot of spam/phishing calls from the same company using different suffixes each call, and I've not found a way to stop these calls (currently using a Galaxy S7 on Virgin Mobile if that helps).
When you say sync between app and PC does it sync your listen position for in progress episodes as well as played/unplayed status? I use Pocket Casts but the sync of anything other than in progress between app and web, well just the web player in general, leaves a lot to be desired. 
I like AntennaPod, but for me the interface of Player.fm is what really works. I really like being able to swipe to add it to a play later list, which queues the download. It's awesome for when you subscribe to a podcast and want to go back and listen to all the old stuff.
Does it have virtual folders and custom URL support? I love beyondpod dearly but I still don't feel like I can confidently navigate the menus and UI. However those are two vital features that I don't see other players having. 
AntennaPod is great, but tbh, I see the app in the thread almost every weekend
Linkme: Lichess.It is also a very good app for quick multiplayer fun. 
I actually came here to find something like this. The open source just makes it 10x better
Why 'slide for reddit' vs 'relay'?
Cornerfly is basically payware 
I love Flipboard! But the widget is atrocious that it hurts. I found one that perfectly hits *all* of my sweet spot called Palabre. It's a Feedly wrapper.I can customise the widget to be pretty much transparent, the news are scrollable, there's a refresh button and I am one click away from the app itself (the title), which gives me access to mark all articles as read (so it doesn't clogs up too much?).Best thing about it tho? I read with Pocket, so I always add articles of interest to Pocket and read at my leisure. Clicking on a news takes me to the article which has Pocket button right on top, it makes everything so much more efficient. Love it so much!Linkme: Palabre
[**Flipboard: News For Any Topic**](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=flipboard.app) - Free  -  Rating: 87/100 - Search for 'Flipboard' on the [**Play Store**](https://play.google.com/store/search?q=Flipboard)------[^Source ^Code](https://github.com/crisbal/PlayStoreLinks_Bot) ^| [^Feedback/Bug ^report](http://www.reddit.com/r/cris9696)
Ive been trying to check out the new Flipboard but the app won't load on my 6P. Just stays a white page no matter what I try, clearing cache, re installing, restarting. Idk what's going on!
Try this,Linkme: Samsung Voice Recorder 
linkme: Keepass2Android, App Lock Keepsafeedit: bot got the second one wrong, [I meant this](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.getkeepsafe.applock)
Mint, Credit Karma, The Bank of America app, Lastpass
linkme: Material Lock - App SecuritySupports trusted wifi and bluetooth devices so you can turn it off when youre in the car and at home. You can send it text messages to turn on/off the service or lock all apps (disable able) 
I'm not sure which phone you have, or if it's a native Android feature, but I can lock any app behind a fingerprint login on my oneplus 3.
Money Lover, Solid Explorer, Swipe for Facebook, Diaro/DayGram, and Authy to name (more than) a few
A friend recommended BBTAN to me. I wasn't overly enthusiastic at first but once you get slightly past the learning curve it can be a really fun game!
Also check out Flyperlink. It's a very smooth and polished bubble browser with tab support. It lets you move the address bar to the bottom, disable JavaScript and choose between Chrome Custom Tabs or WebView. You can also pay to get adblock and a resizable popup mode. The only thing it's missing in comparison to Flynx is article view, but unlike Flynx it doesn't require Phone permissions.Linkme: Flyperlink
In the last update Flynx added a bunch of extra permissions that they have not addressed. I am still using the previous version.
What about Trello? Linkme: Trello
Progression can absolutely work this way, but I doubt it'd cover you for meal prep as well... Unless you have excellent imagination. 
I think IFTTT has a recipe to grab the best image in some subs and make it your wallpaper.
Linkme: Wallpaper QuotesLots of image reddit subs, pick when you want to change, even overlays quote if you so choose, again from various reddit subs.
I like internet speed meter. I think I paid for the premium version but the free one was just as good
Android 6.0 here, have been using Data Monitor to display the Internet speed on the status bar with no issues for over a year. Unfortunately this is only a notification, so it doesn't show at the top right, but at the top left. It's a pretty high priority notification though so it's almost always visible. [Screenshot](http://i.imgur.com/0ppsqOx.png)[Playstore link](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.bananalab.datamonitor)
Doesn't hangouts work as a dual number manager? I can switch between my Google voice and Verizon number without issue. Although it always prompts me, but I it seems you want to preset specific contacts to number 1 or 2?
I need this too! 
I need this too. In fact I think on my old Moto G it used to have an option where it would automatically figure out which sim to use for a contact based on call history. I don't have any such option now.
yeah, I'm a big fan of App Swap. replaced the Google shortcut on home button for me.
You can also try Peek Launcher. It's a similar idea, but instead of a popup it's a full launcher replacement.   https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.waffleware.launcher
[**AppDialer T9 app/people search**](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=name.pilgr.appdialer) - Free  with IAP - Rating: 90/100 - Search for 'app dialer' on the [**Play Store**](https://play.google.com/store/search?q=app+dialer)[**App Swap Drawer - T9 Search**](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=net.ebt.appswitch) - Free  with IAP - Rating: 82/100 - Search for 'app swap' on the [**Play Store**](https://play.google.com/store/search?q=app+swap)------[^Source ^Code](https://github.com/crisbal/PlayStoreLinks_Bot) ^| [^Feedback/Bug ^report](http://www.reddit.com/r/cris9696)
[**Evie Launcher**](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=is.shortcut) - Free  -  Rating: 92/100 - Search for 'evie' on the [**Play Store**](https://play.google.com/store/search?q=evie)------[^Source ^Code](https://github.com/crisbal/PlayStoreLinks_Bot) ^| [^Feedback/Bug ^report](http://www.reddit.com/r/cris9696)
linkme: Chrooma Keyboard
Why not try GBoard? It really is perfect for me. I'd assume since its stock it'd probably have the lightest footprint too.Best feature about GBoard for me is the backspace-delete-words (I used Flesky before I found out about it).Cursor over spacebar, Google button, long press for symbols and gif search just makes it that much better for me.
[aiType Keyboard](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.aitype.android.p&hl=en)
Sync for reddit
Relay
Reddit is fun
Boost
Slide
Slide. I tried a couple others albeit not extensively, reasons I like slide tho:Customisation:* I get true black for background (I'm on Reddit a lot, I imagine this would save me quite some battery).* The title bar can also adapt to the subreddit color, a nice little touch, but if I feel it's not suitable, I can customise for that specific subreddit!* The couple of times I had to upload photo it was actually really easy, tbh I haven't tried much on other apps but Slide automatically uploads to imgur and links it?* Long pressing on parent comments collapse it, comments are color-coded* Gallery mode (paid) is also nice to view certain photos... (It also doesn't save NSFW visits, so fire away!)My favourite feature about the app though.. long pressing on the title bar allow you to search for other subreddit, swiping the hamburger menu *also* allow you to search from there. Somehow this is the feature that I needed the most.Ehhhhhhhhh the linkme is wrong:(
Boost is probably the best I've ever used.
My current favorite is Boost. I was on Sync but an update a few months back wasn't playing nice with my phone setup. Kept crashing whenever I would load a pic from imgur.
Dash.
Slide
reddit is fun
Boost ftw 
SlideRelaySyncFor the most raw look, Reddit is Fun. 
Tried them all but kept coming back to Dash. 
[Just downloaded this one, seems perfect. Lets you add your own search engines.](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=jp.mydns.usagigoya.imagesearchviewer)
No network or data, [You might want to try these then](https://www.amazon.com/BaoFeng-BF-888S-Two-Radio-Pack/dp/B00ECWE4WC/ref=sr_1_9?ie=UTF8&qid=1486849991&sr=8-9&keywords=walkie+talkies)
Fildo
Uh, Spotify? Not sure what exactly you're looking for.
Maybe a custom launcher? I love the stock android launcher opposed to the slow and laggy launchers on Samsung and LG phones.
Link me: My Study Life 
linkme: TimetableI used this in college. Keeps track of classes, you can add notifications for exams/assignments.
App pinning is built into Android since Marshmallow I think.
maybe set up a guest profile and use the youtube kids app?
Depending on your Android version it may be built in [Screen pinning ](https://support.google.com/nexus/answer/6118421?hl=en-GB)
If you just can't find them, the search term you'd want to use in the Play Store is 'touch macro'. I haven't used them but it looks like there are plenty.
Maybe look for one of these lens attachments? I don't think another app will enhance your zoom
[**Material Lock - App Security**](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=me.ibrahimsn.applock) - Free  -  Rating: 98/100 - Search for 'Material Lock - App Security' on the [**Play Store**](https://play.google.com/store/search?q=Material+Lock+-+App+Security)------[^Source ^Code](https://github.com/crisbal/PlayStoreLinks_Bot) ^| [^Feedback/Bug ^report](http://www.reddit.com/r/cris9696)
Yes! I've been looking for an app lock with good design and wifi trigger for weeks. It was usually only one of those. I'm going to try it.
I'm not sure, but maybe Discord?
 Todoist is what I've stuck with the longest now. Linkme: todoist.
I really like Wunderlist and it has a desktop app. Linkme: Wunderlist
[Wunderlist](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.wunderkinder.wunderlistandroid) is fantastic and looks good too. Definitely try it before making your final decision.
I use Our Groceries for all my lists: grocery, to do, & foods I've tried and liked/not liked. The sharing feature works well for my wife and I.LinkMe: Our Groceries
recently redownloaded any.doit was pretty good back in the day. I like it again for now.
[GTasks](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.dayup.gtask&hl=en)
Do you have any particular requirements? I just use Google Keep tbh.
I used Swipe for a long time too and just switched to Friendly because of the same issues you're having. LinkMe:  Friendly for Facebook
Block this! But I don't think it's on the play store. 
I use Firefox with ublock origin.  You can even play music with the screen lock on 
Solid Explorer has a built in ftp server. Linkme: solid Explorer 
I've used Solid Explorer and FX to view and edit files in /root with both SuperSU, phh's superuser and MagiskSU without any issues. And you can always go to the superuser app and change the permission for an app there.
I've had a lot of luck with hiya to block this type of call but it's main use is for robodials. 
[**lichess  Free Online Chess**](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.lichess.mobileapp) - Free  -  Rating: 91/100 - Search for 'Lichess' on the [**Play Store**](https://play.google.com/store/search?q=Lichess)------[^Source ^Code](https://github.com/crisbal/PlayStoreLinks_Bot) ^| [^Feedback/Bug ^report](http://www.reddit.com/r/cris9696)
Does anyone know the difference between this app and lichess? 
Free (with iap), color customizations... And that's basically it. I used Slide, bought Relay anyway.
Slide is open source.
Slide is open source.
FOSS with no ads, and more customisation options. the text editor is much more convenient too, with formatting buttons (no need to hunt down asterisks and square brackets in your keyboard), and my favourite thing - it supports saving comments and posts to different categories if you have reddit gold (neither Relay nor Sync do that as far as I know).
You're not in a freeware or open source only thread. 
What's that? It's free
I don't know why but Palabre always feels really clunky and unpolished to me. It must be the lack of animations. 
[**Palabre Feedly RSS Reader News**](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.levelup.palabre) - Free  with IAP - Rating: 84/100 - Search for 'Palabre' on the [**Play Store**](https://play.google.com/store/search?q=Palabre)------[^Source ^Code](https://github.com/crisbal/PlayStoreLinks_Bot) ^| [^Feedback/Bug ^report](http://www.reddit.com/r/cris9696)
yeah, Palabre is my Feedly client of choice.
Loads fine on my 6P... I'm stock, unrooted. 
I think he means a speech to text app that also records what he's speaking.
I'll have a look, thank you!
[**Voice recorder**](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.app.studio.voicerecord) - Free  -  Rating: 90/100 - Search for 'Samsung Voice Recorder' on the [**Play Store**](https://play.google.com/store/search?q=Samsung+Voice+Recorder)------[^Source ^Code](https://github.com/crisbal/PlayStoreLinks_Bot) ^| [^Feedback/Bug ^report](http://www.reddit.com/r/cris9696)
Holy shit, I didn't know I could unlock my KeePass database with fingerprint, this is awesome thanks! 
[**Keepass2Android Password Safe**](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=keepass2android.keepass2android) - Free  -  Rating: 93/100 - Search for 'Keepass2Android' on the [**Play Store**](https://play.google.com/store/search?q=Keepass2Android)[**Hide Pictures Keep Safe Vault**](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.kii.safe) - Free  with IAP - Rating: 91/100 - Search for 'App Lock Keepsafe' on the [**Play Store**](https://play.google.com/store/search?q=App+Lock+Keepsafe)------[^Source ^Code](https://github.com/crisbal/PlayStoreLinks_Bot) ^| [^Feedback/Bug ^report](http://www.reddit.com/r/cris9696)
[**Material Lock - App Security**](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=me.ibrahimsn.applock) - Free  -  Rating: 98/100 - Search for 'Material Lock - App Security' on the [**Play Store**](https://play.google.com/store/search?q=Material+Lock+-+App+Security)------[^Source ^Code](https://github.com/crisbal/PlayStoreLinks_Bot) ^| [^Feedback/Bug ^report](http://www.reddit.com/r/cris9696)
Holy crap, this games taken my college by a storm. Every time someone's on their phone, it's BBTAN. Definitely a good pass time 
Linkme: bbtan
*what have you done*
[**Flyperlink**](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.flyperinc.flyperlink) - Free  with IAP - Rating: 83/100 - Search for 'Flyperlink' on the [**Play Store**](https://play.google.com/store/search?q=Flyperlink)------[^Source ^Code](https://github.com/crisbal/PlayStoreLinks_Bot) ^| [^Feedback/Bug ^report](http://www.reddit.com/r/cris9696)
I had no idea - just turned automatic app updates off. What are the extra permissions ?
[**Trello**](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.trello) - Free  -  Rating: 88/100 - Search for 'Trello' on the [**Play Store**](https://play.google.com/store/search?q=Trello)------[^Source ^Code](https://github.com/crisbal/PlayStoreLinks_Bot) ^| [^Feedback/Bug ^report](http://www.reddit.com/r/cris9696)
[**Wallpaper Quotes**](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.blurbsoftware.wallpaperquotes) - Free  -  Rating: 95/100 - Search for 'Wallpaper Quotes' on the [**Play Store**](https://play.google.com/store/search?q=Wallpaper+Quotes)------[^Source ^Code](https://github.com/crisbal/PlayStoreLinks_Bot) ^| [^Feedback/Bug ^report](http://www.reddit.com/r/cris9696)
Well the UI is pretty bland, but it's got everything I need features wise, so thanks! 
I think that's a Google Voice feature. 
I tried it out and think it has potential. Prefer using one of the apps though as I use it instead of my app draw in nova. 
I tried chrooma. I feel like all these keyboards just try and cram as much stuff as possible into their apps. Which is why they sometimes lag.
[**Chrooma GIF Keyboard**](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.gamelounge.chroomakeyboard) - Free  with IAP - Rating: 87/100 - Search for 'Chrooma Keyboard' on the [**Play Store**](https://play.google.com/store/search?q=Chrooma+Keyboard)------[^Source ^Code](https://github.com/crisbal/PlayStoreLinks_Bot) ^| [^Feedback/Bug ^report](http://www.reddit.com/r/cris9696)
I think he meant Gboard when he wrote George.
GBoard is not the stock AOSP Keyboard. The difference is HUGE.
>  I'd assume since its stock it'd probably have the lightest footprint too.You'd think that, but it's really not true for most google services.
Lack of auto suggestion in a lot of fields. Big bummer with Google keyboards. 
+1 for sync. Slide is good too. 
Sync Pro for Reddit is amazing, and /u/ljdawson keeps updating it CONSTANTLY. Linkme: Sync for Reddit (Pro)
Best Reddit app I have used on any platform.
Love me some relay.
+1 
Looks nice, thanks! But it doesn't seem to have the integration with other apps like the one I posted does. The other one lets you invoke it from a messaging app like a gallery provider and search pictures directly from the attache menu. Basically, it saves you some hassle when you want to send a picture, instead of going to your browser, googling the image, download it and then attach it; just invoke it from the messaging app and send it directly. 
Terrarium and Popcorn are not paid O:)I'd pay for Spotify (and I have), but their library is not sufficient for me.
Oh, I already use Nova. :)
[**My Study Life - School Planner**](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.virblue.mystudylife) - Free  -  Rating: 85/100 - Search for 'My Study Life' on the [**Play Store**](https://play.google.com/store/search?q=My+Study+Life)------[^Source ^Code](https://github.com/crisbal/PlayStoreLinks_Bot) ^| [^Feedback/Bug ^report](http://www.reddit.com/r/cris9696)
[**Timetable**](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.gabrielittner.timetable) - Free  -  Rating: 84/100 - Search for 'Timetable' on the [**Play Store**](https://play.google.com/store/search?q=Timetable)------[^Source ^Code](https://github.com/crisbal/PlayStoreLinks_Bot) ^| [^Feedback/Bug ^report](http://www.reddit.com/r/cris9696)
Thanks! I just found one called Timetable++ tho, and it looks pretty good! Linkme: timetable++
oh boy, I remember using that app when I had different classes every day. I can vouch for it, the widget often came in handy.
[**Todoist: To-Do List, Task List**](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.todoist) - Free  with IAP - Rating: 88/100 - Search for 'todoist' on the [**Play Store**](https://play.google.com/store/search?q=todoist)------[^Source ^Code](https://github.com/crisbal/PlayStoreLinks_Bot) ^| [^Feedback/Bug ^report](http://www.reddit.com/r/cris9696)
[**Wunderlist: To-Do List & Tasks**](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.wunderkinder.wunderlistandroid) - Free  with IAP - Rating: 90/100 - Search for 'Wunderlist' on the [**Play Store**](https://play.google.com/store/search?q=Wunderlist)------[^Source ^Code](https://github.com/crisbal/PlayStoreLinks_Bot) ^| [^Feedback/Bug ^report](http://www.reddit.com/r/cris9696)
[**Our Groceries Shopping List**](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.headcode.ourgroceries) - Free  -  Rating: 90/100 - Search for 'Our Groceries' on the [**Play Store**](https://play.google.com/store/search?q=Our+Groceries)------[^Source ^Code](https://github.com/crisbal/PlayStoreLinks_Bot) ^| [^Feedback/Bug ^report](http://www.reddit.com/r/cris9696)
If you're in the market for a different shopping list check out cinnamon, and bring! Linkme: cinnamon, bring 
Keep would be good but when I set a reminder it never goes off
[**Friendly for Facebook**](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=io.friendly) - Free  with IAP - Rating: 89/100 - Search for 'Friendly for Facebook' on the [**Play Store**](https://play.google.com/store/search?q=Friendly+for+Facebook)------[^Source ^Code](https://github.com/crisbal/PlayStoreLinks_Bot) ^| [^Feedback/Bug ^report](http://www.reddit.com/r/cris9696)
[**Solid Explorer File Manager**](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=pl.solidexplorer2) - Free  with IAP - Rating: 91/100 - Search for 'solid Explorer' on the [**Play Store**](https://play.google.com/store/search?q=solid+Explorer)------[^Source ^Code](https://github.com/crisbal/PlayStoreLinks_Bot) ^| [^Feedback/Bug ^report](http://www.reddit.com/r/cris9696)
not really, if you want to change the round corner radius you're forced to pay, and the stock setting is way too round
I mean I'm only really using it for the Pocket button (other apps can 'share' to Pocket but this is so much more convenient) and widget, so I don't really know how the app works.Good luck finding your news app!
I moved from Palabre to [Newsfold](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=it.mvilla.android.quote). Might give it a try.
It has the feature he is looking for( recording audio while also converting speech to text). The only problem being it limits each session to 5 minutes. [Here's a look.](http://i.imgur.com/sGNyuTy.png)
yup, it's the best.
[**BBTAN by 111%**](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.crater.bbtan) - Free  with IAP - Rating: 93/100 - Search for 'bbtan' on the [**Play Store**](https://play.google.com/store/search?q=bbtan)------[^Source ^Code](https://github.com/crisbal/PlayStoreLinks_Bot) ^| [^Feedback/Bug ^report](http://www.reddit.com/r/cris9696)
They added: Identity, Photos & Media, Device ID & Call Info
Yeah idk man. I just switch between voice and Verizon number like I said. I i don't use 2 sims
Nova has a built in app search, I use it on my home button. It's in gestures and inputs I think. Works really well, whenever I use someone else's phone I struggle without it.
Chrooma doesn't lag at all for me. Swiftkey definitely did.
Gboard swiping in a nutshell lol
Yes thank you. 
Ahhh I see.... doesn't lag for me tho which is great, mhm
There's an Xposed module called AlwaysCorrect which adds that. Too bad Google doesn't want to do it themselves.
Yup. Only reason I don't use gboard. Grrr. 
[**Sync for reddit (Pro)**](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.laurencedawson.reddit_sync.pro) - Paid  with IAP - Rating: 96/100 - Search for 'Sync for Reddit Pro' on the [**Play Store**](https://play.google.com/store/search?q=Sync+for+Reddit+Pro)------[^Source ^Code](https://github.com/crisbal/PlayStoreLinks_Bot) ^| [^Feedback/Bug ^report](http://www.reddit.com/r/cris9696)
You *can* share an image directly to this app, if that's what you're talking about 
From what I've heard you can use it for free, just with ads.
[**TimeTable++ Schedule**](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.timetable_plus_plus) - Free  with IAP - Rating: 85/100 - Search for 'timetable++' on the [**Play Store**](https://play.google.com/store/search?q=timetable%2B%2B)------[^Source ^Code](https://github.com/crisbal/PlayStoreLinks_Bot) ^| [^Feedback/Bug ^report](http://www.reddit.com/r/cris9696)
Thanks, I'll give this a try
[**Cinnamon Grocery Shopping List**](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.imdevgary.cinnamon) - Free  with IAP - Rating: 88/100 - Search for 'cinnamon' on the [**Play Store**](https://play.google.com/store/search?q=cinnamon)[**Bring! Shopping List**](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=ch.publisheria.bring) - Free  -  Rating: 86/100 - Search for 'bring' on the [**Play Store**](https://play.google.com/store/search?q=bring)------[^Source ^Code](https://github.com/crisbal/PlayStoreLinks_Bot) ^| [^Feedback/Bug ^report](http://www.reddit.com/r/cris9696)
So? 
I've just emailed them to ask why. I'll reply if I can an answer. I don't understand why essentially a basic browser app would require that data all of a sudden. Shady
Is it t9? Last time I tried it it was keyboard based 
I don't disagree with you. What has better swipe prediction in your opinion?
Gboard swiping is much better for me than any alternatives, even with multilingual input. 
What I'm looking for is something similar to the Telegram way of implementing web search of images and gifs (the button on the top left side after selecting Gallery in the Attachment menu), but for all the apps!
Thank you for your help, it's really not what I am looking for.
Ahh I forgot about that part, no it's only keyboard unfortunately.
Google keyboard. That is, versions before GBoard.
Oh, that's what you mean. I completely misunderstood the question and assumed you meant reverse image searching. Sorry.
Man, does this thread perfectly encapsulate r/Android.http://imgur.com/a/75mwr
I imagine expanding into the US for sales was expensive, hopefully that pays dividends in the coming years.  The Honor 8 and Mate 9 are incredible. 
Revenue is a better indicator than profit. If they reinvest money in expansion then that's a cost but they didnt get worse than the previous year.
Just got a Huawei Honor 8. Amazing phone and company. Wish them well.
They're obviously expanding and trying to break out of the second-choice market in a lot of places. Here in Argentina they opened their own retail shop with publicity stunts and started appearing more prominently in electronics shops, with proper ad space and first party accessories. It seems like it's working out. Selling phones to the masses is largely about having a known and trustworthy brand, Huawei wants to be closer to LG and Samsung than to Blu and Alcatel.
PhoneArena Says: Huawei has set some tough internal targets for 2017. They include a doubling of consumer group profits to $4 billion. To achieve that kind of growth in a industry that no longer is booming, will require the company to spend its money wisely when it comes to promoting its products.
I've never actually seen a Huwaeiei phone out in the wild. Where are they selling them?
Currently using Huawei Mate 9 Pro and I am super impressed with the phone. Totally didn't regret it and I sure hope they can come up with more amazing phones.
I will never buy Huawei phone anymore, because they fu*ked up with the Android updates scheduling.
It's a strategy called getting market share first, then worrying about profitability later.Huawei is just following the same strategy that Japanese electronics firms followed fairly successfully a generation before.Because once you have market share and your competition has been knocked back, or even out of the market completely, you can start raising prices.
This doesn't necessarily mean a bad thing, they could be spending additional $ into R&D or expanding.
Doesn't this usually happen to a company that needs to break into an already impacted market? You gotta spend a little to make a little.
profit margin
> it also begs the question: how do you sell more phones but make less money?Tech journalists knowing nothing about business. >.>This title is worded as if it's a surprise, but it was actually really predictable. Their directive is market share right now, so they operate with lower margins in order to move units.  So hopefully with the M10 or M11, they'll have enough brand cache to raise the price.  Or perhaps they'll open up some efficiency gains by improving their process, so that costs go down.It wouldn't surprise me if they some of their phones are even sold at a loss, so if they sold 50% more of that phone they'd make even less profit.In the article, it sounds like OP is going to be their directive next year.  Personally, I think they're switching too soon.  They can subsist on revenue first for a while longer, and they're not yet well-known enough to cut back on the advertising.
Why? Why?
Hua hua hua weeeeii
[deleted]
i wish they would update the Honor 5C and X line (the C was hisilicon based, and the X is Snapdragon based)with the Snadragpon 625 or 650 and a renovated 600 series kirin with a couple of A72 or A73 cores.point it against the Moto G5 price rance (200 bucks). 
Now they are losing more than the Mate 9, anyway.
Probably because they spent more on marketing, thus selling more phones.
More profit might have not been the goal for last year though. 
Just to put things into perspective, [only 33% of Huawei's business involves selling phones.](http://www.huawei.com/en/about-huawei/annual-report/2015/management-discussion-and-analysis)  The rest is divided among Enterprise Solutions (i.e. servers and storage solutions) and Carrier Solutions (i.e. radio equipment, switches, routers, etc.).Huawei's been making big pushes to enter the North American market.  It's not really surprising that they suffered a profit hit as they are getting resistance from all the major vendors, such as Cisco, Alcatel, etc.
Owner of an Honor 5, love it so much!
Re-investing in new products? 
Wait for early 2018 results.Now that Samsung messed up big time with their reputation Huawei will take a big slice of customers away from them.
Hauwei's problem is that their approach to building a brand is to keep putting out one phone after the other instead of updating a solid line and building consumer confidence.If in a single year, you put out 8 phones and repeat this year after year, for several years, eventually you'll self saturate and start seeing negative numbers when it comes to profit.
I really wish I was able to buy a mi mix earlier this year, it's a great looking phone. I'm really psyched for what huawei has coming out in the next year or so, expecially coming up against the new samsung phones. 
It might be because Chinese wages are increasing quite rapidly. A lot of manufacturing is moving to cheaper Southeast Asian countries... Myanmar, etc. Maybe, just a guess..... 
 B 
And then you have a company like Sony, with kinda small operating costs with big margins that sell small amounts of units and consistently make profit...
Don't they sell their phones for less though?
They were making a market pemetration play not a profit play. They new full well this was going to happen and 2016 profit wasn't their (only) goal. 
I wanted a p9 buy it was just a little too far out of my price range
Maybe all of the Nexus 6P battery RMAs are eating into their profits.
They should sell more phones at lesser price. Maybe it helps.
They are trying to gain market share, mere profit is nothing
RnD is also expensive if they're making new products
Just bought the Honor 8's for my wife and I. Couldn't beat the price & specs. We love them so far!
That's kind of ironic.
The company reportedly has internal targets for 2017 that aim to double last years profit to $4 billion.
Huawei used to sell crappy devices for surprisingly high margin. Now they are paying the price to go legit.
Didn't Intel *pay* manufacturers to use Atom processors in their phones? If so, this makes sense - switching to ARM requires licensing fees and whatnot so you'd have to sell significantly more phones to make the same profits. 
Canada's largest cell phone provider, Rogers, doesn't even carry their flagships.
[deleted]
Picked up an Honor 8 recently; what an amazing phone for $250!
Apple makes all the profit. 
And people think those cheap ass Chinese OEMs do well in China cause they outsell apple but apple makes way more profits off 1 one phone than they do LMFAO
Cheap Chinese crap 
Most enterprises make close to 0 profit and doesn't monopoly or anything.
Do people actually buy their phones? 
Outside of OnePlus and Google, most phones are garbage.
It really does.
Not just the subreddit but also Huawei. When you get a Huawei phone, it's great. Then you start waiting on updates and it starts sucking more and more.. 
I have a 6p and ordered a Honor 8 to try out their nougat update. I've mostly read good things so far. 
Huawei is polarizing because it seems to have a problem with quality control. For example, Nexus 6p is a great phone, but many people are experiencing severe problems with battery drain. If you get a peach, you'd be a happy customer, but if you get a lemon, you'd be pissed.
I rarely go on this sub anymore because of how toxic it has become.
I don't really like Honor because it isn't British English (English English)
They're just getting started. They've already proved they can make good shit, just gotta start working on marketing and getting a market share. I think we will see some pretty sick shit coming from Huawei in the next few years. 
Have Mate 9, can confirm good shit.
They really should have considered using a brand name that Americans can say or spell.
>I imagine expanding into the US for sales was expensive>The Honor 8 and Mate 9 are incredible.My interpretation as well.
I had a Mate 2, and after buying an Asus Zenfone 2 (and a stopgap Alcatel OneTouch), I went back to Huawei with the Mate 7.The Mate phones have probably been my favorite of any smartphone I've had. Good quality phones that put up with the hell I put them through. I don't really bother with rooting or roms anymore, just a launcher. 
Why should they care about iPhone loving US market when they can sell on the real big Indian market. US seams not that important anymore. 
Went from a P8 Lite to this Honor 8, it's an amazing phone. The difference is substantial. Can confirm, good shit. 
Just got my Mate 9 earlier this week. Seriously stunned by it.
Revenue isn't a better indicator though. Here's an example. A company can sell $10bn in phones at cost which would make their gross profit margin = 0% (Revenue minus COGS divided by Revenue) but revenue would be $10bn. That's a company that needs to close down (in MOST cases).It's a sign of bad company health because that means net profit margin is going to be super negative when taking into account R&D and other operating expenses. Gross only accounts for COGS which you better damn be positive in. If not, that is a company that is hemorrhaging money.Now this is for MOST cases. Here's an example of an outlier that many below seems to be grasping to for some reason even though it isn't the norm:Some companies like UBER or Spotify are able to function this way because they are going for the long game with mass-scale. This is not MOST companies, this is an edgecase. Look at UBER. Their goal is to just axe all their drivers and replace them with self-driving vehicles. UBER is just trying to buy themselves enough time until autonomous vehicles finally become a thing. At that point, UBER can remove their largest COGS line item - driver labor cost. Once that happens, all of a sudden their gross margin becomes positive.It's kinda funny how people are also saying but it's a good thing to be gross margin 0 or negative if it gives jobs! Look at UBER, that's super short-term thinking. It gives jobs to tons of drivers in the short term. Guess what is happening to all of those jobs in a few years? They will be GONE. People investing in being an UBER driver right now as a career are in for a huge surprise.Gross margin and revenue would be good but just revenue alone doesn't mean much at all. When **just** looking at revenue, you're making a **huge** assumption that the company is gross margin positive. No. You need to know their gross margin at the very least to get an idea of company health.Gross margin is before expenses so everyone who is complaining saying company reinvestment is better than money sitting in a bank account, I'm not disagreeing? Obviously you should be reinvesting into your company for expansion and such. That normally doesn't come directly out of COGS though, that comes out of operating expenses which is net margin..
Expansion would be a depreciable expense. They wouldn't be reporting the entire cost, only a small bit.
[Look.. our pricing model is fine. I reviewed the numbers myself. Over time with enough volume, we can become profitable.](https://youtu.be/nHXlE2-YRaI?t=456)
i work customer service for a european cell-provider and i've been told by higher-ups that we are selling Huawei phones so cheap right now because they want market-shares, i mean ~240USD for a Honor 8 is retardedly cheap.
Same.  Honor 8 is awesome. 
Phones are amazing - company is horrible. They update history is f*cked up. Honor 7 got about one year (one!) of updates and it was one of their flagships... So, i'm wishing you more luck than i had.
Had mine since November. What an amazing thoroughly thought out phone. Cue 2584588 Indians comparing phones by specs only. 
I'm heavily considering an Honor 8, it seems like an amazing midranger.  Just gotta save some cash haha
I hope you enjoy Nougat. Because you'll never see another release on it. Maybe a couple security patches, but no Android O(it better be -reo).Still, it's a fantastic phone in terms of hardware, but EMUI 3.x was absolutely God-awful, but 4.0 looks promising. I have an acquaintance with this phone, but I haven't seen her since the update was released this morning. I'll have to check it out to see how much of a difference it made. 
If you looked at the profit margins in China's phone sales, newer companies like OPPO and Vivo are beating them in most cases within China and expansion in SE Asia https://www.cnet.com/au/news/oppo-and-vivo-beat-huawei-and-xiaomi-to-top-china/
Never seen a Nexus 6P?
Sweden
Not the US for sure.
Europe mostly
In Mexico you can see a ton.
Best Buy.
It's by far the phone I see more after samsung here, besides the no brand network phone, more than iPhone at least. 
Huawei P9 here, good phone overall but shit iOS-inspired interface.
I'm with you. I've had Mate 9 pro for about a month and it's rock solid so far.
Where do you buy this thing? Seems hard to find - maybe I'm looking at the wrong places
I'm on the fence with the company right now because of all the quality issues I'm having with my Nexus 6p. Don't get me wrong I love my phone but seeing the aluminum folding and bending near the volume and power button drives me insane. 
Looking at state of profitability in the phone market, unless your company is Apple or Samsung, seems like later is synonymous with as good as never.  
Hard to make money selling smartphones that are quickly becoming universally boring commodities. Redditors would have you think that simplifying product lines would help you sell a bajillion phones, like if they sold the Huawei P9s alone and nothing else.But the reality is they probably would've basically sold the exact same number of P9s as they do now.
Or as Flossy calls it: Hawaii
Huawei phones are overpriced tbh.
They might be cheaper, sure, but not 1/5th.
They have updated the x line - the honor 6x is the successor.  It has a kirin 655 chipset.  There is no update to the 5c yet though
Yeah. No.
Lol. Samsung may have bad a serious setback with the Note 7 but data already shows that those users simply went to the S7 phones.Samsung is far from over. 
Rofl. The only people that burn money on cheap chinese knockoffs that spy on you are broke fucks. 
> If in a single year, you put out 8 phones and repeat this year after year, for several yearsYou mean like Samsung does?I mean, they name *everything* Galaxy-this-or-that, but they do put out a million different phone models.
Did Huawei even make phones with Atom processors, a quick Google search didn't bring any up? 
Canada's mobile phone system sucks the life out of customers. I've been in Australia for a while now and their prepaid system (not perfect) is so much better than all that contract crap with telus, bell, Rogers etc.   Gonna be in Canada for 3 months soon, not looking forward to whatever crap deal I'm gonna get while I'm there.  I just bought the new mate 9 after 3+ years with a Galaxy Note 3, I just couldn't wait for the release of the new S8 from Samsung and couldn't handle the thought of downsizing to the S7 edge. Can't stand that skinny edgy shit.
then what matters?
No? Most successful enterprises in every business make quite a lot of profit, be it smartphones, cars, aircrafts or weapons.
oh they obviously don't, it's only the third biggest smartphone manufacturer when it comes to sale numbers worldwide, just after Apple and Samsung.
k
Says the person with a Xiaomi which is skinned af and a low end moto
It really doesn't. 
It's more of an android problem then a Huawei.
It should just not get better, not start to suck more. For people that don't keep up with android news, and therefore Android updates, they'll never even know that they're behind or whatever. I've stopped caring about being on the absolute latest version. They don't add too much these days. Most developments are made through individual app updates or whatever these days too. As long as I get security updates every other month then waiting until I buy a new phone to get the latest version of Android isn't too bad for me. 
Or you just use custom ROMs, because thankfully there's a reasonably strong dev community.  
should i talk about my xperia e4
My 6p got updates just fine but that doesnt count, also shitty battery
Well it helps that they offer 1-to-1 exchanges for any hardware defects on their phones while under warranty. 
So like LG?
So like LG?
I can attest,  their smart watch is the shit.  Love it. 
> and getting a market shareThat's an aim, not a useful tool. PS: Unless you're the Chinese government doing shady shit to wreck the Western competition by way of state-funded, illegal undercutting to create a monopoly after ruining everyone else's prices and possibly buying them out dirt cheap and ripping off their patents and infrastructures etc.
Thumbs up to that..  shit's slick..
got mine two days ago. Shoved Nova Launcher on and life is good.
Doesn't support OK Google, which is the only thing I don't like about mate 9
Will they be making something with similar specs to the Mate 9 that has a 2k OLED screen? After using my S6 Edge for 2 years I can't go back to 1080p LCD.
Really? I think Huawei is quite intuitive to say and spell, especially compared to something like Xiaomi heh
At least Honor is simple to say. And honestly, people will probably go for the 8 more than the Mate 9, anyway.
If Americans can figure out Ben Roethlisberger or Le'Veon Bell, then they can figure out Huawei.
They do, the Honor series is their US branch
Agreed, love my Mate 7. I haven't found a better phone yet worth upgrading to. Maybe the Samsung Galaxy 8 plus will be the one.
Not really. Most enterprises make close to 0 profit in non innovating competitive markets. You can sustain a profit by (a) having a monopoly (natural or institutional) (b) setting a cartel price (c) being a monopolistic competitor competing through innovation.
Actually, companies continue to operate until they are losing more than their average fixed cost. Source: economics student
> a company can sell $10bn in phones at cost and their profit = 0 but revenue is $10bn. That's a company that needs to close down.what you're saying is elementary. in the real world, any $10B business with 0 profit will cut costs and make the person who did it very rich
I think what /u/yupthup is getting at is that they'll spend a pile of money one year to sink into R&D and expansion, but they (presumably) won't have to spend that the next year and can make up their losses then.I have no idea if that's the case with Huawei but I think that's what we're talking about here.
And that's why companies become monopolistic and just bad to employees and customers alike. Yoyr thinking will lead to cutting costs at all costs and taking it out on everyone just so you can point to profits! The reality is reinvestments in the company provides more value then unspent cash
Um no, a lot of company operate like that, ton of revenue, very little profit, eg. GM or United Airlines, they provide important product/service and create millions of jobs, just not a lot of profits.
Wait, you think a company that breaks even should close up? How? Why? If you're breaking even, you're doing alright. If you're profitable, you're good.
That's absolutely incorrect.
Haven't got my Nougat yet. Wtf dud
you say that now, just wait till you are very angry for the very late updates
Glad I'm not the only one that has realized that stereotype. 
And needed a budget phone with good specs after my note 4 died.  This phone has been better in every single way.  Probably never buying any flagship again if these phones are this good for $280
Oppo and Vivo are aggressively marketing their phones everhwere in my location. Billboards, pop up stores, retail stores, you name it.It's no surprise they've taken market share so fast over the past year.
... No, actually
Yup, I bought my mom one last year. It's pretty, runs fast and takes decent pictures. 10/10 would buy again.
I've seen them inside T-mobile stores but almost everyone I know has Samsung. Some have LG or HTC. And I still know a couple people using iPhones.
Hahaha I try not to pay attention to that, I mean with Nova Launcher it's suddenly not iOS-lookalike anymore.
Amazon sells them. Got mine from them.
I'm in Malaysia and there are many Huawei outlets here haha!
The 6p is the only Huawei phone that has shot build quality. I just switched from it to the mate 9 and its way better. The UI is sickening though. It borrows so much from iOS. 
My girlfriends family (all wealthy mainland Chinese) all have Huawei, except her (iPhone). I think they're going to be fine.
Compared to Xiaomi devices, 100% agree with you. Problem is Xiaomi distribution channel is grade a garbage.
Well, I don't know where do you live, but in Italy the trend has already started.
Hmm you might be right - all I can find is the ZenFone from Asus. I could've sworn Intel worked with Huawei on a phone but maybe it was just the LTE modems. 
I managed to upgrade from my HTC M8 to a 6P right before the Pixel came out, I'm fairly happy, I pay too much but my phone works. My wife wasn't so lucky her phone has become almost useless and she runs a business from it, where she stands pretty well her only option is iphone (not an option), Samsung (not an option in our house) and Pixel XL which is somethign like $300 upfront. We're not sure what to do.
[deleted]
[removed]
Don't worry, I have stock Android installed on both.
But, maybe, just maybe, it does. We'll have to leave it to the experts to decide. 
Ofc, no IR blaster, no front speakers, no replaceable battery. This thread is DOA.
Man, does this thread perfectly encapsulate r/Android.
Yes and no. It's a combination of both, but if Huawei made promises (not saying they did, I don't know about that), then it's Huawei that takes blame here.The issue Huawei definitely takes blame for is buggy updates and poor translations.
The people in my surroundings surprisingly do. First of all because of the emoticons, second of all because of the new features they hear about (whether they're Samsung-features or Android-features).While I love updates (whether it's for bug fixes & improvements or new features), you don't. While the average Joe in my surroundings do wait for updates, those in your surroundings might not.Also, don't forget all the shit Android is getting from news articles about only x% being on the latest version or vulnerabilities like Stagefright where it was painful to see Android being slaughtered by the media.
While I, and many others from this subreddit, agree, you can't say that to the average Joe buying a Huawei smartphone..
I have an Honor 8, can't use custom ROMs because the source released by Huawei doesn't include the fingerprint sensor, camera, and other important things. So basically, ROMs don't work.
> because thankfully there's a reasonably strong dev community.Not if you have a Kirin device there isn't, which is most of the high end ones.
Wait, really? Since when? I know XDAs been trying to make a dev scene for those things, but I hadn't realized they actually succeeded.
Yeah unless you want a good camera and no bugs.
If Huawei would ever give me an unlock code. But they won't after my asking for two years.
Lol @ expecting updates for you low end device 
And shitty support of you didn't buy it directly from Google
I love it. I just hate charging it. 
What western competition?
Need some foil there? 
? how many American companies make Smartphone.
No worries, The mighty Donald will fix this issue. Unfair! Total losers. ;-) 
Do the unique features life knuckle gestures work on Nova?
The upcoming Honor 9x supposedly has pretty much the same specs as the Mate 9 but with a 2k screen.
I'd bet anything that most Americans would pronounce Huawei wrong if they were asked to say it (I've studied Chinese myself).
Xiaomi isn't that hard, I just pronounce it show (as in shower) - me.
Xiaomi= See-ow-me (sort of, I can't exactly explain it but that's the general idea)Huawei- Huh-wah-way
They're both bad if you're trying to gain market in countries that don't speak your language.The 'H' is pronounced more like a 'W', except most Americans don't know that.  So instead, we have like 4 or 5 different ways of trying to pronounce it, which is bad for the brand because when people hear it, they won't know what is being talked about (unless they use the same pronunciation.)
I wouldn't say it's intuitive, but once you hear it, it's easy. 
I think will up with our own consensus on how we say it just like we did with Hyundai. We say it differently than the rest of the world but we all know what we mean.
The Mate 9 is for Australians
If sports casters said Huwaeieiae on TV over and over we'd learn it too. But I've never even heard it said out loud.
It's not. They have both branches in China 
Your flair even says Hwaieue Honor. So honor is the model line like Galaxy is to Samsung.
Also from the point of view of the society that company provides a lot of jobs. Even it makes 0 profit and doesn't monopoly or anything. It's still better to have it there to provide the jobs than to close down.
What you're getting at is more of an exception to the rule than the general rule of thumb. What the OP was referring to was the rule of thumb.Great, a company like Uber and Spotify can lose a shitload of money each year but it still makes sense because of their competitive advantage and eventually hitting mass scale for it to finally make sense. We are talking about a hardware smartphone company. You're not going to be around long if you are selling your phones at pure cost. (Look at Nextbit)Gross profit margin is before expenses, just the COGS expenses. If a company has a negative gross margin as you are suggesting then they better be a huge market innovator like Uber that just needs to hit scale. At that point, the shareholders are keeping Uber alive. Very few companies can do that. Spotify and Uber are two good examples but they are edge cases. Generally gross margin and revenue together are a good sign of company health.Hell, Uber and Spotify are in bad health. Still true to my point. Doesn't mean they aren't good businesses with tons of potential upside. Company health sucks for them though because they are losing a sick amount of money each year.
Check out [this totally failing company](http://static3.businessinsider.com/image/5203f03d69beddd92c000000/chart-of-the-day-a-long-view-of-amazons-profits.jpg)
But exactly to my point. R&D is not considered COGs>Research and development (R&D) describes activity or expense associated with theresearch and developmentof a company's goods or services. R&D expenses are a type ofoperating expenseand can be deducted as such on a businesstax return. This type of expense is incurred in the process of finding and creating new products or services.>>Read more:Research And Development (R&D) Expenseshttp://www.investopedia.com/terms/r/research-and-development-expenses.asp#ixzz4YPE8LC3kI'm talking about revenue and gross margin which is before operating expenses. So looking at revenue and gross margin is a good idea of the company's health before all of the R&D and reinvesting into your infrastructure expenses are accounted for.There are different stages as which you should look at a company's health and that's the only point I am trying to get at. Just looking at raw revenue as he mentiomed doesn't show much for company health. You can be a $10bn revenue company but losing $3bn/yr simply from COGS which is REALLY bad (note that I am not talking about in R&D or operating expenses. That is why I specifically said gross margin and not net margin). Net margin would take into account R&D and other operating expenses. And if this was a negative percentage then it would be more okay especially given they are doing a lot of R&D and reinvestment. If a gross margin is negative that's a pretty bad sign when it comes to company health.
You're entirely ignoring the fact that I said revenue and gross margin. Had I said revenue and net margin then okay. **gross margin** is after COGS but before operating expenses. That better be positive. If that's negative then that's NOT good. GM, United Airlines, etc. May have a negative or low **net margin** but their **gross margin** is absolutely positive.
0% GP isn't breaking even; that's before any Admin, R&D, and SG&A expenses.
\>If you're breaking even, you're doing alright. lol. What happens if a machine breaks or an employee steals a large sum of cash?
I didn't say breaking even. Breaking even would be net profit margin = 0%This entire time I have been talking about gross profit margin = 0%There is a HUGE difference. Everyone seems to be missing this and/or doesn't understand what **gross profit margin** is versus **net profit margin**. Gross takes into account COGS. Net takes into account COGS & Operating Expenses.And when gross profit margin = 0% or is negative, next step is to subtract all their operating expenses which means the company is hemorrhaging money. Net profit margin is going to be super negative. That's when you definitely consider closing down the business.
I forced an update to nougat because I didn't want to wait.   Have had the phone for a week and absolute love it.   What they did with EMUI 5.0 and nougat combined is amazing.    
They did say mid Feb. Just wait, it's being rolled out slowly. Which region are you in? 
I got it 3 weeks ago.  
I'm happy, it got Nougat before most other OEM's.  I am a Huawei customer going forward.  
yeah same...especially in South Asia (excluding India)
I see only the regular Mate 9 sold by Amazon. There are other sellers on Amazon that sells the Pro, but there's no warranty on those.
And that's why I won't buy Huawei.. Not because of build quality or because those phones are crap,  but because hove the software works,  I love stock Android.  That's what I have used or made my phones close to since my first Android phone.  And whit huawei hiding there software is much harder then on Samsung,  and I had bad experience trying to root them... 
Agreed. That is the reason why I won't get these phones. The hardware might be good but the UI ruins it for me.
The Honor 6X also has some issues, namely the glass being extremely soft.
Huawei is huge in China. I wonder how people are aware that they are responsible for a large chunk of the telecommunications infrastructure in China and smartphones is just a very small portion of their overall portfolio. They certainly don't need to enter the phone market to survive, that's for sure. 
Even compared with Samsung and Apple. Yes Xiaomi's distribution is garbage, you end up paying more since you need to buy from importers anyway and you lose warranty. 
I'm quite sure that here in Italy people are liking Huawei because of their non-crappy midrange phones, but Samsung still dominates the Android flagship scene. 
Same in Portugal it's the brand I see more along with Samsung. I like the phones, but after trying one I can't use that software, why copy ios things that are worse than android like the notifications just as an example. 
K but aren't profits just money for you and the company? i obviously don't know how a business works lamfo (why is making money so funny that your ass starts laughing? go see a doctor)
Lol wat? You know they made the nexus 6p right and the P9 usually retails at the same price point as most other flagships?
Wow, way to be totally ignorant.
Lol huh
Let me call in my buddy who's an expert in Reddit thread semantics and after that we'll decide a price.
I got my BS in Decision Science at the University of Blaupunkt.
no sms fallback even, lame
The avarege Joe doesn't care about updates
The only person I know who is even aware what Huawei is works for OnePlus. Fun Huawei fact: the name apparently means for China in Chinese. And the company has ties to the Chinese military. 
Yeah it seems from other comments that the dev scene is only good with the Snapdragon devices. 
How do you like the 8? Might get my GF a 8 as an upgrade to her 6X, wondering if it's a decent upgrade. 
Dunno, I've had custom ROMs on my 5X since about the summer. It's not as strong as the dev scene with Motorola or Nexus, but still pretty good. 
There are lots of stable ROMs. And you can always install a different camera app if you dont like the one it comes with. Although I've never had much of a problem with the bundled app, though I rarely use my phone camera anyway. 
Did you do it through their website? When I did it it just asked for an IMEI number, and then it gave me to code. 
moto e,p8 lite,idol 3
Bought directly from google, they just referred me to hwawei which has shit support im getting my battery replaced 3rd party next week for 70$
OMG ME TOO so frustrating 
Same. Always takes me 2 or 3 tries to get it aligned on the charger properly 
I've found that if you let the watch hover over the charger...it has a higher chance of aligning properly. Good luck
US and EU. Some nations in the EU more than others, some industries more than others. Military, energy and robotics, aside from run of the mill items such as household appliances, tools, etc.
Need some facts?> state-funded, illegal undercuttingNews and reality are your friends.
You know that Huawei was started by a retired PLA general, at least on paper? No bachelor's or anything in Electronics or Computers or anything. You still think this is a tinfoil thing, then you have some infront of your eyes.
Hmm, this may be why knuckle gestures are not working for me! I'll try on the original launcher later.
I can confirm that unique features work like knuckle etc while running Nova... No issues 
Can't seem to find anything on Google for an Honor 9x. Sure that's the right name?
I'm into tech and develop Android apps and don't know how to say it still
Still, they've had decades dealing with exotic foreign brand names like Hyundai, IKEA, Toyota, Hitachi etc. Huawei and Xiaomi are just another two they'll grow accustomed to.
Oh.  I always say, Zhaw-me.  Whatever.  It took Americans ten years to learn to pronounce Hyundai correctly.  And even today, some people still fuck it up.
You think it's easy but most Americans don't know how to pronounce it without hearing it said once.
Still, their international brand is simply Mi.
The problem with a lot of Chinese brands is that you have to be familiar with the peculiarities of the Pinyin romanization system to pronounce them correctly. You can't just pronounce it as it would seem intuitive to do from an American English standpoint.Of course, Pinyin is really designed for Chinese people and learners of Chinese, it's designed so that it represents every sound in the Chinese language with a simple 1:1 relationship that follows relatively simple rules. In a way it's actually a lot more rational than English spelling. But that requires using some of the letters in a way that's different than how English uses them. It's not designed so that an English speaker can easily just make an intuitive pronunciation without any knowledge of the rules of the system.
The x in pinyin is somewhere in between s and sh. But both s and sh are close enough.
As a Canadian I just say it wah-way and it's close enough. Taiwanese friend says he knows what I mean lol. Love my 6p.
That makes Huawei look like it's three syllables, when it's two. It's really more like Hwah-way, I guess? You really have to look it up, we don't really have a syllable like that in English.
OnePlus is the easiest Chinese phone brand to pronounce for Americans. 
Speak for yourself m9
Can confirm. Have had my Mate 9 for 4-5 days, absolutely love it!
So they just need to sponsor Sunday Night Football next season.
Somewhat close: https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Michael_Hoomanawanui
Not really. Honor is a brand owned but hauwei, but it's a separate brand. The names of honor phones are just Honor ___ 
Jobs are not the ultimate good or human need. But I guess that company pays a lot of taxes too, which means it contributes to the public. 
Is it always though? Here's an example of where that is not necessarily true:Take a company like UBER. Their goal is to just axe all their drivers and replace them with self-driving vehicles in a few years. UBER is just trying to buy themselves enough time until autonomous vehicles finally become a thing. Yes they have literally no or negative gross margin but that's because they have a long-term strategy. Once autonomous vehicles come out, UBER can remove their largest COGS line item - driver labor cost. Once that happens, all of a sudden their gross margin becomes positive.So is UBER creating tons of jobs and opportunity even though they are not profitable? Sure. But that's super short-term thinking. It gives jobs to tons of drivers in the interim. Guess what is happening to all of those jobs in a few years? They will be GONE. What is the net affect here? People leaving their stable jobs to go be UBER drivers as a career. Something that requires a low skillet but has flexibility. Sounds great and pays alright. But they are in for a **BIG** surprise in just a few years. UBER does not want to be a service-based business in that they are exchanging human hours for money. Once you start exchanging computer hours (self-driving cars) for money, that's when you make out like a bandit. Those jobs are going to disappear and it will be pretty bad for the economy when it comes to employment.
Im not suggesting any negative profits. If you have negative profits, then better close down. Yet most companies in the world make close to zero profit. Check your bakery or kiosk around the corner.That's why, in competitive markets, companies try to innovate and offer improved products or reduced production costs. Innovation grants them a bigger share in the market and some profits as long as they have a monopoly on the innovation or improvement. It's called Schumpeterian growth and it is easy to verify that this is true. 
Yeah. But Amazon is totally different from most other companies. They aren't something you point to as an example of normal just an exception. Their P/E of their stock is also a major outlier. 
> What happens if a machine breaks or an employee steals a large sum of cash?If by machine you mean government and by employee you mean Trump, then you've already guessed my punchline.
There is this thing called insurance
I don't have this phone but you should go ahead and say how you did that because it sounds useful. 
Any chance you know when it's coming to the UK?
MY. I got the EU 32 GB version.
Well my P9 is still on 6 and this feeling sucks. Not gonna be switching back until they fix the lockscreen notifications
Oh, sorry about that. For some reason I skipped over the word pro.
Same opinion here. I plan to buy OnePlus phone soon.
I just use Nova launcher (on my new Mate 9). It's absolutely great. The only thing I want to do is a different theme for the status bar, don't like their colour scheme.
Its Android.  Change the launcher to something clean like Nova launcher.  Customize it to exactly what you want. 
Yea, my first introduction to the brand outside of China was their bid to do London underground entire mobile infrastructure. I think they're the largest telecommunications firm in the world now, overtaking Siemens last year (though I may be misremembering). 
From what I can tell, my whole family (including relatives, etc.) switched from Samsung to Huawei devices within the past year and a half. And I don't mean just Honor devices by that: I'm talking about plain Huawei phones as well. There are a few Nexus phones too.Currently I am the only one still using a Samsung (S4), but I am planning to buy a OnePlus. My friends? They all switched from Samsung to Huawei. Some of them went for Nexus or OnePlus devices.Now that the Note 7 happened, do you really believe that the upcoming Galaxy and Note phones will be a safe hit? People won't buy them, especially in the US.
[deleted]
Sounds good. I'm just going to jack off in the bathroom real quick. Get me when they're here. 
Nice, UofB. Their field bowling team did really well this year. On a serious note, it's funny you reference that. I was just looking at speakers made by a company called Blaupunkt. 
The average Joe does when they don't see all the emojis their friends are sending themAnd the average Joe knows how to spell average
Surprisingly, they do. They don't care as much about incremental security updates, but when Google goes on stage and shows off some fancy new version of Android and the Average Joe is still 2 versions behind, they certainly care.
If average users don't care, then how do you explain the iOS update numbers?Plenty of non-techy people have iPhones. Most of them update within weeks to a month. If they didn't care we would see more dragging numbers on all platforms, right?Consumers don't care about updates cant be true. Consumers just rarely have a choice on Android. 
I do care about updates but I don't care enough to go through the trouble of doing so. That said I have a S7 and can't find any way to do it without breaking warranty. So well... 
>Fun Huawei fact: the name apparently means for China in Chinese. And the company has ties to the Chinese military.  No it doesn't. For China would more likely be called Weiguo or something to  that effect, Weihua perhaps.
What does the first sentence mean? Could you please rephrase it? 
When you're as huge as Huawei is in telecom, you're bound to have ties with your government, especially in a socialistic country. It doesn't really worry *me* much at least, as I'm sure their products are scrutinised by multiple governments. In any case, if Huawei were to spy on people, you should really worry about your mobile network back-end - not your phone, because there's a LOT of Huawei equipment there!
You need to know more people who actually knows the language, not because they work there. 
Yo hook us up bro
It's pretty good. But for the price I'd rather wait for the Moto G 5 or 5+
Ah, 5X, must be a Snapdragon thing.
Yes, I've tried several times and given them the IMEI. I also contacted them via Facebook and email with no success. I love this phone, but I probably won't ever buy another Huawei since they ignore my requests.
The Idol line is actually the higher end of the Alcatel brand, the P8 lite is also on the higher end of the Huawei, and I can't quite explain the Moto E other than say outlier. If you want your phone to get more updates on it, be prepared to spend more than $100-150 USD for it. At least $200 to even begin expecting updates. 
Hadn't realised this was a common issue but I'm the same. 
Why is it illegal?
Do you seriously believe that China (if there is even a direct connection between Huawei and the government) would be able to push out/take over LG, Samsung, fucking Apple? And China already rips off patents. It's what they do, and it's why their shit is so cheap. That's how the global economy works now.
Yeah, because no one ever has left the military and started a business ever in the history of man. 
He had no rank in the PLA - he was a military technologist. He was part of the PLA's information technology unit, so he had plenty of background in the field, regardless of whether he had a degree in it. 
Yeah, I had thought I read that the unique things are tied to the stock launcher, so all the knuckle gestures and things like pulling down the notification drawer with the fingerprint sensor won't work with Nova. I usually use Nova, but I've been trying out the stock launcher to see if it's decent enough to keep for the gimmicks.
Sorry, I screwed up. It's the Honor v9, not 9x.
Many smart-alecks will insist it's pronounced wah-way.But as a Singaporean-born Chinese, I would say the correct pronunciation is Who-wa Way.The Who-wa is said as one word.As for Xiaomi, it's See-ow Me. Again, See-ow is said as one word.
Wa-way.
Wah-way I believe. 
Unless they had the first ascend. Then they're probably like the honor 8 is a sexy little thing but I still remember that piece of shit ascend with the trackball... I miss the trackball but fuck that thing.
Maybe your pronounciation is more correct, who knows! I'm not a native English speaker and I have Chinese ancestry, so I just went with what sounded better to me.
I still know people who pronounce it wrong, as well as nissan.
I can understand that, it's definitely not intuitive.
AFAIK, Mi isn't just international.Source: saw posters advertising  phones in China a few years back. 
Read further down the comment chain. I understand all of that, but I am not a native English speaker, and my language is considered to be one that has ease of adopting eastern language pronounciations.
But there are some exceptions. i is supposed to be pronounced as yi as in ti, but in some cases such as ri or si it's a different pronunciation.
h
Yeah, it's more like hwah-way because it's 2 syllables. I didn't exactly know how to explain it without splitting it into 3 syllables.
Every time I see the Huawei M9 written,I either think of HTC or various memes. 
Unless they are filtering those taxes off to other countries like Ireland at .005% lol
I don't know what are you talking about. You are the guy who said a company that makes 0 profit need to close down. hauwei is not uber. even if it is and it makes 0 profit. If its gonna cut all the jobs in the future, so what?  It still better for it to provide the jobs now then to close it down. Edit: Actually I don't disagree with what you said but your logic is flawed.You originally said That's a company that needs to close down(you edited and added in MOST cases after I replied). So we were actually discussing a general case but you take a special case as an arguement.The problem is that this special case(UBER) also disagrees with your original arguement.
Exactly. For some reason people are arguing about all of these edge cases and even referring to yeah but that's how some tech companies are. Great, Hwawei isn't a disruptive tech company. They are a hardware manufacturer.I'm done with the back and forth with all these people. There's always going to be outliers. Our main point here is that just looking at revenue for a business doesn't tell you much of anything when it comes to company health. Somehow many of these people are trying to justify that you can look at revenue alone and make a decision that a company is healthy. What?
For a company of their size yes but low profits with high revenue growth is how a lot of tech companies work 
It takes a few steps but just following this link.   https://forum.xda-developers.com/honor-8/how-to/force-emui-5-0-nougat-update-honor-8-l04-t3543445
Germany, Netherlands, and a bunch of other West Europe countries have already gotten theirs, but it seems to be inconsistent in terms of who actually gets it. Best to wait and not stress about it. 
Malaysia? I have the eu 32 as well, and I'm in south east Asia too. Haven't gotten the update but a friend with the eu 64 did, so best to wait until 20 Feb imo. 
Still, the rest of the UI
I'm quite sure that Samsung's revenues won't be as affected as you think. Honestly, most of my friends consider Samsung devices as the only high-end Android phones that are actually worth it. Samsung has been devoted to paint on herself the image of the manufacturer you want to go with if you're interested in features, raw power and camera quality, and I seriously doubt the Note 7 fiasco will be enough to harm their reputation, especially since it never was officially released here in Italy. 
nah i'm serious, why don't profits mean shit?
2meta2fast
Dude, dude, dude... C'mon... There's a perfectly good shrubbery over there. 
>And the average Joe knows how to spell averageRekt.
I think you're giving too much credit to the Joe I know. 
> And the average Joe knows how to spell averageI've seen the average Joe on the bus several times and now I'm not so sure...
Either your Joe's are above average or mine are below average cuz 90% of the people I know don't even know what version of Android their phone is on, let alone what the latest version is or what new features are.
Maybe it is because the update notification bugging them and not because they all want the latest update? In my experience the average user is averse to change and are afraid updates will break something.
To be fair, part of the reason the iOS update numbers are so high is because iPhones that are 2 or 3 years old still get updates pretty much as soon as a new version is released.
iOS hounds you to update automatically with daily pop-ups and a notification on the system app. It's really obnoxious actually especially if you're trying to avoid an update slowing your device down.
One could argue that the people who want updates have moved to iOS, while those who don't care about updates (or have resigned themselves to never getting them) stick with Android. So it becomes self-selecting after a while. 
They care, but not enough for it to affect their purchasing decisions. Yes, a lot of people choose to buy iPhones, but I would be surprised if updates were in even the top 5 reasons the average consumer chose an iPhone.
>I have a friend who works for OnePlus, and he's the only person I know who knows what Huawei is. 
I work for a company in the UK upgrading LTE for one of the major networks. Around 50% of the antennas we install are Huawei. Same goes for the amplifiers within the last year. 
> When you're as huge as Huawei is in telecom, you're bound to have ties with your government, especially in a socialistic countryNo, like the founder was a member of the PLA before starting his company. 
Even with the dual camera? That was the biggest selling point to us. 
More of a Nexus thing tbh. The Nexus phones, including the 5X, will almost by definition have a strong dev scene since the Nexus program's entire purpose was to *be* dev phones.
Try following [this](https://forum.xda-developers.com/general/rooting-roms/huawei-honor-bootloader-unlock-code-t3441130) guide. It should work for all Huawei devices, not just the Honor 5X
While I don't agree about the conspiracy mojo in this thread, everyone in China knows that Huawei is owned by the government even though on paper it isn't. Their mobile division is a pretty small part of the Huawei behemoth. The company builds telecommunications infrastructure all across China and is expanding internationally. They are also officially endorsed and provide equipment as well as R&D to the People's Liberation Army. The Chinese government paved the way for Huawei to become the largest telecommunications manufacturer in the world. 
Huawei is already bigger than LG 
In that part, I wasn't referring to Huawei. Just China in general. Mostly applies to other sectors nowadays. Especially robots and other German high tech products.> That's how the global economy works now.It's how some nations operate, yeah.
Only the knuckle gestures don't work with Nova. I pull down notification drawer with finger print sensor all the time, it's quite useful. I haven't found anything else that doesn't work with Nova, just kNuckle gestures. And for me, the knuckle gestures is strange as it requires a complete repositioning of my way of holding the phone. Instead I added the screenshot to the first part of the pull down menu
Huawei's own marketing team says otherwise https://vimeo.com/53739970
> I'm not a native English speaker and I have Chinese ancestryThis makes me believe your pronunciation is more likely the correct one.
Not in Cantonese, which is the 'native language' of Shenzhen.  
That only applies to sales tax not employee income taxes, no way to avoid those 
Tech company's don't all work that way. Start ups do. Amazon is a retailer. They are a tech company but they are not like most other or really any other companies on earth. The fact that their stock goes up and their profit doesn't and the P/E ratio is so ridiculous should be a sign. Amazon isn't a start up. They are ancient by tech standards. But they function like very few other companies. ***The point is, don't point to them as example when comparing to OEMs!***
Serious lah... damn.
Yeah, but... you're talking about the high-end market, in Italy, in 2017. Who buys 700-850 EUR phones every year, in Europe? Businessmen? Or maybe the company they work for? That's all.Low to mid-range market is the biggest chunk of users, and now that Samsung has made a very bad mistake in the high-end segment, and considering all the bad publicity that came from there, I can definitely see Huawai exploiting the situation. I think that In the high-end segment Apple will remain in front, Samsung maybe won't be overtaken by Huawei - I'll give you that-, but almost certainly they won't as strong as in the past years.Let's wait and see...
Link?
Ni!
And they don't watch anything related to tech shows. So they would see Google go on stage to announce their new version. 
If the average user is adverse to updating, then the update numbers wouldn't show that 74% of the entire platform is on iOS 10. 18% on iOS 9. And only 6% is on an older OS. Either Apple is lying or your definition of Average is skewed.
Soooo? You see the problem?
And if they didn't care they wouldn't all update that week. The argument was people don't care, not about availability. 
The 5S got iOS 10 on day one and runs better than it did on iOS 8 and 9.0. iOS generally improves performance on 64 bit devices. 
You can't argue that.That's ridiculous.Every day there is a post on this sub full of people complaining about updates. You can't say that anyone who cares about updates is on iOS. That would b a big blow to the custom rom for old devices market too. Are you seriously arguing that?
The facts are these. iOS users get updates and they install them often. Updates are just a given. People don't talk about updating or make decisions about them because they are guaranteed.  On iOS they are a non issue. Just expected. Your phone will give out before they stop updating it. So talking about how much they care is not the issue. The issue is they don't have to. Like breathing. You don't know you do it until you think about it. 
We use pretty much only Huawei and ZTEwhere i work in Norway. Rarely Ericsson or Motorola. 
The founder previously being a member of the PLA doesn't mean that the company has ties to the PLA. It's not proof of anything. 
I know, shouldn't really make a difference, though. You'd probably be affiliated with your government either way. 
It only uses one of the cameras for pictures, the other is only for blur. And that only works in certain landscape modes. Portrait can't use simulated bokeh (blur).
Think he means the Honor 5x not the (LG) Nexus 5x.
Isn't that kinda like Samsung?
Huawei been owned by the goverment has never been proven. they might receive some investment from the goverment at some point and thats about it. Want to know what tech company is owned by the goverment? ZTE and Lenovo. ZTE is the one who has the telcom monopoly in China, not Huawei. given by their government owned status. Lenovo is founded by the Chinese Acadamy of Science
[deleted]
As a company or in terms of market share (for mobiles specifically)?
If any nations operate that way then that's the way it is. Patent enforcement is an illusion that only exists inside the borders of the country that the patent was filed. Sure, there are treaties and trade agreements, but those don't mean shit today. 
That's just sad.I guess they felt wah-way is easier for English-speaking people to say.Over here in Asia, it's always Who-wa Way, regardless whether we are speaking in English or Chinese.
Chinese speaker, can confirm this pronunciation is very close.
Not just sales tax. Corporate tax which is upwards of 30%+ of profits.[Double Irish arrangement](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Double_Irish_arrangement)While this no longer exists since 2015, there's still other loopholes like this available. It's corporate taxes though which is sick money.
[Here](https://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/2u8ykp/til_there_is_a_japanese_word_kenjataimu_for_the/)
Average user isn't adverse to updating. Average user doesn't care but the irritationg notifications make him update.
Did you even read what I said? You keep getting notifications about updating to the latest iOS if you don't. Those numbers would be much lower if the notification did not appear. A better way to determine whether the average user prioritizes updates would be if they look for that when buying phones. You will find that they do not. Otherwise nexus/pixel would have had much better sales figures. Most users care about cameras and design rather than updates.
The problem is the lack of Android updates from some manufacturers, which is the initial point I made regarding Huawei.Am I missing something?
But that's not the same. If Apple didn't push updates to those people, they wouldn't care. But when Apple does, they go Ooh and update! There's a difference between not caring if you get and update and not wanting an update that you got. The average Android user would update too, that doesn't mean they care about whether they got updates or not. Don't give them updates and they don't care because they don't even know they're missing anything.
The point implied originally is that the Huawei experience is significantly impaired for the consumer because of the update situation, but I and others are contending that most consumers aren't bothered by it enough to be disappointed in the phone.
Andrews/Commscope is the most common make we install with a tiny percentage of Kathrein. 
Oho that'd make a lot more sense in this context, heh.
Kind of, although from what I understand Samsung has more influence over the Korean government while Huawei is pretty much an extension of the government
Samsung is the other way around. Company having a stake/control in the govt.
I wasn't even replying to you?
> there are treaties and trade agreements, but those don't mean shit today.Actually that right there does sound like a good conspiracy theory.
You're totally ignoring the Cantonese pronunciation though 
English speaker here, who has learned a lot of Chinese.  Xiao sounds like meow (the cat sound), but replace the M with an SH.  She-ow (but one syllable). Mi is me. For Huawei, if you know how to say what in the old proper British way where you add an H sound at the front (it adds a certain 'airiness' to the W sound), then you've pretty much got it.  Just remove the T at the end, and you've got Hua.  Wei is just like way.
I don't think 2 years is 2 fast
Irritating notifications only came into play for iOS updates a year or two ago. iOS update percentages were even better before that. It's now people are more hesitant because of the scare stories like it makes drastic changes or myth that it slows your phone down.
The average user doesn't care but is just badgered and annoyed into it?Okay. Shot me the study! Occam's Razor says prove it or I assume otherwise. I get notifications on android about updates. 
I get notifications on my android devices about updating. But there are just less notifications because IT BARELY EVER GETS UPDATES. 
It's not always the manufacturers. Sometimes it's the company you're with. They don't push updates unless they test it and there's no guarantee of how long they'll take.
Very well worded. Have an upvote!
So if they get an update they like it, but you say if they don't then they wouldn't care?But then we have android which poor updates. And I hear constant complaints about no updates. How does that fit with your theory?
Its also in his flair :)
genuine question, which one is worse?
There's no theory to it, lol. China and other countries do not enforce foreign patents, therefore anything set up to enforce them isn't worth fuck all. 
TIL Huawei was Shenzhen based. 
Or be Cantonese and say wah Wei
As a Nexus 6 user, I think I found my next phone. 
Too big IMO. Sure the bezels will be non existent but the screen it self is to large for one handed use. 
damn bigger than a nexus 6? yes please.
I hope the curved edge is in the same proportion to the back curve like the note 7, the s7s edge was larger than the back edge and that looked funny
SAMSUNG, SAMOLED. Now it makes sense why they stuck a Super on it.
God fucking dammit, lg g6 please be a reasonable size...
Ok, probably be about 900 for S8, well over 1000 for S8 Plus in my country...
Just for reference**NEXUS 6**Display :- 5.96 InchesHeight :- 6.27 InchesWidth :- 3.27 InchesScreen to body ratio :- 74.1%**SAMSUNG GALAXY S7 EDGE**Display :- 5.5 InchesHeight :- 5.94 InchesWidth :- 2.86 InchesScreen to body ratio :- 76.1%**XIAOMI MI MIX**Display :- 6.4 InchesScreen to body ratio :- 83.6%
EVLeaks finally changed his profile pic. 
5.8 seems a little big, IMO, even with no bezels, and especially since the battery is only 3000 mAh. 5.5 would have been a better size in my eyes. 
I hope not. I love my regular s7 size. It's perfect.
My thoughts exactly. I guess I'm upgrading in a year and a half when these are heavily discounted. 
finally a device that seems like an actual upgrade.
It's worth noting these screens are taller than most phone screens, so they still won't be as wide as the Nexus 6 or contain as much volume. 
Them front facing speakers though..
Almost all phones are useless one handed these days. 
I just don't get the point of having two versions of a phone that are **both** fucking massive. Surely adding .4 inches to an already huge screen isn't going to draw *that* many more buyers
I'm starting to realize more and more, OEMs are heading towards a future where you don't really need to use your hands for your phone anymore. That's why we're getting bigger screens for media playback and a heavy focus on AI Assistants.
Triple tap home key for one handed mode. That nifty Samsung trick is awesome. I use it on my Note5 plenty :)
It might be smaller functionally thanks to the curved edges, and possibly depending on the bezels
The G6 is said have a 5.7 display, if I remember correctly.
Dimensions for mi mix ?
He's also following anyone who donates $10 or more to him lmao
Can you explain how? Are the screen ratios different?
Uh if it's 2560x1440 (16:9) it'll be both taller and wider than the Nexus 6. I haven't seen much about it having a different aspect ratio.
I still find it hilarious that my zenfone 2 has a [one-handed mode](https://www.asus.com/zentalk/thread-6110-1-1.html). It's as if their engineers were saying Yeah, we know 5.5 is ridiculously big, so here's a software solution!But I gotta say it is handy.
To be honest I'm not at all a fan on Samsung's UX, but am very much considering the S8 just for its size. 
It's a test done in public to see which size to market the next year and also where to place the Note line.
Rumors being what they are, the bezel might be practically nonexistent. 
If gsmarena is accurate: 158.8 x 81.9 x 7.9 mm (6.25 x 3.22 x 0.31 in).
I've been hearing/reading 18(.5?):9.
Very common, on virtually every OS Android skin now
Sammy note series too. 
Extra 0.4 screen size, slightly smaller. Pretty surprised at the screen to body ratio, looks like it would be more than 83% somehow. 
the width is definitely a killer for one-hand users. My Note 4 is 79ish mm and it's at the upper end of what I can use one-handed.
That just makes it even funnier.But my next phone is definitely going to be a 5 or smaller. I don't care if I have to get a lower-end or old-stock model. I'm done with phablets.
I think virtually every OS Android skin might be an exaggeration. just curious, which OEMs do it? Samsung and Huawei I guess, anyone else?
Yea, so based on those numbers the s8 should be the same size or slightly smaller then a Pixel or iPhone 7 plus.
The mix has a huge chin
I'm with you. the Nexus 6 would make my hand pretty fucked up just from normal use...
Also Xiaomi 
LG has it too.
Many LG models have it, even their budget or low-end models. I think they started implementing the feature way back in 2012 with the LG Optimus G. It's super useful, but I sort of prefer fingerprint unlock now.
It seems like the obvious thing to do now that the fingerprint scanner is on the back of the device. 
D2TW is nice to check for notifications and such, but I find fingerprint unlocking faster, especially if you have a fast sensor like the one on the OnePlus 3/3T or the Pixel. The fact the the OnePlus 3/3T has a front-facing sensor means that you don't even need to lift your phone from the desk to unlock it, which is handy.As for SmartLock, while its nice, it's not as fast as a fast front-facing fingerprint scanner because after double-tapping, you still have to swipe to unlock the screen.
It's a great feature except for your phone constantly waking while you walk. I had that problem. 
Missed having my G4.
Doesn't it require the touch sensor to always be on, and use more battery?
I loved it on my Z3, I just did it by force of habit when I got my G5 so I didn't even notice it was manufacturer specific.
It's useful. My HTC 10 has a fingerprint scanner that works just was well though, a single fast tap wakes the screen, so i can see the lock screen. Hold the finger for a tiny bit longer on the sensor, and it unlocks.If the phone isn't locked, touching the sensor sends you straight to where you was.  Although, i never have my phone unlocked, and use double tap to wake often, that's also nifty and could be a replacement of the fingerprint sensor works like that. (And is on the front, or else there's no point to it.) 
Yes!!! This feature is what I'm really hoping for that Google will add in in 7.1.2 for the N6P
There really is no good reason that I can think of. It's very useful even when you do have the scanner in the front, if you just want to check the time or see if you have notifications. Double tap to sleep is pretty underrated too, I wish HTC would add it the way LG did.
LG, Huawei, Sony,... they all do it
Redmi 4 prime has it
My BlackBerry Priv has it and I love it. It also has lift to wake if I want it so I just need to pick it up, but I don't use that one. 
Because passwords are pretty much required now, and most high end devices do it through the fingerprint scanner, which makes double tap to wake useless. I remember at one point it was more popular though 
Am I the only person that had to turn off Double Tap to Wake?  I had an HTC One M8 with this feature and it would constantly wake/unlock in my pocket and lead to accidental calls and the like. I never had issues with jeans, but the thinner pockets in chinos and dress pants always lead to problems.
It was great on my Z2, but its way too sensitive on my Z5 (awful phone BTW). It kept waking up in my pocket, so I turned it off.
My phone has both but if fingerprint is enabled you still have to fingerprint to get into it.
Geez, that would never work for me. I'm always tapping the screen with my thumbs to the music. 
Axon 7 does it. I use it to glance at notifications and time when I have it on a table. 
Love it on my Honor 4c :*
I really think this feature is better if implemented the the lift the phone to check notification gesture, specifically for rear-mounted fingerprint scanners
What's the hit on battery with double tap to wake?This uncertainty is why I've never used it.
Personally I feel like the fingerprint scanner/power button combo of the Z5 is the most convenient method I've ever used.
Yeah. New Xperias have this feature but broken. 
I have it on my HTC 10 and never use it. 
Yeah I agree too, DT2W or Sweep2wake should be implemented in all Android phones as a toggle-able option in the settings. I just don't know why Google's Nexus/Pixel lineup still don't have this; ambient display is nice too but DT2W is much more intuitive.
It's not one of those dumb patented things with massive licence fees is it?
Does this feature consume a lot of battery life? 
Props to nokia for first implementating it and good on others for copying them along the way. 
> When you have your phone face up on the desk, there's not going to be an easy way to unlock it unless they do have double tap to wake on it.Exactly. I went through the trouble of installing a custom kernel just to get double tap to wake. It makes sense when you have fingerprint sensor on the back.
I don't know, my LG G4 has it and it's always more like 5-6 taps to finally unlock.  Just another frustration with this POS phone.
I didn't think it was that useful until the Pixels were updated with Double Tap to Ambient Display, and with a third tap you can easily wake the phone. So useful when you just need to check notifications or see the time.
I think swipe up to wake is the best. But this is a personal preference and only BlackBerry Androids have this
The main reason double tap to wake was used by lg was because their buttons were on the back.Personally, I find it rather pointless.
Now after about 7 months with my s7e I've realized that I only get annoyed with the Smart Lock feature. I like the convenience of picking up my phone and my thumb lining up on the scanner, and with a quick click the phone is unlocked. With Smart Lock it's fully removed and I have to swipe (or anything else). After the first month of Smart Lock I got so irritated over the confusion since the Fingerprint lock now is deep in the muscle memory. But the option of double tap is a nice feature and I would like to see it implemented for people to have that option. 
Hmm... My phone has it but i rarely use it. Simply because i also have fingerprint sensor on the back which i use constantly. That sensor is located perfectly for index fingers so when i put my phone on desk (screen down) or take it of out pocket (left or right hand - i've programmed both) i always automatically unlock it.I was hyped at the beginning because of that double tap to wake (and double tap to lock which i achieved through Nova launcher) but now i use it really rarely in favor of fingerprint sensor.
> I still feel the most convenient unlocking I ever had was double tap to wake on my Xperia Z3.I use 3rd party apps to wake my Galaxy S2 and Moto Droid 4 by waving my hand over the phone. Works great with no battery drain on either.
Finger Print and Tap to Wake. Some people say they only want one, but both would be more convenient. * You'll be able to wake the phone up without using power button, which will reduce wear of the power button.* Help troubleshoot potentially* Useful if the finger print reader is on the back, and your phone is flat on your desk, and want to check a quick notificationMore options to turn on the phone, and check notification isn't necessary a bad thing. But...* Drives up price a bit* Added weight (additional layer of screen)* One more thing to break* Potential design limitations (maybe, a little stretching) 
OnePlus has it too
Just saying, it was with the G2 in 2013.Source: Owned both OG + G2
It's all about options my friend
I've had my 6P for 6 months now and I *still* keep double tapping to wake and then being annoyed that it doesn't bloody work!
Could you explain? If your phone is locked by fingerprint, wouldn't double tapping just take you to a locked screen when the phone is flat on the table or something?
Exactly! My Galaxy S6 is the same way. I just click and hold the home button for like .8 seconds and it opens automatically, done deal.
While I do agree with you that it is faster I've noticed I prefer dt2w as it presents a larger target than the fingerprint scanner (if that makes sense) and I find going to the locks lock screen more comfortable for checking time or notifications. It's also easier to use when you're driving and the phone is docked. 
> after double-tapping, you still have to swipe to unlock the screenFalse. You can switch Swipe to None in security setting and it just unlocks the screen. You give up notification previews this way though, which is what I'm actually looking for most of the time I open my phone. I found that with no lock screen at all on my 6P if you left Camera or Snapchat up some notifications would wake the screen and then your camera would keep it open and the phone would die in your pocket. This doesn't seem to be a problem on my OnePlus 3T
Usually there's a switch to use the proximity sensor to prevent that.
When I had my LG G Flex and go out for a run without an armband, the phone is basically on the whole time because it was so sensitive to double tap.
I thought I had that problem on the M8 but it was probably because the button was pressed while upside down in the pocket and DT2W is disabled when upside down.
Same, but I had one brick on me within the first year, which was still thankfully before the warranty expired so I got a new one. And then that one had the same problem several months later, after the warranty had expired. So I have been using my 4 year old Optimus g pro for the past couple months but its on its last leg, so I made the budget conscious purchase of a Moto g4 and I'm pretty happy so far. Minus the lack of double tap to wake.
Not that much, actually. I haven't noticed a drop in battery life since I switched to the ElementalX kernel on my HTC One m7 just for that one feature.
I think this is only if you don't have the proper hardware support it.
My OPO with it regularly hit 6 hours SoT on KitKat. 
Xiaomi Mi5 here and turning off double tap to wake has no noticeable effect on battery 
On phones where this is stock, the digitizer and touchscreen illumination are wired/powered separately so power consumption for the feature is tiny. Phones that were not designed with this in mind have the digit/screen powered together (which i believe was standard and is cheaper to mfd) and leeches energy for DT2W
It actually uses the accelerometer. I've implemented this on a smartwatch working embedded, and most IMU drivers support a tap gesture, which can be strung together as double, or support double tap as well. They are super low power consuming since the IMU handles the processing and simply sends an interrupt to the OS.
Only when it unintentionally turned the screen on while in the pocket. Normally, it's nowhere near as draining as a rouge wakelock or low signal.
This is one of the things I love and feel sad about my 10. On my M8, double tap was a MUST and I used it religiously since the power button was on the top. With the 10 now, not only is there DT2W, but the power button is now on the side of the device and the fingerprint sensor works like how you describe it. I use the fingerprint primarily but feel spoiled knowing the other two options are there but aren't being used.
If you're rooted, there's an app to enable ithttps://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.cvetler.android.knockon
[You might be in luck](https://forum.xda-developers.com/htc-10/development/kernel-elementalx-htc10-0-01-t3385167)
And HTC 
Unfortunately Huawei took the feature off in recent handsets, which is really disappointing actually since the fingerprint sensor is on the back. 
For me the lift to wake is somewhat unreliable so it could be more useful then I give it credit for if it was implemented better
I had to turn off double tap to wake at work as well for that same problem but I still prefer double tap to wake over the other methods that I've tried. 
As a former M8 owner, I attribute it to the power button being hit while in the pocket since double tap to wake required a certain orientation to work. Putting it upside down doesn't seem to trigger it.
Minutes, per full charge, at most. 
I still use the DT2W function on the smaller Z5C because to look at notifications, it's easier than hitting the button.
It's super useful for when you just want to check your notifications on your lockscreen, since the fingerprint fully unlocks the phone. 
Pixel has it.
Not that I've seen. And no not on my s4. It doesn't have it. 
No. A bad signal does more damage to the battery life than this.
Press the power button? Or I guess that's. It as easy cause it takes two fingers?
Do you really need an additional layer of sensors to enable DT2W? My understanding was that you simply use a digitizer and a compatible processor that can run at low currents to detect taps without eating battery life. With todays ultra thin IPS fused displays it seems implausible to me that one would have to add another layer of thickness to the screen.
Dude where you getting your stats from lol
- Uses more battery!
Is it available on stock Oxygen, or do you need a custom ROM/kernel? I've never tried any of their phones, but I like how active the development scene is. 
ONE PLUS 3T RIGHT HERE BOY! i just upgraded and it's heaven 
Xperia's too
And Nokia N9 (Maemo / Meego, not Android) 
I know. They're not listed in my flair, but I've owned the Opt G, G2, Nexus 4, Flex 2, G4, Leon, and even the Sunrise. Flex was my favorite, thanks to its curbed screen. 
I'm fine with options. The Pro 3 is the first phone I've owned with a fingerprint scanner, so it has affected my interest in using them in future phones. It would be cool have an iris scanner too, not sure who'll release that first. Technically, I still use doubletap-to-wake on my LG Sunrise, which I got for $5 from Amazon. Lol that's completely unrelated, but it works well as music player. 
Install Elemental X kernel or there's a script via Tasker that can activate this
Same here... The only thing I miss from my LG V10. 
It's a quick way to interact with your notifications.
Yeah but the benefit is that you dont have to lift your phone up or hold it weird to hit the lock button, you can just tap it and put in your password
You have to open up the lockscreen before you can unlock the phone with your fingerprint. At least that's how it works on my S6.What would really be nice is to always have the fingerprint scanner on so all you have to do to unlock your phone is put your finger on it. No doubletap needed. 
if i'm out somewhere, my phone is probably in my pocket and unlock with fingerprint works great.  if my phone is sitting on a table it probably means i'm at home or work where my phone is unlocked by smart lock and double-tap-swipe-up gets me in.  (or would, if the 5X had double tap to wake. but wake on notification is pretty good too)
> You can switch Swipe to None in security settingUm, that's basically disabling screen lock altogether, which is a terrible security practice. Why would you even risk that?
On my LG G3 the way to do anything about it was disabled. 
That's smart.
They fixed it now
Thanks for this. I really missed the feature on from my G4. 
Ah k, that's really not too bad
Thanks, I enabled it. I'll try it out.
My phone usually rests onto the right of my mouse. So it's easier for me to tap to wake rather than pressing the power button.
Not needed, it'll prevent battery drain because you essentially turn off the always on screen feature. It'll save battery. Technically 6P and Nexus 5 can have tap to wake the screen is just on (kernal mod I think?)
Just my perception, could be wrong. Hope I don't know it all, cuz I'm definitely not getting paid enough
It's available on stock as well as custom ROMs.
The last symbian Nokias had it as well,  and all the Lumias.
I just want shit to work out of the box. 
Script via tasker?
The problem with this is that the double tap to wake in the 6P isn't implemented very well. For example, there's no protection to keep the phone from opening in your pocket, which leads to a lot of accidental clicks and lower battery life. OnePlus has a pocket mode, which disables any touches if the proximity sensor is covered while on the lock screen.  LG phones don't turn on the display at all, if you double tap to wake, while the proximity sensor is covered.
I miss just about everything except the camera from my Z3. 
While other replies are valid, I had forgotten this simple use case, thanks! 
Or just get a phone with a front fingerprint sensor...
Samsung fucked that up then - on the Nexus and Pixels, the fingerprint sensor is always active, so you can just poke it to turn the screen on and unlock the phone at once.
My finger sensor on the Nexus 5x is always on. If you are just put my finger on it, on the back, while I pull it out of my pocket and when I look at it it's unlocked and ready. But it would be nice to have tap to wake if the phone is laying down since the sensor is on the backside. Especially since I really only put it down at home where I have smartlock so I don't need a lockscreen. 
HTC 10 with always active fingerprint sensor master race here
That's how the Moto Z play (and presumably other Zs are).  FP scanner is always on - just touch it and the phone comes on, already unlocked.  Long touch to turn display off and lock.  I was skeptical of the long press to turn off display deal before I got the device, but in use it is absolutely genius.  Only time I ever use the actual power button is for those rare times I actually need to shut the phone off.   
Not everyone cares about locking their phone.
You said you have to swipe. You don't.
It's ok, i moved on to a new phone a few days ago. Xiaomi Mi5s Plus
Nice. I hope they keep the feature in future releases. I'm a little wary of LG, due to how my G4 suddenly died...
You probably should've gotten something that has it out of the box.That said, the beauty of Android allows you to add whatever the hell you want to your device.
It requires root. When you select the action (Code>Run Shell) just make sure the 'Use Root' box is checked. Here's the command in case you don't have it: echo 1 > /sys/devices/soc.0/f9924000.i2c/i2c-2/2-0070/input/input0/wake_gestureCredits to another Redditor
Once you go Sony, you never go back.
As someone who has a front sensor, ew why?  Your just making the problem worse, now I have to claw the button to get it to work on a table or to hit the unlock button, and I have to move my thumb all the way down every time I unlock it at all
Sony's is almost as comfortable with the fingerprint scanner integrated into the power button. 
It's great right?! But now I'm so used to doing that on my Z Force that I'm always attempting to turn off my nexus 7 screen by touching the area below the virtual home button. 
You have to swipe if you have any sort of security set up. The point of this discussion is how dt2w compares with fingerprint unlock. OP was taking having fingerprint unlock set up, and how SmartLock negates the need to type a password or use the fingerprint and how it's faster. My point is that if you have a password or fingerprint set up, dt2w isn't faster because you still have to manually swipe the screen.
They have had it since the beginning so I don't see why they would change now
I've abandoned LG going forward after the 5X fiasco
the LG /r/nexus5x is also full of people complaining how their phone is bootlooping.
This is such a lazy excuse. Why am I not allowed to have a minor gripe? The beauty of Android is apparently compromise, because no phone ticks all the boxes. 
I did and I regret it. C'mon XZ2. 
Or you know, register finger other than thumb.
Yep, was just updating my S6 to nougat yesterday (after it's sat in a drawer for a month) and kept trying to kill the display with the fp sensor/home button.  Doh.  
Well OnePlus didn't include some features from M to N e.g. percentage inside battery circle.
Their G4 fiasco was way worse. Boot loop of death also happened on some of their V10 and G5. LG makes crap phones and I will stay away from them. Even now people keep returning their dead G4s. I work on a phone store.
You are allowed to have minor gripes. In fact, everyone has minor gripes about everything. I'm just saying that you can keep griping or you can do something about it. Keep looking [waiting] for a phone that checks all the boxes (iOS, Android, or other), or **create** a phone that checks all the boxes. The latter is easiest on Android, if I do say so myself.Again, choosing to keep griping is an option. Just know that there are other options. *****Edit: Changed some words. Added some others.
I have both indexes registered but its still awkward, plus it means having a physical button that takes space (until we get embedded sensors)Either way, unless theres a reason not to have double tap to wake (like battery life? Never had it so idk how it's affected) i dont see why you guys would argue against it. A lot of people prefer rear mounted sensors so why not make it an option? It's almost as if you're arguing that since you prefer it this way, no one should get to have it that way. 
I've rooted and ROMed for years, but that is no longer a legitimate solution. You root or ROM and you either blow SafetyNet and lose Android Pay/other apps, or you undercut SafetyNet and open up a MASSIVE security risk. Root/custom firmware is not an acceptable excuse anymore, and in some cases you lose more than you gain...
Don't you think that's occurred to most if not all people who have this gripe? I mean get a different phone isn't exactly the pinnacle of insight. 
If I get a phone with DT2W that doesn't have as good of a camera, am i allowed to lament the camera? Or will you tell me I should have got a different phone? 
People who use the  emoji in arguments are the cancer of the internet. 
Why should he have to compromise his security so he can add a feature that he thinks should already be included. 
Just want to jump in and say that root/custom firmware was never a solution (it's not that it isn't anymore), according to this train of posts :-)
Yeah I was taking to someone in another sub about Pokemon Duel and why it won't let him get passed the ToS. Turns out his phone was rooted and Nintendo or whoever made it didn't want to allow that.
Then the search continues...
At this point, it's like beating a dead horse. The messaging issue that Google is dealing with should honestly be a concern only for shareholders and employees of the company. There are plenty of solid apps out there like WhatsApp and Facebook Messenger that everyone is already using so there's no demand for a similar app from Google outside of tech circles.
I think they should just get one integrated service and leave it at that. The chances of them controlling the messaging market is so incredibly small, it's not worth pumping their resources in. Also, Google has the attention span of a goldfish for their sideprojects, so I'd rather not use a Google messaging service.
Wehavethisthreadeveryday.jpg
We are painfully aware. 
> I would love a WiFi & SMS compatible messenger that integrates with my phone number to auto-detect whether or not the recipient also has this particular messenger. It would be even better if it was pre-installed on every Android device, guaranteeing people would at least see it. Perhaps we could even make it the default messenger for Android?Wait a minute... Doesn't an existing phone company do something eerily similar to this?
Another day another XDA article repeating the obvious.
Not really? Americans use SMS, and the rest use WhatsApp. Well, some Asian countries use something else but I can't remember the name.
I can't take anyone seriously when they include Spaces in discussion about messaging apps. Google needs to figure things out but spaces is not a messenger. It would be like saying reddit or Google+ communities are messengers.
Spaces is NOT a messaging app god dammit
and the sad thing is, they dont care.... they could care less what we the customers think.
I think there's still a space for a default Google messaging app, but not 4 defaults that you need to get and use in order to mimic the functionality of one of the other ones. They had it with Hangouts, and if they had added duo video chat, allo messaging, and better SMS integration, they'd be the default and most widely used messaging app. 
If there's no demand, why is Google fragmenting their messaging apps? Why put an effort into something half baked when there's already apps out there that do it better?They see potential in gaining users with apps made by them but they don't even try to differentiate themselves or offer anything competitive. This is why people complain. Either give us something we'd gladly switch to or just leave it be. Hangouts was wonderful until they decided to change intentions.
I agree that there is no need for a similar app to WhatsApp and Facebook Messenger (sorry Allo). However there is a demand for a solid default Android messaging app like iMessage. Hangouts isn't it!More importantly, Google's convoluted messaging strategies makes it tempting for users to abandon Android -- at least in the US.Anecdotally, the majority of my friends and coworkers have switched to iPhones. Aside from the small few who had phones from carriers that led to a crappy experience, all of my friends cited iMessage as the reason for the switch.Google must understand this, right??
Exactly right. Why bother with some new app when the established giants like WhatsApp/Facebook have literally billions of users? People with iPhones will use iMessage no matter what. Google dropped the ball on messaging and it will cost them, but it's their problem, not ours. We can use whatever app has our friends on it. You can be a fan of Android and Google but you're not required to use ALL Google apps. 
Well, there is if they want to compete with iMessage. SMS needs to be integrated into it. Hangouts is technically that...but it doesn't feel as right.
> solid apps> Facebook MessengerPick one. 
Exactly. They're making desperate attempts to capture the messenger market knowing that they'll not get there, at least for a very long time.
I'm still angry it isn't Hangouts
> Also, Google has the attention span of a goldfish for their sideprojects, so I'd rather not use a Google messaging service.That's one of the core reasons WhatsApp is so big here (and, last I checked, in the majority of the world). Yeah it used to be absolutely barebones, but it did what it said on the tin (send messages without incurring costs like SMS do for most of us) and it ran on everything including a potato. So it's a better messaging app.Meanwhile, Allo's manager seems to think that stickers are a cool feature to be hyped about, indicating they didn't ever use competing products such as Telegram. I really don't get how Google's company works internally. >.<
I think that's their strategy though. They said that separate apps are the future
The article may be more redundant than Google's messaging services. 
Oh yes, Xiaomi does just that - Mi Message! Comes with the default Messaging app.
So many chances. They had so many chances to get this right. I believed in them when they released hangouts, but it became clear very soon that they wouldn't get there. Despite this being the most requested feature.. I have given up hope. I'm not even hyped anymore when Google releases a new app. Every damn time they release something that is not ready and just stop developing it at the same time. 
WeChat (China), LINE (Japan) 
At this point I don't think it matters. I might be wrong on this but Google will never have a market share anywhere close to the other messaging apps. It's going to be like the difference between Google and Bing or Google Plus and Facebook.
I'm curious to find out why Facebook saw the worth of WhatsApp at $19B, but Google did not. How will Google profit off a messaging app if the messages are encrypted?
I don't think it matters. The problem is we all have a choice when it comes to Android and no matter how good a messaging app Google comes up with, we will choose not to use it because it doesn't have feature X and I don't want to get my people to download it.
Nope
You memetexted wrong
They should have just bought Whatsapp when they had the chance, really.
It's a strategy, but certainly not a winning one.
Inconvenience in my opinion. 
Pretty much. it comes up like clockwork every 2-3 days. 
XDA strikes again
And a smattering of telegram and Facebook messenger here and there. 
They ship enough cheap Android phones that if they had a pre-installed app that most people had no reason to replace, they'd get huge adoption rates overnight.
They would if they made one all that did it all and shipped it default. 
You aren't wrong. Google does a lot of things really well. But they are almost completely incompetent when it comes to delivering consistency and longevity. Google is basically too ADD to ever actually *finish* a product and then to make it actually you know, work (with a few notable exceptions). 
Facebook didn't pay $19B for WhatsApp, they paid $19B for (at the time) 500 million phone numbers and all the message logs between those numbers. The fact that they got WhatsApp was just a bonus in essence. They just wanted the data so that they could compare notes between their own data and WhatsApp's data and know even more about their users.
Because some execs at Google are idiotic
They tried.  WhatsApp told them no, Google tried to go straight to the investors and they were still told no.
That's fair.I did feel it was worth revisiting in light of the confusing and out of nowhere Google Voice update. I had assumed that Voice was simply a precursor to Fi and that would be that. I guess it's not that simple though. 
It's become the new I have an article quota to fill and am out of ideas go-to 
The Hangouts app was installed by default on every Android smartphone that was shipped with the Play Store. After shipping hundreds of millions of smartphones with it pre-installed, people still did not choose to adopt it.
They'd also be sued for anticompetitive practices, and deservedly so.
True, but such action will also get them into hot waters with the EU, for example, for being anti-competitive and monopoly-like tactics.
What message logs? 
With Hangouts being moved to enterprise, Project Fi will not be able to use it, so they revive Voice and move Project Fi users over there. At least that's the way I see, also wouldn't be surprised if later down the line, Google Voice and Project Fi become one and the same (with one taking the other's name).
Only because it did not have the features of other apps. If it had Imessage-like features nobody would have had to go looking for another messaging app like WhatsApp or Signal, etc. 
Anecdotally I know loads of people that use hangouts (or rather, continued using Google Talk.)It seems like a few different choices in Hangouts history could have increased adoption pretty heavily. 
Thank you. People always say if it were default XYZ Google app would be the messaging app of choice. Hangouts never became that app because people bashed and didn't use it just like Google's new apps (which really aren't that bad). All these apps need are people using them. All the average person really cares about is if 'so & so' is using the app, features will come later and the app will improve. Lastly, does anyone else remember how basic iMessage was for years? iMessage became what it is today because it has people using it (never mind how Apple got people to use it, point still stands). 
So many people i know didn't know what it was. If they've never heard of it& If it didn't say Messages they probably wouldn't bother with it.
That's because you have to go into the settings and allow hangouts to handle your SMS messages. Most people will use whatever is the default on their phones. You'd be surprised how many people don't even know what SMS is.  
Actually hangouts work with gmailids while Whatsapp and messenger work with phone numbers. Phone numbers easily allow you to access friends because you have them in phone. Gmail ids not so much.
Why? For shipping their own removable app? Do they get sued over shipping Google maps, keep, chrome, or any of their other apps?
IANAL, but as far as I understand, as long as they don't block other apps in any way, they're still allowed to package in whatever apps they want. Is that not true?
I think they were referring to metadata. Even if the messages are encrypted end-to-end, Facebook still knows who is talking to who, and when.
In the US maybe, everywhere else in the world they wouldn't care if it had a literal iMessage clone because SMS are too expensive, and WhatsApp/FB messenger already gave the rich messaging experience free of charge.
Google talk was pretty widely used before they fucked it up.
Sorry, I thought you specified making it the default app. If they required it as default to keep GMS they'd be forcing themselves into a new market based on their monopoly in another. But then again, if they don't set it as default then nobody will use it so it's just as useless.
It is true up to a point. Remember that the EU's ways of seeing problems with competition and monopoly are a little different in comparison to how things are done in USA. The saga that's been going on with Google and Yelp is a good example. Here in the US the powers to be have concluded that Google is not being anticompetitive with Yelp, but in Europe, Google's still being investigated on those same claims.
 Canada uses SMS primarily and it's free with most plans.
All they did was rebrand it as Hangouts and made video chatting a more prominent feature.
I don't see how setting it as default is a problem if you're allowed to change it.
Yeah and a couple other countries here and there also use SMS primarily. My point is that the biggest markets don't care about Google's messaging problem. They're all happily using the apps they want, whether it's WhatsApp or messenger, and they wouldn't leave that for an iMessage clone, as evidenced by hangouts never catching on despite coming preinstalled with the phones.
I thought it was more than that since the gtalk service could be used with other apps, and hangouts was locked down. 
The US is the *biggest* consumer market, they're still important.  Canada obviously not so much, but we add to the US and you can't really ignore the consumer market of North America (Mexico is also starting to emerge as a large consumer of mobile computers).While I see your point, it's not make or break - but it's still an important issue to many of us and I'd date to say it's why SMS fallback is still important for successful apps.
Hangouts is literally named googletalk for the API Open up Gmail and you can still access Google Talk with the same settings you had in Hangouts 
WE'LL SEE YOU IN COURT! - Oracle, after losing in court 
Or>Oracle will continue to abuse the legal system against Google 
Oracle is a horrible company.   Screw them.
Oracle is like the annoying little kid that won't stop bugging you
Please let this lead to java's replacement. fuck java
This is getting ridiculous... 
I wonder if the non infringing copyright infringment from the facebook oculus case sparked this appeal.
Oracle.... Like, just stop.
If this is true:>Google copied thousands of lines of copyrighted code from Oracle's Java programming platform. Google concedes it put that code to the same use in the competing Android platform, for what this Court already has deemed entirely commercial purposes.then how could it be fair use?
I kind of wish Larry actually used his Twitter account.
i didnt know oracle was run by trump
Nothing wrong with the language. If you don't like Oracle, just use OpenJDK. 
what in particular do you have against Java? Personally, I hate that Oracle is a part of it, I think that's a fundamental detriment to Java. But it's basically the backbone of the internet, with the sheer number of major server-side applications running it. Plus, syntactically, I'll take Java's rigid structure over the free-for-all that is JavaScript any day. There's something to be said for forcing developers to follow a design paradigm, it produces consistency across the platform.
I lot of people (me included) are jumping ship from java, why use it when more powerful things like React.JS/Native and Node.JS are out there? Same for MySQL, a lot of people are going to MariaDB for small projects. Oracle is destroying everything in its hands and it's sad.
It's not actual code which Google copied, but rather the APIs - the actual code itself has been reimplemented by Google. Eg: in many programming languages, you can use the printf() function to display some text. The actual internal may implementation will differ from language-to-language or platform-to-platform, but as a coder you don't need to worry about that. Keeping a standard API allows you to re-use your code on other platforms without having to rewrite the whole thing.If stuff like printf() were copyrighted, then everyone will be in trouble because printf() is used in practically every programming language. It's kinda like a standard, and coders generally mimic or keep the same conventions to make it easier to code for other platforms/languages, and also for app/platform interoperability.Another example: Wine ([Crossover](https://www.codeweavers.com/products)) is a popular program to run Windows apps in Linux and Mac OS. It is a clean-room re-implementation of the Windows APIs, and doesn't contain any actual code or binaries taken from Windows.  So if APIs were copyrightable, then the entire Wine/Crossover project would be doomed, even though they did not use any code from Microsoft - which is very unfair.
As far as I know, the case that was decided last year was whether or not copying the structure, not code, of 37 of Java's APIs, violated copyright. The structure of 37 APIs isn't thousands of lines, and furthermore anyone at all who seeks to interact with the API **needs** to make an opposing copy of the structure in order to do so, which is why it **has** to be fair use.Now I haven't gone through court proceedings to bolster my claim - if the court proceeds are even that detailed. There might be more to it, but that's my take.
Google doesn't know how to respect copyright. I will teach them!
Oracle is making money hand over fist. If they lose someone using thier technology that never paid them a cent to begin with, they don't care... Which is why they are quite happy to wreck java on android (they currently make no money from it) 
Oh. That wasn't at all clear from the article. I'd probably have to agree with the court then. The actual case that runs the command is Google's, the command was taken from the Java API, which can probably be treated like a fact, as all code that uses it would probably then be in violation. 
Ta for that.  That want clear from the article. 
One of the reasons I stick with Samsung phones. An excellent app
I use it all the time. It's the most solid implementation of this type of thing I've found. It's great for doing photo shoots too since you can position the phone anywhere and use your tablet as a wireless viewfinder and camera controller. 
Completely useless for a Linux user.
does this still work on an ancient s3mini with custom rom?
I still find the samsung phone best i am using Samsung galaxy grand it runs smooth after i rooted it, Custom ROM/
This would be perfect if it didn't require you to be on the same network. Not sure why they implemented that limitation. Even a notification only mode, if not on the same network, would be sufficient
The limitation is because when you're on the same network there is no server needed in between the phone and computer. If you are on separate networks, or mobile data, then Samsung would have to provide servers that serve as a relay. This is similar to how Join or Pushbullet do things.
That's not entirely true, it could connect p2p directly, even if you might need a very beefy connection on both ends to make that work smoothly.
Does this run Tizen?
How much does it cost to add a smartwatch on T-Mobile?
So if you buy it without the plan and just connect it to BT, can you still take calls from the watch as long as it's connected to your phone? That's my main feature I'd like on my next smartwatch.
How much useability does this have with a non-Samsung device? Can you control your phone's music, use Samsung pay, or does it behave more like its own device?
Nice price quote but still can't afford to buy new one.
Yup.
r/tizen
$5 per month if you want to use the cellular features.
Technically, yes. But you'll always have a No service/No SIM notification Edit: today I learned you can just switch off the radio to get the notification to go away.... thanks Reddit! You taught me something new!
Yes you can control music, you can view text message, email and whatever notification you set. I'm not sure about Samsung pay though, I know setting I'll Samsung is done in the Samsung gear app, so I'm sure you can on a non Samsung device
Good to point out if you want to finance the $96 you need to have the wearable plan. 
I have this watch and you can just turn off the radio in the setting. 
Lame. Do they sell BT only versions? 
So I can't buy it without buying the watch plan? ie buying it for 96+ tax outright ? 
There's no notification like that. I have the T-Mobile variant without a data plan and it works just fine
Nope. They treat it like a phone
If you have an account yes. $96 +tax. If you want to pay in installments you need the wearable plan. Source: am employee. 
Thanks for the legit answer from experience. I'm really interested in getting one of these, if I can scoop one for $100 without any extra charges and still get the features I'm interested in, that'd be ideal. 
Do you know if this would work on any other carrier? 
Love it, I hardly ever have to.open messenger. Only times I do is if someone sends multi text or a picture.
Really like it too. Only problem is the stupid WhatsApp notifications don't let me see anything except the last message sent by the person and so often I end up having to open the chat anyways.
i love them
I love the idea but there are a couple of annoying quirks I wish they'd fix. Like how if I'm typing a message and I get a new notification it shuffles all my notifications around and closes my quick reply message. 
It's nice, but it doesn't always work. I've had messages with Hangouts and Signal look like they're sending and then never show up in the conversation nor are they received by the other person.
Love it. What I'd love though is Inbox like reminder settings for notifications added to Android 8.0The way it currently is with notifications on Nougat is sliding slightly either direction gives a settings cog for app notifications with 3 options. What I'd personally like is quick slide to the right to dismiss, short right for app notification settings and slide left to set a notification reminder, say 1 hour,  3 hours or set your own time and date. 
A much faster way of answering mom with yes
I don't care for it much. It doesn't close notifications sometimes after I reply. 
I'm loving this feature. I just wonder if it would be more useful for the text input field to scroll vertically instead of horizontally (for when I want to check back over a reply I write that ends up fairly long).Also I really wish that if I started typing a reply in it, then decide to do it in the full app halfway through, that when I clicked on the notification to open the full app (of whichever app it is), then the text that I've begun writing gets copied into the text input field in the full app. At least for me, it currently just discards whatever progress to the message writing I've made in the quick reply, and I have to start from scratch in the full app. 
very useful.maybe motorola should optimize it better because it drop frames, but it works very well besides that
One thing I cant stand is when receiving multiple messages from the same sender I could read them when i slide down the notification in MM, but cant do that in Nougat. Other than that, it's awesome.
Really love it. Glad Signal supports them now, too. But their implementation isn't perfect yet.
Is that new? I'm still on stock Marshmallow (Note 5) and all my messaging app let me reply straight from the notification bar. What's the difference with what is offered on Nougat?
Love it! I use it all the time.
must-have. I get that some apps have pop-up replies before Nougat but they all look hideous. Nougat implementation is the best I've seen and used
I love it.What I don't love is how it leaves the 'unread message' notification up.If I've seen and replied to a message, they can assume I've read it.

Great for those short answers when you only need to confirm of deny something. 
It's pretty great. I find it to be one of the most genuinely useful features in the entire OS, as it makes a direct impact on how I use my phone. Fewer switching between apps is always a good thing, and now I find the notifications to be truly useful.
I won't ever know till I upgrade because I'm on Verizon with the S7... 
One of my favorite things with Nougat. Can't wait until I actually get it 
I'm happy it's there but honestly I probably use it 10% of the time
I wish I didn't have to unlock my phone in order use it
Huh, I knew it existed when it came out and completely forgot about it... Thanks for reminding me OP. :P
Pretty good I just wish when I quick reply to a text, it would clear the notification...
I hard ever send a one message response.  To me quick reply is pointless as I am always having a conversation with the other person. It only allows me to send message. I have to open the app to send another.
I love them. Sometimes it's annoying if the message times out and fails to send in WhatsApp or just hangs completely sometimes in Hangouts, making me have to open the app instead. When they work they're great though.
I love it, it makes thing really easy.I guess only thing is that last week my workplace was hiring, my floor mate asked if her sorority could use me as a reference (student manager, but still if I barely know you why would you ask if your friends would in the first place) in two separate messages; all I saw was can we use you as a reference? which I thought was my floormates she was referring to. The next day my managers like wow you must get a lot of girls a whole bunch just walked in with you as a reference. I basically set them all up for the fail/fail interview question so how well do you kaipolygon?
Had it for years with Sony and even longer with custom roms. Didn't know that this was missing in stock.
It's okay. It's been over 3 years since I worked on Fusion Messenger, but it's disappointing to see people don't write their own quick reply. Using the default one is fine, but I would developers implement a quick reply of their own with chat history. For reference, this is [what I did back then](http://i.imgur.com/1SrOOOt.png)
I like it, but it's annoying that I still have to unlock my phone to reply.
I love it but I cant reply on the lockscreen :(
I like it, but I don't use it often. I don't text that much, Facebook Messenger does not support it, and anyway, I got chat heads enabled.
It's awesome.  Even better than the one on iOS
Use it all the time, pretty much. With Textra it's ehhh because you already have the option of just opening the Convo and quick replying by just tapping on the notification, but I find myself replying to texts both ways more often than not
I wish Instagram would update and let me quick reply, I have people message me more in that app and I would love to have quick reply working properly. 
I'm surprised it works with LINE.
I also love it, and i feel lazy to open the particular app and rpl. I rather love replying directly
I only open it to make the notification go away.
This is fixed in WhatsApp beta. Go to the playstore WhatsApp page and scroll to the bottom to find the option to opt into the beta version. 
Really? Can you not just open the notificationbar up a little? It should show the whole message.
Fixed in beta as someone else mentioned, but the more annoying bug is when you've typed out a reply and then a new message arrives and everything is refreshed and you have to type everything out again. Makes me want to throw my phone against a wall!
Yeah and not being able to get a preview of an image you've been sent is really annoying
This. This has to be a fix in an upcoming version.
I'd love the option to slide down on the heads up notification as well. As of now, I have to either wait for it to collapse into the notification bar, or swipe it up 
I do love that if you go back to the quick reply it has the message you typed still there. That's the one saving grace 
Same issue here with hangouts, strangely my friend won op3 doesn't have this issue, maybe it's a nexus bug 
Yup same with WhatsApp. I'll open WhatsApp sometimes and see the message with the clock symbol, indicating it yet to reach the WhatsApp server, let alone recipient's device.
Thats the intended behavior, you can go back to the notifications without closing your apps or disrupting your workflow and text again
Each app can choose what they do after you replied. Telegram's messages dismiss themselves after you reply. WhatsApp's messages don't.
THIS! Glad someone took the time and wrote it down
It does that if implemented right, if you are talking about Whatsapp it's fixed in the betas
In MM it pops into your screen entirely.In Nougat it is actually IN the notification, the notification stays in the bar and you type in the notification.
How can you forget, haha. :P
If implemented correctly you can send how many messages you want from the same notification. 
That might vary on the app; bundled notifications should allow for separate direct replies for each contact.
This... I wish it would know you read it and mark it as read.
You know you can just swipe it left or right ?
Right? Problem is even worse with Android Wear since you then have to pull your phone out. It would be really easy for them to add a Mark Read quick action to the notification. 
Cool, I'll check it out.
It breaks the Nougat emojis theme :( (it's a theme that forces WhatsApp to use Nougat emojis)
What it hasn't fixed, at least for me, is your current message that you're typing disappearing when a new message comes in. 
No that still doesn't reveal all the messages unfortunately , not on my phone anyways.
If you juggle two or more text conversations this will happen to you multiple times per hour. It sucks. But I think it's part of a larger problem. They're always reshuffling the order of my notifications. Multiple times per day I'll be about to tap on a notification and then they suddenly reorder so I tap the wrong one. That's particularly infuriating. 
Wouldn't that be functionally the same as just tapping to reply in the heads up notification except with a swipe down gesture? 
That's the only thing that makes it not totally unbearable. I do hate the constant reshuffling of notifications nougat does. Causes me to tap the wrong one all the time. 
At least WhatsApp lets you know. I'll go into a conversation in Hangouts/Signal after a while wondering why someone hasn't responded to me only to find that I never sent them anything. 
Well that's Fucking retarded
yeah I am talking about whatsapp, sorry, forgot to mention
Oh, thanks.I look forward to it then! The pop up thing was a bit annoying, and I do see how the Nougat modification is an improvement.
That might be so. But I dont think I've used an app that does that.
I personally use Pulse SMS. I switched over to it after hearing good things, and it honestly takes everything that Messenger does right and it adds a couple more useful features, including read in the notifications. 
This may be a TouchWiz feature, I don't know, but I get the option to mark as read from the notification on my S7 running the Nougat beta. 
I couldn't agree more with this. I love being able to reply without leaving what I'm doing, however it becomes redundant to have to open the app anyway to remove the unread marks.
What phone are you using that doesn't do this?This works fine on S7 Edge Nougat.
It doesn't mark the SMS as read.
I've got another comment down lower, but the built in messenger doesn't mark the messages as read that way.
Oh weird... on stock Android and on Sense (which is close to stock) it does iirc.
No its not...
It's incredibly useful for me since it allows me to keep the conversation going no matter what I'm doing on my phone. You know, like a quick reply type of thing. Get it?
Google Messenger 
Textra for me
I didn't know how much I needed Mark as read until switching to Pulse. That and texting on my work computer so I don't look like a slacker with my phone out are killer features. 
The only reason I don't use Pulse is that you have to pay for the multi-device feature to use the Wear app. Pulse is great.
Messenger as the Facebook app or Google app ? It's possible that it doesn't mark it as read. But if you answer, you technically read it, no ? I love the direct replies personally. :)
I use QKSMS, you can reply from the notification and it counts as read. There's also a read button in the notification to mark it as read without replying.
My phone is a pixel, so it's running as stock of an Android as it gets lol.
I understand not wanting to make the space too crowded but it would be nice if there were also a 'send & close' option, though.
Oh I didnt know that. But SMS is expensive in my country. Nobody uses it. 
Yeah that is a little unfortunate, but you can do almost everything you need straight from the notifications on the watch. It even let me view the conversation and reply with voice. 
Google Messenger. Even if you reply via the notification, the SMS remains unread. Pretty annoying.
Huh :xThen I don't know.edit: oh I read it wrong, I am actually not sure if my HTC 10 does that as well.
**Technically** incorrect. Pixel is not stock Android.
Just swipe it away
Could be a bug.
Before I used HTC and I agree you can pull down to show more messages, but that was running Android 6.0 so I'm not sure if it's a Sense thing or a Nougat 7.1.1 (which I'm using now).
On my 10 it does
That dismisses the notification but the messages don't get marked read in the app.
Could be. It has persisted across many, many app updates, however.
You have a point, could be Sense after all.
Then I am not imagining it.
That's how always worked, Textra does Mark it as read when you swipe the notification 
Could be a feature
Considering it's a Google product, that doesn't rule it out as a bug at all, haha.
Not in the built in messenger.
Could be. It's a bad one.
At least it sends SMS
I know, that's what I said, it has always worked that way but Textra does mark it as read when you swipe it away
Can we hope that dark theme comes to other Google apps? News & Weather already has it.
Play Movies needs  subscription model. 
Although it's back up now, I'm surprised that I saw no complaints here about how this update crashed on launch for a full day. 
Hopefully this is a sign of things to come regarding Google apps and all Android apps in general.  I'm using alternate Facebook and Twitter apps partly because they have dark/AMOLED black themes.
It's not toggleable?
They should just do a global dark theme.
[I still have the old light theme. ](http://i.imgur.com/gVUOjYh.jpg)
PHP? Is this for Asia only?
Can I disable this? I like the light screen better with more color.
I hope this is brought over to chromecast. That glaring, static white background is brutal 
I wish there was a way to replace the all-white that every page load starts with, so even if it's a fast loading dark page, there's a flash of white every page load.
Very nice. Now please hire a few designers to go through the Google Play library and update all of the awful, poorly cropped, low-res, logo-ladden box arts with clean, high res, tasteful boxart. And give us the ability to display our library in smaller rows/columns; the giant 2 movie width library view is super ugly.
So PHP is now a currency, I didn't know that.  /s
Play Music pleeeease
You're my hero
I would use this over Netflix any day for watching movies.
Didn't someone post a while back that on the Google survey app they asked if people would  be interested in a subscription for play movies, music, YouTube, etc
Google Play all access please! Movies, music & books!
Yeah not here but over in [AndroidTV](https://www.reddit.com/r/AndroidTV/comments/5sxeoo/force_stopped_google_play_movies_once_i_get_this/) and [ShieldAndroidTV](https://www.reddit.com/r/ShieldAndroidTV/comments/5sxfmr/another_day_another_problem_since_update_google/). 
I really want a device wide  light/dark  setting that all apps with light/dark themes respect. 
Which ones are they? 
this exactly i want all their apps native dark themed
Not gonna happen.. there's at least 16 new sticker packs for Allo that are in progress..
For real! We desperately need a dark theme in Google Play Music. 
Wouldn't that depend entirely on the library of movies and TV shows?
I expected it here too seeing as it was broken on my Shield TV as well as my phone and tablet. 
N previews had this, but Google removed it because apparently they didn't want people to have to design light and dark versions of their apps. But then with the next update, making people design normal and round versions of their icons isn't a problem...
Swipe as Facebook app, Fenix as Twitter app.  The paid versions are worth it.
You mean this? [Play Music](http://i.imgur.com/D1pOGbq.png)Using swift black substratum theme. :)
Has the problem been fixed? I haven't updated it on my shield for that very reason. 
I couldn't find anywhere, how does material injection in swipe look like ? 
lol noHopefully better than that.
Yep it's fixed now. You can update.
I prefer [Swift Dark](http://i.imgur.com/sN2zmmh.jpg)
Where did you get that?
It's a [theme](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.brit.swiftdark.substratum&hl=en) for [substratum theme engine](https://forum.xda-developers.com/android/themes/projekt-substratum-t3423623). You need to be rooted and using a ROM that supports OMS. 
Other comment is partially right, you have to be rooted with a custom rom. There are swift themes for CM theme engine and for substratum, so if you're willing to use custom roms there are multiple options. 
Haven't used this on Android, but gotta say this is the best PDF Viewer on iOS.If it's this good on Android just go get it now I think it's free on iOS.
~~It takes way longer than moon reader to open longer files~~ (Nevermind this part, I forgot I was opening files from drive) but annotations and highlighting are just as good if not better with the stamps and all. It also lets you move the toolbars to the sides of the screen which is handy.If they added the option to inverse colors it could be a decent option for people who don't have moon reader.
Incredibly fast. Loaded a 700 page PDF with images and text without any issues. Thumbing through pages is quick with no lag. 
Do the annotations and other features like highlighting persist? If I make edits here, save and open the file on PC later in acrobot or other programs, would I see the changes?
Does it support text reflow? 
> Do the annotations and other features like highlighting persist?Yeah, I can see the changes on both moon reader and on my PC. It would probably depend on the program that you use on your computer tho, I don't use Adobe Reader.
Yep, they'll persist :)
No, I don't see an option for that. 
Great. Thanks. 
What program should I use on Linux to view the same highlights and annotations? We don't have adobe PDF reader. 
Great. Thanks. 
DOA
Okular is great and free, you will just need to install a bunch of KDE dependencies with it as well tho...
Wish worked for me. Make sure you have instant apps turned on in Settings -> Google -> Instant apps. It's off by default I think.Every time I try this it just seems super weird as a search result. It's really cool technology, but it belongs as a Test Drive this app button in the Play Store. 
For me no search retruns Instant. 
Not seeing instant apps anywhere http://i.imgur.com/glnd7l0.jpg
Worked for me on Chrome Beta.  Did not work for me on regular Chrome.
Is the feature Pixel or 7.1.1+ only, don't see it in the settings on my OP3, stock nougat
Thanks! Working for me running 7.1.2 beta on my Nexus 5x
Wish worked well and Viki did as well after some digging. Periscope and BuzzFeed are still a no. (Pixel XL)
I don't have the instant apps option to turn on in my 5x. Any advice?
This is pretty cool. Same as you, only wish and Viki work. Once this gets popular we can finally stop dealing with the sites that have a huge download app banner
6.12.22.21 doesn't work for me
I knew I had seen it install, didn't know I had to turn it on. Thanks!
I remember in some app store they used have 30 minute testing periods of apps.
How did you take a scrolling screenshot?
Instant Apps is done through the Google Search app and Play Services, not Chrome
Hey, I cant seem to find the option that you have to toggle in chrome to make it work. Do you by any chance remember? 
I dont have it on my pixel XL...
Unsure, you download it through the Google app, maybe check for updates.
I have it on my XL running Pure Nexus. Randomly saw installing instant apps in a notification the other day for like 2 seconds. 
Default on samsung. Screens hot and hit capture more until you get to the bottom of the page.
For non Samsung devices, there's [Stitch & Share](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.glitch.stitchandshare&hl=en)works great on my Pixel
I must be extra special then since it works for me outside the Google search app.   Or...more likely you are just very misinformed. 
no toggle in chrome that I'm aware of.  There is a toggle under google settings.
If you haven't heard about this yet, [here's an article explaining what it is and how it works](https://www.google.com/amp/s/techcrunch.com/2017/01/23/google-starts-testing-instant-apps-in-the-wild/amp/) 
Do they only work in 7.1? Using Firefox on LG G5 with 7.0 just directed me to play store.
Just used that link. Holy crap, that's awesome! Can't wait for it to show up more!
I got the Twitter instant app.
You have to see if you have the process installed, plus you have to run KK and up
I mean I ran into instant apps months ago... it popped up as an ad for a solitaire game. Let me play it without installing anything, and no, it wasn't the one that Google has as a web-app. 
Chrome browser, and they're still only pushing the capability to a limited number of devices. The end-goal is to make it a feature for everyone. I'm not sure which devices/OS builds are on that list. I'm using 7.1.1 on a Pixel XL. 
I believe it's intended for use with the Chrome browser.
They showed them off running on KitKat last I/O so no.
That is Google's app steaming, where the app runs on their server and is streamed to your device to allow you to demo an app. It's been there for a while, long before instant apps.
I just got my XL about a week ago, and read a few things about instant apps about the same time. Very exiting for me, just curious to see what else is out there at the moment. I didn't know developers have been working on this for so long. Very cool.
Is it better to update via this app instead of my LOS updater in settings?I heard there are OTA bugs when flashing nightlies, will this OTA updater be safe or shall i flash via recovery?I'm unrooted.
This flashes from recovery, or at least it did when I last used it. How it works is instead of downloading the full zip file every time you download an update, it'll have you give it a starting zip, then track changes from when that zip was made. It keeps track of every change made and when you decide to update, it downloads only the stuff that was changed, and merges them into the zip you gave it, which you then just flash through recovery like any other update. Then it uses that new zip file to track new changes relative to until you update again. What I've seen recommended is to use this for a few updates, then every 7-10 updates download a whole new zip and update using that, while also setting that as your new zip that it tracks changes relative to. It's probably being a bit paranoid, I didn't do that and updated purely using CyanDelta back on CM12.1 for months on end and never ran into issues, but it's nice if you want to make sure any residual errors don't keep accumulating in the off chance that it does make a mistake. Again though, probably being extra safe, I never had issues with it not merging stuff correctly. 
I'm still using on one device good old [Noyze](https://plus.google.com/+ThomasBarrasso/posts/jKNZv8zGNFQ) app!
Would be interesting if it could work with the Chromecast audio volume. Have to try it myself.
Doesn't work in nougat ( couldn't find it in build prob)
You won't find it there, you must add it!
I'm not using one, but I can answer the why. Phones are expensive.
A few months ago I decided it was time to upgrade, but I was halfway between the s7 and s8, so here I am still with my s3 waiting for the s8 
Not me, or even an S3. I know a guy who only recently replaced his S2. He'd had it for almost 6 years, I think. He just had no interest in replacing it, only used it for calls and texts, the odd photo, all of which his S2 did fine. In the end his missus got sick of how slow it was and bought him a new phone. Watching him try to do anything with it was infuriating. Unlocking took ~5 seconds. It was insane. He also never updated it. I mean, I don't know if he did update it at all the entire time he had the thing, but he always avoided updates like the plague. So ya, never updated because he hates change. He's like an old man when it comes to tech stuff. Dudes not even 30. 
With the cheap cost of an S4 or an S5 why stay so far behind?
I still use a galaxy s5, and probably won't upgrade for a couple years. No point. My phone is still smooth with LOS, and I don't see any reason to upgrade. Performance is useless since mobile games are crap and devs don't make games that only work on newer phones anyway, and I don't use the camera really.
So many midrange phones to upgrade to. They will definitely last 2-3 years.
I use it as a home camera. It has a good camera for the time
S3, no.  S4, yes.  It's getting a little sluggish, especially after moving to Android 6, but the design is far better as a phone than anything since.  Glass, metal, non-removable batteries, no SD cards... design has gone to heavier and more easily damaged phones with planned obsolescence.  
it still works and nothing i want to do with a phone requires anything better. it's the optimal size for my pockets/hands and it's very easy to hold (i'm told that newer phones are slippery? where did we go so wrong?)
Just to have the latest versions of Android on an old device. Currently running official Lineage OS 7.1.1 on it.
I was using my S3 until early last month. I was fairly happy overall with CM13, but it was getting to the point where everything was pretty slow. When I was trying to look up something for my wife one day, and when she commented I'm getting frustrated just watching you, I figured it was time to upgrade. I'm now on a OnePlus 3T, chosen mostly because I know it has good custom ROM support, and I can use that to extend the life of the phone to 4+ years again. 
Well my note 2 is still going. No need to replace really. 
i would have still been using my S4 if it hadn't crapped out on me. it gave me 3 good years.
I'm still using my Note 3, but it's on it's last legs.  Holding onto it until the S8+ comes out.  I feel like getting an S7 would be a waste with an upgrade coming out so soon.
I use it as a backup phone. It has lineage OS and a new battery from aukey, it was used in a case with a screen protector, so it is still in good conditions. compared to modern sub-100  phones, it still hold its own quite nicely.
I had an original iPhone for 6 years.Texting and phone reception hasn't vastly improved. Battery hasn't either. The stuff I need  is speedy enough in wifi.  I carry a small Canon for photo quality that crushes anything in a phone. The biggest improvement I need aren't sought out or important to developers.
The S3 LTE is my only smartphone and I own it since about 3.5 years. Why? Why should I buy a new one? The hardware still works perfectly fine and has enough power for all tasks. Additionally I have a CM fork with the newest Android version and security patches installed. I'll probably only get a new one if this one (typing on it right now) completely dies.
I still rock my S3 mini... Reason? I'm poor student. Ironically, I study CS and currently develop Android apps... Android Jellybean isn't the best when it comes to testing new features (have to settle for AVD) :/Altough when I deleted all the bloatware and tweaked setting with Kernel Adiutor it is perfectly usable for Spotify/Messenger apps.
Not me, butmy mom is happy with hers since she only uses it for messaging, calls and photos.I'll give her my S7e or XperiaXZ later this year, that poor S3 needs to be laid to rest already.
I always keep it as a backup! It's got great roms! 
I still use a S III (not a daily driver) as a music player. This was the international version so ditched it for using LTE.Wife uses OnePlus One with custom rom. Sometimes feel it is better than my 6P!! 
I am using mine as a secondary phone.Still works. Still usable by today's standards.
I upgraded last March when the S7 came out. I thought I was in a very small minority but the S7 sub seems to have a lot of people that went straight from the S3 to the S7, for whatever reason. My reason for holding on to it was because I was in and out of the country a lot when I first got it and also I was waiting for a phone that was perfect for me. The S7 was as close to perfect as I could get and I'm happy I got it. 
Kiddos still use it to play on. My mom still has hers going on lineage OS.
I guess if it wasn't for Galaxy Gear 1 with camera (smartwatch), I would still use S3. I only upgraded to Note 3 for the smartwatch, and although unnecessary, I did it. I haven't upgraded permanently ever since, as every phone after that such as S6, S7, Note 5 etc did not cut it for me. Lack of exchangeable battery means I can't use it as a daily driver.I guess I'll stick to Note 3 for few more years as primary phone, and whatever next big thing is I will use as media device or so. I Only had temporary S6, S7, N5 for VR, but it wasn't enough for me to convert fully.I never ever in my life thought that I'd love to take a picture underwater. Waterproof is not really a feature for me. I want to change my battery any moment I feel like.
I've been using an S3 on and off while I was waiting to RMA my new phone. I have a OnePlus One too but the screen is broken. Actually didn't mind it after a while, the form factor is really nice and I don't game much on my phone so it performed okay. Sometimes there was a lag spike and the keyboard became annoying to use but as a backup it's still fine. 
I used S3 until last month. It's still usable with cm13 but still crashing here and there when the apps stop working and the battery only last me like 3-4 hours. Then i upgraded to redmi 4 prime and the difference is like night and day. Going from 2-3 hours sot to 10-11 hours feels good man.
Does a note 3 count?
Was using until this Jan..Got OPT3 :)  S3 has perfect screensize !
My mom was still rocking an S3 up until this past Christmas. 
Gave it to my father when I got a Note 5 a year and a half ago.He still uses it.   Still a good phone. 
My dad still uses his. It's running lineage 14.1. it meets his needs. The only things is that the power button is messed up. So it might be time for an upgrade. 
I still use my S3 every day as a media player for podcasts, audiobooks, and music, and as a white noise maker so I can fall asleep despite my tinnitus. It doesn't have phone service as I have a Moto X Pure for that, but as as media player my S3 works great. I have a 128gb micro SD card for storage and am using an Anker  2200mAh battery which always lasts longer than I expect it will.  The S3 is small enough that I can use it with one hand, and the display doesn't strain my eyes.I have absolutely no reason whatsoever to upgrade to another device. As long as the S3 doesn't die I'll keep using it.
Not the S3 but Im still using the Galaxy Note II. Holy shit, the lag
I was using the S2 up until last year.
I'm holding only my s4. Might go for a moto g5 depending on specs and stuff. 
I was using my Samsung Note 2 until November of 2016. I got the Note 2 the day it came out in 2012. I still love the phone but moved on to the LG v20.
I have a 3rd hand S3. I don't plan on getting a new phone until I get a job and I'm not a fan of the big sized phones that are considered mainstream size nowadays. Plus I miss some of the old school features that are absent in most phones - external storage and replaceable battery.Currently for web browsing, calling, messaging and a few apps I use it just works okayish.
i have my samsung s4 still, waiting for something new to come out that i want. this does the job, although it doesnt like a lot of tasks
Brother in law still using his. I recently purchased CyanogenMod 13 on it for him - said it was like getting a new phone. 
My dad was still using his S3 until a week ago when he got a great deal on a new Honor 8.  Needless to say the S3 was so sluggish that it was virtually unusable, the breaking point was when it started to have trouble receiving calls.Still waiting for a good deal to replace my S4 (like the S3 no longer takes calls reliably)/hand-me-down iPhone 4S (even worse phone but has no problem with calls).
I wish. My mom was borrowing it when her phone broke and it got drenched on a rainy day. It still powers on, but the digitizer is unresponsive and too expensive to fix. I'll miss it, it was a great phone.
Because money. My S3 still works fine, thus I can use the money on fixing/replacing my dying car. I probably won't bother replacing it until it dies in all honesty. 
You could ask the President that. But for somebody like him (older), he's probably comfortable with it and it meets his most basic needs. 
None of the new phones nowadays offer a whole lot more. Plus it's a flagship that is compact enough but still with a big enough screen.
Xiaomi. Literally $90 phones that are quite capable, and $150 phones that almost match flagships in user experience (for non enthusiasts, of course.)
Not really.  Just got a LG Aristo for my father from MetroPCS for like $78 with $60 rebate.  Didn't add/switch lines.  It was literally a $18 upgrade with the rebate.Phones are dirt cheap.
You can buy a $50 smartphone from Amazon that'll beast the stuffing out of an S3. If that's too expensive, you should probably be on a flip phone.
Not really nowadays
But then again, once the s8 gets released, hold on for another 6 months for the true monster, the note8.
Smart move.
That jump will be fucking crazy town for you, **5 generation** jump, my god.
I just upgraded to Pixel.  The S3 was getting very sluggish and working my last nerve.  Then it couldn't accept calls, so it finally gave me a reason.  Edit: My other motivation was to get upgrades.  Verizon didn't push upgrades since 2014 or 2015.I'll use the S3 on wireless, for browsing.
I just replaced mine when BestBuy had the Moto G Play for $35 (I just use it as an mp3 and google music player at the gym). Having a Note 3 as my daily driver, I can't imagine the jump to a truly modern flagship. Enjoy! 
I think that's perfectly fine. I mean, he doesn't *have* to care about smartphones.
If it ain't broke don't fix it is my motto too, mainly when it comes to software 
> Dudes not even 30.wot m8
I do not update firmware for a reason.That reason is the same reason Steam gets 100+ mb updates every single day. It does not change anything, and if anything, it makes everything worse.Seriously, people who are constantly updating their system and/or apps are just number whores. If I open my play store, I can basically update every single app that I have on my phone. But why would I? Some features will be taken away, some features will be left broken. There is too much to loose in my perfectly set phone, and too little to gain to take that risk.
The S4 is so long-lived, you can *still* get it as the budget/entry phone on some pay-as-you-go plans!
What's the *real* change if he upgrades to S4 or S5? Tiny bit faster but that's about it.
>cheap costStill needs money...
Smartphones are becoming increasingly like toasters. Nobody is concerned with having the latest gen toaster that maybe prints a special pattern onto your toast, because it's still just toast.
I just switch to a Blu phone from s5.  Kind of happy with the Blu line up
Whats ur set up?
>  It's getting a little sluggishoh this is so nice to know! I thought it was only my phone and because it's at something around 15.4gb of 16gb.
> (i'm told that newer phones are slippery? where did we go so wrong?)Despite the vast number of people you encounter on a daily basis using phones with smashed glass display panels, some geniuses decided that what the public needs is glass *rear* panels to match!  So now it won't be long before it's common to see people using phones with spiderweb cracks crisscrossing both the front *and* rear!
The size, shape, and material of the S3 really melted into my hand. It feels so great to hold.
This. My 3 year old Moto G runs 7.1 like it's nothing, actually better than any other Android version before, even better than KitKat. Meanwhile my Redmi will very possiblly die on Marshmallow.
2GB ram was plenty for a 2012 phone
> None of the new phones nowadays offer a whole lot more. lol you are obviously not a techie. I would go crazy if I had to use an S3 for daily tasks
Except that leaves out the majority of Americans who are on CDMA.
where is a good place to buy Xiaomi phones in the US? their site doesn't list a buy option for most of what they sell. there are tons of sites that seem to be re-sellers but idk if they can be trusted. most of what i saw on Amazon doesn't seem to be in the price range you mentioned.
Those cellular bands though.
Just dropped on a Redmi 4 Prime. 11 hours SOT, it can handle all the games I play, and I get decent 4g. It's perfect. 
...says the person who has S7.
Dude you and I are rocking expensive Android phones. You more so with the XL. Don't tell me you think phones don't cost much these days because people can pay for them monthly...
Hey, even $400 is money you don't need to spend if what you've got does just what you need.
for you.
But you can just hold on for another 6 months is the S9, the real monster.
Not really. He will still end up using the same apps.
Yeah I'm pretty excited. My SO has the s7 and it is so much better than my s3 when comparing various tasks such as messaging or playing ingress. The s3 still works but it's become more and more sluggish as apps continue to update and require more from the phone. I'm pretty tech savvy and have been really good about keeping the phone clean and optimal but that only goes so far. Only reason I haven't upgraded already is because I'm on virgin mobile and if I'm paying full price for my phone I'd rather wait the few months for the s8 than buy an s7. 
If you think about it, how much has Touchwix changed in the past five generations of galaxy phones?
The updates are there specifically to fix what's broken. If you don't update you're leaving broken what's broken. 
This comment lack /s or am I missing sth?
Are they still being produced or is there still stock leftover from years ago?
Battery life, screen and camera I would say are the top 3. Battery more so on the s5.
That's the dumbest analogy I've heard in a while.  The gap between S3 and a modern flagship is staggering.  I understand not grabbing every new phone but don't sit there and lie to me saying all smart phones are the same
Retarded analogy
> 15.4gb of 16gbThat's probably a factor though.
Metal is also stupidly slippery. It's infuriating to have my premium material smartphone whatever confined in a rubber case because if not it'll kill itself.
The snapdragon 400 devices (L90, Moto G, etc) were surprisingly very good for their price.
Should've gone for Redmi 3.
Yup. My Moto G 2nd Gen is running Lineage OS 7.1.1 like a champ. Really makes it feel like a new device. Had some issues initially with some apps force closing but flashing the latest nightly fixed that. With this I can hold off upgrading for now (don't really have the funds to do so anyway).
What techie things are you doing that require the latest and greatest?
They do not use there phone at all is except talk and text because if they were using you for anything else they realize how shitty it would be, extremely poor battery life very poor gaming performance you're not going to be looking at videos for long on it... 
You're not a techie if you buy every new shiny thing you see. You're a techie if you know how to make the most of software and hardware. Very different things.
The majority of the US is not on CDMA. CDMA is the backbone for Sprint and Verizon, but LTE is a GSM technology. So, any LTE service is by definition GSM, whether Verizon, Sprint, AT&T, T-Mo, or likewise. You could feasibly use a GSM device on Verizon or Sprint, assuming they allowed it and the radio had the appropriate LTE band support, and you didn't care about 3G/1X fallback.That said the bigger issue with Xiaomi is the fact they don't currently sell in US, so getting one here is a process, and even on pure GSM carriers like AT&T & T-Mo they usually don't support all available bands.
> **the majority** of Americans who are on CDMA.[citation needed]
Well, I understand you can get free phones on contract renewal so that could be a viable alternative.
r/Xiaomi has a wiki section on where to purchase. I got mine on eBay and the seller already disappeared lol so I guess I got lucky.
Double check the cellular bands. Make sure you will get the full service that you are paying monthly for.
Xiaomi doesn't make phones for the US market at the moment. Take that into account when looking to buy a Xiaomi phone, especially with regard to network compatibility.
Check out /r/Chinaphones for reseller & phone reviews 
What the hell does that have to do with anything? If you haven't been able to save up 50 bucks over the course of the four or five years since the S3 was popular, then having a smartphone should be the least of your financial worries.
Plenty of mid range phones that are very affordable 
Why do that when you can wait 6 more months for note 9?
Or the Note 9
I'm going for the S12!
But he'll have a much much better screen, camera, and build quality. He'll also have a fingerprint sensor, water resistance, and probably better experience. I mean it could be day and night
you really are paying full price for the phone on most services these days, just most of them you pay monthly for two years. I like to just buy them used a couple months after they come out on swappa.
A lot actually.
what if nothing is broken
I upvoted kixpress because I have had bad experience assuming updates are ALWAYS a good thing. Sometimes, it does fix stuff and bring in new features that will help me. But other times, it removes features that I use a lot and doesn't give me an alternative. There are also times it just breaks the app. I mean seriously, why should I update if its going to make the app / phone more buggy and my life more miserable. Sometimes I feel that these developers don't even test the updates before pushing. So what I do is wait awhile and read the comments first. 
No, I am absolutely serious. You can even log in to your second account and downvote me again.Within last year I only updated my Ricoh Theta camera because they finally added self timer.I do not need bug fixes when bugs aren't present. Don't fix something that isn't broken.
Probably refurbished -- I expect there are still a lot of S4s and S5s being traded in that are still in pretty good condition and can be refurbished and resold pretty cheaply.
And don't forget lollipop on the s4. The s5 has marshmallow and the security updates and a crappy fingerprint scanner. 
If you are a 60-year-old woman who uses it only for calls, they all are the same. Not that I am. 
yeah and some toasters can do 6 slices at once. who cares
I'll push back a little. I handed down an HTC M7 to my sister. And I also handed down an iPhone 4 to my niece. Both still in use. Sure they're a little slower (not by much! In day to day uses like writing a message, or listening to music), but they're still competent smartphones in 2017 especially the M7.
You can still run Facebook and the like just fine on a laptop from 2006.
Fuck a flagship even Low-mid range phones completely destroy it in every aspect.
Smartphones are basically Swiss army knives at this point. They all have phone, texting, email, messaging, fb/social apps, cameras, and everything else are just extra tools but not necessary. The s3 has LTE so there's no compatibility reason to upgrade like there was from 3g smartphones. 
Well, they got a screen and buttons.. /s 
I said increasingly. And if you don't use the camera, and you realise mobile games are crap (although even the s3 can play any mainstream one just fine for the most part), then paying $440 for a OP3T or something just for 'smoothness' is hardly justifiable.
What? No way. 1080p screen, SD625 instead of an awful 2015 Qualcomm chip, 3GB of RAM, better build and more MIUI updates in the future, all for only a $30 difference. That wouldn't make sense at all.
The VR comes to my mind.
Let's be real here, talk and text isn't that much different than talk, text, and reddit - that thing can still load youtube videos and play music just fine.Lastly, battery life wouldn't be an issue because the battery is easily replaceable, it's not like they have to run off of a degraded 4 year old Li-ON cell.
So what you're saying is that you can't use Verizon or sprint without having cdma radios?
Nobody gets free phones in contract renewals because everyone's doing away with them. And they're not free phones if you're just subsidizing it.
maybe he just isn't very concerned with smartphones
[deleted]
But why? So people could save like 2 seconds every time Facebook loads up?
Why waste your money just 1 year before the Note X comes out?
Then there won't be a patch, will there? Just because you can't see it doesn't mean the hole isn't there.
Agreed, everyone is always so hellbent on having the latest anything without even reading the change logs. I laugh when people bitch and moan about apps losing features or not working the way it used to when its clearly noted what updates entail. That's why I never have my devices set to auto-update apps and, like you, just read online via comments/websites if an update is even worth it.I also was on a kitkat phone up until about 6months ago so I'm prob not the typical android user though
>You can even log in to your second account and downvote me again.Oh for fucks sakes.
Lol
If you are a 60 year old women then this discussion is no longer applicableThis is an aweful point that you're trying to make. Basically, people against flagships only want a certainly level of functionality and simply cannot see why a flagship phone  would be more useful to someone and that's fine but arguing that all phones are 99% the same?  You might as well say gaming PC's are useless because Facebook runs on all Windows machine anyway
>some toasters can do 6 slices at onceThat's pretty fucking awesome and now I know what kind of toaster I'm going to upgrade to.
As someone who uses their phone to download files, open/create PDFs, wifi tether, take hi res photos, multitask, play YouTube videos, etc simultaneously for work/personal use.  I will drop they extra couple hundred for a flagship here and there.Ps-This I also got my Google Pixel from Verizon for $400 so honestly, all of these petty arguments against flagships are pointless.  You can get new phones for cheap with a new 2 year
In that case you would LOVE the HTC 10, same feel and design somewhat haha.I even have the same color of the M7 I had, the silver back 
My wife, son, and best friend are running the M7.  They all love 'em.I don't understand why those are still snappy and quick while my S4 became stuttery and slow.  Maybe my use is more demanding?  I dunno...
I've had to use a Celeron 1.5Ghz processor laptop for work and I can assure you the cost of wasting my time fucking with that outdated laptop FAR exceeds the cost of a new i7 in terms of how much time I waste using outdated tech that still worksSeriously people, cut the shit out.  Just admit It works for my needs but don't spew bold lies about how they do the same things. They do most of the same things at a significantly slower rate
You're so full of shit it borderline sad
Hey, data can still be sent over an RS-232 cord so why the fuck are people using USB.  I just don't understand
Hardly justifiable?  There is an insanely large market where people will pay for fluid, minimal lag devices. You might as well attack car enthusiasts or anyone that doesn't drive a junker because a new car is hardly justifiable.  You're argument only works for people moving from an iPhone 6 to a 6s not for Galaxy S3 users moving to an S7.  Just stop 
Mobile VR is still extremely niche.It's in the weird gray area between daily-usable 'real' VR setups and the casual option - which is just not using VR at all.
That's it? Almost 5 years since the S3 came out and that's all the techie things?
No, you can (technically) use Verizon and Sprint without CDMA radios, you just have to have LTE radios that support their bands and not use the 3G/1X fallback.That said, both carriers control devices on their network via IMEI, so you would have to get them to allow it first, anyways.
That's the technology that Verizon and Sprint use to operate their networks. If your phone does not have a CDMA radio in it, then it will not be able to connect to either network.
Galaxy s3 came out 5 years ago. If you saved a quarter a day since you could buy plenty of flagship phones. You can afford what you budget for. Definitely within reach
No, really. You can have a decent phone for little money nowadays.
Well, he's not wrong. Speaking from experience as a relatively poor person, the OP3 was a godsend. I don't feel like I'm missing out on much.
Mid range phones today have insanely better battery, camera, charging speed, displays, etc. Things that even normal people would notice every time they use their phone.
I like the use of the Roman numeral in that one, although I wonder if Moto would go after them for it. 
Tell that to apps like YouTube and Facebook Messenger. No, I don't want sharing videos, a scrubbing bar that can be activated by touching anywhere near the title of the video, and autoplay/fast forward buttons. No, I don't want Messenger Day or recent/suggested contacts that splits my chat screen into two. It seems a lot of the apps I update always add more features I don't want, maybe some bugs, and overall make me dislike using it. Like GBoard, I don't need or want the Google button and it fucked up my auto correct so bad it barely corrects anything now. Even after the update that was supposed to fix it. My Moto E on Google Keyboard is fine though, in fact it's even faster than GBoard. Let's scale up a bit. Take Lollipop for example. On my OnePlus One on CM11S based on KitKat, it performed very well. I was hitting 6 - 7 hours SoT daily. Then I was forced to update Lollipop, never goes above 4 now. Not to mention Lollipop was just buggy as fuck, especially with the mobile radio drain that never really for s fix. 
I am talking about average joes and old people. They don't care about if it has android 4.4 or 7.1. They just want a phone to make calls. In that case all of them are the same. Even nokia 3310 would do the job.
I totally love the HTC 10. Especially the DAC on it. Someone posted a while back about companies retaining a successful design and just updating the internals. I wish that were the case. The M7 was and is - in my opinion - the most beautiful phone ever made. The HTC 10 is also a stunner.
Also oneplus 3/3T look/feel like htc's from the m7/8 period.
2013 Touchwiz Is the worst Touchwiz 
I think they were agreeing with you. 
Lol. But I used a S3, a moto g before the Nexus 6P, and my phone usage really hasn't changed, only little things about the experience. 
https://www.reddit.com/r/ToasterRights/comments/5pxxbs/toasters_are_getting_strongerEnjoy your toaster.P.S. *You're* the one who attacked someone for *not* wanting to upgrade. Like attacking someone for using a perfectly functional car because they should just buy a new one with seat warmers and an ai system.
His argument works for a s4 and a 3t tho. The difference between opening whatsapp was less than a second, both on 7.1
You have to have CDMA to activate it. You'll get LTE and that's it. No phone calls or text.
Sprint still uses CDMA for voice calls.Verizon has VoLTE, but there are virtually no unlocked phones that support Verizon's VoLTE.
This seems like common sense but people don't do this. There is a reason on contract phones were so popular. 
Relatively poor but has a smartwatch 
TIL Motorola owns Roman numerals
Yes, it's really horrible that you're forced to use these optional features of free products.As for Android, have fun using an outdated, vulnerable non-supported OS. I'm sure it will end well. Do you also not vaccinate your kids?
The 10 is also focused on some more subtle things that really make it better overall, things like 4G battery use barely draining more than Wifi, touch response etc. It is absolutely lightning fast.
I'll be damned if I can figure out why they did away with the front-facing speakers.
You would be correct.
When did I attack someone for  not upgrading
That doesn't mean much of anything though, when you can use VOIP services.
Ah yes, true. You can also use VOIP - I've used VOIP for many years across various carriers (only using carriers as a data pipe) which has cause me to forgot about the nuances of the actual voice world, as it matters nothing.
He wasn't arguing that people don't have common sense, he was arguing that they could have easily saved for a new phone in the time span.
So popular that almost 0 carriers offer them due to the popularity of device payment? Contracts were popular because they were the only thing that was offered at the time.
Poor people generally stay poor for a reason. 
Well little boy, in America we have things called copyright and trademark laws. This is what kept Elon from naming his next car the Type E and he switched to Type 3, because Jaguar already has the E Type. Just like this, giving another phone the same exact name as a major competitors phone would be questionable by law. Chinese Italian food is probably disgusting btw.  
Wasn't aware the mobile radio drain was a feature Wasn't aware I could disable the recent contacts of FBM or the sharing section of YouTube 
I don't know, but at least we got a big jump in actual sound quality, I am not an audiophile but I did some testing for myself via headphone jack. It's quite good. It's not always about loudness and I don't think this criticism is enough to invalidate it's audio at all. 
That means a lot when you can only use your phone will data. Right now I couldn't use my near my house because it's all H+.
I forgot the /s but my sarcasm led to a genuine TIL. Thanks for that interesting fact! Edit: about the tesla I mean 
Ford actually trademarked Model E... Jaguar wasn't the issue, at least wasn't the main one.
http://i.imgur.com/sIUKGF5.jpgHere is a pic. My dash isn't nearly as dirty as it looks, but I feel all icky now.
Cannot wait for Waze on Android Auto. I will use it even though Waze still looks pretty out of date design-wise to me. For now I'm using Google Maps with an overlay for speed limits from Velociraptor.
Waze maybe sums up Android Auto since release
I noticed this yesterday after an update. Unfortunately I couldn't select Waze either, but I think this means Waze support is imminent.
I think techcrunch or Android police posted an article with the same thought. Yay!
I checked Android Auto earlier today, turns out you can actually type into GMaps and actually look at your previous searches.Really useful
Haven't gotten an update for it yet. Tried grabbing the apk from apkmirror but it wouldn't install.
I need to figure out my waze log in issues before it's enabled for AA. I can't get it to log in using a username/password.
What are your favorite features from Waze? I have never used it. 
Is Velcoiraptor different from the speed limits built into Maps?
You probably downloaded the wrong one. There are 4 files for the 2.1 and each is a different architecture
Police alerts! 
I had speed limits for one day months ago. Haven't seen it since.
Thanks I'll give it another go. Is visible changes/fixes or is more likely gearing up for Waze?
Yea that makes sense.  When traveling in Ohio I was shocked at the amount of speed traps out there. They even had these traps where they would have their lights on and you are supposed to move out of the slow lane. I live in San Diego. Highway patrol are few and far between .  And when I do see them I  pass them doing 75 in a 65.  We have some speed traps but they are so obvious and our freeways barely have shoulders lol. Any other good features?m over google maps?
Get a radar detector then 
strange, I see them everywhere. Maybe its regional?
Probably mostly behind the scenes stuff. I do see the jump to letter button in more places now too
I like that mid-trip you can search for alternative routes in Waze and it shows the time differences for each route. As far as I know gmaps doesn't offer that.
No thanks. I'd get a radar jammer before a detector but I still believe that Waze's social cop reporting is ideal. I just hire a traffic lawyer now if I get speeding tickets but not having to deal with that would be nice.
What does this app do
Nougat already has this same feature [built in](http://www.androidpolice.com/2016/05/18/android-n-includes-tweak-of-recent-apps-ui-with-clear-all-button-at-top-only-7-apps-included-in-switcher-and-quick-switch-shortcut/).I'm sure Recently let's you fine tune it more, but the stock behavior does a good job of clearing old apps out of the recents menu.
[Play Store Link](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=eu.chainfire.recently)
This has been pretty much the only app I miss after switching to a phone that I can't root. 
this app is mandatory once you've tried it. hard to believe google doesn't have multitasking garbage collection built in
I used to use this app back then in lollipop with my xperia Z3 but then I switched to a Nexus 6p with nougat and Android takes care of it by its own. It's doing the same Recently used to do for me.Edit: by the way my phone's not rooted and as far as I know I haven't enabled anything hidden in the OS
If he could do the same for SUHide, I would be so happy.
It basically changes the recents menu (square button) to only show a set number of apps or only apps that are running. 
It has on Nougat 
Just use Magisk
Will it get rid of every Google search I've ever made being in the recents menu? Should I even care about those? I periodically swipe them all away and reboot my phone but I'm not sure how big a difference it makes. Edit: Skype - > swipe 
But far from all people running Nougat yet. I'm on MM and I greatly appreciate it. 
I remember there's an option to keep or remove the Google searches.
In terms of performance? Not much if at all. Android handles it's memory pretty well, and everything in the recents screen isn't in memory. It's more like a history of apps you've had open.
> Will it get rid of every Google search I've ever made being in the recents menu?for the most part those don't even exist. they're a picture and a line of text
settings > accounts and privacy > open web pages in appchrome custom tabs a shit
Yeah. The first 7.1 ROM was able to boot on my phone just last week. But the device tree needs a lot of work. Nothing works right now. I'll be sticking with mm for a while.
Thank you for linking to the actual tweet instead of a horribly written blog post on a garbage Android fan site.
I'll wait for the Galaxy Blaze S8S++ Pro 5G
Can't wait for the S8- Flat.
S-pen PLEASE. If it includes it, I will absolutely buy one right away. 
I bet their defense argument is that it's *+* and not *plus*
I wonder if this will be the new Note. 
So i wonder if the edge has become S8+. If so then fine. If not then we are looking at S8+ edge being a thing. 
Am I the only one was not happy that all the phones have curved screens? None of the screen protectors do a good job of protecting the curved screen. 
Isn't that the same font Google is now?
My God that profile pic. 
Hmm... The 9+ should be a better phone
Waiting will be long until April !
I was so hoping it would be named the S8n.
CURRENT_FLAGSHIP+1
Hoping the plus version offer more than just a bigger screen and battery
 I'm super stoked for the Galaxy S8N!
Maybe they should call it the Galaxy S8-an
I wouldn't say this is confirmed by any means. I could make something like this in Photoshop in about 4 minutes. 
As long as the dorky plus doesn't stand for We tossed out even more stuff that used to make Samsung phones awesome, just so our new phone could be an even bigger iPhone clone, I'm good.
OnePlus is pissed
Yes that will be with the S-Pen holder in it.
It was the note 8 is confirmed to have edge screens.
So i wonder if this will be with the Note 8 in the day.
So i wonder if this will be smaller, yet fit a bigger screen.
No shit, what else would they go with? 
Does the S before the number stand for something other than Samsung? If not, Samsung Galaxy S(insert number) seems redundant..
[deleted]
Unless they're trolling us 
All i want is a larger battery. Stop making phones smaller
The phone will be long until April ! Yes that will be long until April ! Yes that will be long until April ! Yes that will be smaller, yet fit a bigger screen.
Boom+
[deleted]
Would have been better if it was buried deep in a 10 minute long YouTube video. 2/10.
dont you like the typical indian youtuber who also has a crap blog with a name that includes words like Android, Droid, Tablet Reviews
Like tech beard or techno walrus or buffalo.Can't stand d those lame rumor mill speculation selling sites.
[deleted]
*flashesback to 2011 naming patterns*
What would you prefer they call an improved version of the base model?
Turbo Championship Edition
You left out skyrocket and various other names they added on to the phones. 
The Galaxy Fate and the Furious
* Galaxy Blaze S8S++ Pro 5G by Verizon XLTE+++
All evidences/leaks point towards only curved variants. No love for flat variants. 
I can't stand the edge screens. it is so gimmicky it's crazy. I really wish they offered I flat version...
Likewise, though unlikely it's gonna have a dedicated slot for it 
I just want the Note 8 to not have a curved screen. Or the Pixel to have a stylus.
Yes that will be with the Note 8 in the fall.
This will make or break my decision
same. I would defiantly buy the bigger model in a heart beat, if not i be buying the normal
I don't understand you people. WTF are you gonna do with that useless stylus ??
Ass Pen?  Seriously?
There was an S6 Edge+ so they've done it before. 
samsung has had the + on their phones for years.... The s2+ the s5+ the s6+ 
Defense of what?
It's pretty shameless. If Google could use XL for the Pixel line, Samsung could try and not copy Apple's naming conventions.
Both the S8 and S8+ are going to have edge screens.
Yeah but so does the normal S8.. both are with edged corners 
i believe they are going ditch that edge name and use edge as a standard 
i think thats the only thing i dislike about the curve screens. 
[deleted]
They used the same font for Galaxy S6 & S7 packaging...
Google's logo is Product sans. 
It's glorious 
They'll skip to 10
I would also like to see a new Huawei M8...
I could make it in three fitty.
It stands for [Super Smart](http://www.phonearena.com/news/Do-you-know-what-the-S-in-Samsungs-Galaxy-S-line-stands-for-The-answer-is-super-cheesy_id68716) 
It originally stood for **S**uperAMOLED, because the Galaxy S1 was the phone where they introduced that type of screen. 
It was the note 7 that blew up, the s7 is perfectly fine.
You want them to throw away a global brand name, built up over almost a decade to the point most people speak of 'iPhones and Galaxies'  when it comes to smartphones these days because of one device proving defective?  Ridiculous.
Why would leftover note 7 batteries that was being tested stop them making anymore phones?
[Relevant](https://www.youtube.com/shared?ci=ZMkAyMhu8-o)
Hello Unbox Therapy, is that you?
What do you have against Droid Android Review Tablets with Dinesh?
Love AP. Most of the others are trash.
AP has been making consistently quality and original content for years. This circlejerk is stupid and pointless.
Nope just electric sheep
WTF is wrong with AP? What's wrong with you?
I though this was a funny joke...
/r/androidcirclejerk
Wasn't the sprint s2 names the epic 4g touch?
And you know who saved us from those horrible crazy naming schemes? Qualcomm.
I still have my Samsung Galaxy SII Skyrocket 4G AT&T whateverthehell in a drawer somewhere. 
>Vietnam flashbacks to 2011FTFY!
Gooder.
Galaxy S8 Bigly
Galaxy S8 Xtreme Turbo HD edition
Phone of the Year Edition
I've never understood the want for curved displays. Is there anything more to it than smaller/less visible bezels? 
N7 did it perfectly. There was almost no gimmick. The edged screen was very subtle compared to shit which is S7Edge
I'd like to see an LED case with the S-Pen holder in it.
This, if there is no slot for it then it's pointless to even add the feature.  That thing will be lost in a instant 
True. There's also the curved glass. Damn, why can't they just release a Note 8 variant = / 
Same. Is the note 8 is confirmed to have an edged screen not sure what phone I'll get next. 
take notes. lol, jk. Draw penises on all my friend's pictures. 
Personally I use it for navigating smaller controls and buttons when surfing websites in desktop view. 
Unexpected True Detective
Aspen? The whole town?
There was a galaxy s1+ back in the day
Apple suing them, probably. 
copy who??????? Samsung has been using the the + name for years.  Delusional sheep i tell you..... Wake up  
The first Galaxy S had a plus variant. Which was a long time before Apple's 6+
Guess I won't be buying them then. Those curved edges are awful - there's nowhere for a case to grip properly, it continues the pattern of using way too much unnecessary fragile glass, and my experience is that accidental touch algorithms don't actually work that well.
Good, the edge is great
nope, it is not that scratch resistant, it is mostly shatter resistant
Says the guy browsing /r/Android, who knows better! Take a poll of likely consumers and I'm betting that viewpoint takes a bit of a shift.
[deleted]
Seriously. AP has shown themselves to be the only Android news blog that takes itself seriously. They consistently produce new, useful,substantiatedcontent. I don't see many other android journalists (or even other journalists in other fields) do as fantastic of a job as you guys do.The APK teardowns, fantastic sources of information. Don't see others doing this. You don't just post Oh boy i think this is happening rumor rumor rumor. You go through the code line by line to see what it could mean. That's dedication.Every week, the x apps of the week. Awesome! What a great way to find apps. Original reviews, insightful and honest opinions, I love it!All other general news. Always original content. Rarely do I see recycled this rumor happened and this is coming out like I do from literally every other blog.Getting to know Android x.x.x. Perfect. Probably my favorite recurring thing on any blog ever.Basically, what I'm trying to say, is thank you so much for putting outactual content.Thank you for not trying to get pageviews from hot titles and latest rumors! Thank you for trying to get pageviews from writing solid articles and putting thought into almost every post.Seriously, I love you guys. I hope you can tell from all the upvotes and how many of your stories hit the front page! But even still, I wanted to let you know how absolutely grateful I am (and we all are)! Stick around, and keep up the fantastic work! We don't take it for granted, even if it might seem like it sometimes!tl,dr: I LOVE YOU ANDROID POLICE! THANK YOU FOR EVERYTHING! ALSO FUCK iVERGE<3
What I love most about AP is that whenever new android version comes they make sure that every feature has its separate blog :)
Real talk though, how's the Redmi Prime? Been eyeing it up for my dad but not sure a out battery life and any custom ROMs or just AOSP. 
Seriously, pretty common humor on this site. Obviously ruffled some feathers.
Yea I think the full name was the Sprint Samsung Galaxy S II Epic 4G Touch or something else equally ridiculous 
Really? How so?
Championship Edition
Everyone I know including me who bought the s7 edge bought it for the larger battery despite not liking the edge. Samsung might just be getting the wrong idea.
The phone will be smaller, yet fit a bigger screen. The note 7 is a large phone, but it gripped better in the hand than other phones imo. It had better one hand ability. 
It's looks cool as fuck and feels great in your hand 
Better have beige fans too.
I'm sure there'd be dozens of case manufacturers that would make a case with an s-pen slot. Easy problem to solve.
Probably will in august !
What's wrong with the curved screen?  It was great on the Note 7. 
Sure I guess that makes sense. Personally I don't turn on desktop view to often on my phone, but when I do I just zoom in on whatever I want to click on.
I don't know Llyod, the French are real assholes. 
Really? Hadn't heard of it
That would be hard, since they've used the plus designation on and off for the better part of a decade. 
[removed]
Did Samsung have a phone with a plus name that meant bigger before Apple?
But at that time, the plus meant that the phone had a higher clock speed, not at bigger size as it does today.
The Note 7 had a slight curved edge to the screen that wasn't overbearing at all.  Theyre going to be doing a similar design choice for the S8 models.  I agree though the S6 edge and S7 edge screens were a bit much. 
may i ask why you would even consider to buy one (even if there wouldn't be any edge screens) when you already have a quite new smartphone (Pixel with 128GB)? 
What's the point of the edge thing, anyway? 
Looks like you experienced the horror of the 2015 edge series phones. The S7 Edge has a much better design. More room for cases to make the phone protective and less phantom touches. 
It's a smaller edge than before
Just put a bumper case on and enjoy the lack of bezels
i am sure it won't stop any company every using batteries...
This copypasta never stops being hilarious.
There it is.
But but but, they're just farming clicks! How dare they try to run a successful Android based news blog
I made a very throughout review a couple of months ago and nothing has changed. You could check my submission history, it shouldn't be too far below, or check Damir Frank's review on YouTube since he basically is a better version of my opinion.In broad strokes, hardware is on par with phones that triple its price, battery is amazing and MIUI definitely needs an open mind if you're coming from years of AOSP but it's perfectly liveable. ROMs should come eventually but I wouldn't hope to get any stable build soon. Overall a great phone for stupid cheap, I could've paid three times what I paid and still be happy with it.
Lol. I remember reading a review for that back in the day. What the hell is this was my reaction more or less
I remember that was the top of the line Sprint phone until Galaxy Nexus. Good times.
Despite the name I loved that phone
He must be being sarcastic because before 800 series, Qualcomm also had ridiculous naming scheme for their chips like MSM5350 etc.
How do you like it after getting it? Do you get used to it, because my two main concerns are the increased risk of smashing the screen and reflections along the edge. Are these genuine concerns, or just me being stupid? A lot of people say they too thought the edge was a gimmick at first, but it turns out to be great 
Personally, I would rather have a flat phone with a smaller screen. I understand why other people would want an edge, but I'd be very disappointed if Samsung only make edge versions as leaks are suggesting.
First we needed RGB keyboards. Now we have RGB RAM and PSUs. Is the future of RGB phone cases? I think so.
i am sure they would be happy to do so but do you really want a case that is wider than the phone itself? The note 7 can commodate an s pen and has for years, there is no reason why they can't design the  + model to do so also. It would just be a note under the s galaxy name basically. Obviously, the normal model might be pushing it if they attempted to put an s pen in it and wouldn't be very feasible.
Personal preference. 
Loosing the stylus wouldn't be a dealbreaker for me, though. Primarily I expect the Note to have a large AMOLED display with a high resolution. The pen is just a nice to have accessory.
It was just a higher clocked GS1. Not bigger or anything
yup they scaled the edges and make it much smoother with the note 7, They are perfecting the right degree 
Because I don't like the direction smartphones are going - every year the models seem to be less and less practical for real world use, designed mainly to appeal to some form-over-function marketing crap.It's been getting nearly impossible to find a decent android smartphone anymore. Most of them are way too big for effective one handed use, and they're increasingly using impractical materials like glass and shitty designs that are awkward to actually hold and use.You can find smaller models with decent design, but they're usually marketed as budget models, cutting major corners on basics like camera or storage.
A comfortable grip. They've had 3 years to come up with a practical use for the edge and they haven't. For me, I just enjoy the bezeless look, and the curved face is comfortable and good looking. Palm rejection software was great on the Note 7, so I doubt accidental touches will be an issue anymore. 
It's still an anti-feature that shouldn't be there at all. 
How dare they explain dozens of times that this gives every feature a spotlight to be discussed instead of drowning on each other?
Never forget Galaxy Nexus Android Ice Cream Sandwich Guinea Pig.
I'm actually not being sarcastic. In the old days phone manufacturers would be using a wide variety of different chips on their phones because of modem compatibility issues between different carriers and networks. But then soon Qualcomm was able to make one-size fits all CPUs with modems that work on all carriers, so phone devs wouldn't have to use many different chips, and hence, many different names.
I love the edge screen, not for the features but for how it feels in the hand. I now scroll through webpages by running my thumb up and down the edge of the phone, it feels really comfortable. The lack of side bezels around the display when viewed straight on looks insanely good too.With most android menus sliding in from the side too it feels great to swipe across the curve to bring it in, or to swipe a notification away.The only edge functions I use are the quick contacts list and the apps edge for commonly used apps that I don't want on my homescreen. It's become second nature to me at this point and I doubt I could go back to a phone without the curve. If the Pixel 2 would have a similar setup I'd be delighted.
My screen is currently smashed after a drop from waist height after a month of having the phone. There's a white line going down the left edge because of that so the left edge isn't visible anyway. Before the white line though, because of the glare I couldn't tell which comments were the top and which were the replies in my favorite reddit app bacon reader. It really is a gimmick for me. I want a flat screen and removable battery back. Though being waterproof has proved to be nice.
The reflections genuinely annoyed me
there is a Moto mod RGB case
I just don't think it is likely for Samsung to give the S8+ a pen slot since that's one of their main selling points of the Note line. Especially since the S8 has had so many leaks at this point. We basically know every feature about it and there hasn't been any rumors of it having a built-in pen slot. So the only way we will get a pen slot is from case manufacturers. Basically, they could design a pen slot, but they won't.
Back of the phone, opening near the bottom but the compartment is shaped to look like a retro cell antenna.
Some years ago it was quite common for Samsung to name higher clocked phones plus and cheaper versions lite. **Galaxy Core series** = Galaxy Core, Galaxy Core Plus, Galaxy Core Prime, Galaxy Core Advanced, Galaxy Core Lite**Galaxy Grand series** = Galaxy Grand, Galaxy Grand Prime, Galaxy Grand Prime Plus, Galaxy Grand Prime Duos TV, Galaxy Grand Neo, Galaxy Grand Win,  Galaxy Grand Max
Yeah, if they keep improving it they will come back to a flat screen again. Of course, not before every other competitor is using curved displays as well and the whole thing stops making sense as a differentiation point.
iPhones may have what you need 
so does it mean you are unhappy with your Pixel? (if you would be happy, you wouldn't want to replace a nearly 900$ smartphone after a few months)It's one thing to be unhappy with the market and another thing to be unhappy with one of the most expensive top-smartphones on the market. So the question is why do you want to replace your Pixel (it's definitely not a perfect phone, but i would at least keep it for 1,5 - 2 years if you already paid so much money for it)
Not everyone agrees with that, but I'd at least like the option of the regular one.
> I now scroll through webpages by running my thumb up and down the edge of the phone, it feels really comfortable.That sounds pleasant.
>I now scroll through webpages by running my thumb up and down the edge of the phone, it feels really comfortable. Hmmmm, I just tried this and you're right......It's quite nice.I still think I'd prefer a flat screen with a case that offers more protection but the edge does look really nice.
Dont forgot how awesome the camera controls are on that edge
you're right it's not very unlikely however with the note 7 being taken out of commission there is a that wants one. 
oh get out of here with that retro antenna bullshit lol 
nah, i think they are going to keep it going until foldable screens start to become a thing. I played with the note 7 in stores and like where the edges were and hope they keep it around that same degrees. I didn't like them on the s6 because they were too sharp but i think they got it down with the note 7.There is tons of rumours that apple is joining the club with curved screens and wouldn't be too shocking since Samsung is making their screens for the next 3 years. 
Tried that already, iOS is so far behind Android on UI and notifications it's pretty much a deal breaker.
Congrats! Glad the hard work is paying off.
Congrats! It's a sleep app.Any plans to make it actually sync up with Google Tasks?
Thanks!
Thanks. I have had a few people ask me this recently. I'm looking into it but I don't fully understand Google Tasks. What are all the advantages? Just being able to see tasks on a Google Account?
Thanks. I have had a few people ask me this recently. I'm looking into it but I don't fully understand Google Tasks. What are all the advantages? Just being able to see tasks on a Google Account?
Yeah, if you're on your Google calendar all the tasks show up on the sidebar and within the calendar. Check out the third party Android app GTasks, they do a good job with it.
OK. I don't think that would be necessary with my app since the tasks don't have dates attached to them.
You can add tasks without dates and have them sit in Google tasks as well. Just a suggestion is all! Cheers!
For the lazy ones:Roland Quandt (twitter): >*Looks like Moto G5 will launch at much lower prices than G4 in Euroland: 2/16GB for ~189 Euro, 3/16GB for ~209 Euro. (was 249 for G4)*  Edit: Erm, I think, I offended some lazy guys. Downvotes are here.  Edit 2: I don't why, but someone is mass-downvoting me on this thread. Every comment I'm making in this thread, I get a downvote for free. 
G4 and G4 Plus were expensive for their range. Hopefully this time they are more realistic in their pricing. G5 Plus should not be higher than 250.
Hope it doesn't overheat and have phantom touches like the G4.
some people are talking about it haveing a SD430, others a SD625, and theres some rumors of a SD640 (which is unlisted). maybe they will take the xiaomi path with the normal G5 having a 430 and the plus having a 625. 
That is impressive pricing.
After my experience with Motorola not updating phones I wouldn't recommend them to anyone anymore.
Well, Don't kill me but I think the Beautiful Moto design died when 4th Generation of G series phones was launched. Just look at the G3 and then take a look at G4. Now, G5 seems to be uglier. Ah! Lenovo really ruined Moto :(I hope that the G5 and G5 Plus will be priced lower than G4 and G4 Plus as they were somewhat overpriced for the specs they offered. 
I just bought an x pure for $250. How does this compare?
Interested in the plus version, hope it is 4/32gb
I've lost faith in Moto after the Lenovorola buy. Loved the crap out of my Moto G 2014, so thought it was a pretty safe bet for the Moto G4+. The amount of problems the phone's given me, from Nougat half a year late to phantom touches and overheating. Pity, they were an incredible company under Google.
[deleted]
I think, the popular tipster has made a mistake here. 2nd variant must be 2/32 (like in case of G4) or 3/32.  16GB as minimum in 2017 doesn't seem to be right.  Also, keep in mind, these are G5 pricings, not G5 *Plus*'. 
189euro retail is around $175. Retail euro pricing always has vat and we are almost 1:1 now. 
The Moto G line of phones that is still what I recommend to my non techy friends. And it's going to stay this way until Huawei/Honor makes some serious changes to their software.
Really? I thought the G4 was an pretty fair price. (It could quite easily be found for 150 from my searches)
Thought that was just me, didn't know it was a known issue.
I thought I read it would use the 625? Should be a huge step up.
That's NOT just me? Oh man this is driving me **nuts**. I've just sent it in for repairs :(
Is it? The Moto G 3rd Gen 16gb/2gb cost 200 a year ago. The main difference is an updated GPU architecture and the bump from 720p to 1080p.
Must be even cheaper in non-European countries. AFAIK, most of the devices tend to be priced higher in Europe due to some reasons.  
Is there a better option in this price range? Because I dont really know a better one, with stock android? And most people, who ask me about a recommendation really dont care about updates.  
Agreed. Moto doesn't support their hardware.
Moto G series usually get atleast 1 major update. So I can see them launching with 7.0 and getting atleast 8.0 by next year.
You can expect similar performance with much better battery life but a smaller screen.
My 16GB G4+ has an extra 64 GB that acts as native storage. If anything, people shouldn't buy phones without SD slots. I prefer choice to overpriced built in storage.
Not a big deal if you have a microSD slot
>16GB as minimum in 2017 doesn't seem to be rightWhile I hope that's true, you still can't buy the 32GB Moto G4 in some countries, so I wouldn't be surprised if this happens again with the Moto G5.
As long as it has a MicroSD card slot, it should be fine.
>The Moto G line of phones that is still what I recommend to my non techy friends. And it's going to stay this way until Huawei/Honor makes some serious changes to their software. Non-techy people hardly give any shit to software. But my non-techy friends hate Moto phones, because they say they can't apply themes in it. They would prefer Huawei more, because it is colorful and have a theme engine.
Looking like honor is heading in the right direction. Emui 5 is really great.
What's your opinion on the honor 6x? I think moto has to come up with very good specs this time. 
They did make some serious changes to their software. EMUI 5 is one of the best non-stock software I've ever used.
Phantom touch issue goes back to Moto G3.
Sadly these issues go back to the Moto G2, I don't know if its bad engineering, poorly sourced parts, or just negligent quality control.
You forgot to mention SD625 based on 14nm architecture. Battery life must be better than G3. There's also possibility for better camera.
I don't know about better options, but the fact that it hasn't received a *security patch* since December 2015 is crazy, considering the G3 was released in 2015. I don't know if the situation has improved since then, but Motorola's handling of updates for the G3 (and other similar phones) doesn't instill any trust in me.
That's cool. I needed a quad band phone so the pure worked for me, but it's nice they are pushing prices down.
Yes it is still a problem. My phone has a microSD slot, and adoptable storage just is not as fast, even with high end SD cards. 
The problem is not necessarily quality, but the fact that Emotion UI differs a lot from the other skins they are used to. For example, they are used to having an app drawer.
Good, but too early I think. I would have preferred them to release it a bit later with Nougat. For people who know how to set up a new launcher like Nova or Action 3, it's definitely one of the best options.Other people will either have to get used to the UI or wait for the Moto G for a more normal experience.
G3 owner, the phantom touches are annoying as hell. It's especially bad when charging. I'll be tapping the display and it'll kick me out of the app for no good reason. It's especially nightmarish while using Tinder, I've accidentally swiped right due to that more often than I want to admit.
It is not the G5 Plus, the G5 has a SD430 that is still on 28nm, the main difference is the new GPU architecture. Even the GPU performance should be similar considering the increased resolution (twice the pixel twice the power of the gpu).
Yes and thats the thing...They can do this kind of stuff, because they dont really have competition at this price point...So I really hope they get some, so they finally step their game up again.And my G3 has 1.10.2016 under android-securitypatch-level. 
>  it hasn't received a security patch since December 2015 is crazyI just updated my mom's Moto G3 and it's on the January 2017 security patch. It got the security patches for July and Oct 2016 before this, so it seems to be getting updates roughly every 3 months, though it won't be getting Nougat. My dad's Moto G4 got Nougat in December, before my OP3. So they seem to be doing fairly well compared to most other phones in this range.
Do you have 4k movies on your card? I have never had any problems with read speeds.
Well, EMUI 5 do have a drawer now.Also, notification shade is pretty close to stock Nougat now.  
Also EMUI is fairly iOS like (moving closer to stock android) and your average Joe knows how to use iOS but some people view android as confusing.
There was only one leak which said, G5 will have SD430. But IMO, G5 will include the same chip as G5 Plus. Also, there are high chances that leak might be G5 Play (just like, there was a G4 Play), but was falsely labelled as G5. But definitely, not G5. G5 will have SD625, just like G4 has SD617 same as the Plus version.    Edit: Got downvotes, but I'm pretty sure, I'm telling the right thing. :) 
I'd imagine it's also because they laid off a lot of their hardware and software team. So we don't really know who's doing the updates now. 
Where are you? I'm in the US with a stock unrooted G3 that I bought straight from Motorola, and it's not offering any updates.
I'm in the US, it's stock unrooted, straight from Motorola. Says it's the latest version available.
Is the drawer on by default? That would be one big step forward.
You do have to manually enable it thought but it's a nice addition
I'm from Germany. There are more Huawei phones than actual iPhones here.
>  G5 will have SD625.I don't think so. Can you link me a source for the SD625 claims? I can find lots of claims for the SD430 and gsmarea apparently thinks the SD430 is the most trustworthy leak.
In Germany, but also stock unrooted
yea it's strange why they don't provide the same updates across the globe. I can understand for carrier locked versions (still not excusable) but for unlocked versions,it can't be that difficult to roll out the same updates everywhere.
~~Yes, I think.~~ ~~Wait. I have to confirm this.~~ Nope, it's off by default. :/  
Umm, no source. But G4 did include SD617. They wouldn't downgrade it to SD430 in successor G5. G4 & G4 Plus had same SoCs i.e. SD617. G5 & G5 Plus will follow the same suite - both will have SD625. In addition to G4/G4Plus, there was a G4 Play as well, having lower specs and price. That SD430 you're talking about in G5, will most likely be included in G5 Play, not regular G5. 
\\\_()_/ I mean, it still hasn't been 2 years since the G3 came out, and it seems US G3s are out of luck. I was hoping for 7.0 when I bought it (late 2015), but nope. I understand that there aren't that many good phones at the $200 price range, but with the frustrations I've had with the phone (apart from updates, it just randomly hangs with very little running and loses signal at random times) I wish I had coughed up $100 more and waited for the Nexus 5X instead.
> They wouldn't downgrade it to SD430 in successor G5.They did also downgrade the price.
It could be that they are getting rid of the Play and making G5 the base modelG5: SD430G5+: SD625makes sense, since the G4 and G4+ were too similar
>They did also downgrade the price. There's difference between downgrading price and downgrading the specs. You can see the chances of happening former is more than latter. There might be numerous cases of a successor being cheaper than predecessor, but hardly any cases of successor having inferior SoC. 
>  hardy any cases of successor having inferior SoC.One S had a big downgrade and they did not even change the name. I don't think the G5 will have a SD625, they positioned the device in a segment that fits gen 1-3 and not 4.
Too heavy and bloated. Stopped using it completely after Duo came out. 
Discord is better
When I last used it, it was awful
Piece of crap, but have to use it due to lack of alternative cross-platform PC-based video calls with screen sharing feature. 
Despite it's shortcomings, Hangouts is good I never considered Skype. My coworkers and I just started testing Ring.cx at work for non-confidential calls and messaging. https://ring.cx/
works fine on PC, steaming piece of shit on mobile. takes ages to open, often fails to show notifications if it's not in the foreground, when it does show notifications the sound is stupidly quiet and there's no way to adjust or change it
I use skype everyday without any problems. I really appreciate the feature that enables the app to switch to a small window in the corner of your screen when you minimize the app
I use Skype all the time because that's what my clients use. Nobody have I ever seen use hangouts professionally especially when it comes to corporate people lol.I wish I could avoid it because of its abysmal connection quality its bad even on fiber but I can't avoid it. 
Kill it with fire
Very disappointing. It runs like crap, and even getting connected to another person is difficult enough. I use Facebook messenger calls over Skype, and i'll probably start using Duo soon.
Switched to WIRE from Skype, works great
Skype is to-date still one of the **worst** chat/voice clients I've had the displeasure of using:* Butt-ugly. Subjective, I know, but meh.* The android client randomly starts using battery even when in the background.* Calls drop randomly on android, and then cannot reconnect quickly.* Messages sometimes arrive minutes after you'd expect them to, as if the app has to actively c heck and does it every few minutes.* The desktop client has terrible quality by now, and the Preview lacks options.* HAVE ALL OF OUR ADS!Ugh. I utterly despite Skype.
Skype is fine for what it is but personally I've dropped it for alternatives where I can. Facebook Video, Facetime and Hangouts are both better experiences IMO.You'll likely be seeing Skype's use in broadcast due to integrations built into *very* expensive hardware and software systems used for professional productions.
As with every messaging (text/voice/video) Skype is useful when other end of conversation use it and it's only way of contact. As good as every other.
There is no other option for me since my folks use only Skype
Have been using Skype for around 10 years on various elctronic devices for the occasional video chat. Its a great tool for that but a bit bloated for everyday use. 
It had very little options on Android, that's what I hate about it 
It's by far the worst one I've used. Horrible quality, totally unreliable and it crashes and burns like crazy. Steer clear!
Duo is much better on my phone for video calls. For gaming, I use discord 
I'm not a fan. Sending a call works around 25% of the time, texting doesn't really work, and it squeaks and echos a lot 
It works way better on iOS than Android I can't even reliably get notifications from it on Android 
I mainly used it for talking with friends while gaming. Now there's discord and all Skype is dead
Sucks ass, all my friends switched over to Discord Last time I had it installed, literally wakelocked my phone and killed the battery in an hour (all on standby, mind you) as soon as I logged in. 
Can't remember the last time I used Skype, I only use like 3 or 4 messengers now* Telegram* Discord* Steam* Facebook MessengerThat's about it. 
Worse communication app ever. My whole family and many friends use it but it's so bad I've decided to uninstall it from every device and use only Facebook which is also bad. Now there is no way for me to communicate with some of my friends but I'm glad I made this choice.
I use it all the time on Android for business reasons. Ive never had an issue with it at all. 
My family just recently stopped using Allo and Facebook Messenger and now all using Skype. Good app on the phone, and my Chromebook can also use the Android app, so finally able to receive messages etc on there too. It does for us just fine.
I use Whatsapp because its what everyone uses. Its very reliable and the features are good. I dont need SMS integration in the same app. I have sms fir those rare cases and the client hardly matters.I use Duo for Video calling parents and relatives. Surprisingly lots of my family have adopted it. I don't even have Skype because the app was horrible the last time I used it. 
I used it before Microsoft bought it.  It was not great then, and I understand they've ruined what good qualities it had (notably peer to peer).  Not that that matters to me.  The day the acquisition was announced I got rid of it.  I have no desire to let Microsoft get all up in my business.  I don't use their stuff at all.
It's OK, but there's better alternatives to Skype. Also there's this strange bug where if I try logging onto the desktop app, it reverts my profile picture to a previous one.
It's a sack of shit.  Also, by all reports, governments have backdoors into Skype.  
[deleted]
As much as I hate Skype, I have to use it, daily. But I can say it drains my battery significantly less than VoLTE does, so there's that.
I stopped using when Facebook introduced video calls on Messenger and later on Whatsapp. The only time when I ever use Skype is on Xbox Live with friends while gaming because it's the only chatting app besides the integrated parties you can create. 
I used to use Skype all the time, but we dropped it for Discord and Messenger. It was horribly bloated, the app sucked and it would drain a ton of battery.
Skype is pure shit.Mingo is a much better client. Though I'd probably get rid of all my skype clients if people could god damn move on from that abortion. 
Useless, bloated and niche amongst my friends.I think Allo is more popular.Anyone using Skype for games is dead in my books with Discord readily available. (Personally I use TeamSpeak but that's not free.)
I'm on the Skype Beta, they're really working on optimizing it
Skype works very well on computers but for some reason everytime I used it on a cellphone the quality was poor
Not everyone hates Allo... Just tech bloggers, mostly cause they love to shit on things. Allo is a great platform, just in a muddy offering of chat apps from Google.
Skype is disgusting.Anyone can lock your skype account. As it is microsoft's software, it is shit on security sense. Read more (TL;DR available);https://hub.zhovner.com/geek/how-skype-fixes-security-vulnerabilities/Alternative: https://archive.fo/mRzYU
Use it all the time, it's ok.
I use it every day at work, mostly from PC, which works quite well. The mobile version sucks ass. Both on iOS and Android. Corporate is trying to push us to use 'Skype for Business' (previously known as Lync) which is several degrees worse in terms of usability, reliability, call quality and most other *itys. 
I hate Skype....
I Love the UWP on Windows 10. It's the only light weight version and it works well. Great dark mode as well.
[deleted]
It's garbage since Microsoft brought it. The funny thing is Microsoft's live messenger was actually really good. They brought Skype and axed Live. I think it was a huge mistake.
I personally hate Skype, however I use it everyday. It's absolute crap on Linux and okay at best on Android. Friends won't switch to an alternative so I'm stuck using it until they move over to something else :(
Desktop version seems to work more reliably for me and my friends. While we tend to use Hangouts as the default, whenever there's an issue with video or sound we switch to Skype and it always works. 

m$ killed it by making it bloated. it used to suck the life out my phone and buggy as hell.
I've started using hangouts more often now. Skype has just been having too many problems. It used to be great, but that's not the case anymore
> SkypeOne of the worst apps.. If you have it installed on your phone and chatting with someone on Skype from PC, then suddenly Skype on android drains a lot of battery in background as it constantly syncs all the chats with PC, even if it was never opened in the last few days.
I use Skype and Discord every day. Discord is far better, in every way. The sound quality is so much cleaner since it cuts out noise when no one is talking, the interface is way better and the ability to easily join a call is fantastic. Skype is obviously better for video calls and screen sharing, but that's all it's good for at the moment. I also find that it sometimes uses 2-4x the resources. 
Skype's Linux client is unsupported and will be made useless soon. So, if Linux is included in your definition of cross platform, then it is a non starter
I use it with no problems. I don't use it that often though. 
Definitely not using Skype for chat, video call yes but too bloated for chat. Hangouts or Facebook messenger are the best for chats since they are multi device and cloud based unlike crappy Allo and useless WhatsApp which I'm forced to use because of millions of clueless people.
It's still widely used for me. Lots of work is still done on it due, to 'Skype for business'. That said MS like Google, fumbled the ball on it. It's now integrated into Windows 10 and this should have happened years ago, with a design/usability design as useful as iMessage/telegram and skype's own decent video calling support. Considering the install base of Windows 10, a well designed inbuilt messenger would have gone such a long way. 
No reason for me to use it. All my friends and contacts are in FB Messenger. 
Honestly for video chats...I use Facetime.  All the Android options suck :(   I go find the iPad or borrow my wife's iPhone.
Skype has never worked properly for me.Ever.Every single version of the app.
It's that thing I stopped using when Hangouts came out ~8 years ago. 
It used to be really bad but now it's just ok
Skype is garbage. For the longest time, it would start again on its own, even if you disabled notifications.
How I feel about the app itself is irrelevant since it's what everyone I know uses, so I can't switch to anything else
Necessary evil. Worst UI of any app on earth. But it works. 
I still use it for talking to friends. However I personally think the app is developed like shit. Like why does it take 5 seconds to hang up a call?
I've used Skype for years and love itBut there are a few shortcomings. On both PC and mobile, Skype takes a while to bootOn mobile, notification sounds are short and quiet, so it's hard to hear
You're all talking about Skype like it's a barely used by anyone piece of crap when in fact it's still a very popular platform. The app is crap, yeah, missing notifications, can't change the sounds (wth even?) but it's widely used and decent enough. 
It's adware on every platform.
Used to be ridiculously unusably bad like 2-3 years ago. Missing notifications, missing parts of conversations, killed battery, clunky and slow interface, etc...Now most of that's fixed, but it's still not good like Facebook Messenger.
I have never launched any app with slower launch time. One of the most buggiest, worst designed, slowest apps I've ever used. Got my friends on Discord, left a 1 star review, and never looked back.
proprietary software.
I really don't understand why people say it's awful on mobile. Super fast and super good for me
I use it more than I use Hangouts due to Skype actually implementing Callkit in iOS unlike Google and Hangouts/Duo. :\Plus I can use it on every device, not just my phone.
Better than whatever Google offers.
I think Skype is useful in low bandwidth situations or spotty cell/wifi coverage. Duo and hangouts will often completely cut the video where as Skype will keep going and with noticeably better clarity. That being said, I almost always use duo now, Skype if I'm on my laptop
It honestly lost its touch after Microsoft bought them, especially with a majority of people migrating towards Discord. Now I feel that Skype is more beneficial towards bloggers and businesses.As for the app itself, it always gave me login problems for no apparent reason.
Personally,- Skype is good for calling toll free numbers around the world. That's all.- Hangouts is a decent service with shoddy Android front-end (already mentioned in the title),- Duo/Allo: not popular due to the lack of the network effect,- FB Messenger: I don't personally use it, but a number of my colleagues at work have the popping sound coming from their phones now and then. I've used it ONCE for audio calling, and I don't remember how it was. Messaging: it's okay, but then, Facebook...I personally use Whatsapp a lot (for messaging and audio calls, not video), and where I can, I use Hangouts (especially for video because it has way better latency). I don't know anyone who uses Skype anymore.
Beyond the big changes to Skype infrastructure, Microsoft has been revamping and improving the Skype client apps. For Windows 10, it has created a rather nice Universal Windows Platform app called Skype Preview.  It is leaner and cleaner, and on Windows 10 it offers a feature called 'SMS Relay' which provides SMS integration for your PCs. I have been using this as my default SMS and messaging app on my Lumia 950 and my Surface tablet and desktop PCs for a couple of months, and I have to say I like it so far. They have promised that this will come to Android eventually, which will make it relevant to a lot more users. Bottom line: at least on Windows, Microsoft is making progress improving the Skype experience. I am also an Android user, so I hope this effort is reflected on other platforms soon. I would like to use this on my Shield K1 tablet and whatever Android phone replaces my Lumia in the future.
I'd use Skype if I could easily swap between two accounts and have them active at the same time.  
Using Skype just to communicate with my colleagues. It's official messanger at my job, but other than that, it's slow on android. Im using it on linux too, and i can say that I'm really looking forward to get a new stable version of skype, which is now in alpha version...
Skype is huge in Europe in the business and PC oriented world (and is also quite OK on macOS and iOS, but on iOS and Android the screen-sharing features are missing).On an Android phone is IMHO a great program as long as you have tons of RAM and I keep it running all the time. Which is why 6GB RAM is NOT a gimmick.Viber was originally a lot lighter (and is still in widespread use in Europe and some parts of Asia) and of course Signal is a lot better from the privacy/security point of view.However Skype has an advantage that is not present in many other messaging programs - the possibility to have an identity that is independent from a cellular phone number (and you can use on multiple phones and tablets and PCs at the same time).
Fuck Skype. Microsoft can go suck one.
Bloated, Ads in the app, part of PRISM, Linux client is being taken down March 1, my friends don't use it. 
No reason to use it since WhatsApp took over.
I don't even think about it. I created a username ages ago, signed in once, and that was it.I actually like Allo and use it every day.
I use it because it works with XBox, works decently well, Duo needs Chromecast support.
Stopped using Skype after Hangouts came out. Skype feels too bloated, ugly and intrusive and unnecessary.
Discord is superior in size, features, quality, and speed. Multiplatform updated frequently. Instant browser support. Customizable. Programmable. Brings people together. I recommended a friend he try Discord. A month later his friemds have a 50 person server. Major subreddits have them now and you can jump in and talk and meme with people instead of trying to IRC and get flamed for messaging too much by people stuck in 1990. 
Skype really is a piece of shit. Microsoft worked with the NSA to enable the mass interception of people's traffic. You don't recover from that.
I use it to record podcasts with my team and guests, it kinda of just works on Android. On PC it's glorious, but on Android It's clunky and heavy as hell. Makes me wish for an alternative client for calls.
I don't think I've logged into Skype once since I found Discord last year. Skype seems to be like YouTube. It gets worse with every update.
I don't use video calling at all with any app, very few people I know use Skype, MS isn't supporting the Linux version, so I don't use it. Other apps have the same or better features and are less crappy.
Skype is the best. Best video quality, no bullshit fade to black. Audio-only possible. Small video window is awesome. Works on Linux, Windows, Android and iOS. Also, ubiquitous. Ever attended an interview over Duo? No, it's always Skype.
junk app.
It would be great to Skype become mobile number based like WhatsApp or Telegram.Without need for Microsoft account.
Using Facebook messenger for all of that.
I stopped using it after about a day... it is slow and eats up your battery even when not in use. 
Almost the same here in Germany except everyone uses whatsapp which also has integrated voice and videochat.But sometimes you have to use Skype when you want to chat to multiple people while sharing your screen (desktop)... But I guess Duo can't do this either, right?
As much as I want to use Duo, you cannot even install it on tablets. And you can't use it on your laptop either. That makes it a lot less convenient than Skype, which is definitely the shittier app but still a lot better because... I can actually use it.
I enjoyed Skype until they started messing the ui up and adding ads I shouldn't have to block ads on a downloadable program 
(Within the US) Skype has had a long history of security issues on the personal client (not sure about business). [See this article.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Skype_security#Flaws_and_potential_flaws) Simply logging in to a desktop client links and exposes your IP to Skype IP Resolvers (pretty sure these still work) which then keep a rolling database, so you expose yourself to DDoS and such. The only time I ever touched it, I used a VPN. There are also tons of security concerns, but Microsoft never really seemed to care.Aside from security - it is a bloated pile of crap app that will murder your battery. Hangouts has been the best widely adopted solution I have found so far. I'm also on Project Fi, so the merge between SMS / calls / messages is quite nice.
Not sure why you're saying that. It works just fine. On my LG G4.
Discord is so much better.  They're adding video calling soon, too.
I wish Discord wouldn't be aimed/advertised at gamers only. Sure, others can use it, but they have no Idea it exists. Also, before video calling and screen sharing isn't introduced, I can't reccomend it to my friends instead of Skype.
I always found desktop Skype slow and bloated. Their Linux support was pretty bad. Their Android app never seemed to work right. And every single app they had seemed full of bugs. The moment I heard of discord I got my whole gaming group to switch, much better platform that just keeps getting better.
Linkme: Discord
Man I don't even understand how to use it. I couldn't find any of my friends, and when we did it stuttered or lagged or video would come out weird. Apple nailed it with Facetime when it comes to video calling.
Try WireOpen-source, lite, beautiful UI, cross platform, encrypted message, crystal voice. I think I would never go back to Skype
Try Mingo. Runs way less often in the background and is more responsive/faster 
hangouts?
Discord is planning on adding video calls and screen sharing this year. I haven't had any issues with Discord, so it'd be worth looking into.
Idk in mobile, but curse has screen sharing 
I have found video conference calls (5-6 ppl) have better clarity on Skype than Hangouts, anyone else feel the same?On Hangouts there is echo from some participants. Skype doesnt seem to have that problem
How are you finding ring? I'm tempted to start using it too. 
> when it does show notifications the sound is stupidly quietYeah what's with that!? When my Dad needed Skype on his phone I had to set up a tasker 'app' to pick up Skype notifications and create an even louder noise after the mouse squeak of a notification noise that Skype creates!
No, it's a steaming pile of shit on PC, too. Unfortunately my work uses it (yes, consumer skype, not skype for business formerly known as Lync) and it's so far behind Discord, Slack, HipChat, and a few others it's not even funny. Really, video chat is all it has going for it.
I love that feature. You can move the little window anywhere on the screen. It's the main reason I use Skype, also the video quality is pretty good, and I don't really have any issues with the app itself. 
Man I wonder why Google is pushing Hangouts to the corporate market then...
> WIRESeconding this. Wire ticks all my checkboxes: works on every major desktop and mobile OS, end-to-end encryption for text/voice/audio, no phone number registration needed, and is very easy to use. It's like Skype, except that it works has been my selling pitch to friends and family.
Same here! Link me: wire
Oddly, for me, Skype is horrible but I have never had a Facebook video chat work at all. I've tried at least 10 times, but I have never gotten a video connection. 
Does it matter if it is one? Give feedback especially if it's an MS employee because I'd rather they know what to fix and try to fix it rather than us be left with the steaming pile of shit that it is.
He's not Microsoft employee.
Don't you find the video quality on Whatsapp to be considerably worse than Skype?  
TS?
Oddly enough, your link shows that your assertion is mostly FUD.
It's there already. 
So isn't Hangouts and Duo.
oh hell no, dont need another messenger that only works on a single device
Skype should have done this years ago. They would need to have figured out how to sign in on other devices with the same account, but at the very least, mobile phones should be number based. Still logging in and seeing yet another contact list of who's online and who's offline makes me feel like I'm still using MSN messenger back in 2003.
Skype or duo?
There's a special place in hell for developers who build internet-only communications apps that require SMS registration.
>I shouldn't have to block ads on a downloadable program http://i.imgur.com/o0C07uN.gifv
Once Video calling and screen sharing come to discord soon, it will kill off any reasons there are to use Skype.
I would not be surprised to see a business oriented offshoot in the future. Once the chats are a bit more refined and they hire more support staff all they need to do is undercut Slack by a few bucks and they'll make shitloads.>Sure, others can use it, but they have no Idea it exists. One thing that Discord does better than anyone else is dealing with people who have no idea what it is. They can log in via browser to your exact room you want to talk to them in just from a link. If they like it they can install the mobile and desktop clients. Though, not that the browser version is very gimped.
Totally agree. 
Some of my younger friends use it to cheat in school lmao 
It's also amazing how great the Discord app for Android is built. Extremely smooth with material design and beautiful animations.
[**Discord - Chat for Gamers**](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.discord) - Free  -  Rating: 91/100 - Search for 'Discord' on the [**Play Store**](https://play.google.com/store/search?q=Discord)------[^Source ^Code](https://github.com/crisbal/PlayStoreLinks_Bot) ^| [^Feedback/Bug ^report](http://www.reddit.com/r/cris9696)
Now this looks interesting. I'll take a look, thank you!
Thank you. I don't really need Skype on my phone all that much (I use it on PC),  but I'll definitely keep an eye on that app for when I'll need it. 
Not available in my country (NZ). 
Hangout doesn't even have a proper desktop client, except for chrome 
No native Linux client that I know of. Plus I don't know anybody in person who actually uses that.
We got one of those bundles at work for hangouts. Chromebox, 2 omnidirectional(?) Microphones to put on the table, and a fancy we came that moves.I have seen meetings in there with 15+ people all using video, it looks great with no issues.
Try it but don't expect it to be your main communications app just yet. It's good but a bit unreliable. We've only been testing it for a few days and there a some bugs like app crashes and unable to connect. It is afterall only a BETA.  
in what ways is it shitty on PC?
ISDN
[**Wire - Private Messenger**](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.wire) - Free  -  Rating: 82/100 - Search for 'wire' on the [**Play Store**](https://play.google.com/store/search?q=wire)------[^Source ^Code](https://github.com/crisbal/PlayStoreLinks_Bot) ^| [^Feedback/Bug ^report](http://www.reddit.com/r/cris9696)
That's interesting. I rarely ever call but never had any issues 
Thanks for jumping in - no, I'm not an MS employee. In fact, I'm not even in any of the countries where MS operates. I was just curious to know what the sub thinks about Skype, since people have a love-hate relationship with Hangouts, and an uhhh moment when it comes to Duo.
Teamspeak, sorry.
Could you point me how?
Wire > skype
Skype. Never used Duo. I use BBM for my text, Voice, and video chat. 
I feel like Skype is easier for one on one conversations. Yeah you can DM in Discord, but it has the focus on group chats.
Mingo is actually a Skype app. It has SMS integration too. It's not quite as full featured as the full Skype app but you can still chat with all your friends without issue 
Yup, but it meets the original requirements. From the user's respective the chrome client is like a standalone client. I'm not sure of what proper means.
It's a chrome app, but the functional requirement was alternative cross-platform PC Based video calls with screen sharing features.I doubt you can get what you want in an alternative if your requirement is all my friends use Skype
Cool. I'll give it a shot! Cheers!
add floating video call app feature if you can for android :)Ring sounds promising 
No worries. Thanks. Will check out.
https://archive.fo/mRzYU> The only thing that a hacker needs to know is your Skype login.http://www.theverge.com/2016/11/8/13561024/microsoft-skype-baidu-linkedin-hack> Some Skype customers have reported their accounts being used to send spam, says a Microsoft spokesperson in a statement to The Verge. There is no breach of Skype security, instead we believe criminals are using username and password combinations obtained illegally to see if they exist on Skype.So the hacks aren't so much the fault of Skype, but more due to user carelessness with their login credentials.
You can use Discord exactly in the same way Skype works. Check your contact list, call someone, you get a 1 on 1 call with them plus the 1 on 1 messages as well, with the same controls Skype has.
I mean a native app.
Yeah, I should've added with a proper native standalone client for Windows, Linux and Mac OS. Chrome apps or other web-based messaging apps are unacceptable for me because they don't show up in system tray with unread count, can't be killed or restarted independently of the browser (and vise versa, restarting the browser kills the app), notification support doesn't always work properly, so on and so forth. My impression may be obsolete in some aspects though. > I doubt you can get what you want in an alternative if your requirement is all my friends use SkypeThat's not a hard drawback, just an inconvenience. I could convince my colleagues to switch from skype, but that doesn't seem worth it in view of other drawbacks. 
I'm not the developer or part of the development team, just a regular user. 
I know how to use Discord, I'm just saying I feel like Skype is more intuitive for when I want to call my mom. 
yes, getting notified is important to me too with an unread count. I was surprised to see a notification in the Signal Chrome client yesterday. Each unread message was counted and I was able to configure a little ding as they came in.
Oh yeah for sure, I think discord is aimed more towards gamers. I don't think my mom would be able to figure out discord.
Oracle at this point is like 90% a legal enforcement company
The SSO of those 37 Java API packages were all GPL'd in OpenJDK on May 8, 2007. Oracle never had a case to begin with.
At this rate they will only stand to lose money trying to open up a closed case.
When you know you're wrong but you're in too deep.
How many appeals do you even get!?
Talk about biting the hand that feeds you. Android is what made loads of young students pick up Java. Android is what put Java in the forefront of the mobile revolution. The biggest present in the history of languages might have been that android chose Java. The Java team couldn't have been luckier. They should be thanking google for the enormous help they got. If they had been sane they would  be bending over backwards for google whist trying to make Java into a really easy language for parallel programming (the future).In five years the Android community will be moving away from Java and Java will be like Pascal. An outmoded language mainly used for maintaining old corporate projects without sex appeal. 
for fuck's sake
Someone's gotta pay for all Larrys' toys http://technologyin.org/larry-ellison-billionaire-with-the-shiniest-toys
I don't understand how this is permitted. Any small business would just fall over from the pressure. Patent trolling is one of the biggest issues of the US justice system, and one that quickly needs to be fixed. 
Oracle is like the slightly retarded guy at school who again and again tries to headbutt the biggest quarterback. He's trying to prove a point, but fails to do so at every single turn, and makes everyone hate him.
Hopefully they go broke trying to open up a closed case.
Java, ur fucking urself up in the fucking ass.
Seriously? Just leave it go Oracle you lost this already stop being a troll!
Why the hell didn't Google buy out Java when they had the chance:. :/
Always happens when you are in decline.   Oracle is simply killing themselves losing suit after suit.They are causing themselves harm in attracting young engineers.   Nobody want to work for a copy that tries to use courts instead of actually innovating.
Google, just fucking remove everything oracle related from google search results and let that retarded company die in vain. I am pretty sure they will beg to suck google's dick to bring back everything.
I hope Google just abandons Java if this is how they're gonna be treated
See, this bullshit is why I transitioned to the .NET stack.
It's it not possible for the original ruling that APIs are copyrightable to be appealed also?
Are they just gonna keep trying until they get a judge who doesn't understand technology and wants an early lunch?
Can someone ELI5 all of this to me?
Google should just buy them and then close up shop. It may be cheaper than multiple legal battles. 
The day Java dies is the day we celebrate.
Patent trolling is one of the Java language is free and open source versions were already licensed in 2007.
Oracle tryna eat too
Is the other 10% a festering boil of humorless trolling?
There have been others that have gone down this path and it didn't end well for them; I doubt it will end well for Oracle. Hopefully they go broke trying to fight a losing battle against Google. I'll guess Google has much more stamina and can play the game longer than Oracle can ever dream of. 
Plus, as a new developer, Java is now a huge turnoff for me. I really am not interested in learning Java at all now, unless I have to.
And not a good one, it seems.
This comment will be inscrutable to non programmers. :) 
Google didn't use OpenJDK until Marshmallow
Not only money, also business if they become a risk for companies. 
Engineers are the fuel that drives the industry.   Oracle is killing any chance to attract engineers.
They have plenty of money and are just doing this to punish Google at this point. 
How do you figure that? Fair Use is a grey area where Oracle knows it has the ability to establish precedent if they have their evidence heard by the right folks. I'm all for fair use in even commercial cases but when you're Google, that's where I would at least be open to interpretation. This isn't some bit between Microsoft and say Unreal over API licensing with other entities. It's fucking Google. If I was Oracle's legal-department in its infinite wisdom: I'd exhaust all my appeals before giving up the chance at forced licensing agreements which can potentially be worth billions in easy money,
Meirl
Depends on how many/which politicians you buy.
Depends on how many judges think it's worthwhile. They already tried to go to the supreme court but they said no because it was not important enough for them.
You need to convince a judge that the previous case left out something important or that it got something seriously wrong legally. If you can do that every time, you can go on practically forever. 
Unlimited. 
Java will be the modern equivalent of COBOL in a couple or so decades. 
Amazon treats Google the same way. Amazons hardware success is because of Google and Amazon constantly shits on them.
Though if I understand correctly, at least the original Java team aren't the assholes here. It's only after Oracle bought Sun Microsystems when the lawsuits started happening. 
Why does he look like a global douchebag on the way of becoming another Marvel supervillain?
> Steve PositionsGreat translations in that article.  Where was it copied from?
Seriously. Not only are they making themselves exceedingly unpopular, but they're opening up a whole can of worms they're better off leaving untouched.And that's nothing to say about the fact that GOOGLE is the bear they've chosen to poke.I hope they get ground into nothing
Because it wouldn't have made sense.The part of Sun Microsystems that Google was using was free and open source, the part of Sun they weren't using were aimed at business hardware and some software, an industry Google was not in at the time and is not now part of.
That would probably shut down google
I have a few buddies who transitioned to Xamarin specifically because of Oracle's bullshit. If I was a mobile dev, I'd probably do the same. The less I have to deal with Oracle, the better.
Wish they would, but they're in a bit too deep.Would love to see a re-imagined Android SDK using Dart
I don't know how the US judicial system works to any great degree, but it may have something to do with the fact that it was the Appeals court that made the decision that it was copyrightable - or rather, that overturned the decision of Judge Alsup (who had actually done his homework on the matter), who had ruled that it wasn't. Or maybe it's because no one's taken advantage of this whole API copyright thing yet (no idea if that's true, but we would probably have heard about it if anyone was), and nobody wants to disturb that equilibrium. Or maybe it's something else.
Literally the first line of the article...>Oracle has brought its legal war with Google back to life, alleging Android's Java framework ripped off Big Red's copyright.Oracle says Google violated their copyright. Google says they didn't. Courts agree with Google. Oracle is appealing.
Oracle wants to believe that interfaces by themselves are copyrightable and therefore can be protected from reuse by others.An interface is just an agreement that if you implement something your method must have a particular signature.E.g.So maybe if I introduce into Java the ability to control light switches, I say that you must have methods on() and off().That's it.  That's what they want protected.So, Not even going so far as to how on and off are implemented.   Just the signatures.The court and many others said, That's stupid, Oracle. Maybe they can be copyrighted but you do that with APIs with the express reason that you want them to be implemented by others. Now go away.
ELI5: Oracle are idiots.
It's technically 10% sneaky Ask toolbar bundling, but that's just splitting hairs.
Oracle is seeing YOY revenue declines and I think a big reason for it is enterprises are moving away from their platforms and services because they try to fuck you over on every little contract detail. I am seeing it in the company I work for, people are avoiding Oracle like the plague and trying to transition existing Oracle systems onto new platforms.
Why?
Try Kotlin if you can. It's a modern language that runs on the Java Virtual Machine and has very good Android support.
I highly recommend kotlin. It's got features that you'll love from c# (and the yet unreleased versions), as well as a very big selling point which is strict null safety, which c# doesn't (and I doubt it ever will because they'd have to break compatibility)
TINA unfortunately.TINA = There is no alternative
Yes, someone eli5? 
So?
Technically, Google used the OpenJDK for Nougat. My argument is that those method signatures, that Google used, were all in the OpenJDK that Sun GPL'd in 2007. 
You're right. This is isn't fair use, because this isn't even a proper fucking copyright infringement; the only infringement was the API, which was determined to be not copyrightable by a judge who actually took the time to learn some Java to better make the decision. A decision that was overturned by the appeals court, which is the reason this whole mess is still around.I realize that you're probably already familiar with all this, but I still can't get over what a catastrophically stupid decision that was.
Me too thanks
You can go to the state's/federal supreme court but no higher than that.  They're the highest courts in their jurisdiction.  No appeals after they rule or decide not to hear(upholding lower courts ruling).
Pretty much all the 'modern' languages will be the current equivalent of cobal in a couple of decades.
Why is Amazon's success due to Google? And what are they doing that shits on Google? 
how so
What specifically made them switch?
Oracle is appealing - I find Oracle very unappealing, like a steaming turd from a dog - it can not be picked up by the 'clean' end.
Well, Ford makes starters, their replacement starters cost big $$$, others make starters that screw into the same holes, the Ford starter motor API.I bet Ford would love to copyright their API and kill the after market starter business...
Damn, I thought it was 10% concentrated power of will...
Not to mention developers are trending away from Java in general. Sure there'll always be legacy, but for Greenfield I can't think of why you'd want to use Java at this point. Maybe if youre enterprise level but still need cross platform since .Net core is probably not quite robust enough yet for that. But with MSFT absolutely killing it on the developer front, C# already being a superior language to Java in just about every way, and the glacial pace at which Java is getting updated, Oracle is trying to fight for a business no one wants. I really hope it blows up in their face. Fuck these guys
I don't know his reasons, but I mean, it's not exactly a sexy language. A workhorse, yes, but hard to get excited about. OpenJDK makes the Oracle situation a little easier to swallow, at least.
Personally I've never been a huge fan of Java. Maybe it was because it was one of he first languages I learned, but c++ and .Net just make sense to me and are easy. I haven't touched java once since leaving my last Java class and I don't miss it at all
Oracles open hostility towards those developing with it?
Oracle is a shitty oppressive company and I don't want to support them at all. I don't think anything this fucked could ever happen with JavaScript or more open languages.
Bullshit. Name one thing you can do in Java that you can't in some other language.
Most of the Java language is free and open source, but Oracle claims copyright on certain APIs. An API is basically like a ready-built function that programmers can use to do various operations, without having to program the entire thing themselves. Google re-wrote these APIs themselves for programmers to use to develop Android apps, without having to pay licensing fees to Oracle. But before Oracle bought Sun (the company that originally built Java), Sun had already released these APIs in an open source format (GPL is the General Public License which is often used for open source software). So Oracle is claiming that they own a copyright to something they bought in 2010 even though free and open source versions were already licensed in 2007. Moreover, the courts hold that an API is not copyrightable anyway in the sense that nobody is allowed to re-write their own implementations of them.
The license follows the implementation (creative work), and the argument in court was that even the structure of the files could be copyrighted (which essentially means a close enough imitation can be infringing). Except Google's implementation was ruled to fall under fair use. 
So they are getting sued for what they did before that? Are you being obtuse on purpose?
Oracle sued them for using Oracle's Java implementation for the years prior to Marshmallow. Google only switched to OpenJDK after the lawsuit arose.
You can get a prior judgement invalidated too, forcing it to start over. An appeal might for example just get the case thrown right back to the original court, telling them they got the law wrong. This can technically go on forever. An endless loop of legal nitpicking. 
No, Maybe Java has the chance of being the next COBOL. But something like 70%+ of transaction logic between institutions is STILL written in COBOL today. Even if/when Java becomes the next COBOL, it still won't *really* be the next COBOL. Nothing could be that bad.Source: Taking COBOL in classes, kill me pls.
No. No modern programming in enterprise has as much prevalence as Java has. 
*Why is Amazon's success due to Google?* ***Fire TV and Kindle are both using Google's operating system. Amazon tells developers to use Google's libraries that Google actively supports.****And what are they doing that shits on Google?****Amazon does not allow sellers on its marketplace (the largest online retailer in the world) to sell Google products that compete with amazon products.******Amazon does not allow prime video on the playstore and no it has nothing to do with paying google fees. Sign up can be done outside of the google store to avoid paying google anything.***
Anti competition anti monopoly and yadda yadda they could be liable for a lot more than they are now.
Not really any specific things--just a list of shitty business practices by Oracle. C# is so similar to Java that it takes very little time to transition, and Microsoft is innovating the .NET stack at an arguably faster pace than Oracle's advancing Java. 
And 100% reason to remember the name. 
This is interesting. I work for a company that is a major player in supply chain software. We started to build out our next get software using Google cloud platform using a microservice architecture. All of our microservice are Java. Google cloud platform supports Python, node, go, and Java but Java by far has the most support for the platform tools. It's odd because our company used to be a .Net shop and I love C#. I think developer want something other than Java but Java still rules the roost when it comes to having support for the kind of thinks you need to build application like the ones we are working. 
Ha ha, no. Java is very strong in the developer world. It has been in top 5 used languages for years.Nobody in the java world gives a flying f__k what MS is doing with c#. If we wanted to use a better language than java, then there is scala (which runs on the JVM) which wipes the floor of both java and c#. It's not the language, java, that is so great. It's the JVM, and the surrounding environment.
And visual studio code being a freebie as well
How is MSFT killing it with developers and who actually uses C#? Also MSFT is much worse than Oracle. Their monopoly and lock-in business model hurt tech for years and set back web dev maybe ~10 years. Oracle screws large corporations with their terrible products but microsoft actually hurts everyone. Pretty sure the only reason they are in the Linux foundation now is to try poison it.
There are other very sexy languages for the Java virtual machine.Kotlin is pretty badass, it's a lot like Swift in modernity.And it's got one of the most important features I think a language these days could have - null safety and helping stop that billion dollar mistake.
C++ making more sense than Java... holy shit dude, what the fuck?
How is mono support nowadays?  I've been out of the loop for a while.
Run on Android I guess. Technically there, you always need some amount of Java. Always.
GPL doesn't revoke your copyright, it simply grants a number of freedoms to users. Google wasn't covered by GPL by using a different implementation, but OTOH Oracle also can't really claim damages due to it having been available for free the entire time.The last court judgment on appeal was basically that the structure could fall under copyright, and the lower court that had to reconsider the case with that in mind said Google's implementation falls under fair use anyway. 
Oracle already lost.   They just are in decline and trying to figure out how to slow it down so why not sue someone with deep pockets.Problem is Google did not just roll over and thank god as there was much bigger consequences for the industry which obviously Oracle could care less about.    The point is it makes ZERO difference on using OpenJDK or not.   Oracle is wrong here and the courts already told them so and they are too stupid and desperate to listen.
Wait, did google use Sun's java way before Oracle brought Sun? Basically google is following the original contract?
Thanks for the response. And, yes, that does sound pretty shitty. I guess there isn't anyway for Google to do anything about it either since Android is open source? 
They stopped selling chromecasts on Amazon.com.  
Google may decide to remove Oracle results until the end of the case. I'm sure the judge will understand. The case will last for months. Even if it's not permanent, it's enough time to knock Oracle down.
I agree, c# is moving nicely along. But there are also other languages running on the JVM that are innovating very quickly as well. Kotlin being one. Although I don't see how much of what Oracle does can affect what one thinks of Java itself.. They haven't really done anything that directly affects us.Unfortunately c# doesn't have strict null safety guarantees and I suspect it never will, kotlin and swift are two modern languages that do and I think that should be a requirement these days.Also the c# is and will take years to recover from Microsoft's neglect and willful negligence. The ecosystem still heavily shows the complete disregard to cross platformness, and the hesitance to create open source libraries, tools and solutions that solve problems because of the fear that when they do, Microsoft would just take the idea anyways.That's one big reason .Net is very behind the Java ecosystem. Tools like maven and gradle and Nexus have solved had so many issues solved for years that c# is *just now* starting to address.Microsoft seems promising in this area but again, these things I think will take time as the ecosystem tries to grow back. Also it would be a great start if codeplex wasn't fucking horrendous. Tried using that again the other week and it was just garbage compared to github.There's also the cross platform tooling problem that will take some years to fix. Right now it's Windows Windows Windows, especially for their editors and things. There seems to be some promising others, but still. And the benefits from their open sourcing will take quite some time to benefit from (Roslyn, xamarin, mono)Though personally I'm not really that interested in it, due to the aforementioned lackluster null safety in c#.
You may be interested in other JVM languages, like Kotlin. Java 8+++ features able to run on a Java 6 VM.It's also got some nice features c# doesn't (and at least one that c# never will be able to have - null safety).Basically it's a modern Java, and a pragmatic approach to it (Scala is too academic in my opinion and too complex especially for teams).It's got excellent lambdas, extension functions, inlining, string interpolation, and most importantly, null safety.Spring is supporting it pretty well too.
Man, that application is amazing.
You seem to be stuck in Ballmer era thinking. Nadella has completely turned MS around. Heck, he announced Office for IOS in one of his first public appearances. That's the opposite of lock-in. They are also the number one contributor on github.
No one can defend some of that MSFT has done in the past, sure, but a lot of that happened a long time ago, and today's MSFT is nothing like that. MSFT has opened sourced their entire platform, is completely redesigning the C# stack to be cross platform and more open. Them joining the Linux foundation is a sign of them changing. A corporation as big as them isn't going to pull off some sort of big secret let's destroy them from within! plot, nor would it be in their interest to do so with their new philosophys about development.
> set back web dev maybe ~10 years. Oracle screws large corporations with their terrible products but microsoft actually hurts everyone. Pretty sure the only reason they are in the Linux foundation now is to try poison it.You just made my day.
> Kotlin is pretty badassI agree, Kotlin is dope!
C++ can range anywhere from indistinguishable from C to a writhing mass of black magic template fuckery. 
C and C++ make more sense to me than Java...  Java tries to force OOP down your throat even when it makes absolutely no sense to do so...Kotlin is nice.  I do C, C++, Python, and Go right now.  Starting to learn Swift (Objective C is shit, IMO).
Mono is pretty good nowadays, but it's still got some glaring holes, such as lack of TLS support.
It is not what it can do or not do it is what developers know and enterprise is comfortable with.    Personally there are far better languages and approaches.   There is ZERO doubt functional is  exponentially better.   Will anyone bet that functional will become mainstream?   Small chance.I am old and learned a very long time ago that there are far more important factors than what is best.  
Yeah I know that wasn't actually the crux of the suit, I was just trying to explain what was meant in the above comment.
Google was using Apache's Harmony as a base for Android not Sun's Hotspot.
Look you can read up about it, but basically Sun/Oracle said Here is OpenJDK, you can use this for free, but Google thought Nah we'll use Apache Harmony instead. and Oracle were like Wtf? That uses our highly technological Java (tm) APIs (R) (C), we'll sue you bitches and Google said What? You can't copyright a bloody API! That's like copyrighting phone numbers. and the courts were like durrr API? and basically fucked everything up.
Competing is about the only thing Google can do really do. IMO google needs more hardware to compete with Amazon and Apple. Where is the Google branded TV streamer, watches etc..Whenever they try to strengthen control on Android they get sued. Everyone depends on Google which in turn makes them the biggest lawsuit target. A perfect example is the EU lawsuits.No countries ars suing Apple and Amazon but everyone is all over Google.
No one stopped. They were forced. Sellers were given notice to take their listings down.
> Tools like maven and gradle and Nexus have solved had so many issues solved for years that c# is just now starting to address.I thought NuGet is very similar of it. 
I also recommend Kotlin 
I don't pay that much attention to tech since I went into science (where luckily Microsoft is non-existent) so looking around the webs now I see that lately they have made some efforts to embrace open source and there are various fluff pieces about how they have really and truly become open. It's possible, I guess? They have a 30 year history of being evil as fuck... and I think it's unlikely they can change that culture. Even as recently as a few years ago my friend from MS was spewing really strange google FUD that was clearly coming from the top. Anyway I really hope you are right but I wasted several years of my life fighting MS technology (and I use that term generously) and will never, ever, ever touch it again willingly.
> A corporation as big as them isn't going to pull off some sort of big secret let's destroy them from within! plot,They are literally the company that coined [Embrace, Extend, Extinguish](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Embrace,_extend_and_extinguish). I don't think they're doing it any more, and there's no way that stuff like open sourcing their own stuff is EEE, but there's a reason a lot of the open source / open standards community has substantial suspicion of Microsoft.
When they donate their IP portfolio to the open source community I might believe it ;-) 
> There is ZERO doubt functional is  exponentially better.Actually there's a lot of doubt. I think praising anything as the holy Grail technology will just make us all look like fools.Reality is functional I think has its benefits and should be used appropriately, just like OOP. Going fully one way or the other is a recipe for failure. Never go full retard.You are correct that being technologically superior doesn't mean you will win..But you missed my point entirely. I was saying, with **Android, Java is technically unavoidable regardless of what you do**Just like on iOS a JIT is not possible, due to their limitations (which means everything from web browsers to apps and games languages and frameworks suffer performance and are degraded at a technical feature level)
In theory. In reality the infrastructure and ecosystem surrounding it is just incredibly lackluster. It's basically where Java was > 10 years ago.It's gotten more advanced quite quickly, but it's still got a long long ways to go.
You should really try to put your obvious prejudice off to the side for a minute and look at MSFT for what it is TODAY. I'm not saying they're angels, but there's no way you can say it's the same Microsoft as the one you're referring to
Woops!   My reply was not intended to your post but the one earlier guy.   Agree on Android.
> You should really try to put your obvious prejudice off to the side for a minute and look at MSFT for what it is TODAY. Why? I don't owe them anything. 
Because you owe it to yourself to be cognizant not just of evil corporations but also entities that have managed to change. It's important to have an up-to-date view of the world. Remember, corporations are still run by people, and the people running them can change over time.But hey, I can't tell you what to do. I'm just some guy on the internet who disagrees with you. This is just my two cents, for whatever it's worth to you
The Pixel have 28ms of touch latency per Google developers and Arstechnica 
Android 7.1 massively improved it  Granted, it is ~5 years too late Google is working on such a basic thing, but they finally did
Sony has upped their game with Audio latency. My Xperia XZ is at 16ms now with Nougat, which makes it qualify for Pro Audio, but I have no idea how to test touch latency.Edit: Lesnumeriques.com tests touch latency. Somebody has made a collection of their measurements here:https://www.reddit.com/r/oneplus/comments/5fp160/les_numeriques_the_site_that_found_op3_touch/
I have a Nexus 6p and an iPhone 6 and I don't really notice that much touch latency difference between them. However, I do notice it on my Galaxy Tablet on Marshmallow. 
Which SOC variant?  My sd820 edge is noticeably slower I response compared to my pixel.
Yeah I feel you. My S7E touch latency is bad. Compared to my Nextbit Robin it's almost night and day. The Robin is much more responsive. 
So based on the comments in this thread the issue is Samsung. Even though every year we hear people cry out how much TouchWiz has improved. They still can't fix their shit.
Trash levels
5 years ago Android was a bit of a joke. Its come a long way.
Aw, I probably won't get 7.1 until Android 8. 
That test isn't accurate on USB-C devices according to xda reviewers 
My flair says Inferior, so yes, SD820 :P
You're joking I hope?
Sucks for us, flair-bro.
I never got threads where people make statements without having tried the latest version of Android. I guess people are so focused on *their* device they don't consider the greater scope. Yet, they still word as if it applies to all of Android.
I don't think you understand what latency is, you are confusing it with lag. Samsung phones always had very good latency, HTC did better than iphones in some models and Pixels are in the lead right now. It doesn't depend on processor, its a screen + OS spec.
*20ms* god this is so buttery smooth*19ms* fuckin trash *throws phone*
Anyone not under 20 is trash
Well most people agreed with me, and apparently the version exactly after the one I'm running improves it after 5 years otherwise. No need to pull that
k
> Well most people agreed with meI don't see any post agreeing with you. I see more than a few posts that talk about it already being improved.>and apparently the version exactly after the one I'm running improves it after 5 years otherwise. No need to pull thatSo exactly my point about you not considering it? Alright, thanks for conceding.
What kind of argument is that? Whether or not it took 5 years is irrelevant, it's here now. No one told you to buy a phone that takes ludicrous amounts of time to update and has a million and one things running in the background that impact performance
