Do what you need to do. I came here to get away from Macrumours and have no desire to see this place devolve into another mirror image of that place. 
It's nice to see the negativity officially acknowledged. I was downvoted and flamed not long ago for pointing out how negative it's gotten around here.The irony was not lost on me.
If Trial 3 can tone down the Siri hate posts then I'm all for it. We get it, it's not the best personal assistant on the market, it's also by far not the worst. No need to post about it every single day.
Thank you. I was really tired of it. Heck, I was browsing Android because they have civilized conversations even though I didn't know what they were talking about. 
This has been a long time coming. Just recently I had someone cover up using grade school insults like dummy by editing it out of their comment, despite me showing actual evidence. All the petty name calling stuff does is dig a deeper hole.I think these are very good trials to run. It will hopefully get rid of a lot of the really obnoxious posts and comments that have been growing like a weed as of late. And the concern trolling stuff you referenced is also a big annoyance. Trying to look like you're somehow being objective by complaining when you're just being overly critical to a fault helps nothing. Also, I really empathize with you mods. It can't be easy wading through all the crap. 
I think these are all important things to look at.Nothing annoys me more than the Siri posts. Anyone claiming they may not come here often so therefore don't see them must not come here at all then. They are seemingly coming every day. It's always the same. It's old. And I don't care because I only use Siri in a limited basis and don't have problems.Whenever I see courage the conversation seems to stop. It's not that funny if a line. It's low hanging karma. It adds nothing to the thread. I appreciate the time you all spend on here and hope these ideas improve the page. I also appreciate your willingness to look at these possible solutions to check back and decide if they have done what you've intended.
. #2 will be my favorite. All those memes are absolutely pointless and infuriating because the conversation ends the moment they are popped up. Every time I see courage it basically translate to I'm better and you're stupid, I'm too closed minded for a serious discussion in my mind... there's literally nothing you can do to respond to that! I'm glad that rule will be implemented!
Honestly, this seems that heavy handed. People should be allowed to be honest about their disdain for the expensive products they bought. The reality is that it isn't just people on this sub that are upset and disappointed by Apple's recent complacency. Many non-techy people are saying the same things. If Apple actually addressed the things that people have been asking for, this wouldn't be an issue. In some cases, people have been asking for some things for 10 years. Look. It sucks and all, but free speech shouldn't be hampered because of this. I have frequented this sub for many years and would hate to see such heavy handed measures taken.This is simply too much and I hope you guys reconsider. 
I disagree with #3, a lot of us aren't super active in this subreddit, so when we do voice our concerns, you'll remove them because they've been said before, but the actual user posting it hasn't said it before, they're fed up or annoyed or whatever compelled them to comment and it's just unfair to them to make it so they can't communicate their feelings.
I'm not about the name calling ever.I'm ok with some jokes. Apple does it to themselves sometimes and jokes help lighten the mood every once in a while. I agree with some of the other commenters in saying that up votes cycle out a lot of the excess. I like the idea that if a thread or post gets too bad, just [deleted] it with a note somewhere that this thread stopped adding to the conversation ad was removed a la trial 3.Conversation still needs to happen and as nice as apple products are, the invested community is, as a majority, pretty disappointed right now. That will be reflected in the conversation and it needs to be. I know that you know that and I think I trust that you guys will move forward with these with that in mind.That said, trial three brothers me a little because while products like Siri aren't what we want them to be and it's been that way for a long time, change hasn't caught up with or expectations and desires and we want to voice those frustrations. Occasionally, legitimate and helpful conversation will spur up from some of those complaint/criticisms, but oftentimes we just need to vent.Thoughts on a complaint or vent tag or weekly sticky maybe side by side with a gush or praise sticky? Rules could then move banal or repetitive complaints to that thread and possibly refocus them as solution finding threads.
Trial 1 is a great idea. I don't think there's any strong argument against it.To play devil's advocate a little bit:You state were not in the market of blindly defending Apple and a goal of  to have a place to discuss Apple passionately, both positively and negatively, in constructive ways. Trial 2 and 3 I think could make this subreddit hostile towards reasonable criticism of Apple.If low effort negative posts are not allowed, but low effort positive posts are, it will have a dramatic impact on the tone of the sub (which may be fine) but also an impact on the user base of the sub. That could be problematic. Reasonable users with well thought out criticisms of Apple could be hesitant to comment in what is perceived to be a Apple love fest.One of the issues I have with other Apple sites, that I haven't found to be the case here, is that valid criticism is shouted down pretty quickly by the masses of Apple zealots. As someone who is heavily bought into the Apple ecosystem, but also has very high expectations of anything I buy, I enjoy being able to express myself without being down voted to oblivion by fanboys. It's why I choose to participate here, and not on any other Apple sites.I feel like /r/Apple has a pretty diverse user base and I do feel like I get some insights here that I can't expect on other Apple sites. I would hate to lose that.So I guess just...be careful? I don't know what a perfect answer would be. Maybe just auto deleting all low effort posts independent of tone? It might be heavy handed or a lot of work for moderators, I'm not sure.
This is perfect, thanks for moderating the subreddit, mods :)
i'm so happy this is finally being handled. it seems like all i see here are comments about courage and dongles. so many people want to jump on the apple-hating train just to get a little karma. apple does make mistakes and needs to be criticized for those mistakes, but constantly bashing apple for the sake of karma is annoying and unnecessary.
This is a Reddit problem, not just r/apple.  I've been on and off Reddit for almost a decade, and this time around... let's just say the S/N has gone down alot.
As someone on the fence on deciding to unsub, thank you!! In the past I supported a very hands-off approach to moderating, but the last couple years the best subreddits by far are the ones heavily moderated. The site is just too big to expect an unfiltered hive mind democracy to generate a good signal to noise ratio anymore. Also I think the rise of /r/wholesomememes is a sign of the times that many redditors are eager for a site with a bit less cynicism all the time and more positivity. As a member of this sub I'm ready to watch and make sure the moderating stays fair, but I'm definitely in favor. 
I think trial three is a bunch of bull. Why the hell cant I complain to my hearts content about my underwhelming 3400 dollar MBP I've waited on for over 2 years?Your job it's to moderate the Reddit not silence (entirely valid) opinions!
Really glad to see this pop up. I mainly lurk here, but had been considering unsubscribing because of the hatejerk going on so much lately. Good luck and I look forward to the community turning around!
I think these new rules are great. Other than that, I love the work you've all been doing, it's sad watching some subs devolve and eventually die, but this sub has resisted that thanks to you guys :) . However, apart from the obvious name-calling/trolling and annoying anti-Apple memes, I think Reddit's downvote/upvote system has done a good job filtering comments on many subs.
The number #1 criticism /r/Apple here is that's it's a pro Apple circle jerk. So far removed from reality that nothing can penetrate the vortex. And that's a really valid criticism. Lately people have begun expressing really valid criticisms where Apple is dropping the ball. This time, you're holding it wrong isn't being taken as gospel. That's a really good thing. I would hate to see this subreddit go the other way again. 
I don't know what the right place for this is, so fuck it - I'll put it here.Can we update the wiki and refer people there for simple/what should I get questions? We seem to get a lot of Hey, I'm a student/artist/shoemaker, should I get an ipad/pro/air or a surface/chromebook?Edit to add: Herp derp I can edit the wiki myself. Now I know what my afternoon's gonna be...
So question. Who decides what beating a dead horse is? I mod /r/windows10, and we also have our fair share of stupid stuff. Downvotes take care of the rubbish, though. As our rule, we will only remove a thread that is based on misinformation and written to incite a circlejerk. Even when we do that, we often get accused of censorship. Even if you do want legitimate discussion from both sides, you can't change the fact that the people who post on here are reddit users.So my curious question, is how do you expect to think you can remove flogging the dead horse threads without saying what they are? If something is legitimately bad (and there has been stuff with 10), how are new people to Reddit and your subreddit meant to know their legitimate conversations are banned discussions? How do you differentiate between the same old topic and the same topic but with new information or an important consideration or something worthy of discussion? How do you trust yourself to only remove stuff that falls in the former, not the latter?Also, you talk about no jokes and what not? Is this a one way street? No Note 7 exploding jokes, too? Is this repeated jokes, or any jokes? Because if it's the latter, I would have to question your motivation for doing so. Do you really want to be called the fun police on what is, at the end of the day, a community forum?I ask partly because you can expect a MASSIVE backlash from Reddit go-ers if you haven't really thought about it and therefore can't enforce this sensibly and equally in a non-bias way (which I'm sure you have thought about), and partly out of curiosity because it's discussions we've been having for some time, and some new perspective would be nice.Thanks ;)
I'm a little sad about #2 to be honest. We are all here because we care about Apple, and tbh when people started making courage jokes I had more than a few chuckles. We should be able to keep it light-hearted and joke/meme about these things. When the jokes got tired, the downvotes kicked in and those comments took care of themselves. I didn't see any harm nor any extra work it took on your part. At any rate I appreciate this post, agree with the overall sentiment, and appreciate the hard work you all do. Thank you!
1. Yes2. Fuck yes.3. Thanks mods, sorry that we have difficulty not acting like a bunch of 5 year old arguing about whose dad can beat up whose.
Please ban for Steve would never allow that or Steve is rolling in his grave, or at least delete those comments. They're ridiculous.
Can you give us some examples of what you consider constructive criticisms and what isn't?  My kneejerk reaction is REEEE CENSORSHIP, but I want to give the mods a fair chance.
Can we get rid of the why don't you just build a hackintosh for half the price people whenever a thread comes up about a new Apple computer? Gettin' tired of that shit. Not everyone wants to build a computer. Some people want to plug and play, and get to work...
Well done guys, long overdue.  And thank you for the countless hours you put into Modding here.I'd love to see less of Apple is doomed, Tim Cook needs to be fired when we know the company is still making billions each quarter.
When AirPods were released the whole front page was posts about how great they were. When something launches like a new feature, hardware or some big news can moderators make a megathread? It's frustrating coming back to the sub and seeing posts about the same thing. 
If you are going to stop beating a dead horse, can we stop petting it too? Too many redundant Airpod threads. Too many redundant touch bar threads. Also, I've noticed shitty blog publishers seem to be exploiting r/Apple for clicks by posting bullshit rumor articles everywhere. 
While of course there are plenty of internet trolls on here (as with every large sub), this sounds like fighting the symptom of the real problem which is that Apple doesn't actually listen to its fans. They release products that they think are best and not necessarily what people are asking for. This can mean some really innovating products but also has lead to lots of of frustrated people who feel helpless. In the case of other developers, a feature or product is released with something people dont like, the internet explodes for a few days, the developers then either fix the issues or give an update on what will or wont be changed. The fans feel heard and the world moves on. Apple rarely does this. The fact that the same complaints are being made over and over again is proof of this.These measures are sure to trim the trolls, but the negativity is not likely to go anywhere. A more proactive measure would be to get someone at Apple to do an AMA and respond to issues people are having (which they should be doing anyways). Not likely to ever happen though.
Upvoted this post.  I too am getting tired of the negativity, especially around the things we've heard a million times before...Like Siri complaint threads.  If you don't like it, don't use it, but it is what it is and at some point you've gotta move on.And don't get me started on the If Steve was around... comments.  Stop, just stop.I appreciate the mod team for the hard work you do.  Thank you.
Let there be no doubt that the effort to turn this sub into a macrumors hell hole is a deliberate and persistent effort from a collection of determined Apple haters. Its about time they were openly outed and refuted for their bullshit. Lets hope these rule changes go some way toward that
I remember one Christmas morning in 1997? I think it was..setting up my Performa 6400, tearing open that first edition of Mac Addict with the included CD...I was hooked. And it's been a fantastic ride ever since. Hang in there mods. 
I appreciate you guys being transparent about this.As a former moderator on a very different community, I wish you luck, especially with the third trial.  That's an awfully grey area to cover.  The group I dealt with was smaller and not quite as rowdy as I've seen Reddit get.  I can only imagine what you're dealing with.As much as I'm unsure about how you can handle #3, as much interpretation as it might include, I definitely support you doing #1.  This isn't the place for something like that.I wish you luck.
> No More Beating the Dead HorseThat is a blank check for people to ban anything they don't like. What is a dead horse to one person is a new problem to someone who may be posting it. By all means stop memes and stop name calling, but no more beating the dead horse is completely subjective and a way of silencing people who have an opinion someone else may just not like. If someone posts a battery problem with their MacBook Pro, someone else may consider that beating the dead horse, while another may view it as important as it further confirms a real issue exists. If you are tired of moderating, quit being a mod and invite someone else to fill your shoes, at least until you're not tired anymore. Tired of moderating is no reason to make ambiguous rules. As well, up votes and down votes exist for a reason. If the community feels that a certain topic is worn out, it will vote it down and take care of it. That is not a moderating decision to make in light of the way reddit is supposed to handle content.Contributes to discussion: upvoteDoesn't contribute: downvoteThat's the entire core feature of reddit.
It's important to address our concerns about Apple products.  If we act as though everything is perfect, then Apple will continue going the wrong way.  
Honestly, I think the core problem here is that more people than ever are genuinely frustrated and disappointed with Apple right now.  It's pretty safe to assume someone at Apple reads everything here, so this is our only hope to drive the message home. If you guys start censoring the subreddit of any negative comments they'll think they're doing a good job and we'll all just get more angry and frustrated. See, Apple is VERY different from Dell or Compaq or whoever makes Windows laptops these days. If you are in the Apple ecosystem, you have to stick to Apple products. But their new laptops are not only obsolete but overpriced. So what can we do?  The stock answer is to vote with our wallets and don't buy it and many of us aren't buying it. But we are stuck between a rock and a hard place - our old equipment is outdated, slow and/or dying and a suitable replacement is not available or forthcoming. The only thing we can do is bitch about it publicly in the hope that Apple gets the message. Well, guess what. This is where we bitch about it in the hopes of being heard. You say you don't want us beating a dead horse, but the damn thing won't die. The new Macbook Pro continues to be very non-pro; Siri continues to be a steaming pile of feces; the Mac Pro continues to be obsolete; the Mac Mini we relied on as a small office server is abandoned. The Apple ecosystem has been abandoned and many of us depend on it for our livelihood.  But bitching about Siri serves no purpose, really. But it is baffling that even small problems can't get addressed there and it just further exemplifies Apple's rising incompetence. So yeah, let's censor this place and pretend these problems don't exist. A better idea would be to reach out to Apple and get a liaison on here to defend themselves or provide some insight on whether Apple actually cares. Otherwise we should just go back to Windows and then the horse will truly be dead. 
I think this is an excellent idea. Getting rid of the courage! responses especially so.edit: also, how should we as user report comments which violate the rules? Which box should we tick?
Perhaps you should be looking for some new mods.....
I'm totally cool with this. I moderate two smaller subs that have around 8k and 18k subscribers respectively. They revolve around much less polarizing subject matter and I see the shit I have to put up with there sometimes and can only imagine how bad it must be here. I personally take a pretty strict stance on moderating those two subs and maybe it doesn't fit everyone's view of an egalitarian web community, but the reality is, people just don't listen. They don't follow basic rules (or even read them), they treat other people like crap, they repeatedly spout stupid memes, and they spam the ever living shit out of their crappy youtube channels and blogs.In short, I understand and wish you guys good luck.
Hallelujah  Hopefully this stops the endless hate circlejerk I see on here pretty regularly, see enough of it on other subreddits! 
TBH this is a pretty slow sub, enacting #3 is going to make it... completely dead. I really don't feel the subs quality is *that* bad, there is so much worse to be had in other non-default subs. And if you're still insisting on enacting #3, you need to have a very clearly defined threshold for what counts as beating a dead horse. And that will be difficult to quantify, but not having it will turn this sub into a place that is widely referred to as a ban-happy echo-chamber. I think of workplace rules at my place of employment that go into effect with no clear threshold, and managers run wild with their own discretions on what they want to enforce. Please don't do this, I think we can all relate to this. Pick a threshold, clearly define it. The problem on reddit is mods introduce these kinds of rules and eventually get into the habit of deleting things (exhaustedly, as you say) without explanation. Before you know it you have a tyrannical sub that nobody enjoys, where posts disappear all the time and users are powerless in the face of it. Proceed with caution, there's plenty of real life examples where stuff like this runs rampant.This also isn't a sub people frequent daily, believe it or not. Chances are I'll be missing out on stuff here and there, and sometimes the repeat discussions / rants are a good way to get in the loop as developments are made regarding new or upcoming Apple tech. Dismissing rants as reposts and removing/banning/whatever you're planning is going to nerf this subs usefulness to me, and I guess despite having contributed to the subs content here and there, I'll just stick to getting most of my news from AppleInsder or MacRumors. Quite frankly half the usefulness of this sub comes from the discussions other users post in a threads comment chain. Given the contentious nature of Apple tech purchases, it's nice to read the thoughts of others and how they respond to negative controversy over the tech. Someone posts about how the Macbook is underspec'd, someone else replies with why it's well spec'd given the optimization Macs/hardware share. I not long ago learned of this stuff from a thread with plenty of tired circle jerks about the new tMBP, a thread that wouldn't have made it 10 minutes if you guys put rule #3 in place. Sometimes I am tired of the occasional circle jerk but I don't think it's necessary to play clean up in a relatively slow sub. There are real genuinely bad circle jerks that plague Reddit but nothing in here is so bad that it's unbearable, nothing in here is like Apple discussion that hits the front page of Reddit. I am reminded of Elizabeth May demanding decorum like Umbridge from Hogwarts in this clip: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bDNw_vbm_7UTo be honest I feel like this is all a little reactive, I think with any sub mods are going to reach the point of being jaded and talking about how content *used to be* or whatever, but I don't think anything here is really that necessary. I guess if the content of the sub is really *that* bothersome... perhaps it's time to relinquish mod duties or bring on more mods? I mean it shouldn't be taking a mental toll on any of you guys, yes it's extra responsibility but dude it's a subreddit. A free subreddit. On the internet. Like another user has posted in here, downvotes tend to take care of the shitty content, the shitty jokes and the shitty don't buy a mac then dumbass ahehaeheh posts. Discussion has always been valuable, removing threads because the discussion is tired or too subjectively negative is just going to stifle a big reason why people come to this sub: to discuss Apple products. You can't have the good discussions without some bad discussions here and there, eliminating one will likely cut into the other.**If you're going to clean up anything, make an official AirPod thread.** 
N.1 is pretty obvious and I'm surprised you weren't doing it before. It's pretty much moderation 101.N. 2 is more controversial. Sometimes memes are what makes a community unique; a well-deployed meme is both funny and on point. Whenever they are abused, the community is usually not shy with downvotes, so I don't really see the need for mod activism.N.3 is *very* controversial. Do I want to see 3 threads per day about Siri suckage? No, I'd rather not. But there are reasons why it happens, and simply blanketing away these threads will just disaffect significant parts of the community. Maybe you could consolidate topics more aggressively (e.g. redirecting to one sticky Siri sucks thread), which would leave people free to vent without clogging the Hot queue.
> We want to dramatically cut down on pointless negativity disguised as valid criticismI feel like this line is highly subjective and cannot be reasonably enforced as written. In this subreddit I have seen critically well-thought out arguments be down voted because a few loyalists didn't agree. Is it possible for this rule to clarified or given examples? I myself love to argue and have seen many arguments on Reddit take a nosedive towards character assassination and it's disheartening to see a critical discussion disappear because one party pulled out a nuclear option.I would hate to see /r/Apple become a place where you get banned for having critical thoughts about the Apple products you own.
Stop linking macrumors links until they get the picture to follow suite. Moderation team over there is plugging their ears.
I'd like to add that the constant tech support questions, for which anyone can report them for being _easily searchable_ on the internet, has consistently been spammy here. I also wonder how we can better encourage folks to search the sub before posting a question that's likely been asked and answered many times before.
I think 1 and 2 are logical and productive, but 3 sounds like censorship.  Negativity is not invalid.  
Can we autoban anyone who says 'courage'?
Maybe I don't know anything about moderation, but wouldn't it be infinitely less work if you just didn't remove anything, and let the community vote on whether a comment has value or not? If people still like courage jokes, they'll upvote, if not, they'll downvote. 
I'm here precisely because it is moderated. I like to express robust opinion in a polite manner. I do not feel I need to fear moderators if I comment in this manner. Moderate away, it is appreciated.
Thank you guys - you're hard work and dedication may not always be acknowledged however it's definitely appreciated!
Dig the new rules. It has been disheartening to see so much Apple bashing lately. I get it, they're a big company and screw up sometimes, but it's nice that this is a place for fans.
Thank you, guys ! You're doing a great job and I'm glad the negativity is finally addressed. To be frank, I do think we should be able to hear the negative voices from times to times **but** I don't think this sub should aim for perfect neutrality. Bear with me. Some people use /r/apple as a hub for Apple-related news. I don't and I'm sure many people are like me. To me, this sub is a place where I can read and talk about a brand that I truly respect and love. I know Apple has its flaws, obviously. But I see this sub as a community of Apple-lovers, which I am a part of, made of people who like to virtually hang out and discuss their favorite brand, like Porsche guys or Adidas guys or Rolex guys do. Of course from times to times they complain that the last 911 is too much this, that the last Oyster is too much that. But in the end it doesn't matter because they love the brand. Here on /r/apple, it's not that way at all. Everyone who voices satisfaction about an  product is made fun of, and called a shill, or suspected of astroturfing. But people who rave about Apple decline are seen as prophets. This might be controversial but I think that if you have only negative stuff to say, you shouldn't be on this sub. It would be better for everyone if you found a hobby that suits you better. Because some of us still enjoy Apple in spite of its shortcomings and all the negative comments, especially at each keynote, are so depressing they almost spoil everyone's fun. Sorry for the wall of text and my English, I'm not a native speaker. And thanks again to the mods. 
While you're at it. Instead of 40 billion I just got my airpods, my take Circle jerk thread should be squashed, too. Keep it to a couple megatheads over a couple weeks. 
I appreciate the hard work you guys put in, and also that you are willing to discuss changes with the community before implementing them. The issues you address cover the reasons I don't bother browsing this sub, so I hope your policy changes are successful in making it a more interesting place.  I'd like to suggest an alteration to Trial 1: No Name-Calling.  I think a 3 strikes policy would be better.  * 1^st strike - warning, comment deleted, no ban  * 2^nd strike - 1 week ban  * 3^rd strike -  within 1 month of 2^nd strike, then permanent ban, otherwise 1 month ban  I appreciate this might be more work to implement.   Edit: also, would you consider more lightly moderating threads with a [VENT] or [RANT] flair and more heavily moderating threads with a [DISCUSSION] flair, for example?
Might we trial adding [categories] prior to a title of the post to easily distinguish it? For example, a college student seeking feedback on what to buy must add the appropriate tag such as [BUYING] college student looking for ...  or news articles will be having [NEWS] or blogs [BLOG]
I think trial #3 should be amended to say that you can't beat the dead horse without offering some way to address the problem (e.g. You can say Siri sucks if you offer a way to improve it)
This is great! Thanks for doing the work for us and giving me a better experience hanging here.
Th amount of negativity and hate for Apple on this subreddit started to make me think Apple was losing they way. Then I started to ask around to my friends, family, co-workers... and realized Apple products are still their go to choice. The hate was really just on this subreddit and some attention grabbing news sites. Glad to see the mods will help clean up the constant bashing. Maybe we can get back to discussing the pro and cons like adults again. 
I'd like to do a trial run of the I went to the Genius Bar and had a great experience posts being removed. Apple advertises they have the best customer service in the industry, and every post sounds the same: My MacBook Pro was out of warranty, the graphics card started failing, then I asked a Genius and they swapped it for a fully-loaded 15 MacBook Pro with Touch Bar! Isn't Apple the best? 
I run a forum elsewhere and feel your pain 100%. Why are people so mean to each other on the internet?
By far one of the most toxic subreddits that I frequent so glad to see some action is being taken.
Finally.  I was ready to abandon this subreddit a month ago.  I used to visit it daily.  In the last month, I've been coming here only once a week.  Mods, even though it's not said often enough, we genuinely appreciate your efforts.
How about doing mega threads for new products, presentations etc? The countless I bought x and think it's great is clogging up the place.
With all respect to the mods decision, I personally love the courage comments. They always bring me a good laugh. I respect your decision to not allow them, but I will be sad to see them go.
This all sounds great. I fully support what you folks are suggesting. And I love this sub and you too. 
[deleted]
Thank you so much. 
I understand why you want to remove those repeated threads that complain about the same thing (although, if it's a repeated real complain it also helps bring attention to it). But after those come the exact opposite reaction threads about how awesome whatever is the thing that was complained about. And if the former are removed, so should the later.Are you also going to remove those I bought ___ and used it for 5 minutes and it's the best thing in the world threads as well?Because those are pointless positivity disguised as valid praise as well. And sometimes more than half the threads on the front page are from statements like that. It's the exact same thing as the critics.My point is, if you want to ban something, ban it both for the negative comments and for the positive ones as well. If you only ban the negative side, this will be unbearable.
Sounds really good. Ironically just the other day i was thinking that of all the subs I frequent and engage with this one is the most positive lol
Glad to see this, it didn't seem like a great place to post for a while. Lots of hate and down votes just for the sake of it and the same comments 1000's of times over. Keen to see how this changes the mood in here and if you need any help I'm happy to assist! 
I support these measures whole-heartedly. Sorry I didn't read the announcement earlier, but I've pretty much quit reading /r/apple for all the reasons mentioned. I'm very much looking forward to seeing the new rules in place, and hopefully joining a more enlightened, purposeful discussion here. 
Bravo! I often come here to celebrate something I've found in a device or operating system, something cool or neat and I go away defeated by comments that have nothing to do with the topic. I'm often embarrassed by the reception others get upon posting here. Please feel free to try some things to see if it works. Good luck. 
I'm just seeing this now, but this is a great idea. I don't know what's happened to this sub recently, but it feels like the majority of commenters aren't Apple fans or users and are just here to be negative. 
I'm on board. Message board, that is.*listens to crickets laughing hysterically 
There are two kinds of echo chamber; one where people echo similar experiences with the same **technical** issue, and one that needlessly echoes contempt for a brand. The former is valid, and importantly adds scale to an issue, the latter is a waste of everyones time. I only hope that distinction can be managed accordingly.Beating that proverbial dead horse only serves to drown useful feedback in a sea of white noise. The beatings should stop, but deleting the horse is like pretending a war never happened. Sure, the noise is gone, but so too are the great thoughts and ideas that may contributors have taken the time to thoughtfully convey. Lock the thread if you need to, but don't throw it away.Nobody wants to see childish name-calling, except the children calling the names. We won't miss them.The vapid meme is dead, long live the vapid meme.
As a moderator of a forum about consumer electronics, I have one tip for you: ban everything that's not really about Apple (Samsung's new phone, Microsoft new PC, etc.)There are spaces in Reddit to talk about them.We do that and it's fairly calm and civil and we have 1k active users every day!
I would propose that arguments about how product X on [Windows/Android/etc] is so much [cheaper/better/has more blinking lights/whatever] be restricted to a minimum.
> Trial 3: No More Beating the Dead Horse> This one is gonna be the most controversial, and that is why its a trial: we want to dramatically cut down on pointless negativity disguised as valid criticism. We feel strongly that comments shouldnt devolve into echo chambers, and we want to cut off the head. That means we will remove the entire thread if that's what the conversation devolves into.This should be more neutral in scope IMO.  Sure, the most obvious examples of things just being driven into the ground are low-content criticisms of Apple, but there are also a lot of low/no-content posts praising Apple, both by themselves or in response to good-faith critical posts. I mean you don't want to stifle people that want to have a discussion about things the critics may not have considered or want to offer useful alternatives, but that's not what stuff like Apple removed the floppy, they know what they are doing or I never use [feature] are.  A mindlessly positive circlejerk is almost as undesirable as a mindlessly negative one.
One thing you guys need to work on is the constant tech support shitposting that goes on with this subreddit. It's probably one of the most irritating things about /r/apple.Send them to /r/applehelp. Always.
Thank you for attempting this. There are lots of other places in Reddit and elsewhere to get your hate off. And in most cases it's emotion, lacking substantive evidence or rational. It's as if so many of us feel the need to piss on everyone else's comment just to mark our territory. Just be open and honest with us when you get it wrong or when we ask why you made a decision to censor. Good luck...
Thank you Mods, I have to agree after a while it does become tiring when every Apple fan website seems to be filled with people slagging off Apple for things like using USB C (an industry standard like) or for removing ports in the same way other companies are doing, like it get's ridiculous, especially when you can't post a valid inquiry or concern without someone mocking it for no reason other than It's Apple
Perhaps this won't be a popular opinion, but I think that /r/Apple is in better shape now than it was before.3-4 years ago it was impossible to criticise anything about Apple, or even say that you don't like something without being downvoted to the ground. At least that's what I've seen.I agree that the *anti-siri* and *bad-macbook-pro* and *apple-no-longer-develops-computers* circlejerks are obnoxious and should be dealt with.However there's also a lot of constructive criticism going on and admitting that there are problems and Apple isn't infallible. And that's very good and should be encouraged  because at least as I remember it  this wasn't here a few years ago and the subreddit felt like cult and was terrible.
No more courage posts? Awesome. I'm all for it. 
This is fucking awesome.  100% support it!  Things have been out of hand for a while and i think these are great suggestions to start with.
I'm glad for this, I used to visit the sub a lot to catch up on the latest news about Apple. I usually browse the iOS update threads as their is always a lot of constructive talk along the lines of hey, you can do this now and xyz is now really fast! But since the iPhone 7 was released in September I stopped visiting as much because most of the comments in threads were memes about headphone jacks or just people bitching and moaning about the same things over and over again. I'm hoping that this new initiative from the mods really does make a difference because I think this sub can be a really good place to talk about all things apple provided everyone keeps a level head.Sorry for formatting errors, I'm on mobile.
Thank you for this. I really enjoy this subreddit. It is one of the first and only places I actually comment or post. I've been on Reddit almost three years and never felt comfortable participating. This sub helped me engage. 
Oh, you mean negative attitudes like Hey guys I bought a new iMac!You're stupid.Hard drives are slow.  Is that what you mean?  Because if so, I get it.  Whatever happened to just being happy that someone else shares the same hobby you do?  Christ.
It's about time we addressed all these issues. Great move. Thank you for doing this. The negativity here sucks. Have you considered a 3 strikes rule for just outright banning anyone who can't be an adult here? Reasonable discussion are fine. Trolling, even Concern Trolling, should just be stamped out.**can we please include calling someone a fanboy as name calling?**
Thank you so much. I appreciate a mod team actually devoted to improving their spaces instead of just letting it devolve. And I think it falls on all of us to do our part.
Yes please. Well done mods. Thank you for all your hard work!
Sounds good to me. :)
Thank you!Seriously do whatever you feel you have to! I think what you're proposing now sounds like a great start!
I really appreciate all of the Mods for standing up to the ridiculousness of the seemly large amount of trolls. I haven't even bothered with talking about how much I love my MBR 2016 15 inch model as well as how generally I'm happy with the company still. The trolls are just waiting to attack with some copy/garbage.   
Good on ya!
I'm all for the three trials.
Pardon my ignorance, I'm not an advanced Reddit user, but why not just let it run its course? Is the community truly adversely affected by trolls? Does moderation of trolling and other such behavior actually do much to mold the community? I find myself simply skimming past it, but I also rarely post on Apple or other tech subs, so my community participation would likely be considered quite low.Maybe a mod or avid commenters would be best to answer, and maybe from some who rarely contribute, what do you think?
Thank you for what you do mods, I appreciate all of you, I know have been a childish little douche in the past, so thanks for not banning me. These new rules will definitely filter out most of the trolls, the name calling was definitely the worst IMO. 
Would you be open to adding more mods? I'm not interested in the position, but maybe more dedicated users would be able to take some of the load off. 
I haven't got a reply yet so I'l post this as a top level comment:Many are getting the idea that negative posts are te primary targets of this. Some see this as a good thing and some as a bad thing but the common thing is that few seem to be thinking this applies to positive posts eitherYou say there is a large negative attitude which can be seen as you saying there isn't also a large positive attitude.I mean look at most of the replies in this thread. They aren't being happy about getting rid of circlejerking, they're happy to be getting rid of negative circlejerking. Them mostly seeing that from your post must mean something right?When you mention beating the dead horse you only mention things that are veiled as criticism. You don't mention the repetitive customer support and airpod threads which fall into the same domain in my opinion.Can you see how from the perspective of some, you seem to mention negativity primarily which gives the idea that the negative circlejerk is to be removed and the positive is to stay. I mean you even say get and sometimes deserve criticism yet no mention of getting and sometimes deserving praise.All in all I can understand why people might see this as the mods starting to stifle negative opinions. I'm not saying that's what you're doing, only that it is easy to see where this impression comes from
I fully support your effort to keep this community strong!
As a non apple person that just wants to hear the other side of the conversation, this is a great step. 
It's true. Negativity is making tech less fun. Also the entitled attitude, like adding finally to all of engadgets posts. It's become much more common recently. 
I've got full faith in the mod team here. Thanks for being open. 
Thank you guys! I've been really hoping something like this would happen. If you need any help let me know.
I welcome this. I hate their new Macbook Pros, I'll be honest, but I am not here to spew shit about hating the company. Hell, I have been using a Macbook Pro for 6 years now and love the hell out of it. Same with my iPad. Apple is a big company, and while they don't do the same things they used to, they do know how to wow me still IE the Airpods. I don't see them dying, slowing down, or doing something that stupid. I just get frustrated sometimes when my computer is showing its age and I want to replace it with another Mac, but the new ones never seem to fit the needs this one perfectly did a couple years ago :( 
Can we have official /r/apple slack channel? It's free and it's a beautiful app with build in replies and sharing content/creating polls, etc.(PS. discord is filled with idiots) thanks! 
1 and 2 are pretty good. There's no reason to resort to personal attacks over differing opinions. Number 3 will only be controversial if negativity and criticism get mixed up repeatedly. As an Apple user, I would like to validly criticize a company when I think something they do is anti-consumer, without it being branded as....hate speech? I'm not sure of the correct term, but that's the closest thing that comes to mind. Just watch the users, look at their post history. If this rule is handled well, I think it'll be ok. 
Thank you. I've been having a hard time coming to this subreddit lately. 
Good
Someone buy these mods a medal and a beer. Thank you! The crazy negativity around here has gotten way out of hand. MacRumors didn't used to be such the shit-show it is today (back in the mid-2000's), and it was very heart-breaking to watch this place slowly devolve into that. Thank you mods!
Wow you mods have a lot of courage. I like that. 
This one is hard to counteract but I'm tired of browsing /new on this forum and seeing every post with a 0 points rating. I think a lot of people that aren't apple users just come here to down vote people because they assume we're all fanboys. That'd be like all of us going to a windows or Android reddit and down voting everything. It's childish.
I have never been happier to read any post on Reddit.  This is extremely welcome and I'm thrilled to learn this could return to being an enjoyable forum again.I've posted repeatedly over the years about the extremely negative troll base ruining this community.  I look forward to returning this sub to one I frequent regularly and can experience productive conversations in again. 
I'm a mod over at /r/hardware, and I gotta say rule #1 is going to work out very very well for this place.Seriously, when you can finally just kick out the bullshit and put a zero tolerance on ad hominem, you can start to really have great conversation. People that can't handle themselves and stay civil don't deserve to contribute. Simple as that. Either act like a civil adult, or watch from the sidelines. 
Has the team considered being more aggressive with link-flaring of submissions and [using CSS to set-up filters as an option](https://www.reddit.com/r/LinkFlairCssCodes/comments/1kmlo6/beginners_guide_for_setting_up_link_flairs_and/)? It won't really work for anyone who browses on mobile apps or uses their own custom CSS for the desktop site, but even just maybe making clear what kind of content is in a submission by a link-flair can be helpful. Rule #10 in the sidebar, about asking advice for buying or selling, may need either stricter enforcement or could be better covered by an all encompassing mega-thread for questions. Since subreddits can have 2 stickied threads at once, having a rotating sticky for common topics may be useful, or just outright saying no and directing people to other locations. For example, a weekly megathread for purchase questions may be useful, although other subreddits like /r/mac, /r/macbook, and /r/AppleWhatShouldIBuy fill the role, they don't get as much traffic.Perhaps enforcing some expectation for comment length maybe? 
I'm gonna unsub. I for one find much of the negativity valid, and am equally annoyed by the positivity dead horse (wow amazing experience with customer service). If we're merely going to silence certain sets of opinions without solving the full problem, I'm no longer interested.
Why do you need to trial any of this? Just do it. If you REALLY want to stop from burning yourselves out then just enact your rules and be done with it.Dipping your toes in the water does nothing. Just jump in and be done with it. The only people you are going to piss off are the offenders of your rules. The exact people we don't want causing problems here. Let them go back to MacRumors
I had messaged the mods just the other day about what feels like an excess of posts every time a new beta is released.   Unfortunately this can be multiple times per week.  The comments most of the time are little more than snarky boy, I hope they fix ________.It sure would be nice if posts about betas could all be sent to /r/applebetas or something like that.  
Frequent lurker and long time Apple fan... I've been pretty quiet on here with posts because Apple just isn't moving in a direction I like and I try to not be overly negative.My biggest issue with this sub lately has been the sheer volume of AirPod threads. It's toned down a little after the holidays... but holy christ. They're still appearing day after day and it's the same half a dozen threads over an over. DAE love their AirPods? Just got my AirPods!!! So excited!! Why are my AirPods so choppy? I thought they were dumb, but I love them! and Still haven't lost them yet.... LAWL!Oh... and over the holidays all those availability posts every 15-20 minutes that should have been combined into a megathread. Next time they do a big product launch, please megathread availability.
This is all ridiculous. Let the votes decide and let people have fun arguing about Apple.Cmon. You're taking it WAY too seriously. You're going to have brain aneurysm before you're 20.
Could you also remove ALL tech support threads please (without exceptions), automatically if possible.
I welcome Your efforts to keep this subreddit a civilized place. Because it still appears to be far more civilized than many other forums out there in the wild wild web.
  If your loathing is most directly tied to the moderation work load you had, it's not going to get any lighter with *more* moderation. A strong sense of self-importance is causing the issue. It's an internet problem, not a Reddit problem exclusively. The internet gives individuals a soap box medium and nurtures it. The rest happens organically and this is what manifests. Apple helped put that ability into everyones pockets. In a sense these products are your own worst enemy. When the portal to anarchy is sitting in your hand, this is what inevitably spews forth. Anyone can login and project themselves unto you. You can't contain it. You can only decide how big a dent you want to make and how much work you're willing to do to make it. Good luck! 
I'm glad that you had the courage to stand up to your user base. So many mods are pushovers. Thank you.
I think I'm still confused, maybe more now than ever before, about what this sub *is* for.When I first arrived (about a year ago) and asked when to expect an update on the laptop I was looking for, I got my head bitten off... so apparently the sub isn't for that.When I then posted about being excited to get a 13 MB w/ TB, I was criticized for not having enough things to use it for . . . so it's not a sub for supporting products or being excited for announcements.When I have since posted about really liking the rMB I wound up purchasing, I've gotten down voted for that . . . so it's not a sub for bonding over a shared user experience.And any time anybody asks for advice regarding what to buy, they're directed to a sub for buying advice. So, it's not a sub for that.Best I can figure . . . it's supposed to be a sub for posting articles to apple-related news? And then people either get torn apart for saying they're looking forward to the products announced in said articles (as described earlier in this comment, as well), or people complain that they're not seeing the changes they *wanted*, and everything devolves to fighting.So, I am genuinely curious, what is this sub's intended purpose?
You mods think you're gods or something. 
You guys are really stepping up, taking the reigns, and not letting peoples cynicism affect you. That takes courage, congrats. 
I'm glad you guys are willing to try things to improve the sub. That said, what does your third trial even refer to? Can you give an example like a link to something you'd remove? All I think I understand is that if someone makes valid criticism, then others repeat it and make it an echo chamber, you'll cut the thread from the top? 
Apple I got an propposision fore You.------__-I know you make mac's and Iphone's, but have we ever considered a gaming console. If i think about it you can be like nintendo, but I want you to be like sony's new rival (since microsoft is a disapointment)__-__-Ofcourse it's up to you what you wanna do with this. (but don't be comming running late on me         I think this can be BIG!) ----
You might regret your decision when you remember that anyone can make a subreddit without censorship and steal subscribers from you. But it's your sub, your rules, am I right?
MAKE /R/APPLE GREAT AGAIN!Oh shit this wil probably get me banned, hehe. Anyways, I agree with the new rules and I hope it really works both ways as you've stated (Product x is soo good or iPhone saved my momma's life threads are annoying as wel).
Y'all should check out how /r/3dshacks run things. I think it would be a good platform for how to manage this subreddit. Making use of auto-moderators is almost a must for any large sub nowadays if we want to keep things clean & civilized. 
- Trial 1: Excellent- Trial 2: Yep, sounds like a good idea- Trial 3: Dangerous territory, IMO
Finally. I wholly support this.
It's all too often that the toxic behavior of others slowly creeps into our communities and quickly destroys what others have worked tirelessly to build.  I've not been here very long and have not seen many of these behaviors that you've listed(on this sub anyway) but they all seem like excellent changes to keep the community fresh and alive.
This is a good one! It would be great if you guys put this into the subreddit. It's going to look more cleaner and more friendly to post something 
Have you asked mods of other subs that have similar issues how they have dealt with it? 
Trial 1 shouldn't even be a trial, if you don't know how to have a conversation without name calling, you should get a ban period. People should be allow to complain about there products and the way they (should) behave. Probably make a single post where people can leave their feelings there and in that single post make a list of all the bigger complains. That way people still can express themselves but at same way in a more control environment without compromising the subreddit to everyone else. 
As long as FanDroid doesn't count as name calling 
1. Am I no longer allowed to reply with You're a towel. Because that's fun. And pretty silly. 2 & 3: awesome. I'm also loving the fact that sub-comments get their scores hidden. I do have a suggestion though. I know you can't control mobile...but can we trial removing the down vote button for a while? It works amazingly well for some private subs I'm on (who invite random people). Down voting really sucks for morale. Especially when people are *trying* to contribute but, because it doesn't fit the hive mind narrative, it gets buried in a sea of down votes. 
This is my feeling exactly. I don't mind legitimate criticism and personal distaste for things that Apple does, but letting the community turn into a cesspool of circlejerking hate just destroys it. For instance, I feel uncomfortable posting positive thoughts about my use of the iPad Pro as a MB replacement here because I know that I'm going to be bombarded with posts about how iOS isn't a real operating system because it has no user accessible file system and you can't write code on it. Should I feel awkward about sharing my experience with the iPP on an Apple fan subreddit?
[I think I have an idea why MacRumors and Apple discussions on Reddit tend to be a cesspool..](https://www.google.com/search?q=Samsung+fined+for+paying+students+for+fake+reviews)
Right on. Do what must be done Lord Mod(s).
I came here right now because someone linked here from Macrumors. I'm glad someone is cracking down on it. I think I'll stick around and see if you're better than Macrumors (shouldn't be hard).
Or Slashdot. Or Digg. Or /r/technology. Or...it's a long list of failed exercises.The key here is moderation, in setting a tone that isn't too Kool-Aid drinking and isn't too laisez-faire. Finding that balance is going to be tricky.
[deleted]
I get downvoted on seemingly innocuous things or called an idiot. I recently got downvoted for suggesting that, if apple continues its trend, apple watch series three won't be out till fall 2018 (he wanted to know if he should wait for apple series 3) . I guess that upset some people?i also got yelled at because i apparently, usb ports on the apple TV should *only* be used for diagnostics... suggesting that they can be used for anything else makes you old apparently... streaming is the only option nowadays (i got kind of negative myself after a while, i just can't understand this logic. streaming is nice but sometimes you just need a physical connection)either case, your really not alone. 
My guess is that the tipping point was MLK day. Some of the comments from here (and on MacRumors) was a nightmare. 
Seriously. I got downvoted and flamed a lot around here for the last 6 months becuase I was trying to explain apple's philosophy in the decisions they made. This is significant, because I have a crapton of karma, and at least a THIRD of it comes from /r/Apple, and I consider myself a helpful member of this community. It's insane to me that for the last 4 years I loved this subreddit, but the last 6 months have been FILLED with negativity, the likes if which I have never seen anywhere except macrumors.
That's a good example. We don't need the same complaints daily, especially when it's generally posted for low-hanging karma and circlejerking.
Oh my god the Siri posts.Today I said this to Siri and it didn't work is not a front paged post we need every day.
>Siri is shit!>...so is all the other voice recognition services...>..Yeah.. but *SIRI IS SHIT*!\- These conversations, in a nutshell.
hey, we can say it's actually probably in the top 4! not many people have an entire engineering team of a fortune 100+ company dedicated to personal AI assistant development.
It's an interesting comparison, as the Android sub is much, much more tightly moderated that we do here.For example in /r/android EVERY single self post is removed when posted, and manually checked by a moderator and approved if it meets the rules. Whereas here posts are only removed if we see something breaking the rules. /r/Android is also much more strict about questions - no questions regarding technical support or purchasing are allowed whatsoever. Then there's also far stricter rules regarding posting original sources, and a more strict policy on removing anything which is a repost.Of course, that alone doesn't shape the discussion which occurs within threads, and /r/android is quite lucky at the moment that much of the discussion is very reasonable and civilised, but it's not always. 
I also love the android sub for their sticky discussions. They're always really good to read and always well populated with comments!
I'm going to assume you're talking about Shenaniganz08 who's one of the most dedicated trolls on this subreddit. Hopefully he'll get banned now.
> Just recently I had someone cover up using grade school insults like dummy by editing it out of their comment, despite me showing actual evidence. All the petty name calling stuff does is dig a deeper hole.Just an alternate theorycouldn't their editing insults out of their comment be more charitably interpreted as regretting their initial reaction and toning it down? That's kind of why comments are editable at all
> Just recently I had someone cover up using grade school insults like dummy by editing it out of their comment, despite me showing actual evidence.What do you mean by this? They first said dummy but then edited it out?
> Anyone claiming they may not come here often so therefore don't see them must not come here at all then. There are approx 400,000 subscribers. I doubt any significant portion read every post daily or weekly. 
Courage drives me crazy. It's rarely used in a post that's worth reading.
>Every time I see courage it basically translate to I'm better and you're stupid, I'm too closed minded for a serious discussionWhile it is really annoying, I think the shitty memes come from a place of frustration, not condescension, which I can empathize with. But I agree, I'm really hoping this rule will improve the quality of the comment section.
The courage meme was used constantly on /r/Apple and /r/technology in similar fashion. That says something about this sub. 
I think it is *courageous* that the mods are addressing the above issues. I came here from MR for a multitude of reasons, but mostly to escape the I'm better and you're stupid mentality of those forums, and it's been sad to seen this place descend into the cesspit MR is. Kudos mods for taking action and cleaning this place up.
this is YOU projecting your own definition onto what courage is saying.Apple set the stage for its use when they clearly and concisely used that one word in their speech. People saying courage are turning it around on Apple to show how much they are against the decisions Apple has made.This is a perfectly valid practice when people have something to protest against.
I tend to agree. The problem however is that you're not going to please everyone. For the Apple kool-aid drinkers, any hint of criticism for the company is too much. For the haters and trolls, heavy moderation is just stoking the belief that Apple users will blindly follow whatever they are told by Apple. For those of us who don't fall into either 'side' (people who use Apple products because they are the right tool for their needs), We come here for balance, we come to see if people are having faults as much as to see if there are killer features that we've missed. We come to find out the latest news and info on the upcoming products. Having the good and the not so good helps to inform us of where Apple as a company are in the moment.Sure, get rid of the name calling and the outright trolling, but don't go too far. This sub needs the balance of opinion.
[deleted]
So specifically, what changes would you like to see made? What parts of the suggestions are you happy with, and what parts would you prefer not to happen?
Shouting at each other into an ether that the company doesn't pay attention to isn't going to help. Have you posted feedback to Apple itself?
I agree, free speech shouldn't be bothered. I think we have a right to positive opinions and negative ones, but there's a way to exhibit them in a mature and proper manner. A day or so ago, there was a post praising Apple's customer service, someone commented it seems as though they only go the extra mile for you when you have AppleCare, I concurred extensively and I got downvoted like crazy. After that, no matter what I said, what compromises I made (calling them still good, better than other companies... just not great), I received downvotes and backlash no matter what. Although I do agree that the name-calling and childish insults must come to a halt, I do think there should be a gateway to have negative and positive insights on this sub so long as we say it respectfully and maturely. If someone says, lol new iPhone suck bc it no have headphone jack... then yeah, they deserve to be penalized somehow. If they have a constructive, elaborate, mature, proper notion as to why so-and-so isn't that great of a product... I think that person should be backed by free speech. While I do feel that some of the negative posts on here can be childish and immature, I also think that no matter how maturely and respectfully you exhibit your negative two cents regarding Apple, you'll receive heaps of hate and backlash. That kind of ad hominem also has to stop. Edit: Underlines didn't appear, had to change them to so-and-so.
I think what they are trying to get at is that posting criticism is ok. Posting a negative experience you had to promote discussion is ok. Constantly whining about the same issue with no intention of discussion, and then resorting to name calling in the comments that disagree with you is not a good thing. And that happens in this sub frequently enough that they had to take a stand. They aren't stifling free speech, they are just asking for a more mature approach I think. 
If it's constructive and isn't just ranting, we likely won't care if it's been mentioned before.
Agree. Happened to me lately. Wrote a long post, got somehow stuck in the banning bot. Never got an answer from the mods. 
We stay subscribed to this sub to stay on top of all things Apple, not to hear people complain about the same things over and over.  We aren't your complaint desk.  That's what Facebook and Twitter is for.
I would suggest an alternating one week vent sticky, next week gushing praise/circlejerk sticky. There's a time and a place for both, and the conversation needs to happen somewhere. Places like r/technology aren't the places for it. It's better to read criticism from people who *usually* love Apple. Also, a longer lasting new product release thread? It was great to see a lot of 'AirPods are magic posts' but they lingered for weeks. Contrary to what a lot of people are saying, I've had fairly pleasant experiences commenting here. 
> Reasonable users with well thought out criticisms of Apple could be hesitant to comment in what is perceived to be a Apple love fest.I agree with your comment and especially this part The apple subreddit should be about discussing apple news good and bad I've seen the mods do both these things * Create a megathread for Apple removing headphone jack, citing same repeated subject * Refuse to create a megathread when every 3rd post is praising AirPods If the userbase is willing to upvote negative posts, then that's what the userbase wants 
A thousand times, this. All larger subreddits experience a drastic loss of quality as they get popular. I try not to be an elitist, but Reddit makes it hard. It isn't a new thing, Usenet famously had 'Ethernal September', but the popularity, ease of making an account on Reddit, and the limited amount of moderation resources make Reddit worse than average outside of small or tightly moderated areas.
You also see reactionary subreddits to it. /r/wholesomememes was started to combat the insane negativity on reddit over the last 6 months. I will say that some subreddits got hit MUCH harder than others.
Oh yeah, I'm with you there. I've been spending more time on Voat (downvotes incoming?), and there are plenty of polarized opinions but with great discussions throughout the community. Low-value comments are sparingly upvoted, and I think that has to do with the fact that every community has strict rules, but different values for each group. The result is that, every community that you visit is like going into a new country. I think these rules will have a very good impact for this sub, and at worst, they might find out some more effective ways to promote positive criticism. Mods, stay vigilant!
That's where you're right, kiddo. 
Thank you for not unsubbing. We need wholesome folk like you around these parts. Keep up the good work!
Completely agreed, friendo.
agreed 
You're underwhelmed. Not all of us agree. And based on the incredible sales for the quarter of it, I'd say you're in the minority's view. 
> I think Reddit's downvote/upvote system has done a good job filtering comments on many subs.I wish this were the case, but constant circlejerks that stifle conversation say otherwise.
Agree, thanks a lot for your efforts!
That's what you believe? That that's the number one criticism?  It's demonstrably false based on the fact that posts trashing Apple often end up with insanely unbelievable +600 or even in the plus thousands, while the most a positive post or comment gets is a few hundred in the positive.There have been numerous threads about how toxic this sub gets every time Apple has a new release of anything, due to the flood of hate.  In fact, the surface pro announcement posts here got in the near thousand up vote range for weeks.. it was insane and clearly astroturfing.This comment sounds to me like that's an environment you're ok with, and almost implies you'd dislike it returning to a healthy community. Why wouldn't r/Apple expect the same level of pro platform views and posts that that R android has? I don't see fifteen 'boy apple sure is way better than android' posts over in that sub every day.  In fact, if I were a betting man, 95% of them are posts right now about: how awesome the newest hardware on android is, how amazing all the newest beta features of android are, or how the only bad androids are those that deviate from 100% pure all Google experience.  Yet what I don't see is a single 'why the pro android circle jerking?' comment.
Couldn't agree more. Seems to me like moderators are such die-hard Apple fans that they can't bare to read criticism, so they'll curate this sub appropriately. It'll turn into censorship.
No offense at all, but this place was a *lot* easier to moderate when it was 80,000 people. It's become increasingly difficult to moderate once we hit around 300,000 subscribers.
I feel the exact opposite. Meme posts/comments are just obnoxious and bring the maturity of the discussion down a lot. I'd rather that bullshit stick to /r/funny or something.
I agree. Let the voting decide this. Just think, where would we be without Safari seems snappier!???That's not a world I want to live in.
Sometimes I wonder if people who are so upset by the courage/you're holding it wrong meme are only upset because it's about Apple.I'm completely fine with seeing those memes go away, but only if we start getting rid of memes about other devices, such as the Note 7 explosion jokes.In other words, this has to be a two way street, otherwise it just looks like a Don't speak bad about Apple rule. 
Really?  I don't find the same joke funny the SECOND time.The point is the jokes DISTRACT from discussion.  They are low effort and karma based.
Let's take Siri for example.Constructive criticism for example would be something like: Siri isn't that great right now, it'd be cool if she could do x and x. Apple should probably also focus on x because this doesn't really work when you use her.Circlejerk criticism would be more something like: Siri fucking sucks, she's a piece of shit who can't do anything at all and everyone fucking knows it. Steve Jobs would be rolling in his grave.
We're still trying to officially define that. But in my mind, constructive criticism is something that invites discussion and isn't just mindless complaining. Especially if the criticism has already been covered in another popular thread.
But some people do. And it is definitely Apple related. It totally belongs. Would you say that r/earthporn should ban images that contain snow because you have too much of it outside and you're gettin' tired of that shit?  Not everyone wants to see snow. Some people want to build sand castles and go skinny dipping. 
That's just untrue. I was writing emails to a friend about how terrible all the AirPod posts here were. For a week straight it was endless 'Apple ripping u off!' and 'y u buy stoopid things look like feminine products?' Posts and comments. I was in numerous debates educating people about the W1 chip and all the benefits, while I got called every name in the book for disagreeing.It wasn't for a full week after the announcement people started pushing back. And usually based on learning the same facts Apple had provided at the announcement. Same for the macbook thing. And the iPad Pro announcement posts. Every time, it took a full week or two before posts stopped being 95% negative trash talking based on outright misrepresentations or total distortions.
Please report offending submissions.
This attitude quite frankly sucks.  It's the reason that people who are critical of Apple or an Apple product are simply dismissed as being one of these determined Apple haters you describe.  I've been accused as such by many a blind Apple supporter despite the fact that I own a MacBook Pro, iPhone, iPad, and Apple Watch.  Heaven forbid I be upset that I can't upgrade my iPhone now without losing my headphone jack or my MacBook Pro without losing my HDMI, USB-A, SD, and magsafe without being told I'm just an Apple hater.
This is a bit dramatic; Apple isn't making decisions based on the comments in this subreddit 
I agree. I'm the first to dive in with concerns and criticism. In no way do we want to censor valid criticism.
I agree. Calling Apple names doesn't hurt their feelings or make them not want to make better products, and it sure as hell doesn't hurt my feelings people speaking negatively about my phone. The complaints are far more useful the wow how great is this!!!
We won't be censoring anything. And not a chance in hell Apple would have someone involved here to defend themselves.
We may do that soon, but we just added several a few months ago. We have enough people for the actual work - it's more a matter of encouraging a change in tone. New mods would hate what they see behind the scenes here, believe me.
I actually like this idea, but it shouldn't be interpreted as an attack on the current mods. Extra help for the current active mods could actually be a great idea to lighten the load, reduce burn-out, and increase morale by introducing more fellows the mods can relate to. 
I think that would be a good option and may well be an outcome from this brainstorming.
Yeah, I want to feel safe in my bubble and never hear about other people's opinions either. 
There is an official /r/airpods subreddit. Just go there
> N.3 is very controversial. Do I want to see 3 threads per day about Siri suckage? No, I'd rather not. But there are reasons why it happens, and simply blanketing away these threads will just disaffect significant parts of the community. Maybe you could consolidate topics more aggressively (e.g. redirecting to one sticky Siri sucks thread), which would leave people free to vent without clogging the Hot queue.I'm hoping they use it to get the counter-argument threads under control, tbh.  If someone posts about how much trouble they had with a particular Siri issue, say, then you have a half-dozen competing threads in short order along the lines of, Siri is really awesome and just works, amirite guys?And the downvote brigades when people see something they don't like.  Sometimes it really is counterproductive, imho.  If someone complains that, say, some complex sentence was completely misunderstood by Siri, to stay on the subject.  Maybe all the comments admonishing the person for even thinking an AI could handle that are all high.  If the readers in the thread are the right crowd, saying that Google Now handles it okay might go over well, or it might lead to a brigade of negative votes.  *For saying that, hey, guys, the competition can handle this one just fine.*I'm *hoping* the folks over at Apple pay attention to forums like this one because if it's really true that Apple, unlike their competitors, doesn't do the AI conferences, that's something they can fix in their culture.  Having it come up here means that people out in the real world have noticed.  And if they fix that part of their culture, that's a net win.  They fixed their culture in a big way just by bringing Steve and NeXT into the fold years ago, and selectively embracing open source and open standards; they've shown an ability to change if they need to.
Just to jump in on this, /u/metalhaze summed it up very well. Negative views are fine, and are just as welcome as positive ones, as long as the post is constructive.Apple SUCKS, this macbook is CRAP!!!!!11!!!onetyoneevelenone!!1 NEVRr buying apple agaiN!!!!! - Will be removedI bought this laptop, X, Y, and Z are great, but I've been having issues with A, B or C, I think 1, 2 and 3 would be beneficial to improving the experience... etc - Good post, won't be removed.
You can have critical thoughts. But what the mods are asking you to do is be constructive. Like you have to actually stop and think about what you are going to say and offer up healthy debate.Stomping your feet and saying Apple sucks...this computer sucks...Siri sucks and offering up no suggestions or counterpoints is just you whining and no one wants to hear it.It's pretty easy. This isn't rocket science.
Or direct them to the correct /r/applehelp sub-reddit to post their question
I see it's place as a light-hearted jab. A light mockery/meme of sorts.It gets irritating when it's used to shut down a discussion though.
you can downvote anyone who says it.
I thought this was the whole point of reddit in the first place. 
If they're not careful, the audience that the mods want may leave while the audience for the circle jerk would take over. 
This. Number 1 makes complete sense and I'm surprised it's just now being implemented. 2, and 3 are useless. If those posts are getting seen and upvoted, it's because people like them.
That method isn't working 
I like your alternative ban ideait strikes me as a bit less harsh than the one put forth by the mods.
Absolutely. Offering suggestions as to how to improve, or how to solve a problem is a big factor in differentiating between a useful thread and a moaning/rant post.
But there doesn't need to be a thread about it every other day. As is the norm around here. *That* is beating a dead horse, regardless of any suggestions made by the poster. 
Does that mean by the same token we should remove all the posts where someone went to the Genius Bar and didn't get a free replacement?
Anonymity, it's very easy to disassociate the username from another person.  A text post from a user on the internet doesn't fit what people normally think of as a person.It's why so many people consider things like music piracy or movie piracy not stealing too, because it doesn't fit into the preconceived notion of theft they have.
You must not be visiting many 
I couldn't agree more.
[deleted]   ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.7198  > [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/32714)
Bringing new mods on board is definitely something we may consider. We'll make a post about it should we decide to do so.
We have two Aussie mods who work really hard!
You probably see about 5% of that shitposting. The rest is removed, just FYI.
I see it as more that there are certain products in Apple's lineup we just can't recommend in good faith. An example would be a 4K iMac since it only has integrated graphics and a spinning HDD. To be fair, maybe the owner is a light user and it won't ever be a problem, but we are also concerned that it might ultimately result in a poor user experience for the owner, and translate to a negative impression of the Apple brand overall. We just want the best for the user, that's all. 
without moderation, any user who has anything remotely constructive to say will be pushed out by the trolls and go elsewhere. that's how i ended up here. the forums at apple related sites devolved quickly as they became overrun by apple haters. 
That's basically what they had been trying, and it was just becoming increasingly negative.  Which is fine if that's what you want your community to be, there's a place for people to get together and just complain.  That's not supposed to be here though.  
that is most likely a bot
Sorry to see you go.
How would you solve the full problem?
So it looks like the trial is already accomplishing it's goal then of removing a lot of the negativity.  I would recommend giving it a check out in a month or so to see if the community improved, unless you just wanted a place to complain about apple products.  In which case, you have a wealth of choices.  

Couldn't agree more. Rip off the band-aid and let's make this place decent again.
While we won't remove ALL posts about betas, as they're relevant content for this sub, we should make more of an effort to remove reposts and threads on the exact same content/topic.
So we end up with fewer, better subscribers. That's a compromise I think I can live with. 
No, you absolutely shouldn't. And it's a shame. Our iPads work great for us in our fields of work, we are enthusiastic about our tablets, and should be able to discuss how we can get more done on our iPads without being trolled by users. Imagine the irony! People telling me the iPad can't be used for real work. When I already am!
Oh yeah I absolutely know what you mean. I've actually lost interest in discussing my new MBP16 because of the toxicity that just sweeps against you when you have the audacity to say you like that laptop. Happy to finally something being done against the hatejerk.
Agreed. I get that certain products won't satisfy certain use cases. My iPad won't do some of the things my MacBook Pro can. My AirPods won't be the audiophile, noise-isolating headphones some other headphones might be. But we should be able to talk about the iPad Pro or the AirPods without half the comments saying Acshually, Pros could never use an iPad. I guess if all you do is go on FaceBook then it's fine for you but I'm a pro who needs a real computer. 
You shouldn't feel uncomfortable about that. I'm pretty that's the reason Apple is dropping the MBA.
[I just wrote](https://www.reddit.com/r/ipad/comments/5p1h44/somebody_with_their_feet_in_two_worlds_which_is/dcpfqng/) about my experience with the iPad Pro as a laptop replacement on another post. It's definitely doable, and you *can* write and execute code on it, with the [Swift Playgrounds](https://appsto.re/us/eHUj2.i) and [Codea](https://appsto.re/us/Jl1mA.i).
I appreciate this kind of info. I've often thought I should have bought an iPad over a MacBook and posts with personal examples with discussion would have probably tilted my decision. 
I think a lot of the backlash regarding the iPad Pro is more out of fear that Apple will replace Mac's with iOS devices thus power users will be left high and dry without an option other than moving to Windows or looking at a *NIX/*BSD.
The iPad pro kicks ass and does everything *you* want it to do so don't b afraid to post away when it comes to stuff like that; plenty of people will have genuine positive or negative critiques. I've noticed things getting progressively more toxic lately so this is a welcome change. I'd rather see, for example, I disagree, Apple should have at least left the MagSafe port in the new MB/MBP's, than, Are you retarded for not missing the MagSafe? Fuck Apple, you pussy! I see it taking a month or two to really set in because it'll take some time for the trolls to give up, but I'm excited for that to happen.
That might account for some, but not all the negative comments. I spend a fair amount of time at Macrumours and I find that the passion, the anguish behind their criticism simply can't be bought or faked. I believe that it is partly due to legitimately upset long-time Apple fans who feel they are being left behind by Apple. Cracks are appearing at Apple and it's anyone guess whether these cracks are by design or a sigh that Apple is losing the plot. 
So like Samsung to pay for something they could get for free.
I mean that kind of thing will always happen when it comes to online forums. I think what's important to remember is that everyone here who has a vested interest in their Apple products also wants to get the most out of them. Sometimes when people get less than what they expected (either by their own fault or the fault of Apple) they come to the only place they feel they can vent and be heard by other people who will understand what they are going through and possibly get help from someone who has a workaround. The part about *beating a dead horse* in this post makes sense but at the same time the argument could be made for the other side of the debate. Meaning when one person complains and then the top replies are simply, Well I don't have that problem. It accomplishes nothing for the conversation just as much as the other comments about courage.When I complain about my Apple products, it's not because I want to see them fail, it's because I want them to do better. If it sounds like a broken record or like I'm beating a dead horse, it's probably because the issue has been around long enough for the complaints to continue (for example, Apple still won't let users pick their own default map/navigation app, so I will continue to complain about the unresolved issues I have with the app). Then add on top of that the fact that literally anyone can make an account and post something, means that there's always going to be some opinions on here that you won't agree with. You just kinda have to agree to disagree and move on. Comments on this sub literally cannot hurt anyone. 
I agree. Being better than Macrumours is a pretty low bar to clear at this juncture. 
Everyone telling you you should hate something you actually like **has** to have a negative impact on your mood. 
I had actually stopped looking at the subreddit at all for this reason, it was just becoming a community I had no desire to engage with.Happened to look at the subreddit earlier today and saw this post at the top, I am really glad it's being addressed.  
It's especially bad around times when Apple releases something new. I don't know if it's just that new things happening attracts people from outside the sub to come in and shit on things they don't like but I often have to abandon the sub for a few days before and after there's some big announcement. 
Yeah, but a lot of you guys consider valid criticism negativity. 
Oh dear. What happened on MLK day?
Does it go both ways though? The Siri can't do this bandwagon posts are just as bad as the OMG I bought airpods too lemme get some karma posts.
Thank you! I'm so tired of the Siri bashing circle jerk. Does she have problems? Yes, of course. But no one seems to even want to have a discussion about it. I've replied to many of the posts bashing her by asking for more specifics, or giving my own experiences, and I either get downvoted to oblivion, or completely ignored.
We also don't need the same compliments/praise daily - it goes both ways. 
I think that's a great way of distinguishing it: if your complaint was posted just yesterday, then it doesn't need another post today, and thus should be removed.
As a mod, can you please stop constantly saying circlejerking?  I mean you make your own points look nullified.  
Adding on to this, there are subreddits dedicated to this topic.r/Siri & r/SirifailIf this is your primary interest in making a post or discussion, these are great places to take the queries to.
We should just have a monthly Siri complaint thread 
True.On the other hand, given that Amazon's Alexa has become almost mainstream and almost a standard, and is IMO far more reliable that Siri, it's definitely worth talking about why and what Siri can do to improve. Which is a more substantive conversation than Siri sucks, of course.  
Sometimes they're pretty funny. ;-)
Can we start removing easily searchable support questions too? I know it's already a rule but I see so many My charger broke, will Apple fix it? I broke my iPhone screen where do I replace it? posts. Also the I'm going to Android posts, okay just sell your phone, I don't think everyone needs a 6 paragraph rant on the downfall of Apple.
I wonder if the mods and subscribers of that sub see the irony...
Interesting point nymph view. Basically stuff IS happening, I just don't see it. Thanks for the reply and thank you for the great job you guys do. 
Hey, I think stricter rules about respectfulness are good, but I do think that your weekly threads about support on this subreddit are a VERY good thing. It's nice to have the weekly app recommendation, support, and purchase advice threads. I think variety, when it's held in check so as not to overwhelm discussion, is a great thing.
They tightly moderate self posts, self posts are automatically going first to the mod queue, THEN some of the most interesting ones approved, you should do the same, I think we can do without constant tech support self posts here, what i'm trying to say is, nothing of value will be lost if you remove all self posts automatically.
I turned on that moderating style for /r/Clemson, and it's reduced the moderation workload a TON. You guys might benefit from giving it a try. 
That's because the Android Reddit community has been expanded to more subs. There's /r/AndroidQuestions for self-posts with questions, /r/PickAnAndroidForMe for purchase advice, /r/GooglePlayDeals for the app store promotions, and much more./r/Apple is less specific of a sub. People post about Macs, iPhones, earphones, the App Store, etc.
Related to questions the android probably don't allow it because there is a subreddit AndroidQuestions the same way there is a AppleHelp subreddit, all the questions should be redirected to that subreddit. 
That's because android is better 
He doesn't fare well at all on r/Android either. He's a troll in both subs. 
No comment...
Well it'd be nice if there weren't other people making troll accounts with extremely similar usernames...
If they actually apologise that could be believable. 
Yes. Then kept denying it after I clearly called them out. Worst of all, this all started because he himself accused thread OP of trying to get away with editing his post. Lol. Ultimately my point is the name calling whether it's immature bs like dummy or more targeted like apple apologist only serves to divide even further and create more animosity. 
Yeah but there are easily daily Siri posts.
Yeah because it's spreading around the apple hater community. There's a reason it's called a meme...
This is one of the most well-stated comments in this thread.  I'm exactly where you are, not falling into either side.  I really do like Apple and what they do, but they're not infallible.  I want to see and hear both sides.  I come here every single day and am honestly somewhat shocked to hear that some see that there is a problem.  
You realize that kool-aid drinkers *is* name calling, right?
Suppressing negativity and complaints sets a very dangerous precedent.Just saying. Do not do that.
I just want to throw an idea where I think a mod will see it. Piggybacking on Suns_Out_Buns_In's thoughts.I think if you want to clean up the conversation you should consider banning all low effort posts, not just the negative ones. Take for example, Siri complaint posts. One of the mods has stated that Siri complaint posts are exactly the sort of post they would like to see less off.I personally don't think they add much, but I don't mind them that much either.  People are just expressing their frustration with a feature that hasn't kept up with the market. Those posts certainly don't add any less than the Airpods are awesome posts that also seem super common. Would those be allowed still?If Airpod praise is allowed, but Siri Complains are not, I don't see how the claim of were not in the market of blindly defending Apple can be made.  Because I think they're too sides on the same low effort dead horse coin.
What if it's a constructive rant?
Looking back ate your post history, nearly every post of yours was removed manually by us because they violated rules 7 or 10. We apologize for the slow responses regarding your modmail, but there were legitimate reasons for the removals of your submissions.
To add to this, whenever any of my posts have been stuck in the filter the mods have never replied to my messages either. If they break the rules in any way they must just think a reply isn't needed...
YES. We do weekly Sunday rant/vents in /r/Android (I'm a subscriber, not a mod):https://www.reddit.com/r/Android/comments/5qtbga/sunday_rantrage_jan_29_2017_your_weekly_complaint/?ref=search_posts&utm_source=iftttActually really nice. People vent, people commiserate, some help, it's constructive. 
That's right. One of the problem of this sub is that there is very very little discussion. It's either 10 posts like  X product is just awesome without any real discussion, just praising, which is particularly annoying. I know you like Apple stuff, there's no need to have like 20 posts about it on the first page.   r/Android is such a great sub because everyone is different because of the so many different android phones and experiences and yet everyone is like the others because we all love technology and its development, so we like to create a great a big, constructive community.  This is what this sub need, acknowledging others' qualities and using them as a way of improving while discussing intelligently, and learn to criticize when it is needed without generating useless flame.
So because I'm in the minority my opinion should be silenced? 
Or you could try reading the entire post, because it's clear that you didn't.
I also massively respect this. I'm not a hater. I want to see this place flourish.
>I'm completely fine with seeing those memes go away, but only if we start getting rid of memes about other devices, such as the Note 7 explosion jokes.Bingo.  This only works if the mods enforce it equally.
Thing is, it's may be the second time for you.  It isn't for everyone.  Not everyone browses this sub all the time.
Is that so we don't hurt Siri's feelings?Constructive criticism is fine and dandy when it comes to giving someone feedback they can act on.  But when we're kibitzing about a feature behind Apple-proper's back (and I assure you, Apple doesn't make decisions based on what gets posted or said in this subreddit), then it's a bit less useful.
A while ago (and it still may be a thing, but I haven't seen it in forever), there was a rule about not complaining about something unless you had a hashtag for it, so people could actually do something, instead of just claiming that they put in a feedback directly to apple. Often times, to then ask Where can I submit feedback when someone calls them on it.
> But some people do. And it is definitely Apple related. It totally belongs.No, it does not.  If I come in here asking what Mac to buy, I am not asking for a hack.There is a dedicated subreddit for Hackintoshes.  If you TRULY believe what you are saying, then I should go to Hackintosh and tell people to consider a real Mac when they are SPECIFICALLY asking what Hackintosh to build.See?A Hackintosh is NOT an Apple computer.  It is a NON APPPLE computer with OSX stuffed onto it.All stuff on Earth that is natural is EarthPorn.  **No Hackintosh** is an Apple.Think about it for 5 seconds. 
There's already a sub for that. r/hackintosh 
That's cool if people wanna build a hacknitosh, but [these comments have no substance.](https://www.reddit.com/r/apple/comments/5lyxnh/capitulation_yes_i_bought_a_new_mac_pro/dbzjya5/) It doesn't at all come off as genuine advice, but instead someone sucking their own dick because they built or know how to build a hackintosh.And I don't feel like your analogy works entirely. Maybe if I said I'm tired of seeing Air Pod posts. But comments about hackintoshes are analogous to posting pics of snow on Mars in /r/earthporn
That's your opinion. The timing of some decisions (like removing battery indicator etc) did feel like they were monitoring places like this one. TBH, it just makes sense for them to do it, from a marketing perspective; not because Reddit is special, but simply because it's one of those large communities that cannot be fully ignored.
I guess we should just call 'em iPhone corp from here on out then.  However, without macs, there is no iPhone ecosystem. But I still think you should reach out to them. The thing is, a lot of stuff gets leaked ahead of time anyway and the content and accuracy of those leaks is not under Apple's control. But a controlled leak here could be a PR benefit and give them a way to leak info and avoid it getting tainted by stupid reporter bias. Or small announcements that don't warrant a press release or major announcement - like Siri improvements - could be revealed to you/us to communicate these improvements to the community. 
What exactly is the incentive to be a mod? I mean if it's exhausting, why do it? 
Exactly
Your use of sarcasm instead of a valid answer is a very ironic way of showing the mods are right. 
There's opinions, then there's bandwagoning. 
My point was there's like 2-3 AirPod threads a day that reach the front of /r/apple. Perhaps mods should redirect airpod content there. 
**Here's a sneak peek of /r/airpods using the [top posts](https://np.reddit.com/r/airpods/top/?sort=top&t=all) of all time!**\#1: [I made an app to find your missing Airpods if you have lost them, heres a quick video showing how the app works. Thanks!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uSG2WSPECT4) | [35 comments](https://np.reddit.com/r/airpods/comments/5jppwd/i_made_an_app_to_find_your_missing_airpods_if_you/)  \#2: [Remember the app I made to Find your lost Airpods? Well, its available to download now!](https://np.reddit.com/r/airpods/comments/5lqr7e/remember_the_app_i_made_to_find_your_lost_airpods/)  \#3: [i can hear god](http://i.imgur.com/TBNkhyx.jpg) | [8 comments](https://np.reddit.com/r/airpods/comments/5n0qnk/i_can_hear_god/)----^^I'm ^^a ^^bot, ^^beep ^^boop ^^| [^^Contact ^^me](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=sneakpeekbot) ^^| [^^Info](https://np.reddit.com/r/sneakpeekbot/) ^^| [^^Opt-out](https://np.reddit.com/r/sneakpeekbot/comments/5lveo6/blacklist/)
They won't. Honestly, the first thing that came to mind when I read rule 3 is that oh well, I guess all my concerns regarding certain Apple things are now going to count as trolling and adding to the anti apple echo chamber.There's enough pro apple circle jerks on the Internet as it is. Can we please have somewhere that's at least *neutral?
Except the first type of comment is much rarer than the second and usually downvoted. So what are you solving?
This is very important...and, yes, a fine line. It's very important because there has to be a place for *Apple fans* to be constructively critical about Apple products, without having to listen to thousands of rants about how Steve Jobs was Satan himself, and also Apple is going to fail without him.  I.e., how Apple is damned and doomed.You can't have these kinds of nuanced discussions on general technology subs because there's too much Apple hate. But you wouldn't be able to have them here if it becomes a safespace, either.  
> It's pretty easy. This isn't rocket science.When subreddits ban you for having dissenting opinions, it becomes a valid point.
**Here's a sneak peek of /r/applehelp using the [top posts](https://np.reddit.com/r/applehelp/top/?sort=top&t=all) of the year!**\#1: [Spam Calendar event added, Apple account possibly compromised, seeking advice on next moves.](https://np.reddit.com/r/applehelp/comments/4xmur5/spam_calendar_event_added_apple_account_possibly/)  \#2: [iMessage hacked to send hundreds of Chinese advertisements to +86 numbers.](https://np.reddit.com/r/applehelp/comments/53nas0/imessage_hacked_to_send_hundreds_of_chinese/)  \#3: [PSA: Make a backup before the iOS 10 update](https://np.reddit.com/r/applehelp/comments/51szim/psa_make_a_backup_before_the_ios_10_update/)----^^I'm ^^a ^^bot, ^^beep ^^boop ^^| [^^Contact ^^me](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=sneakpeekbot) ^^| [^^Info](https://np.reddit.com/r/sneakpeekbot/) ^^| [^^Opt-out](https://np.reddit.com/r/sneakpeekbot/comments/5lveo6/blacklist/)
We'd have to do this about 10-15x a day, given the volume of tech support self-posts.
Trouble is, you're much more likely to find a solution asking on a larger sub like this one than that smaller sub. 
The problem with this is that there's just too little support in r/applehelp, the majority are still here. For example, I needed [help](https://www.reddit.com/r/applehelp/comments/5m3e9u/remote_access_anywhere_using_external_drive_with/) being able to get remote access by IP working for my external hard drive attached to my AirPort Extreme, and I *still* haven't gotten close to getting valid help. I'm wondering if I should make another post in this subreddit for help also citing the lack of support in the proper subreddit.
It is exclusively very annoying
Memes are low effort repeated jokes.Some of us don't find the same joke funny over and over.  The older you get the less you flail on the same things.For older reddittors it's like watching 5 year olds telling knock knock jokes.Cute for 5 minutes.
It's just such a low effort comment that contributes so little to the conversation though. And it gets repeated ad nauseam.
The 'point' of Reddit is that mods run their sub any way they want inside of the site-wide rules. Some subs are permissive, others restrictive. If you don't like it, you can start your own sub. There are a lot of people who look at /r/all and think that a more restrictive model works better for intelligent discussion. But users can complain all they like, they don't get a real vote aside from their time and attention.
That's exactly what's happening. The people who contribute the best content are leaving because the circlejerkers are hanging around for low-hanging karma.
> If those posts are getting seen and upvoted, it's because people like them.Yeah, but the people who like them may be brigading trolls from other subs.
I suppose. They could be sent to r/applehelp for advice on next steps. 
Indeed.
Yes makes a lot of sense
Seeing as how humor is relative.... I guess a lot of people here are okay with censorship. 
See? And if that had been said that way, then I could understand. But I was told everything from it's slow as balls to take it back. You know what? Not everyone needs a Ferrari. Some of us are perfectly happy with a Civic instead. Still a pretty nice car, but not a rocket ship. For what I personally use the computer for, a regular hard drive is fine. And, I can always pay Apple to upgrade it later. And don't worry, my perception of Apple is unlikely to change as I am firmly rooted in the ecosystem. I own:iPhone 7 PlusiPhone 6SiPhone 6iPad mini 2 WiFiiPad mini 2 Wifi/cellulariMacAirPodsAlso, in the past I've owned every iteration of iPhone and Mac going all the way back to the G4 tower. 
I disagree. I don't really see the mods making much of a difference against trolls when they're always downvoted anyway. What's the difference between seeing comments below the threshold that you need to expand and ones that are deleted by mods?
I see. It would seem that left to its own devices, an Apple community tends to devolve is the conclusion.
If that's the goal, then I don't agree w/ it. Trial 3 is very vaguely defined to the point that it is basically license to censor people, which goes against the point of Reddit
So you think that subscribers with more positive opinions are better. Why do you have a stake in the direction the discussion takes here?
>People telling me the iPad can't be used for real work. When I already am!I've never understood why people say this. Real work comes in all shapes and sizes. We don't all have the same job.
Same way with the MacBook Pro. It's not a professional machine ignores all of the professionals who are using it for work. The implication I hear when someone says that is if you use a MacBook Pro, you're not a professional. And that's just not fair.
The critics of the iPad and its potential have been saying it since day one. Every time Apple threw more power under the hood, and every time devs stepped up their game and brought new and powerful functions to iPad apps specifically, critics moved the goal posts for what real work is. I heard it in design school when I used my first gen iPad to do some foundation-laying on a project I needed to complete. Couldn't get to the open labs and class only gave me a few hours to get shit done. My iPad let me do a whole lot of not only the groundwork, but the building of most of the project. Used the same files/extensions that the Mac Pros at school used. Somehow though, I didn't accomplish any real work through the hours I put in on the iPad. iPad Pro has been something I looked forward to for years. I'm looking forward to buying one soon and proving just how much real work I can do on it. 
Check out [HackerNews](http://news.ycombinator.com); a much more mature place for all discussions related to technology and overall a lot better than Reddit.I am pretty sure most of the blatant anti-Apple brigading is from the [PR firms of competing companies](https://www.google.com/search?q=Samsung+fined+for+paying+students+for+fake+reviews). It's easy to spot [once you know that it happens](https://www.reddit.com/r/videos/comments/5ihyvu/reddit_for_sale_how_we_bought_the_top_spot_for_200/).People who have never used an Apple product will endlessly rag on it for minuscule flaws that competitors have as well, and no one who has actually used the device seems to mind.Even the most minor negative news about Apple will get thousand of upvotes in mere *minutes*, as if automated, but the follow-up news about Apple resolving those issues will die out with barely a hundred votes, like what happened on /r/gadgets (which the astroturfers migrated to after /r/technology was no longer a default subreddit) with the [Consumer Reports recommendation](https://www.reddit.com/r/gadgets/search?q=consumer+reports+macbook&sort=new&restrict_sr=on&t=year) of the new MacBooks and their software-related battery drain. I mean, this is the most successful company in the history of this planet, with over a billion of happy users  thousands of them camping in line every year to get their next products  their supposedly-failed products constantly [outselling their competitors](http://fortune.com/2016/11/09/apple-macbook-pro-sales/), and they do a lot for the planet's environment and social equality in the workplace, yet if you looked in MR or certain subreddits you'd think they were literally the Fourth Reich. \\\_(- )\_\/
Unfortunately there seems to be this idea by some on this subreddit that if something doesn't do everything you want it to do then the whole device is beyond redemption and no one should buy it at all. I can understand that some are not happy with the changes that Apple did but really it is amazing to see the mass hysteria and histrionics that so many engaged in on this subreddit.
I actually didn't like the laptop until I actually got to use one. Now I can't do without it. 
I love mine too. Love it. I was on Windows for 15 years. The move to Apple was life changing. I fell in love, never looked back, and never will. Damn blue screens of death. Good riddance.I'm a pro working 10 hours a day on everything from software engineering, to photo editing, to video rendering, and my new 2016 is a BEAST. 
/r/ipad is a lot more friendly to that stuff; that's generally where I go for iPad discussions vice /r/apple. Great post btw; I'm not a developer but it's fun to see how people are using their iPads to get their work done.
And I use mine for all my school note taking. It's literally replaced 15+ books and all my notebooks. **I haven't used paper in over a year**. Feels like the future to me.
I only stuck around on Macrumors because I was thinking I'd be able to make enough posts to reach their internal magic number so I could see the marketplace thread again. Initially I could see it and I bought/sold from it. Then one day they decided only the elite could use it and required a few hundred posts to access it. I think it was maybe 175 posts or something. I hear the number changes every so often. Plus their automated system deletes posts that it thinks don't add to the discussion (should really wipe the site then). That was a few years ago. I got sick of trying to get back to the magic number.
I was a fan of Batman v Superman. Tell me about it. 
Same. I took a 2 month hiatus. Felt good to get away from the negativity. :) Glad it's been addressed.
I concur.. over the last few years it was so bad that an alternative apple sub which I won't mention here was created specifically to weed out the trolls.. this news is fantastic in that now there can be more positivity and productive discussion of how apple products can be improved that's not packed with negativity and trolling.
Seriously. This is the first time I've been on this sub in quite a while because you can't say ANYTHING about new products without everything going to hell. AirPods are my favorite thing Apple has done in a looooooong time. I love them so much. But you wouldn't know how great they are by hearing all the negativity on here. You'd think they were the worst product ever created. I could not disagree more. 
Valid? Complaints framed entirely on subjective views aren't magically valid. The single biggest thing I see whenever this complaint has been trotted out in this sub is a complete unwillingness to admit that OP's priorities or idea of a benefit isn't unanimous.
Apple changed their homepage to honor MLK and everyone was dissing them for using him to sell products and how Apple is always looking for a cash grab.
Yes. Unless the OP is discussing a feature that hasn't been discussed before.
Yeah, why no beating a dead horse on pointing out flaws in products but still being allowed to beat a dead horse by posting the 100th I bought AirPods and they're the most amazing product ever!
I have very little issue with Siri but apparently that makes me a liar. 
Yeah I don't understand all the hate. I use it in my car with Siri eyes-free to send texts and it works great.
And we definitely don't need to have multiple threads every day about it. 
It's funny because all those posts are siri sucks but no one... not even ONCE will suggest any improvements. Siri sucks is a crappy post What if Siri could do X? is a good post. 
No it doesn't, and those are not equivalent. The Siri bullshit has been going for YEARS
But don't you see that it's a 50-1 ratio? And most of the Siri positive posts are directly stating they're a response to pushback on all the negativity posts, since the OP has an experience that's opposite.I see daily these excessive and completely unnecessary posts slamming Siri.  You know what I don't see? Any constructive and accurate discussion of how it could improve ***while not violating Apple's model of respecting my privacy***.  I don't want google now. Period. I don't want Apple combing through all my emails, my calendar events and cataloging who I know and what we text, along with details on all my purchasing habits and travel routes. That's what google now needs to do to work the ways it does.  Telling me twenty times a week how google now is awesome in their opinion and Siri is shit is just something that's a total waste of space because there's a fundamental issue that's never going to make it work like that.To me, my privacy is a higher priority and I'm mature enough to recognize that means Siri won't work like the products from the two 24/7 shopping and ad companies.That means productive discussions involve the privacy framework Apple offers and how to make Siri more effective and more more beneficial in that framework, not trashing Apple for the limits that come with it.
Why? It's common vernacular at this point, and it's a word that people understand.
We do something similar in /r/Android:https://www.reddit.com/r/Android/comments/5qtbga/sunday_rantrage_jan_29_2017_your_weekly_complaint/?ref=search_posts&utm_source=iftttIt works really really well. A great way to just vent and then actually people try to do things productive: Should we make a longer post on this? How can we get LG to acknowledge this?
Absolutely - maybe a weekly sticky for people to throw in their experiences and maybe people can identify a few work arounds etc.
Just put it in /r/sirifail.
I think those voice assistants aren't that big of a deal outside of internet commenters.I was listening to some podcast or blog where people use those things only a couple of times a day after the initial new toy honeymoon.
More reliable... its amazing what 24/7 recording of all your conversations and private moments by a company totally devoted to selling things can do.I would like Apple to keep building on the frameworks of apps plugging in to Siri and improve the syntax demands. 
I think taking a stronger stance against those could be useful.However, we can't see all posts immediately, so we very much rely on people reporting such posts so that we can see them.
Amen on the 'I'm going to android.' posts being banned. They're just pure trolling mostly anyways.  Send them a 'Good for you. Choice is wonderful. We kindly suggest posting this as 'I'm new to android' in r/android if you'd like to discuss your new android.' message with the auto delete of the posts. 
Yep, we do!
All these are core community threads that are positive and offer great opportunities for support. I would not be happy to see the app recommendations or support or purchase advice threads be removed. These are precisely what this forum should be inclusive of. 
I moderate /r/android as well as here, so I'm quite familiar with the process we use over there.
I don't get people like that, It's like they do it as a job.  :/
What do you mean?
Exactly this. The guy denied it ever happened and kept at the lie. And worst of all - this all started because he accused thread OP of trying to get away with editing his post as if it never happened. Just really low integrity. 
Good luck getting an apology.
365 out of 400,000 is still a pretty small percentage if you count one for every day of the year.
I very rarely see Siri posts
There's also a reason it exists.  Because Apple is so damned tone-deaf they actually thought that courage marketing was a good thing.
We use it in /r/Android about Android phones, too, actually. It's a meme, sure: this is an action by a company that is trying to force a certain style of use that is frustrating.
Well it is, yes but it has been a label for people who unnaturally obsess over Apple products for a long time now. I honestly don't mean anything by it, it was just a descriptive term that people would probably be familiar with, rather than me actually meaning it as an insult. I'd like to think that most people have the ability to take it as it's meant, rather than find offence in it.
Yep don't worry, we have no intention to do that.
Generally then it's not a rant, by the definition we use.A well written, constructive post which is negative is generally fine. A post which is three lines long, all in capitals, with no useful thoughts on the matter is deemed a rant.We don't want to remove every instance of a negative post, only those which are being posted very frequently (Siri posts are good examples of this).
Thank's for your reply, appreciate it. Jep, that's (for almost all the posts) understandable. 
Not true. As I said above, I apologize for the slow response times. It's only recent that response times have declined, and we're working to fix that.
Nobody's saying that. What I'm saying is that if you don't like it, express ***why*** to ***you*** Apple delivered something underwhelming.Maybe some will agree and maybe some will dispel misconceptions like the memory limit thing.  But do we really as a community need some special rant post about how you personally don't like it? I guess a better way to express this is that there's other outlets here in places to comment about that topic. We aren't trying to force you to like it or be silent. Just channel that debate in productive and healthy places.I'd love to hear what you personally didn't like about this model. 
Which bit specifically are you accusing me of not reading?
It's a computer running an Apple OS.  After all, people go to Linux forums, not Dell or HP forums when they want to talk about Linux.  Of course, if you want a desktop running a modern high end GPU, or want any kind of expandability a Hackintosh actually is your only recourse, and a far superior and cheaper one at that.  There are edge cases who are willing to spend $2999 for an outdated 2013 Mac Pro, but it's gotten beyond ridiculous for its initial target demographic.  There are plenty of people who prefer Mac OSes with a DIY mentality.  A lot of people moved to Mac desktops because it was a superior development platform.  Apple specifically catered to our needs for years, but they've left us high and dry, and having discovered cheaper, faster, better solutions that fit all kinds of budgets, we like to evangelize that there's a better way.Apple could make 90% of this go away by marketing pro expandable desktops with modern components, but they haven't done so, and haven't even hinted at such for years upon years.  We paid Apple's premium because it was premium hardware and a premium experience, but such is no longer case.
Many people discover hackintoshes through discussion here. Sometimes people come in here with hardware restraints and a budget and people get pointed that direction. It's not useless discussion, it's still very apple related, and though you come here for purchasing advice not everyone else shares the same usage of this subreddit as you. It doesn't need to be warrant removal because it *annoys you*. Reddit includes functionality for twirling up a post so you don't have to look at it and the comments that follow. 
I don't agree. While a Hackintosh isn't Apple hardware it is Apple software and is Apple related. Yes, it might be an unhelpful comment in a thread asking which Mac to buy, but so is a comment saying buy an iPad Pro. It's an issue not because Hackintosh's aren't Apple, but because it doesn't answer the question posed by the OP and isn't contributing *in that thread*, that's no reason to block it from the subreddit altogether. Someone raising an issue with iTunes for Windows, or Apple Music on Android would fit your criteria of it's not an Apple, but it's still Apple software and does have a place on an Apple subreddit. 
There's a sub for most apple products as well so what should go on r/apple?
There's also subs for the Macbook, iMac, MacOS, iPhone, iPad etc etc, so why even use r/apple?
> But comments about hackintoshes are analogous to posting pics of snow on Mars in /r/earthpornI think most people will disagree with you there.It comes down to the reason that people are considering buying a Mac in the first place. If they do it because they need access to the mac exclusive software, then a hackintosh is absolutely 100% an option. It might not be one the user decides to go with, but it's a valid point of discussion.However, the link you posted is not a useful way to go about suggesting a hackintosh, so I agree with you there.
I agree. A major company would be derelict in their duties if they had no one monitoring social media. I mean, Reddit is one of the largest communities on the internet!
Because we love this place and have a vision for it. Just because it's exhausting doesn't mean we throw in the towel and give up.
What's the incentive for any kind of unpaid work?
you get two votes.
Except there wasn't a question being asked for me to answer. Just some comment about how great this sub will be so long as all the hate towards Apple isn't allowed in. I'm not saying anything insulting to anyone, or using a overused catchphrase, nor am I trying to beat a dead horse. So how am I proving the mods right exactly? They wanted a conversation about the alleged issue, so let's have one. I mean how is one persons complaint about a product less valid than someone else's complement? There's absolutely nothing wrong with allowing two side to discuss issues. I mean we all know Apple isn't perfect. What's the harm is talking about those imperfections?I have no problem with keeping things civil. I mean I'm not going to start using derogatory remarks towards anyone here so by all means, let's have the mods enforce [Reddiquette](https://www.reddit.com/wiki/reddiquette) (as they should be doing so already). But I think that silencing dissenting opinions is the wrong way to go about resolving anything here. It will instead just drive people away who would ordinarily have something of value to add to a conversation. The last thing any sub needs is to be a complete circle jerk for any one side, for or against the subreddit's topic. 
There's bandwagoning, then there's *courage* posts. 
During the release we don't want to remove posts, as there's certainly a lot of people coming here to look for answers. So in that scenario, many threads can be useful.As we get further away from the launch though, we will (and have been) removing the more duplicate posts regarding airpods, as they become more and more restated and less new/helpful to the users.
I really hope this falls under #3 ... beating a dead horse should apply equally to positive submissions, not just negative ones.
/r/appleneutrality isn't taken yet. 
Exactly. I see hardly any examples of that first type of comment. What I do see are many valid complaints that I hope won't be swept under the rug in the future. The elephant in the room exists for a reason... 
Don't forget though, you only see the rant posts that we haven't removed, which are quite a few. But, as you say, if there are more good, constructive posts than there are outright rants, we won't have to remove many, which is great. We don't want to be removing posts, we are just making the policy clear.
>ban you for having dissenting opinions,Don't worry, we don't, and won't be doing that here thankfully.
Censorship is a bit of hyperbole imo. Moderation is more accurate.
> I guess a lot of people here are okay with censorship.These are low-effort shitposts we're talking about.  If removing them is censorship, rather than just taking out the trash, then yeah, please mods censor the hell out of them.
I mean yes in certain cases censorship is good.You don't want someone randomly screaming fire in a crowded area when there is none, right ? Or are we going to complain about censorship for the sake of being pedantic
I do find a HDD slow compared to a SSD (paid to have an SSD installed in my 2011 iMac and the difference was quite noticeable). And it's hard to upgrade the 4K iMac after purchase because the ram is soldered and cracking open the frame to install additional storage isn't the easiest of tasks. I think so long as you go in with both eyes wide open and are very clear on what you are getting exactly for your money, it's all good. Not everyone is as tech savvy, and they might simply get an Apple product without doing research on the assumption that it all just works equally well. I feel Apple has made some very questionable product design choices under Tim Cook for no reason other than to increase margins. The iMac was one. The iPad mini 3 (which was basically an iPad mini 2 with Touch ID). The iPhone 6, iPad Air and iPad mini 2 really should have come with 2 gb of ram. It's like Apple is deliberately gimping their own products for no good reason. 
because when the trolls outnumber the genuine users, the voting turns out in favor of the trolls.
I think the bigger problem is that this hasn't really been much of a real Apple community (hold off a second before you trot out the no true Scotsman), and most of them get brigaded by outsiders. I say that because if you look at any given thread and start clicking through to user comment histories you see a metric fuck ton of users who exclusively comment in /r/apple to make some derisive, antagonizing or troll comment. They came to the sub for the express purpose of making it worse for everyone. This has gone on for ages (I have RES tags for many of these users going back _years_) and it simply hasn't run its course. There's no shortage of these people and they don't tire of it.
/r/AskHistorians is probably the best sub on Reddit, but also the most highly moderated. The point of Reddit (if it has a point) is that you can set up whatever sub you want, and run it however you want.  You can set up /r/applehardtruths or /r/applefreeforall or whatever you want.But the mods of *this* sub are *also* entitled to have a sub that's free of non-constructive shitposting. *That's* part of the freedom of Reddit, too.  You can have whatever kind of community you want, but you can't prevent other people from having the kinds of communities that they want. 
Do you join a forum to be exasperated and frustrated by negative comments? I don't want a forum full of Apple sycophants but surely there has to be a better way for making your displeasure and disappointment heard without all the accompanying vitriol that just makes it a worse environment for everyone else to be in. I like Apple products and like discussing them and it's getting increasing harder to find a conducive environment to do so. For the longest time, I have fought long and hard at Cnet and Engadget to fight back the trolls who love to plague the Apple threads there. Then I joined Macrumours and only recently has it started going down the toilet as well. I am currently doing what I can to push back the tide and of negativity and toxicity there but I am just one man and I recently stumbled upon Reddit. I find it's a nice place which shows potential and the last thing I want is for it to suffer the same fate that has currently befallen Macrumours. TL; DR - I care. I care enough to not want this place to go to shit and if I have to draw a line in the sand and fight to preserve the place I have come to love, then so be it. 
It's the I need to feel better than you/I need to validate my choices syndrome. Same reason you get teens hanging outside of apple stores talking about how great their 16 core Galaxy C4 is. People need to feel better about their choices/life. And one way we do that psychologically is by putting others down. I try not to do it myself, but we're all just human. 
Construction Worker. iPad is still the best field computer. Love it. 
Yup, I personally don't have one but a friend does and we have one other dude in our group who just bags on Apple products. Like if it doesn't work for you, it doesn't mean it doesn't work for them. Everyone has their own preferences, if they are comfortable, why disrupt that, you are just gonna cause a problem. But the guy can't understand that logic. While I personally prefer PC, I haven't had enough time with Mac to appreciate macOS so I can't say bad things since I dont have enough experience with it. :D
I'd say it's definitely a different strokes for different folks situation.I run my small press publishing company off my MacBook pro/imac, and I can't imagine doing it any other way. There are apple-specific apps that make my life and my business run smoother, and as a whole my macs have been exceptionally reliable and trouble-free. Knowing my machines are going to work this morning with no issues... that's a huge deal. Knowing they are virus free, trouble free, fully backed up, fully encrypted, easily restored even if the worst possible thing happened... Knowing my files are available in the cloud, and that I can pop into my iMac desktop from my MacBook if I really needed to...Add all that to the way the devices integrate together, and it's more than the sum of its parts. Replying to an email on my phone and shooting it over to my laptop when I sit down to finish typing it up... Answering a text message from my iMac. Taking a phone call from my MacBook pro without pulling my phone out. Flipping between devices with my airpods without a hitch. It all just works and I like that.Put world-class fit, finish, and overall quality of the hardware on the table and yo've got something special. My launch-day iMac retina is sitting on my desk looking exactly like it did the day I put it there. It's flawless and beautiful, and runs incredibly well with zero issues for my workload. I can't honestly imagine a computer coming along that would make me want to give it up. The screen is flawless, the colors are fantastic, the speed of the machine is blissful. It feels as if I could use this thing... forever? Are there things that apple could improve? Sure. I think they've definitely dropped the ball on GPU power over the current generation. There's really no reason (outside of profit motivation) for apple to be sticking with AMD right now, at least in my humble opinion. I also think Siri needs one hell of an upgrade when compared to the other competing virtual assistants. Unquestionably, google and alexa are leaving Siri in the dust right now.Are there things I'm not happy with? Absolutely. As a writer who runs a publishing company, I can't tell you how disappointed I was with the new keyboard on the newest generation MacBook pro. I don't like the way it feels.Maybe I'd get used to it, but for now, my 2016 loaded spec MacBook pro 13 is doing a perfect job and I see no reason to upgrade anytime soon.But again, different (key)strokes, different folks. At the end of the day, a current-gen mac isn't the right machine for all professionals, but there are plenty of people like me who couldn't imagine working on anything else. I'm a big fan of using the right tool for the job, and for **my** job, apple has provided the best tools. 
[deleted]
Thank you for the reddit for sale link/video
**Here's a sneak peek of /r/ipad using the [top posts](https://np.reddit.com/r/ipad/top/?sort=top&t=all) of the year!**\#1: [I found a first gen iPad in a dumpster yesterday. It still works](https://i.reddituploads.com/6a70ccdfc29a4b96b5b03c8bdc1f7dda?fit=max&h=1536&w=1536&s=ce6f5a7445b2509cc779d82f2a69c91e) | [63 comments](https://np.reddit.com/r/ipad/comments/5ckzg3/i_found_a_first_gen_ipad_in_a_dumpster_yesterday/)  \#2: [Behold, the official Reddit iPad app.](https://i.reddituploads.com/3d5dabea82e44676ae2897de149226cf?fit=max&h=1536&w=1536&s=1d94c357afe61267dbf58bd4c2d6b6e7) | [47 comments](https://np.reddit.com/r/ipad/comments/4g6nl1/behold_the_official_reddit_ipad_app/)  \#3: [Abandoned Apple Store in Kuwait - Photos By Miskan](http://imgur.com/a/W0C41) | [46 comments](https://np.reddit.com/r/ipad/comments/5g428d/abandoned_apple_store_in_kuwait_photos_by_miskan/)----^^I'm ^^a ^^bot, ^^beep ^^boop ^^| [^^Contact ^^me](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=sneakpeekbot) ^^| [^^Info](https://np.reddit.com/r/sneakpeekbot/) ^^| [^^Opt-out](https://np.reddit.com/r/sneakpeekbot/comments/5lveo6/blacklist/)
That's ludicrous. Apple did that to honor, as they do on countless other holidays, for countless other individuals. How that comes off as a cash grab is beyond me. 
Perhaps a clear and established criteria needs to be in place for dead horses?  There can be many valid different viewpoints on the Same topic.  Something along the lines of anything past 4-5 total posts on the same topic over the course of a week is labeled a dead horse? Then any new post for a while, OP would just be redirected to to older posts for discussion and post tagged as dead horse for deletion.
And a fanboy. How dare you have no problems with something that I have a problem with?
To each their own. A lot of good examples of Siri's problems are over in /r/sirifail, and a lot of people try to defend the service over there.
It seems overly immature, thus reducing the appearance of professionalism and credibility IMHO.
I agree with Tbone.  The word isn't inaccurate and there's a point to what it describes.  I vote it shouldn't be removed. Being accurate doesn't diminish the point. 
Yeah that's fair enough, I appreciate how much effort you guys put in. Thanks for finally sorting this stuff out.
Can you edit the What rule does this break section of the report button?I'm not sure what option we would pick for the courage jokes 
push all self posts to the mod queue automatically.
Such courage 
any reason you're not applying the same process here? (for self posts)
https://www.reddit.com/r/apple/comments/5oiar1/_/dcjsr1d?context=1000
My r/NBA or r/books don't talk about the same things every day though
The part where we welcome criticism, just as long as it's constructive. Visit the front page at any time and you'll see criticism. Implying we want an Apple safe space is ridiculous and insulting.
I'm sure someone is monitoring. But I doubt that the person who monitors has any contact with engineers or designers.
It varies depending on what it is, but i think it can be universally agreed upon that if unpaid work becomes stressful/exhausting/mentally taxing, most of us would tend to find other things to do with our relatively short lives. This isn't exactly Doctors Without Borders, it's an apple subreddit 
Sexual favors
We do!?
You clearly didn't read the entire post. I made it pretty clear that we welcome all sorts of criticism. Complaints about a product are perfectly fine, but mindless whining without inviting an actual discussion is not. There's a big difference.
[This should be encouraged.](https://www.reddit.com/r/apple/search?q=AirPods&restrict_sr=on&sort=relevance&t=all)
But that's not what's happening. No one is yelling fire. 
Yes, and as part of this sub, we have the right to object to what the mods are trying to do. Heavy moderation is fine as long as the moderation is well-defined. Trial 3 is not well-defined which allows for censorship. My point is that Trial 3 goes well beyond the stated goals, which is something many people have commented on. There's a difference between moderation and censorship. Push the community too hard and it's liable to break, and I for one would prefer a large Apple community to multiple much smaller ones
If someone starts doing that to me, I simply shoot back with I dont tell you what to buy, so stop trying to tell me what to buy
Yeah. I mean, when you have companies whose entire marketing campaign is literally focused on comparing themselves with Apple, more than talking about themselves in all of their advertising (Microsoft and Samsung), does anybody seriously think that they would be above directing a negative PR campaign against Apple on online forums?
Not to mention they used him in the Think Different campaign 20 years ago. I don't remember any particular stink about it at the time.^^Holy ^^shit ^^that ^^was ^^20 ^^years ^^ago...
haha for real.
Because, while there may be a handful of valid criticism cases of Siri here, most are merely exaggerations and veiled opportunities to mention how awesome their google now or whatever is. They aren't here to discuss how Siri could be better at all.For example, why can't iOS Siri daisy chain my requests like desktop Siri? I can ask my laptop to find all files from today, then say 'just the pictures', then follow that with 'mail these pictures to Ted'.  But iOS would lose me after the first statement.Here's another: Why isn't Siri simply asking me when I walk into the same Walgreens four times in a month if I'd like to add this to my list of stores I shop at? So then, I could simply say, 'remind me to buy decongestant when I'm at Walgreens'?  All they need to do is create a handful of simple classifications for the common things to start (grocery store, pharmacy, pet store, gas station, etc.. with the ability to add more from installed apps. Kroger app being installed and having your most used location can communicate that to Siri and to reminders, for example.).Siri's syntax demands are some low hanging fruit for sure. Why is 'play next song' not hard coded as a command? Why limit that to 'skip this song?  Surely it's not impossible to do the math on phrases we use most.  And keep listening for a minute.. if it skipped the song instead, let me just say, 'that's not what I wanted' and reverse the change automatically and ask for clarification while now marking temporarily that command as off the table. These are the 'can we improve siri' discussions that we'd all love to have. Maybe my ideas aren't possible, but maybe that very thread could hash it out and make it workable.
It's never appeared that way to me, but I apologize if that's how you took it.
That sounds like a good idea. Thanks, I'll look in to it.
LOL, wtf. That dude has truly generated some major backlash it seems.
There is almost an infinite supply of books. There is literally new content for the every day NBA for 7 months out of the year. Apple has major news days 3 times a year, max. Not really a great comparison.
Criticism needs to be proportionate though. If something is so bad that it turns into a circle jerk of negativity and you guys start deleting threads, then the content of this sub is no longer representative of the state of the ecosystem/community.
I agree. I'm assuming it makes it way 'up the chain' if it becomes an issue.
Yes, and it seems like that's the exact situation we're dealing with here.
yes, but you can't vote the same way twice.
I was merely replying to /u/Technicated's vague comment about being glad to see the end of the circlejerk even though from my perspective I see an overall healthy and diverse sub and would like to keep it that way. All the time I'm learning something new or teaching something new to someone else and sometimes it takes a bit of what some might consider a circlejerk to get to the outcome.The last thing I want is to see this sub be like TD and just mute/delete/ban anything that goes against a pro-Apple message. The comment you replied to was nearly my response to /u/Unagi33 who seemed to think that my sarcasm and humor are exactly the kind of things you guys are talking about eliminating and that's who my rebuttal was directed towards and not the mods of this sub.I mean, this part in your post...>The most recent example is one-/few-word replies with courage used like an argument.Come on. Are you guys serious? It's a joke. One I've never told but it sure is funny sometimes. The idea that you guys are going to waste your time removing jokes or hive mind comments (another vague category) seems absurd. Don't you guys have better things to do with your time? And using a bot to do it is dumb because it only stands to punish honest to goodness comments who then have to send you a dispute message and so on.Anyway, I stand by my opinion that trial 2 and 3 in this post are too vague to enforce and you guys should just stick to enforcing Reddiquette in support of trial 1. That would do more to quench the hate than wasting time trying to babysit and judge the content of every comment in the sub.>You clearly didn't read the entire post.Apple had a motto when I worked there, it was, assume positive intent because assuming anything else is rude and leads to misunderstandings.
Very true, what I was trying to show another situation where censorship occurs that isn't a negative, but I do understand that Helling fire vs. a small joke are two different types of situations
No problem.  That being said, I also appreciate your initiatives. It seems like a very difficult job to moderate this while still letting legit Apple customers share their complaints.  Best of luck to you and your team.  I'll try to carry a more positive attitude myself.
hahahaha what rule does this break? courage
Proportional is the key.  It stands to reason that when 85% of us buy and love our Apple devices, that something's amiss when 50% of the posts in a month are trashing them across the board, without any nuances or specifics. 
clever :)
>Apple had a motto when I worked there, it was, assume positive intent because assuming anything else is rude and leads to misunderstandings.This is outstanding advice and should always be used when trying to have genuine and constructive debates and disagreements with others.
Don't worry I got it, mang.
... What?
<3
I'm not sure what option we would pick for the courage jokesI was just finding humor in the thought of adding the report option courage for all the courage posts because it fell in line with the joke itself. Not that it was what you actually intended, but it was the first thing my mind went to.
The biggest difference between a good photographer and a bad photographer is the the good photographer doesn't show you his bad pictures. 
Gotta give you that upvote buddy. Your work is well appreciated. Great gallery. 
Jeez even that original iPhone shot looks amazing 
Wow that photo in Golfo de Mxico it's beautiful!
Got my iPhone 7 last weekend. Went out for a stroll after work on Monday and tested with a few shots in low light. Seriously impressed with the way the quality has come on leaps and bounds since the iPhone 6. 
How do you do the wide angle ones?
I switched from a galaxy note5 and I feel like the camera on my iphone 6s plus is no match for the note5. Low light shots definitely look better on the note5 as they are way clearer and brighter. Daytime shots also looks better. Maybe the 7 plus is better than the note7 camera but I definitely wish the iphone has as good camera quality as the note5.
If you find it took dark or bright, tap on what part of the image you would like to focus on and wait until the little yellow box fades. If it is still too bright/dark for your liking, slowly scroll up/down in the center of the screen to change the aperature.
Finally some great photos uploaded here. Well done man! So great that I think it is worthy to be used for Apple's Shot on iPhone commercial.
These are so great! You should be very proud.
Well done, amazing! Love your work.
Post processing?
The iPhone cameras are great!I took this [photo](https://cvws.icloud-content.com/B/AaJnszyUJ2K-FlF4hVpO-GKDxMhiAeD3lBRU90K-sY2VMxpU6OMYpjFG/gcw.JPG?o=Asm-xqDjBWqchEh89RsNn_pAaD_h8Ws_vcNWs9sO5kWd&v=1&x=3&a=Bbj3NJpNNb-cA4ocOQ&e=1486875457&k=tugq-8vBkF_pq1HapahP3Q&fl=&r=706008b2-51f9-4ec6-b66d-dc9e0393572f-1&ckc=com.apple.clouddocs&ckz=com.apple.CloudDocs&p=14&s=Ke027I2dOH6P-pAe-7BfOdR3yIw&cd=i) at the Grand Canyon on the Hualapai Indian Reservation in the Fall of 2015 on my 6s. Used Panorama and didn't expect it to turn out this well. I literally just pointed and followed the instructions. 
Go Gators!
the iphone 7 takes awesome photos. the 7+ is phenomenal
Fantastic shots! I have had my iPhone 7 since it launched and I love the camera quality. Just phenomenal. There's actually a subreddit for photos taken on iPhone! /r/iphoneography is actually one of my favorites.
are these photos edited? Or straight up natural photos?
These are awesome shots. Any general iPhone photography tips? 
U gotta buy pixel
I once read an article years ago about photographers of National Geographic magazine. Before the age of digital, they would travel to location with literally hundreds of rolls of film.... but you only ever saw a few of the pictures in the magazine. 
As a tip from the professional world, a fine-art photographer might take several thousand photos a day over several weeks, and would show, on average, just one shot per day at a gallery exhibit.For a fashion photo shoot, a photographer would also shoot maybe 5000 shots in a day, and would only publish maybe 10 of those shots.Editing (the actual act of cutting out shots, not to be confused with processing - the act of adjusting each shot) is part of what makes a great photographer.Also often overlooked when judging photographers is the photographer's ability to produce.  In the fashion world, photographers are judged based on their casting quality, for example. A good photographer also has a good production team - location scouts, set designers, makeup artists, etc.  Photojournalists are valued based on their timing or access to newsy events.Actually taking the photos is probably the least important skill of a photographer, and many photographers leave that up to their first assistant.
post no pictures, obviously im a great photographer
Thanks!
[deleted]
Panorama, just don't go thru the whole process. Face the phone maybe 45, and then finish when you get to 45 on the other side.
Samsung has been killing it with their cameras lately. The iPhone doesn't have the best camera anymore (it's still great, just not the best). That hasn't been true for a few years now. The Pixel and the S6/S7/Note5/7 are all better these days.
The Note 5 and S6 have superb cameras an lenses, the quality and detail they can capture is just excellent.Taking that into consideration the S7 and Note 7's cameras are just a lot better overall, and they definitely leave the iPhone 7 behind (the iPhone 7 Plus's telephoto camera wins in portrait mode and when zoomed in, there is no contest there).
Or hold it to enable AF/AE lock should you want to recompose. 
Thanks I really appreciate that. 
Thanks!
Thanks!
No, actually. The extent of my post processing knowledge is hitting the magic wand on the iPhone photos edit. I think I might have adjusted the brightness of the charleston one. Edit: well I got to thinking, and I double checked and behold the Charleston shot was run through an instagram filter. Here is the oringinal: http://imgur.com/XSGpXJzPlease forgive me internet. My sins are many. 
Definitely looks like some work has been done, mainly levels and curves. 
I want to see it but the link isn't working   _ 
Alright! Go Gators! 
haha, my brother has one and I can definitely see the appeal. 
Well sure, they aren't going to show 100 photos of mount saint helens.
You raise good points. I just had a iPhone 6S (my first iPhone ever) and I am now trying to take good photos with it. I will keep your points in mind. Thank you. 
Late welcome :)
You might be surprised to learn that some people speak multiple languages. /u/byponcho posts in r/Mexico somewhat frequently, looking at recent posts, and also posts there in Spanish. From this, one might assume that they are Mexican, or at least live there. would you question why a French person would say Le Tour Eiffel?
The built-in panorama?
The iPhone 7 camera is easily the best, sorry
Last one looks like it was given vignette. But I believe you. I guess it just looks that good.
I figured, the last one definitely looked like it had been processed 
But this happens with professional cameras as well. That isn't a slight to the quality of the iPhone's camera.
http://i.imgur.com/hoZz6jU.jpg Sorry about that lol
Thank you for the explanation friendly user :)
Nitpicky as hell, but it's la tour Eiffel (it's a feminine noun)
yeah
It If we take overall image quality including focusing speed and reliability, noise levels, details, sharpness, dynamic range and color accuracy most other flagship phone's cameras leave the iPhone 7 quite far behind (especially the S7 and the Pixel).Take into account that these other phones also have full manual controls over the ISO, shutter speed, focus, metering and white balance and you have a device that is incredibly more capable in the right hands vs an iPhone.The iPhone 7 definitely has one of the top cameras available on any smartphone but it's not up to par with the best of the best just now. I'm all in for competition but I have been expecting more that what Apple's minor camera improvements have brought to the table over the last few iterations which makes me worry that other OEMs will stop trying as hard as they've had in order to improve their cameras.
Says who?Like almost all sources I read claims the Pixel has the best camera or the S7 has the best camera. iPhone 7 rarely mentioned as the best.
You are right, it doesn't. I merely mentioned what I noticed, didn't comment on the quality of camera or on its capabilities. iPhones, and cell phones cameras in general have come a long way when it comes to taking beautiful shots. Yet, when we see a post titled along the lines of hey checkout these amazing photos captured by my <insert name>, we usually expect to see unedited, straight from device shots. If a person had to buy a camera for himself and he comes across pictures like these where blacks are darker and colours seem to pop more, he might just believe that his phone too would be giving same sort of shots without any effort on his part. It is more a matter of expectation than it is of quality of any camera. 
Yes but when professionals post pictures they dont claim wow check out this amazing camera qualityIt completely defeats the purpose to make a post about camera quality with pictures that have post processing
Sorry I had to Reddit-stalk you to make a point.
well I obviously meant a literal tour of the Eiffel Tower ;-)But really, I think I smushed le Tour de France and la Tour Eiffel together in my brain
My what an impressively long winded effort. You forgot one little thing: any sort of evidence to support your frankly laughable claims
Says who yourself? Almost all the sources I read claim the iPhone 7 has the best camera, the iPhone 7 plus being even better than that
I understand why post-processing is disingenuous in that scenario, but I don't think it's worth dismissing over. Post-processing is a lossy transformation (you can't unsharpen or uncompress an image back to how it looked in RAW), so the more processing an ISP or system software performs, the further down the road you're stuck in terms of tweaks or transformations. If the photos came out of the phone that processed, they would look gaudy and oversaturated when you try and take a more true to life image (*cough*Samsung*cough*).I don't think it's necessarily wrong to show off post-processed images of a phone, because it's something that *can* be achieved. 
I'd argue it doesn't. No amount of post-processing can replace the quality of a good camera. When you have a large number of megapixels, but they have too much interference or the lighting isn't good, you wouldn't get the sharpness you'd expect out of the sensor. The optics, sensor, and IPS are all good enough to get the full amount of detail the resolution can offer. You can't post-process sharpness (without leaving behind glaring processing distortions). You can raise the contrast or brightness after the fact, but if the sensor or IPS crushed the blacks, you will get no detail out of your shadows, since the information just isn't there.Being able to reasonably post-process at all is a mark of a good camera.
Well show your sources? I will post my sources as well here too.
Your point that only a good photo can be edited in a way that looks good and hence we must appreciate the camera even if the pic is post-processed - is totally right. While I agree, I would add that most of the modern cameras have gotten to that point already. Xiaomi Huawei, Samsung, all are doing great job with their cameras. In capable hands a Xiaomi is as good as a Samsung which is s good as an iPhone which could be as good as a budget level DSLR. Point being, in this scenario post-processing does make a difference. I disagree with what you said later on, that post-processing is just lossy transformation.  While it can be debated but it simply isn't why it is used. One might not be be able to achieve level:divine with RAW editing but there is loads that can be done. The most simple transformation of pumping up the blacks can dramatically improve the visual aspect of a photo. Similarly, controlling exposure and highlights can achieve stunning results as well. You can always desaturate an image, cool it down or give it a certain mood with post work. All that, which doesn't degrade the visual aspect of a pic and only gives it a cosmetic uplift.  
Spoken like someone who has never done any serious post processing.You can fix a LOT with post processing.http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-6AVsPJ4NmHc/Vqh9qnhnS1I/AAAAAAAAB4M/Eklw-nvXj28/s1600/Lightroom.JPGhttp://i.imgur.com/PY1fgCf.jpghttp://www.fakruljamil.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/11/BeforeAfter.jpg
iPhone now let's you shoot in RAW which helps a lot with post processing now (iPhone 6s or newer) 
I'm sure you have many high-quality and reputable sources :)
1. These images are fairly low resolution, which hides a lot of the fine detail which would be lost at really low light2. These are photos from good cameras, DSLRs, which proves my point entirely. Poor cameras could not have these qualities pulled out with post.3. I call total bullshit on the third photo. There is **no** detail in the dark trees or buildings. Zoom in on it. No detail whatsoever, especially not precise leaves and windows, could be achieved purely in post.4. All 3 of these before & afters are JPGs, which compresses the shit out of the image, making the comparison unfair
[removed]
Good that you know because it is everyone :)
> No detail whatsoever, especially not precise leaves and windows, could be achieved purely in post.Again its obvious you have never done any real post processing work before. Keep digging that hole http://www.fakruljamil.com/sony-a7rii-a-dynamic-range-beast-for-landscape-photographer/
[removed]
You should have no difficulty showing everyone those high quality, reputable sources then :)
Yeah, because that edit was to the RAW. The before and after, as it can be seen in the comparison, is JPG. That means you can't visibly compare them as they're presented.Also, it's a photo from a Sony a7rii, which is a $3,000 camera. So this is *absolutely* my point. Good cameras = amazing post-processing. Even with RAW access, you wouldn't be able to get that kind of post-processing out of a shitty camera.
http://www.phonearena.com/news/Google-Pixel-XL-vs-iPhone-7-Plus-vs-Galaxy-S7-edge-blind-camera-comparison-vote-here_id86869https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=seSJvwF68-0http://www.imore.com/best-smartphone-camerahttps://www.dxomark.com/Mobileshttp://www.digitaltrends.com/photography/google-pixel-vs-iphone-7-plus-camera/https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CMYx2_orF18http://www.techradar.com/news/best-camera-phone/14Here are just some. I am too busy to put any much effort to get more sources.
Well I would like you to try first. I will post too.
I've seen more apps support 1Password than iCloud Keychain...
I agree. It seems like virtually no app supports it.
I am so happy every time I call up an app and it offers to grab my password from iCloud Keychain.
Even better, support Touch ID.  Off the top of my head, the Wells Fargo, Entrust, and Day One apps support this and it's very convenient.
Speaking of icloud keychain. I don't know what settings I did wrong, but many passwords I have saved in my mac safari, don't show up on my iOS safari. And yes I have the icloud keychain syncing turned on on both ends. And only *some* get synced. WhyyyyIf it doesn't sync, it should be the case for every password, but somehow it's *some* of them....
In case any other devs were wondering what the API is, it's [kSecAttrSynchronizable](https://developer.apple.com/reference/security/ksecattrsynchronizable).
iOS dev here. You're talking about Safari Web Credentials, not Shared Keychain. I think that part of the reason many folks haven't adopted it is because there's an annoying (but necessary) requirement that you place a file on your server called an apple-app-site-association and (here's the annoying part) encrypt it in a very specific way. apple-app-site-association files are used for other things too, like universal links, but that doesn't require the file to be encrypted. Any sort of friction where the iOS developer has to tell the backend team to do something means some people aren't going to want to support it. Also, it's not clear yet how many people in Safari say yes to storing the password on the web, so it's hard to justify the work to maintain that file. I think it's worth doing though.
SoundCloud supports it! I totally agree, we need this. iCloud Keychain is my life now. 
God bless every app with 1Password integration. They are doing it right.Would love to see a list of apps that support 1password started here.
LinkedIn supports it
I agree 
Speaking as a developer, Keychain is a pain in the f***ing ass to setup and use. It's a framework that's pretty old and Apple seems to break something in it during the betas of every other big iOS revision.Maybe that's the reason we don't see more people using this feature? I for one am leery of pissing off the God of Keychain.
The only app I have which supports it is IRCCloud.  Really wish more did, or at least, had share sheet support for LastPass (which includes all the '1Password' integrations).I'd love Apple to add automatic ability to fill passwords with other apps, but that seems unlikely and they wish you would use iCloud Keychain/Safari Passwords I guess.
Apple needs to rewrite keychain from the ground up. Make it work in android and windows, and make the Mac OS X interface more like something from 2017 instead of 2000.
Most apps nowadays just use Safari View Controller, so if you're already logged in in Safari you can just continue to grant permissions. If not, iCloud Keychain, 1Password, LastPass, or whatever password manager you use, is just one action away from the share sheet. IMO it's the best way to handle signing in.
I've noticed that a few more apps have adopted and I am pleasantly surprised when I notice that an app has adopted it. But yes, more developers need to adopt it.
Also rich lock screen notifications
Why would I support it when most my users don't use Keychain (non mac and non safari)?Do you have numbers which support using it even then?
Apple makes great laptops, good phones, stable OS's but I don't trust their cloud with anything important. 
It would be an odd choice to support 1Password over the free, built-in default presumably used by orders of magnitude more people **on iOS**.I suppose it's possible Apple badly botched the API for supporting iCloud Keychain to such a degree that the average developer isn't smart enough to figure it out, but I have a hard time believing that.Edit: Just so my words aren't taken wrong, I think it's good for apps to support 1Password too.Edit: Based on a highly upvoted reply I received that didn't make sense to me at first, I'm adding another clarification **in bold**.
I see a lot of apps that have the 1Password logo on the login page. I don't have 1Pass, but when I click it it brings up a share sheet that includes LastPass, which I do have installed. After a little searching, it looks like [these](https://lastpass.com/support.php?cmd=showfaq&id=8606) apps can do it based on the linked code. Super convenient!
It's possible that maybe the developers of 1Password have been more proactive in reaching out to other developers to support their app? Apple seems more laid back when it comes to this sort of thing. 
I've seen a handful that support 1Password... but I have never seen one that supports keychain.   What does the implementation even look like?  
Most apps prefer to support other third party security protocols, like social login, because then cross-platform users can also have their integrated security.
Simple Bank has support but it's usefulness is hit or miss, that's the only one i know
Amazon works
SeatGeek's app supports it. 
It's either because that'd be too much extra work for the intern that does the companies' app for both iOS and Android, or they'd prefer you to use their proprietary security so they can sell the info to the highest bidder for some extra cash through an accidental leak.
I don't know if I've ever seen it.
I think a lot of devs have been quite good about supporting touch ID actually. 
AMEX Bluebird does as well.
[deleted]
Here in Sweden (don't know if it's in other countries) you can log in to your bank with Touch ID! Really convenient!
This! Acorns, Credit Karma, Mint, and Chase all have +1 in my book for supporting it
The 1Password IOS app does too, oddly enough.
Yeah I used to get this too. You can save passwords in safari.app, and view them in the safari settings like in other browsers, but a lot of older passwords sometimes didn't get saved in iCloud for me
[Shared Web Credentials](https://developer.apple.com/reference/security/shared_web_credentials) is actually what your looking for! I'm not 100% sure what you posted.
Doesn't iOS 9 support an unencrypted `apple-app-site-association` for Shared Web Credentials as long as your server meets the App Transport Security requirements? In any case: yeah, I've lost a few gallons of caffeine to that damn file! I'm only using it for Universal Links, but caching makes it incredibly difficult to debug.
1Password is a close second for me but I realllly wish they were both supported!
Unfortunately too many apps (Reddit included!) don't use SVC.
What? iOS uses keychain.[Besides, it takes 2 steps to get this working.](https://github.com/kishikawakatsumi/KeychainAccess)
1Password can be used across Apple, Android, and Windows devices...There isn't an order of magnitude more devices on Apple hardware than there are for Android devices or Windows hardware individually, let alone comparatively to Apple devices and hardware.NB: used devices and hardware in weird ways. Don't care enough to straighten out my phrasing. 
It isn't about being smart enough. It's about priorities. Apple provides enough APIs that are unique to its platform, developers don't want to waste time implementing another. Especially when the usage stats are probably quite low for keychain.
I had to port an app from Parse, which was simple, beautiful, very clean and well thought out, to iCloud which was like punching myself in the face with a spiked gauntlet. You can go from API to API within apple's iOS kit and you can see the whole spectrum of smart to stupid and there seems to be very little effort to keep it unified. It's not completely disjoint, but it is usually provided in terms of a lot of first principles stuff that people are expected to assemble into something working. When 95% of people would benefit from something higher level.So, everyone has to go out there and construct the same set of code to create the higher level that they need.I for one would not go out of my way to embrace anything Apple made without being forced into it. A lot of third party stuff is just better thought out.
Take a look at /u/shook_one's reply. It's not just about iOS. Many people use other password managers like 1Password and Lastpass due to their availability on other platforms such as Android and Windows. Unless there are stats to tell me otherwise, I believe your assumption that Keychain is used more is wrong.    1Password has been around since 2006 whereas Keychain wasn't released until 2013 in iOS 7. 1Password has had 7 years to not only perfect their product, but gain a massive amount of users. In your own words, those 7 years allowed 1Password to amount a magnitude of more people.    Now lets expand on what those 7 years allowed 1Password to do. As I mentioned, it let them produce a client with a plethora of features. [Here's a good article that outlines some of the advantages of 1Password](https://tidbits.com/article/16346). I'm not going to delve into each advantage the author listed as the author did a good job doing that. I will, however, say that Keychain's password generation is a joke. 15 characters long limited to alphanumeric characters only while having a dash pattern? No doubt hacking utilities have adapted and included this pattern in their attacks.    So not only have people been using 1Password for 7 years while Keychain didn't exist, 1Password has steadily added more and more features to keep these users happy and attract new users.    Now [here's the 1Password blog](https://blog.agilebits.com/2014/09/18/1password-5-ios-8-app-extension/) around the time iOS 8 was introduced with Extensions. 1Password actively worked together with other companies and developers to get them to support their app. 1Password is constantly inovating and adding new features. Once extensions were announced they were quick to get apps working with them.    So to me, as a long time 1Password user, it isn't odd that people are choosing to integrate 1Password more. They are an active company who are easy to work with. They offer great support and are actively seeking to make their product more secure.
iCloud Keychain requires an extra entitlement, the 1password integration doesn't as far as I can tell
Wow, thanks for linking that. I also use LP. 
Oh shit are you serious? I always assumed that was 1Pass only and never tried clicking it. So much time wasted!What apps have this so I can logout and test it?
me either..what apps out there support it?
It doesn't really matter unless the website supports it (and not all do!) Apps that support it are always a download away. Quicker to hit home&gt;settings&gt;safari&gt;passwords.
Incidentally, I don't know of much of an advantage to that over just having it authenticate you with your fingerprint.
This is not true, it's actually almost 100 lines to activate and use TouchID in an app.If you are only calling it as a single boolean, then you are messing something up.
Yep!  Wells Fargo is a bank in the US.  Really nice feature.
Same here in Australia. I can login into my bank account on my phone with TouchID. 
What's odd about it?  It makes a lot of sense.
1password osx does too of course.
Shared Web Credentials is different from iCloud Keychain. If you sign in to one device, kSecAttrSynchronizable will synchronise that sign in across all your devices (and restore your sign in when you restore from an iCloud backup). SWC means if you sign in in Safari, you can automatically be signed in to the app.
Just because iOS uses it doesn't mean the user does. 
Exactly. Cross-platform support is a massive advantage, and the main reason I use 1Password. If Apple made an Android app, browser plugins and included Keychain in the Windows iCloud software, then I would consider ditching 1Password, but not until more apps supported Keychain like OP says.
But what about ios exclusive apps?  Why would they have to worry about cross-platform support?
I don't follow. What relevance does 1Password being cross-platform and Windows/Android device numbers have with respect to what iOS developers should support in their iOS apps?
Agreed, there's a lot of people like me who use 1Password over Apple Keychain.
Y'know, commenting on what a developer does or does not want to do when you're ever-so-obviously not a developer seems a little pretentious.
> Unless there are stats to tell me otherwise, I believe your assumption that Keychain is used more is wrong.So you're asserting without evidence that there are more people using a third-party password storage facility that they have to pay for on iOS than are using one that is built into the operating system and will helpfully ask you if you want to use it when you set up your device?And there is clearly not a doubt in your mind.> 15 characters long limited to alphanumeric characters only while having a dash pattern? No doubt hacking utilities have adapted and included this pattern in their attacks.Imagine. Only 3.2 x 10^21 combinations. That's only about 2^105. If the NSA had your password AND the salt that it was hashed with AND they were to dedicate all of their resources to trying to guess your password, given that current estimates are that their budget allows them to guess a maximum of roughly 1 trillion passwords per second (depending on the password algorithm), it would only take them about 101 years to crack an Apple-created password. at their current rate. IF they knew that was the format it was in. If they didn't, it would take them until the heat death of the universe, at their current rate.And that's assuming that they're concentrating 100% of their computing resources on you, mind.If you're largely ignorant about a subject, you might consider not telling people authoritatively about it.
It's still trivially easy to implement. I did it in a day. 
Click that link! There's (what appears to be) a pretty complete list
Amazon supports it.
The official Imgur app supports it.https://m.imgur.com/a/HvKbR
Robinhood does
Wordpress and Flipboard support iCloud Keychain as well. Think Pinterest might, but not 100% sure. 
soundcloud is the only one.
Withings is the only one I've used that had it
PostNL does, the Dutch postal service. 
Soundcloud supports it, but it never seems to work...
Soundcloud uses it
Goldstar supports it.
Imgur 
Any webpage with a form field.
Yeah- I'll retract that. Misremembering or something- I haven't actively developed for iOS since TouchID was released (its been a while, obviously), but that I remembered form skimming the docs it was insanely simple, and that there was a single 'isUserAuthorized' call.
100 lines? I don't remember it being anywhere near that amount, even with all the error control and proper checking that you needs to do to see if the feature is supported, enabled, etc.
There might be a way to simplify it, I was guesstimating based on a few tutorials and the Apple Docs lolIt's not that complicated honestly. It IS only a about 100 lines. I don't use it because I don't have any app's that require it personally, but I've worked with contracts that do, and it's not hard.Since you made this up based on your replies, which is it: You worked with contracts that required it or you're making it up? You can't have no experience AND experience. Stop bullshitting. 
It's not a single Boolean, but it's not that much either. Maybe a couple dozen?
Did you even read SWC or the iCloud Keychain documents? For 90% of apps, SWC is the correct path you want. This is the way most of the apps listed here have done it or you would not get the prompt requesting Keychain Sign-in (shown when calling SecRequestSharedWebCredential(_:_:_:) or similar function listed in Keychain section of Apple API docs, and SWC docs)For Apps that do NOT have a website-based login associated with it, keychain may not be proper for it. [Here](https://www.raywenderlich.com/92667/securing-ios-data-keychain-touch-id-1password) is a better solution for developers with a non website-based login. They use a wrapper to hide most of the [Keychain Services code](https://developer.apple.com/reference/security/keychain_services).
Wait, so there's two settings that control whether your app's keychain gets backed up during a restore? Bloody hell, that's why it's never worked for me! 
What?
Yup, if I could get iCloud Keychain on my work computer then I would dump 1Password.
Nobody in this comment chain has said anything about iOS-exclusive apps.
They can port their app between platforms more easily...
Definitely, this feature is overrated, and the API is not well documented.
To be blunt, I know more about software development than you ever will. Especially iOS, since I was there since the app store launched. I get it though, you probably saw my post history before you commented and wanted to get at me..jealousy does that I suppose. Or envy. Atleast you know the answer to that. Thanks for the laugh though.
> So you're asserting without evidence that there are more people using a third-party password storage facility that they have to pay for on iOS than are using one that is built into the operating system and will helpfully ask you if you want to use it when you set up your device?I think you've concisely summed up my thoughts on this. As I said in another reply, I think the vast majority of people either don't use password management at all or just hit Yes to the thing on their device that asks if they want to save a password when they enter it somewhere.
Wait. Really?  Although I guess I don't save that password. 
Pinterest app and it's nagging animations ran that thing off my phone
I think what they mean is native iOS apps. 
It's not that complicated honestly. It IS only a about 100 lines. I don't use it because I don't have any app's that require it personally, but I've worked with contracts that do, and it's not hard.
There might be a way to simplify it, I was guesstimating based on a few tutorials and the Apple Docs lol
Is there still the bug with Keychains returning nil at random (a lot)? That's the reason I had to move away from it and the product owner doesn't want it back in anymore due to that issue
Um you should absolutely use the keychain for any user data that can be used as an identity. Doesn't matter if it's an oauth token or what. You should still use the keychain.And yeah I already know what they both are, this ain't my first rodeo. You don't have to be a condescending price about it. When you say iCloud Keychain you mean iCloud Keychain. If you meant shared web logins you should say that. I know some people ITT have been talking about it. But I'd also argue most devs don't realise they have to add a secattr to indicate that a keychain item is syncable.
I don't think that's true in this specific case. The way you integrate 1Password in your iOS app is going to be completely iOS-specific and different from how you would do it on Android and elsewhere.
Yeah. I have 3 Amazon accounts and it makes it way easier to switch between them.
There might be a way to simplify it, I was guesstimating based on a few tutorials and the Apple Docs lolIt's not that complicated honestly. It IS only a about 100 lines. I don't use it because I don't have any app's that require it personally, but I've worked with contracts that do, and it's not hard.Which is it: You worked with contracts that required it or you're making it up)?? Either you have experience or you don't. Stop bullshitting (badly, may I add). 
There might be a way to simplify it, I was guesstimating based on a few tutorials and the Apple Docs lolIt's not that complicated honestly. It IS only a about 100 lines. I don't use it because I don't have any app's that require it personally, but I've worked with contracts that do, and it's not hard.Which is it: You worked with contracts that required it or you're making it up? 
I don't think they have had that issue since mid iOS 9? Don't quote me on it though.
*shrug* Apple wraps them both under Keychain, and Keychain (with much else) under Security.
The real answer is that not everyone uses all apple everything. So someone might have an iPad, and android phone, and a windows computer. Supporting one password or last pass or whatever means that any user can sync passwords across devices. iCloud Keychain will only work for people that have all apple stuff
Curious, why do you have three amazon accounts
There is a difference between implementing it yourself in a clean project and seeing customized code in a project that has already been built.Any project that uses User Authentication will always be larger because they have customized errors, responses, and submissions to their specific needs and situation. SO seeing the Apple Docs and tutorials say it's about 100 lines of code may be a rough estimate, where I might have seen it closer to 150 or 200 after customization.Have you ever coded authentication? It's never just copy and paste. There is ALWAYS customizations.
This is my exact setup. Though the windows computer is a MacBook, it is generally in Windows due to work reasons.  
If you and the other person are trying to say that people who use a mix of Apple devices and non-Apple devices are likely to not use iCloud Keychain, then I disagree. I think most people don't use a password manager at all, and most of the rest just hit Yes to the thing on their device that asks if they want to save a password when they enter it somewhere.Anyway, this conversation got downvoted, so it's moot.
Three wives?
Bet it's because of free prime trial for students...amirite? 
I'm glad I saw this post. Thanks for the heads up. This was one of the things I was worried about. I'm going to cancel my order and buy the AirPods instead. Shame I have to wait so long for them to arrive though. 
Did you try with the wing tips?
I use AirPods for working out. Been doing Insanity Max 30 with them and they don't fall off my ears. make sure to clean the sweat before putting them pack in the case.
I used mine today in the gym as well. Didn't seem to have a issue with them at all. I do have the wing tips in as well though. 
I used them in the gym today and they fell off once. I agree PowerBeats are much better for the gym but these aren't a definite no. I use wing tips if it matters. 
Has anyone used them while snowboarding/skiing? I am scared to take my AirPods on the mountain, but the Beats X seem like they won't fall out.
Can you not put the band in front of your neck instead for those types of workouts? Or is the band designed to only lay behind your neck?
thanks for the post, I'm still going to give them a try if not ill return them, I've heard from other people that they stay in the ear and I've also watched a few youtube videos of people testing them without a problem
Weird they work perfect for me when working out or running. Given I do have a thicker neck then most people...
I haven't gotten a chance to go to the gym with my pair of BeatsX yet but I just put them on and laid on the floor to simulate bench pressing. They didn't fall off my neck or anything, which makes me optimistic about their use in the gym.
Funny, everyone was worried about the AirPods in this situation and thought the beats x would be the better option, but based on this and people's AirPods experience, it seems it could be the opposite of what people expected. 
You should really get AirPods. They are the absolute ideal solution for working out. They're comfortable, light, they don't get jarred at all because a cable cant tug on them like you mentioned. Battery life is amazing, they charge quickly. AirPods are ideal for the gym 
I've enjoyed working out with my Airpods. So far they've only fallen out once and that was outside on a very windy day. 
Go for the jaybird x3s.  They are a similar design but have wire management so no loose cables, plus they are sweatproof
I used them today and they were fine but it was leg day :(
Is it possible to wear them ith the band on the front so they don't cause that problem?
I just use my jay bird x2s for the gym. The beats x are my everyday wireless head sets 
Check out the JayBirds x3, They have a set of parts htat allow you to tighten the neck strap till it's flush against your neck.Took me about 20 minutes of messing with it and the ear bud covers, you get 6 pairs, 3 sizes of silicone rubbery and 3 of a foam that I love. Once they're in they stay put.They also come with an app for adjusting the EQ. After testing them out in workout mode I loved them. The audio I think has a broader range than the airpods, however, the base is a little weak in comparison. Also an 8 hour battery. I charge them once every 2 days
I used them and they didn't fall out for me. I also have them going over my ear though. 
got the airpods for this very reason, plus, while doing dead-lifts, they're great.
They were perfect for me on a four mil run today. No issue at all. I can lying down causing a problem. In that case try putting the flexible piece under your collar if at all possible. 
I have a similar problem with my Powerbeats 3. I just decided to wear them in front of the neck instead, problem solved. Although I'm not sure what this is like with Beats X since the battery placement appears to be in the cable.
it's almost like Beats makes a specific headphone for the gym...
Thanks for the info I was planning to buy for gym but as I can see they r not for that.
I've used AirPods at the gym for months now. 10/10
This is what I think its gonna be. Now I'm seriously considering not buying it. :(
Yeah, personally I wouldn't work out with a pair with any type of cord, as little as it might be.
I've heard that if you order from Best buy they come within 2 weeks. May be worth a try and canceling your order from apple if they ship quickly. 
You would cancel an order based on someone else's experience? I would at least try them out, you have nothing to lose with their return policy.At any rate, I haven't gotten a chance to go to the gym with my pair of BeatsX yet but I just put them on and laid on the floor to simulate bench pressing. They didn't fall off my neck or anything, which makes me optimistic.
Trust me the airpods aren't any better for working out. I use the powerbeats 3 instead of the airpods. Airpods are good for other situations.
I had the airpods and sold them. It was honestly annoying dealing with the sweat against them while working out. Also I'd constantly be feeling like I need to adjust them because they tend to move around during moderate activity. Granted, I never had them fall out at the gym.
I have no issue with them staying in my ears. The problem is when I lay on my back, the part that is suppose to rest on your neck hangs down behind your back and tugs on your ears. After every set I had to put it back on my neck which was very annoying.
Man, I can't wait for mine to arrive!!!
What exercises do you do?
Did you have any trouble getting the the wingtips on? I feel like I'm putting a lot of pressure to get it to sit over the earbuds..
It's a shame that the mini cord between earbuds causes almost as many issues with tug and falling out as traditional earbuds that plug directly to your device. It's a good thing that they're stopgap tech that won't be around longer. Having used AirPods for 6 weeks or so now, I wouldn't want to go back to any kind of cord for mobile use. Having one between buds is almost as annoying as the traditional method. 
Someone posted here when AirPods first came out and said that AirPods fit perfectly under a beanie/helmet and worked fantastically when they were snowboarding. I think they even said the mic's still worked for phone calls even though their helmet/hat material was covering the AirPods.
Been doing workouts at the gym with airpods on, never had any problem
I wear my airpods to the gym and snowboarding (with helmet) and I've had no problems at all.
They don't fall off for you? 
Same for me. I've never had an issue with them. I run at the gym, do squat thrusts, jump rope, decline sit-ups, bench press etc and they stay in without issue. 
Second this.  I used to use earpods while my phone charged at night for ambient sound but with the removal of the headphone jack I decided to try a pair of these and they worked really well with the wire behind the head setup.
AirPods are here for you
My AirPods are amazing in the gym and on runs
Ah, that's probably a good idea. Thanks for the suggestion. Edit: Best Buy's estimated ship date is also March 28.
Ordered from Best Buy over 2 weeks ago and nothing has changed so it may take longer then 2 weeks.
Or from eBay in one hour
They have a bunch of AirPods at my SamsClub here in SoCal. They also had the 7 and 7plus in every color back when everyone was looking for one as well(I do remember jet black selling out frequently tho). 
AirPods are spectacular for working out.  But I mainly do cardio, but I lay down with them without issue,..so I would think they would be just as snug for bench use. 
I have the Powerbeats 2 and AirPods and I wear the AirPods to the gym five days a week over the Powerbeats. I've never had a problem with them falling out in any workout I've done. The only time I use my Powerbeats is when I'm going on long runs outside, as I don't want to drop one while trail running and I just feel like I could potentially lose one. 
I've had them loosen at the gym with heavy sweat but never fall out. I got 5 dollar earhoox and just keep them in my gym shorts pocket and my AirPods are rock solid 
I personally love the feeling of the EarPods as they fit perfectly in my ears. So, I'm not too worried about getting the airpods instead. I am a little worried about losing them at the gym though. If you're not listening to any music, do you just sort of forget that they're there? Or will you always feel them?
I have had the last hen beats for 6 months or so. I couldn't stand the cord behind my neck. I have alway warn it in front. And not once has it caused me any issues. I don't know if you've tried it but give it a go before you get to upset with them. 
I had a pair of the LG neck band headphones. I would just flip them around when I benched so the band was on my throats rather than the back of my neck. Not a fault with the design, just a consequence of it. 
So no. Try the wing tips and try again. I had issues like yours and the tips helped 
Are you sure you put them on the correct ear? I put one on the wrong way at first, they should curve toward your face, not towards the back the head, when placing the buds in your ears
Dude you need to chill. You have been straight shitting on BeatsX for 2 days. You act like the AirPods are the greatest invention of all time. Glob forbid that other people have different opinions and think the cord is a good thing. Chill. 
I agree. I bought some cheapo Mpow Bluetooth earbuds for $25 or something, but I can't stand the cord behind my neck. I prefer to use EarPods
They work well for me working out, but I just can't imagine they would stay in after taking a spill going 30mph :)
Have had them since release day and have not fallen out once. *knock on wood*. They're amazing 
Not the guy you replied to, but I run and workout with mine everyday and they've never once even come close to falling out. They're very snug in my ears.
I think I must have fairly normal ears I guess because they work well for me. I have to wear the one on the right at a very slightly different angle than the one on the left and my right ear will sometimes be just a tiny bit tender when I've been using them for hours on end for days at a time. They really fit close to perfect for me though, close enough I'm totally satisfied. I don't usually jog or anything but I cycle with them going 20+ MPH with wind going down and its totally fine. The AirPods are def my fav gadget I've bought in a long time. Probably since my iPhone 6+
I can't believe how hard it is to get these for you guys in the U.S.I live in Toronto, I went into an Apple Store and saw a lady doing a demo of the AirPods so I asked for one too. Tried them out and they asked if I wanted to buy them. There was a bunch on the rack.But apparently this things are rare in the U.S. lol
Yeah I've heard (On this sub actually) that their dates are far out but they're consistently shipping in about 2 weeks. I don't know if that will turn out to be true or not. Its probably worth a try since it'll be a while before apple charges you. They're worth the wait but its still nice to not have to wait so long if at all possible 
Yeah I ordered on the 31. Still yet to ship though. 
But Best Buy is msrp 
I always knew I had them in, they weren't uncomfortable or anything outside of the gym. I just didn't like them while working out because sweat against the glossy plastic they use made them feel weird to me. I imagine it's a personal preference thing.
I wear mine to the gym everyday and don't really notice them in my ears too much. They super snug and don't move at all even when I'm running or benching. If I'm not listening to music (which is never since I always listen to music while I workout) I'd just leave them in the case in my locker. Just curious, but why would you bring them to the gym with you if you're not going to listen to music?
That's not really going to work for Beats X... the cord is intentionally somewhat weighted so that it sits on your neck, the cord on the Powerbeats is as light as it can possibly be.
Yup, I did put them on correctly. I don't think there is a way to put them on backwards without realizing it's incorrect along the way. They just felt tight before they fully bottomed out.. I just didn't want to risk damaging anything on day one, lol.
If they did fall out snowboarding, you would absolutely never find them.
Oh yeah that'd be my concern too, but I mean if your hat and helmet are both covering the AirPods (most snowboard/ski helmets seem to have ear covers) then I'd wager they'd probably keep them from flying out.
I wish there wasn't a long wait 
I work in a call center and I bought em to get away with listening to music while I work (under my work phone headset) and yeah it gets tender on both my ears, even the one without a headset. It's not that bad, but yeah. It's also weird to have headphones that get slightly warm in the ear...
I can confirm this. I live in Winnipeg, Canada and there's no shortage whatsoever. I went to my Apple store the day after they came out and bought a pair nbd. They've had them in stock ever since
I just put the order in. I know I'll still be monitoring istocknow obsessively though. I kind of regret not ordering them when they first came available. 
Yeah the wait sucks. I'm honestly surprised they're still this backordered. 
Sweet!!! Hope to hear that they ship in ten days or so!I ordered mine I think like a half hour or an hour after they launched for sale and I still waited something like 3 weeks I guess. It was really nice going ahead and getting in line right away though. I would've honestly thought that they would be more widely available by now, but for whatever reason it seems to be a challenge for Apple to make enough of these guys for the demand to be satisfied. Ill tell you you def won't regret trying the best buy thing. Basically risk free since the apple order shouldn't go through for a bit and you could return them anyway if like freakishly the orders went though the same day or something. Looking forward to another /r/apple user getting AirPods bro. I think they're my favorite gadget I've gotten since I got my first iPhone. They make you realize just how much you've accommodated headphones wires in your life and its not pretty. 
You think they would add some software so We would be able to increase or decrease volume? Or maybe they would come out with another version that might do so. 
Many are hopeful they'll add more tap gestures which can be customized to adjust volume. I'm lucky enough to have an Apple Watch which is how I usually change the volume when I'm at the gym, otherwise I just click the volume buttons on my phone through my pants. Do you have an Apple Watch? It really makes adjusting the volume a lot less of an issue.
Nope, but I might consider an Apple Watch by the end of the year. 
True long distance wireless charging is the next big thing. I hope Apple pulls this off somehow. 
That wireless charger has to be at least $100 right?I mean we're all playing the guessing game but I can't see Apple making it cheap. I mean look at the Apple Pencil and AirPods. Both are $100+.I'm going to guess $140. 
The (rumored long range) wireless charger costs a lot (not just the material costs), it's impossible for them to include it without having to increase the price, which then would cause reddit to rage over how apple charges more for anything. Plus, it's an *optional* way of charging the phone. People who are fine with corded charging can pay exactly zero extra dollars for charging the phone. Just as how warranty services are sold separately on every consumer electronic product in the US -- in many countries, warranties are often bundled in products, depending on the brands and respective products. In the US we get **choices**, yet some people still don't think we are already more privileged to have the freedom to choose. 
Isn't it a bit too early to be saying what will and won't be included in the box? Those seem like decisions that would be made closer to launch. 
So only the 5 iPhone will have an OLED screen, wireless charging, and a glass body?   I wonder what specific group that phone is targeted at winning over 
If USB-C is the future in 2016 they better fucking ship this thing with a lighting-to-usb cable in 2017.
So, I guess now is a good time to get out?
Whats next? No stickers included in the box?!?!
wish they'd release a side phone with the fucking headphone jack. I really can't live without it, and I don't know what I'm gonna do when my 6 gives up.
Nintendo aggravatingly does this with the New 3DS. It should be illegal to not include a charger with a device.
Wireless charging is just super inefficient though :/ i like my battery charging at *lightening* speeds (pun intended)
No Headphone Jack Adapter, so they're putting back the Headphone Jack to phone then.
Can someone explain to me why wireless charging (as it stands now) is anything more than cool? Your phone would be anchored to one spot on a table in order to...not be able to use your phone easily while it charges? I'd much rather have a 6 foot cable that I can use while I lay in bed.     Feels like pretty flawed logic to me.
Do most Wireless-capable Android phones right now come with a wireless charger? 
But, I like the small to medium phones :-/
Yeah I'd imagine it'd be the same with the iPhone
Blah rumours punch of salt,blah. 
Doesn't make sense. If it's inductive charging, there's no reason not to include it. It's a simple part, cheap. If they're selling separately, it's something more complex.
AirPods are out now, and the lightning adapter is only ~$9(?) so I'm not too worried about them including an adapter in the box...
Since I expected to see a USB-C cable in the box at all...
Apple has a history of making changes to set up future models. When they dropped the headphone jack my first thought was what are they doing on the 8 that would make this a good idea? Perhaps attempting to get rid of *all* cables?
they still need to do short distance wireless charging.
Don't expect to see long distance wireless charging for years. Not any time in the near future.
Apple can pull this off because its engineers can manipulate not only the electric and magnetic fields, but also the reality distortion field.
This is not physically possible. I don't think Apple will be able to defy the laws of physics - I wouldn't get your hopes up for long distance charging.Source: power electronics, for the layman: https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=TQwGjhwPEik
Not even Apple can change physics.
This doesn't really seem like an Apple thing to do. The current generation of long distance wireless charging is extremely wasteful and energy inefficient. There are just some things that are limited by physics and this might be one of them.
a) even if apple can pull this off this would cause charging to become even slower. Right now Apple has some of the SLOWEST charging times out of any major manufacturer, its a joke http://images.anandtech.com/graphs/graph10685/83913.pngCompare that to Oneplus 3T Dash charging (60% in 30 minute) and   the Google pixel with fast charging. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cbELsT1hfnAb)Again even if they could pull this off this would only work at home, you would still need to a charging port when you are away from home/on the go. 
Isn't this not possible because of physics?  I was reading an argument regarding this and this was the main point it was impossible.  
I believe they're working on it and intend to pull it off at one point, whether it's 2017 or later.
They will pull it off a year or two after Samsung does it.
The fucking Apple Watch charger dock is $80, a wireless charger for the phone will easily be $150.
Would be a rip off. A charging pad is very, very simple.
You're joking right? You do understand that the Apple Pencil isn't just a stylus...right? $100 for what that truly is; is spot on. Example: https://us-store.wacom.com/catalog/stylus/intuos-creative-stylus2
> That wireless charger has to be at least $100 right?The wireless charger will be a much higher volume product and, unlike the Pencil or AirPods, it's the type of accessory many people will buy more than one of. 
The wireless charger is going to be $59 USD. They're not going to charge more than a macbook pro charger. Also, there's no way the phone comes without some way to charge it. If it's a USB-C port, it will come with a USB-C cable.
Yeah, the macrumors forum is just an avalanche of whining by people who have no sense of the practical realities of shipping a product.
I don't mind as long as we have whatever cable is required to charge...Selling a phone without any charger would be stupid.
>The wireless charger costs a lot (not just the material costs)I don't think it would, charging pads are currently available for under $40, sometimes as low as $15, so I don't imagine production costs for would be any higher than $15 even for Apple's product, and possibly more like $7.If you're talking about long range wireless chargers than sure, I'd agree there's no way they're bundling that giant thing with the phone, but that technology's a pipe dream if you ask me.
When you think about the direction of travel Apple have taken - consistently undocking from the computer - I wouldn't be surprised if the iPhone goes wireless charging only. 
How to develop for it?  Can I connect to computer 
Let's just say these new rumored features are indeed true. I HIGHLY doubt Apple would leave such an important aspect of the marketing of these features down to the last few months of the launch.
I can't tell if you have a specific demographic in mind that wants these things or if you're genuinely wondering who the target group would be.
By most recent reports, the OLED should have a 5.8 inch display, which will be the largest phone display Apple has ever shipped. The display will also occupy space currently consumed by front bezels, so even in the phone is in a smaller body, the display should be pretty large.
It'll win me over, that's for sure.
The group that must have the latest model no matter what?  
[deleted]
Just because USB-C is the future, doesn't mean the future of the iPhone is connecting it to a computer. Apple has spent a ton of time and money on pushing more and more of the sync features of iOS to be wireless. It's at the point now where most of their customers don't need to plug their phones in to computers for anything other than charging, which they appear to also be focusing on making wireless as well.
You mean like with iPhone 7 and headphone jack?
While I don't personally use the stickers, I do think they're a nice touch and would be sad to see them go. 
iPhone SE
Buy the $9 adapter then
I don't think they're saying no charger is being included  they're saying that the wireless charger will be separate and the USB-C cable will be separate. It will still likely include the Lightening to USB cable.
I personally think in the 3DS' case it's fine. A lot of people were upgrading their old device and didn't need a charger, which can result in less waste. Would you prefer they effectively force you to pay for a charger by increasing the price and including one in every sale? 
Why are you trying to lighten your charge speed?
Wireless charging car mount for battery intensive navigation is awesome. 
If you trickle charge continuously then you don't need fast charging. 
Haha
The concept is that you can effortlessly boost your battery throughout the day. Most people put their phone on their desk while they're working, with wireless you just set it down on the right spot and you're charging without any extra effort. Not that it's hard to plug in a cable, but if you've got a coffee in one hand and your phone in the other then it's just as easy as to charge as not charge.
No, but they come with a cable for wired charging. Wireless charger pads are separate.
Or just moneybags.
They dropped the headphone jack on the iPhone 7 so it wouldn't be an issue with the iPhone 8 (the rumoured redesign). 
Wasn't the Apple Watch their entrance to short distance wireless charging?
http://imgur.com/4TidPeK
Why?
Are we talking about the same apple that can't make a 2 button mouse, but instead tries to emulate right clicks with a single button?
It is very much physically possible, it's just that microwaving yourself is considered to not be particularly good for your health.
Can be done with microwaves or similar, but eh...
It's possible in theory. Just impossibly inefficient. 
Nikola Tesla was supposedly suuuuper close before dying. If anyone could finish his work it'd be the military or apple
What? that's the premium dock, the charger is $29.I'm sure an apple wireless charging dock would cost $39 separately, but would probably only cost $15 or less to manufacture and could therefore be included with every phone as well.
Depends on the technology. If it's just a magnetic/induction pad then yeah, it could be as low as $49 USD, which is what Samsung Charges. If it's truly wireless, then perhaps more. 
Said like a person who's never made a charging pad, inductive or otherwise. 
LOL then make one yourself. Stop crying or go buy a fucking Android.
You mean like what the Surface Pro and Samsung Note lines includes for free in their products?  Both used Wacom stylus's in the past.
Exactly. And the serious lack of general knowledge of the consumers market
Well obviously Apple wouldn't do that.
> Selling a phone without any charger would be stupid.Lol... Are you implying that's a possibility?
Well, bluetooth earbuds are also available for cheap, but Airpods costs $160. Knowing Apple, they'll probably have some additional features like better range or energy efficiency or something. 
I can't see Apple ever implementing wireless charging in its *current* form. It's actually less useful because you can't move, and therefore use, your phone while it's on the pad. There's enough rumours about the Energous form of wireless charging that I'd be kind of surprised if it doesn't feature in this year's phones. 
If the numerous leaks on the apple's long range wireless charging are true, this wireless charging won't be your average same old wireless charging in other phones. The current wireless charging is not only old and cheap, but nearly **pointless**Apple's rumored new tech has been demo in ces, because it's not directly from apple's in house tech
This will take several years at least. The current state of long range wireless charging is nowhere near efficient enough to become the main charging method. But, yeah, eventually, it'll replace the corded charging, as they remove the port entirely. 
If this is the case then it's guaranteed to come in the box with the phone. In addition to that, it would then require all triage to be done OTA, which I think is a pipe dream. Taking these two things (cost and servicability) into consideration, it's probably fair to say the lightning connector isn't going anywhere any time soon.
I was just making a joke about how similar it is to the Galaxy phones
I really want this to be the case. I like the size of the 4.7 inch phone. But the screen could be bigger.
You people need to stop reading bullshit reports and taking them as gospel. There is no iPhone 8 box. There will be no OLED screen (and thank god for that). And there will be no wireless/OTA charging. 
I'm happy your condescending answer makes you feel big for once
Yes. For wireless charging. 
Oh the humanity...
I dunno, offer it as a bundle? I had the og DS but that is long gone somewhere in my home. Was bummed that I HAD to buy it separately 
I don't know why people are under some weird impression that long range wireless charging is suddenly a thing...
Why would I want my phone lying on a pad continuously?
I think the trouble here is different definitions of short long etc.In this case, yes, you're right, they have worked with short distance wireless charging, if short is defined as a couple of mm.However, I think /u/cj323 probably feels that short distance is substantially more than the few mm current, commercially available induction charging tech is capable of.I'm most looking forward to the point where I can just put my devices down on a powered surface such as my desk, kitchen bench or bedside table, in pretty much any random orientation, and have them charge. Preferably without adding too much cost to said surface.
They just call it inductive.
Haha, love it
I don't get it. This a real photo of wireless charging in action, I guess? 
Physics
Energy drops off in an inverse proportion to the cube of distance. As you go farther in *n* increments, you deliver *n*^-3 power. You'd have to have a very powerful transmitter, and you would probably encounter heat problems in your home due to the radiation.*THIS IS A VERY BASIC OVERVIEW AND DOES NOT COVER ALL PROBLEMS, MERELY THE MOST OBVIOUS.*
What can be done with microwaves?  Can you elaborate how you can get long distance wireless charging using microwaves without needing some insanely large and powerful transmitter?
He probably was as close as Fermat was to proving his last theorem. 
It's just nonsense that takes away from Tesla's real accomplishments. Yes, he spent a lot of money he didn't have trying to build a power transmission tower that was never finished. Yes, he could wirelessly power light bulbs in a lab. But a century of scientific advancement has concretely proven that any wireless transmission to power devices is impractical to say the least.1. The inverse square law means it takes *exponentially* more power to achieve the same effect with every increased unit of distance. So when we go from a few millimetres to a few centimetres, we're already wasting an incredible amount of energy.2. You probably don't like being microwaved. Yes, you hear your lunch with a 1000W radio antenna in a box. Yes, attempting to wirelessly power electronic devices is the same principle.3. With great power comes great interference. I hope you don't like using wireless technology to, say, place phone calls or access the Internet. Because wireless charging would trample all over radio spectrum worse than an unshielded microwave oven.
its not going to be $39 if samsung sells a fast wireless charging pad for $70
He said dock, and I wouldn't  be so sure considering Apple's tendencies to charge for premium accessories in the past
I'm assuming it's not truly wireless. Maybe Apple will pull a rabbit out of their hat, but I'm firmly in the I'll believe it when I see it camp.
Truly wireless?
apple cant break physics, a truly wireless charger will need to be huge to get a few feet, plus copious levels of radiation. plus its slow.so induction charging at best.
Inductive charging is not a particularly complex principle. 
You know, most people are in this sub to discuss Apple and its products, not just give binary buy/don't buy responses.
The Surface Pen is a bit more basic though (most notably it lacks tilt support). And it still costs $59.99. They also use n-trig now. 
Compare the line lag on all these products. Hugely different user experience.
Er no. It's way way better. Take it from a guy who use Wacom stuffs on a daily basis. 
Hasn't the EU been trying to get phone manufacturers to a point where they can eventually start doing just that?
Cordless bluetooth earbuds with good quality never come cheap. AirPods not only have high quality build, but they've got a W1 processor in the earbuds, as well as much better audio quality than other cordless bluetooth earbuds. The price is actually much lower than I imagined it would beEdit: removed bolds
The airpods include batteries, processors, and are an RF device.A wireless charging pad simply isn't a very complicated piece of technology, electric toothbrushes have been doing it since the 90's; Apple would surely tweak and enhance it, but it's just not a wheel that can be reinvented.Apple's 5w DC USB adapter included with every iPhone is also a refined, high quality, efficient technology, but they know to their users it's still just a charger and they aren't going to brag about it in their marketing or start selling it separately.
It would be perfect for myself, I don't use my phone on the charger, I charge it when I sleep; So rather than fumbling my phone onto a lightning dock every night I'd just be able to set it down on my nightstand.
I came from the Nexus 6 and Note 7, you'd be surprised at how useful inductive wireless charging is when you use it for the first time. It's so nice to be able to sit your phone on a pad for a quick tip up instead of having to fumble with a cable. 
See [my other comment on that](https://www.reddit.com/r/apple/comments/5tgu9q/iphone_8_said_to_have_separate_wireless_charger/ddmhgt3/https://www.reddit.com/r/apple/comments/5tgu9q/iphone_8_said_to_have_separate_wireless_charger/ddmhgt3/) if you're interested.What they've demonstrated at CES is a useless joke, used to conjure imagination of the tech as a practical reality; It's not even close.
15W wireless charging (an already existing technology, used on the Galaxy S7 for example) charges up phones faster than the iPhone 7 currently charges. On that aspect, it would be totally possible to rely on wireless charging only. 
It's about due time for lightning to go. 4/6 years is generally how long Apple live with a connector, they've announced a MFi certified accessory charging connector, and they've had the time and product focus to perfect wireless charging with the Apple Watch.They know better than anyone else, as we've seen with Bluetooth headphones, that they can use their market position to shift market focus. The only way wireless charging is ever going to get popular is if a company Apple's size makes it non-optional.
Can we take your comment here as gospel?
You're so incredibly wrong about the bezel-less OLED model. The most reliable Apple rumor sources have been incredibly consistent on this for a long time now, whereas you are just talking out of your bum. I'm inclined to believe now that it'll be capable of inductive charging, but the name 'iPhone 8' isn't certain. There's always people denying rumors for things that eventually do happen, that's what your comment is.
Why don't you like OLED? It's great!
You knew it wasn't true the second smaller bezels was mentioned, really.
I don't think that's what he meant... just that you'd be putting your phone on the wireless charging pad throughout the day as you're at home, at your desk, etc. I mean, even starbucks has wireless charging pads built into some of their tables. I could see that getting more popular so people can grab 5-10% wherever they are.
Because it was demoed at CES this year?
That's not wireless. If it's touching the source of the power it's just inductive charging. 
Agreed.  Inductive charging would be nice, but an insignificant improvement. I'm quite fond of my Apple Store style dock and an Apple Watch style charger doesn't seem any nicer.If my phone can charge while being a few feet from a charger, or more, then my interest is piqued. 
This is a shot from the 2006 movie The Prestige. In this scene Hugh Jackman's character is witnessing Tesla's demonstration of wireless electricity.
Care to elaborate?I know what 'Physics' is thanks.
Square, not cube.
It's <5 watts spread over a large array of smart soft antennas doing fuzzy beam forming.   
It took a few hundred years but someone finished the proof. So along these lines, then someone will finish Tesla's theory.
If Apple sold a wireless charger for less than Samsung (or other android manufacturers), just imagine the mental gymnastics that /r/technology would pull to somehow make Apple look bad.
Ok but I still think you're confusing the point... they don't just sell the dock, they sell a regular charger too.Maybe there will be a $99 premium wireless charging dock, but they'll sell a regular power pad too.
Truly wireless charging is the only right way to do it, in my opinion. I had a Nexus 4 with wireless charging, and the experience just wasn't that good. If my battery was running low, and I wanted to use the phone for more than a few minute, I'd have to go find my old fashioned wired charger. It negates most of the benefit of wireless charging. Apple should do truly wireless charging or nothing at all. 
People think that Apple has magical technology that allows them to circumvent the laws of physics and allow you to charge a phone within like 5 feet of a charger without a wire or contact with a pad.
All wireless charging solutions on the market today require the user to rest the phone on an inductive charging pad. So while it is indeed wireless, the phone is relegated to resting on a stationary pad if you want to charge it. So the wireless features arguably provide the user with less flexibility than the wired system. An analogy: today's wireless charging systems would be as if wireless internet (wifi) required you to place your laptop in a very specific spot, or lose all internet connection. Sure, you wouldn't have to plug in your Ethernet cable, but being forced to use the laptop in one spot makes the thing less convenient than an old fashioned wire. 
Does it now cost money?  When I bought a Surface Pro 2 and 3 it came with it.  I know the switched to a new company, but when they were using wacom it still had lots of input sensitivity, and even better the battery lasted for years.
No.
Yeah, I agree with you. It was my point that at the first glance they seem to be expensive, but there are often additional features that make them actually worth. 
> Cordless bluetooth earbuds with good quality never come cheap.That's going to change rapidly. Until the 7 was announced you could buy cheap bluetooth earphones for 15 - 50 or expensive ones from 250 up, the middle market was virtually non-existent (note the Airpod sits toward the middle of that range at 160). After the 7 launch mid-market headphones were announced left right and centre - once third party companies have volume all kinds of price points become available to them.This is why they made a lot of unpopular moves with the 7, it leaves room for manoeuvre with the 8 series and moved the third party accessory market significantly. 
[deleted]
K fine, BeatsX. Happy now?
Well yeah, but what if the pad can store power off the grid, is small enough to fit in a bag and automatically detect when your phone is near and charge it? It would be a pretty comfortable wireless powerbank and for me it would be revolutionary. I don't think they can do it yet though. \\\_()_/ 
I'm exactly the same
Exactly. Once you've used it you like it. It sounds a bit stupid at first, but it totally suits my needs. I have two wireless chargers (the quick charge variants); one on my bedside table and one, a stand, on my desk. 
Yeah, I'm sure it has its uses, but I also think this is Apple's wheelhouse. Good idea, but not implemented as well as it could be. 
Yeah I know that. The efficiency was too low. Apple had been testing it way before this year's ces and always deemed it unusable. But that's why I said in my comment if these do come true. I never said it'll definitely happen
I'd be interested to read it, but that's a dead link
The 30-pin connector was around for 10 years. 
There's been an OLED coming on every iPhone since the 5. It's not happening and for many good reasons. I'm not talking out my ass. I'm talking about bullshit rumors that are indeed bullshit and always turn out to be. 
It isn't. Maybe for a watch that has its screen on 10x less than a phone it's okay. It has a half life screen brightness of 2 years. 5x less than LCD. Screen burning. Cant display true white. Over saturated colors. Color balance; blues/greens/reds degrade at different rates. Some phones get around this by altering the color balance over time but is only a temporary fix and impossible to do precisely. Some also actually make the pixels different sizes; again, a temporary fix that leads to holes in the luminescence.  Blues are five times less efficient than reds and greens. Water damages the display instantly. This can be condensation or submersion caused making them less durable. The ionic cathodes act as a mirror making OLEDs 80% less visible in sunlight. Only SuperAMOLED have been shown to outperform basic LCDs on brightness and reflectance, and can't even come close to the iPhone 7s display. It forces the OS to work around the screen to conserve energy to even get close to being able to be called power saving, because to display whites they use up to four times as much energy. Despite claims of these issues being fixed, it has not. It's vastly inferior to Apples retina HD. Downvote if you want it isn't going to make OLED happen. Why do you have such a hard on for it. Really, it should tell you something that Apple hasn't adopted OLED. And they won't. Wanna make a bet? I'll throw down $100. 
Smoke and mirrors. If someone found a way around the inverse square law they'd be an academic legend, not peddling crap at CES.Those devices demoed are wasting a phenomenal amount of electricity to achieve what a little copper wire does exponentially more efficiently.
If something is demoed at CES this year, do you expect that tech to be mass produced for millions of devices in that very year?Also the demos at CES were not long range, hovering your device 2 inches away from the pad is not cost/energy efficient 
It doesn't use wires, which is what wireless means. It would be called something like contactless charging.
Inductive charging is completely wireless. There is no wire transferring the power, and it doesn't have to touch the pad. What wireless transfer method are you expecting? I feel like most people here have never taken physics. 
I'm not sure what can be done within the laws of physics. The energy reduces with the inverse square of the distance. 
Physics is the study of matter and energy interactions. (I kid, I kid)So power theoretically can be transferred through any number of mediums, we've found so far that wires of differing composition (aluminum, copper, gold, etc) are best and most economical and provide the lowest chance at losses of that power over given distances. When that medium becomes the air the losses become exponential. When the distance and direction are fixedand small we can control it pretty well (see wireless charging docks) but as distance increases so do the losses. When the power quantities need to be large enough to charge a battery from an ever varying distance and direction (or - you walking around with a phone in your pocket) you make it nearly infeasible technologically and financially to have this become a reality. 
With math that didn't exist at the time. The common theory goes that Fermat might have been on to something, but didn't have a complete proof. 
The point is apple wont do that, apple is supposed to be a premium company, lowering their prices under android manufacturers would ruin that image in apples mind 
I put that term in quotes because I think it's more fantasy than anything that can actually happen in the foreseeable future. 
There are companies that have shown working demos of this, so I don't think it's that crazy. [Example](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7AFJeaYojhU)
It really is absolutely nuts what some people believe.On a random note, I just got done installing induction brazing machines at work last month. They're really, really cool.
Sorry, it does still come bundled with Surface Pro and Surface Book. I was just pointing out what it's individual cost is (I would argue the cost of the Pen is a factor in the price of the Surface). But more specfically I was trying to point out the Surface Pen isn't directly comparable to the Apple Pencil or Wacom stylii that support tilt, etc
Hopefully, if the long range charging does happen, it'll be the first in the market. Because right now there seems to be only one company that holds the patent, and other flagships phones either have a timeline unfit for them to incorporate it before apple, or too early to happen, or simply don't seem likely to even use the tech. Samsung's the most likely one to use it next. They might try to beat apple to the market with that, if they manage to get a hold of the tech, like they intended go do with the note7, which ended in a catastrophic death, unfortunate for them though...
Because he generalized all the bluetooth earbuds. The cordless ones are a different category. And many people also mix them up all the time. The only bolded words are the ones he missed out on
He was talking about airpods And beatsX also has W1
But then you'll need a wireless charger for your wireless charger...It's power pads all the way down.
It's ironically like a lot of things that Apple has done in the past. Before you use it, you can't see it a use for it. After you use it for awhile you wonder why it wasn't done before. 
Truly wireless charging is the dream, but i don't think it is close enough/good enough for the next iPhone yet. There are some physics problems that are harder than ones Apple has tackled in the recent past. In the meantime thigh, inductive charging only requires a coil, pad, and non metal back and is a good stopgap. I hope Apple does it. 
Huh, [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/apple/comments/5tgu9q/iphone_8_said_to_have_separate_wireless_charger/ddmhgt3/)
I've been following Apple rumors pretty much daily since there was chatter about a color display coming to the iPod. I've never seen a rumor this consistent not make into a release.It's not very sounds logic that just because you've heard unreliable people speculating about OLED in previous iPhones, and it didn't appear, that the iPhone will *never* get an OLED display... and suddenly a massive wave of continuous rumors from reliable sources should be ignored.
Didn't they get rights to use the patent starting in 2017? So the reason it hasn't happened yet is they weren't legally allowed to, and therefore didn't?
You need sources for some of these claims as they pertain to modern OLED panels. Especially the screen burning, since that doesn't appear to be a notable issue with new panels. Also,> Over saturated colorsThis is just straight up wrong, so I'm not taking your other claims at face value. The S7 and Note 7 have some of the more color-accurate panels around. > Downvote if you want it isn't going to make OLED happenAnd yet it seems by pretty much all of the rumor sources that it will. What will you do then, get an LG or HTC phone? 
So wifi isn't wireless because you need to plug in the router? Interesting perspective, man.
Something like [this](http://energous.com)
There are a umber of companies who have working long range wireless charging. I'm sorry you feel that inductive is wireless. I have wireless router which I put my laptop on top of to get my internet connection.  Similarly my tv remote is wireless. It's stuck to my tv and I have to get up to change the channel but it's still wireless.
Honest question: are we not able to aim / focus energy in one general direction? Would that not weaken as quickly over short distances? I've wondered if early wireless chargers would act like turrets that shoot energy beams only in the vicinity of my phone. 
A fine explanation. But Energous literally has working demos from CES and is claiming to be mass producing long range wireless charging receivers by the end of this year for *a few dollars*. I highly recommend you check out their website for press releases and tech demos.
Samsung's standard wireless charging pad is $49.
There's a lot of companies that are really close, according to [this video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7AFJeaYojhU)
I've seen that. There's a million crazy ideas at trade shows that work in an isolated and ideal environment but never make it to a shelf. 
Also dead...maybe it was shadow-deleted? (I know they have shadow bans, but I can see these comments so that's obviously not the case here...not sure if there's such a thing as a deletion where you can still see it but others can't)
Now that doesn't make sense.
>Lifespan>The biggest technical problem for OLEDs was the limited lifetime of the organic materials. One 2008 technical report on an OLED TV panel found that After 1,000 hours the blue luminance degraded by 12%, the red by 7% and the green by 8%.[70] In particular, blue OLEDs historically have had a lifetime of around 14,000 hours to half original brightness (five years at 8 hours a day) when used for flat-panel displays. This is lower than the typical lifetime of LCD, LED or PDP technology. Each currently is rated for about 25,00040,000 hours to half brightness, depending on manufacturer and model.[71][72] Degradation occurs because of the accumulation of nonradiative recombination centers and luminescence quenchers in the emissive zone. It is said that the chemical breakdown in the semiconductors occurs in four steps: 1) recombination of charge carriers through the absorption of UV light, 2) homolytic dissociation, 3) subsequent radical addition reactions that form  radicals, and 4) disproportionation between two radicals resulting in hydrogen-atom transfer reactions.[73] However, some manufacturers' displays aim to increase the lifespan of OLED displays, pushing their expected life past that of LCD displays by improving light outcoupling, thus achieving the same brightness at a lower drive current.[74][75] In 2007, experimental OLEDs were created which can sustain 400 cd/m2 of luminance for over 198,000 hours for green OLEDs and 62,000 hours for blue OLEDs.[76] These experimental pixels have never made it to market. >Color balance>Additionally, as the OLED material used to produce blue light degrades significantly more rapidly than the materials that produce other colors, blue light output will decrease relative to the other colors of light. This variation in the differential color output will change the color balance of the display and is much more noticeable than a decrease in overall luminance.[77] This can be avoided partially by adjusting color balance, but this may require advanced control circuits and interaction with the user, which is unacceptable for users. More commonly, though, manufacturers optimize the size of the R, G and B subpixels to reduce the current density through the subpixel in order to equalize lifetime at full luminance. For example, a blue subpixel may be 100% larger than the green subpixel. The red subpixel may be 10% smaller than the green.Efficiency of blue OLEDsImprovements to the efficiency and lifetime of blue OLEDs is vital to the success of OLEDs as replacements for LCD technology. Considerable research has been invested in developing blue OLEDs with high external quantum efficiency as well as a deeper blue color.[78][79][80] External quantum efficiency values of 20% and 19% have been reported for red (625 nm) and green (530 nm) diodes, respectively.[81][82] However, blue diodes (430 nm) have only been able to achieve maximum external quantum efficiencies in the range of 4% to 6%.[83]>Holes:https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/4/42/Oled_display_alterung.jpg>Water damage>Water can instantly damage the organic materials of the displays. Therefore, improved sealing processes are important for practical manufacturing. Water damage especially may limit the longevity of more flexible displays.[84]>Outdoor performance>As an emissive display technology, OLEDs rely completely upon converting electricity to light, unlike most LCDs which are to some extent reflective. e-paper leads the way in efficiency with ~ 33% ambient light reflectivity, enabling the display to be used without any internal light source. The metallic cathode in an OLED acts as a mirror, with reflectance approaching 80%, leading to poor readability in bright ambient light such as outdoors. However, with the proper application of a circular polarizer and antireflective coatings, the diffuse reflectance can be reduced to less than 0.1%. With 10,000 fc incident illumination (typical test condition for simulating outdoor illumination), that yields an approximate photopic contrast of 5:1. Recent advances in OLED technologies, however, enable OLEDs to become actually better than basic LCDs in bright sunlight. The Super AMOLED display in the Galaxy S5, for example, was found to outperform some LCD displays on the market in terms of brightness and reflectance.[85]>Power consumption>While an OLED will consume around 40% of the power of an LCD displaying an image that is primarily black, for the majority of images it will consume 6080% of the power of an LCD. However, an OLED can use more than three times as much power to display an image with a white background, such as a document or web site.[86] This can lead to reduced battery life in mobile devices, when white backgrounds are used.It really isn't hard to do the research yourself. Retina HD is the best display on the market and will be for some time. They may have more accurate colors for a year, then quickly go downhill. Why do you think Samsung is pushing the 1 year upgrade so hard. >notable issues with *new* panelsRight. That's why I go into Verizon and see burns on every single new device with AMOLED displays. >rumorsAgain, rumors. And they're bullshit. You wanna talk shit put you god damn money where your mouth is. My bet is you don't even have $100 to spare. You guys are getting so butthurt over this. An over saturated display is not color accurate. Samsung and google have cranked up color output to grab your eyes in the store. It doesn't last longer than a year. 
Wifi is wireless between the router and the device. Wifi is only from the router to the device. Wifi doesn't include the wired internet connection, that's a different thing.
This is neat, but it's been around for a while (not that refined).The problem is that it uses a HUGE amount of energy. For their long range systems, over 99% of all the power transmitted is lost into space. 
According to Energous CEO that's exactly what they do.
Do you have a link to these working demos of Energous? I've only found videos where they charge things from a couple inches distance. I really doubt someone has cracked long distance (talking feets distances here) charging.
I knew of lab work that outlined this. Did not realize there are commercial applications already. Very neat I will check that out. 
The long distance (10-20 feet) transmitters are still expected to be over $200 and laptop sized easy.   How many rooms would you be budgeting to put that in?  Restaurants sure, luxury cars yes.   
The standard one sucks trust me I had it, twice, if you're going to wireless charge you need the fast 1 
Do you see the size of those transmitters? And god only knows the power consumption. That is not anywhere close to a consumer product, much less one shipping with a phone.
Well it's certainly not circumventing the laws of physics if it can work on the floor of a trade show...last I checked, the laws of physics still apply in convention centers.
Wow, I've never knowingly had the honor, of course it could always have been a parent comment.Here's the text:>Just like whatever supersedes lithium batteries, it will be the next big thing.>Like a horizon, we can see these technologies ahead of us, we can observe them ahead of us, they are demonstrably real, yet despite all our chasing they remain out of reach. Advancing these conceptual technologies would require not iteration or refinement of the current examples, but some kind of massive leap or breakthrough.Energous has never disclosed their charger's efficiency, all we know is that they consider 25% efficiency to be the best, hopeful, ideal goal for the future of the tech. 20w+ for 5w of charge to a phone, and that's just their vision.>What does it currently to put 5w into a phone with their current technology? 50w, 100w, 1kw? We have no idea, they will not say. Their entire pitch is hey look it works, if we beam form it then it might even make sense!... they have yet to demonstrate beam forming.
Alright, so let's go through this point by point.Lifespan:Is this a joke? A 5 year half life for technology from **2008**. So ok, you blatantly lied about this part. Next.Color balance:They already mention methods in use to account for this. And that doesn't even mesh with your accuracy claim at all. Another lie, clearly. Not to mention, since you don't link a source nor is a date listed, I can't make any claims about the validity of this data. Power consumption:> for the majority of images it will consume 6080% of the power of an LCDThat seems to be pretty clearly in OLED's favor, or mostly neutral unless you really love having a pure white background for some reason. Also, can use more than does not signify typical use or test conditions. And no, I'd rather take the higher resolution displays that can actually show black over Apple's retina LCD.Edit: The stuff you added in doesn't help you at all. Even the GS5 was apparently beating LCDs in that metric, lol.> Why do you think Samsung is pushing the 1 year upgrade so hard.What are you even talking about? How are they pushing it more so than Apple? Lol, I can't wait to see your reaction when Apple switches to OLED. If not with the next iPhone, then the one after. 
Resonant charging is wireless between the charging mechanism and the device.
It's been demoed for a while, but not shipped yet. As such, nobody actually has the data (aside from Energous themselves) about what the power efficiency is. They're claiming more optimistic numbers than you, though, with expected efficiency of 10-15% and peak efficiency (for very short-range transmissions) of 50%: [source](http://spectrum.ieee.org/energywise/energy/the-smarter-grid/energous-readies-true-wireless-power-tech-for-consumer-devices).They're also rumored to be partnered with Apple for this year's iPhone ([source](http://www.theverge.com/2017/1/4/14124938/energous-truly-wireless-charging-apple-ces-2017))
Here's [TechCrunch](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7AFJeaYojhU)
Apple has never sold premium fast chargers, so I don't think it's likely they'll begin with that branding model now.I could imagine a standard charger for $49, and some kind of premium one for $99-149, but I don't think they'd gimp the standard one into charging slower than it could. They'll just make the premium one nicer, like a dock or out of leather or both.They probably waited on the tech so long because they wouldn't settle for releasing a product that sucks in it's standard form, as you describe in your experience.
It doesn't seem ready to me yet either (notice I never said it was) but the technology is working in demos, and the company claims to be shipping it soon (apparently they have some big partnership lined up for the later part of 2017...). That all adds up to enough of a working product that it's at least within the foreseeable future, and definitely not a fantasy, contrary to your statement.
Wireless charging works. It's been demonstrated many times. The problem is efficiency. Imagine you're trying to fill a cup of water from a distance. But instead of shooting a stream of water and aiming it for the cup, your stream of water shoots in all directions. Yeah you'll eventually fill that cup but at what cost?
The tech has not improved since 2008. These drawbacks have been updated regularly. >already mention methodsYeah and I did too. I also unlike you, explained the drawbacks and inherent limitations and precision issues with such compensations. >power consumptionUses 4x as much energy for viewing basically any text document, web page, Facebook, twitter, etc. it is not in OLED favor.Look I can tell you have a vested interest in this because as you said, you own the phone. You're trying to prove to me that yours is better than mine, and it isn't. Sorry. Your entirely biased, the facts are on my side.  They don't display blacks, and what you don't mention is the the display of grays in between blacks and whites sucks big fat donkey dick. Turning a pixel off? Easy. Turning RGB on at a low level with equal luminance? Huge fucking problem for OLED. Also, I can tell you read none of that and breezed over it like they were bullet points. Wanna talk about jokes, your understanding of display technology is the joke. 
He thought that wireless meant that the source and device didn't touch, but what wireless means is there is no wire between the charger and device. If they touch it can still be wireless. Wireless literally means no wires, there's no argument here.
Yeah, right about 50% would be possible if it were sitting on one side of it, as it's covering about 50% of the sphere...I can see people who just don't care about electrical costs, but I have no excitement at all, unless someone discovers a loop hole in the laws of physics. Hell, maybe the new EM Drive will work, and a whole new realm of possibilities will be possible. We'll see. 
They powered some LEDs, color me not impressed.They never mention current or voltage, I'm skeptical.
In the context of a phone, yes, still a fantasy I'd say. We've known that with large transmitters and high power draw that you could transmit power from a distance for ages now. Any actual breakthrough for a phone charger, *if* even possible, would need to address both of those issues.
> The tech has not improved since 2008.Lol, just shows that you have no idea what you're talking about.> Uses 4x as much energy for viewing basically any text document, web page, Facebook, twitter, etc. it is not in OLED favor.Not even your own link supports that, despite the complete lack of test conditions and assuming pure white content. Why do you feel the need to lie to make your point?> Look I can tell you have a vested interest in this because as you said, you own the phone. Someone clearly can't read. I have an iPhone 6. But it's plain as day that the best displays are on Samsung's flagships. God it's going to be hilarious to watch you fume when Apple adopts OLED, just like damn near every other high end smartphone manufacturer. 
The USB-C MacBooks and MacBook Pros already do this, fyi.
Okay so how do I turn it off now?
Thanks, just added the chime to my 2013 MacBook Pro :) 
Cool. I remember at one point during the iphone's evolution, this chime sounded different. Anyone rememeber what the old one sounded like?
Thanks. I need the command to turn it off too :)
ooh fun :).
Awesome! :D 
Can i turn the 'turn on chime' on, on my MBP 2016?
so cool
is there a way to customize the sound?
Do people actually like this feature?  I hate it and wish they hadn't gotten rid of the charging light on USB-C computers.
[deleted]
Does anyone have a file download for those that are not on Yosemite and above?
There's an easier solution for this:Text 'CHIME ON' to 2020
That's why it's ChimeOn*All*Hardware
Use this command: defaults write com.apple.PowerChime ChimeOnAllHardware -bool false;killall PowerChime
like a different chime 
https://youtu.be/0BXI-RSrQo8
>defaults write com.apple.PowerChime ChimeOnAllHardware -bool false;killall PowerChimeCredit to /u/bhargavat
Probably the same command with bool false instead of true
Hey I PM'ed you the link to download > /System/Library/CoreServices/PowerChime.app Let us know how it goes!
Thanks!
Thank you. I find the chime annoying.
You can also use defaults remove com.apple.PowerChime ChimeOnAllHardware;killall PowerChime
My old iPod still makes this chime!
that's it! liked that one better
Nope. 
but do you enjoy lemonade? need to know for scientific reasons
I wonder if they are talking about Beyoncs album
Some guys have all the luck. 
Lost mine today. 
Jealous. Might go Tuesday and see if my local store has them. 
Nice! That's basically how I got mine too- was hanging out and asked on a whim. He was surprised that they had them and had someone run them up right away. Never hurts to ask!
I work at a Best Buy and randomly found an unopened box in the returns bin. I think it was a cancelled order. Love mine so far! Congrats on your find!
Bought mine from work today even got 10% off :)
Lucky duck!  I've been trying to get my hands on a pair. I live 1 1/2 hours from my nearest Apple Store. 
I can relate to that - walked into a store this past Monday and saw one of the staff members putting up unopened boxes on display. Immediately took one. 
I can't believe that I have to wait till April to get mine. I got so hyped after reading about them here and now this. You are one lucky guy. I can't count on this happening to me since there is no Apple Store in my country.
I'm not usually a lucky guy, one of the rare moments I am 
Rod Stewart's greatest album
Aw man that sucks!
I found them!
It's , I got my new MacBook yesterday and in all the excitement I must have dropped them or left them somewhere.
took me on quite the roller coaster there sir.
It was scary, but we made it through.
I think default app selection will happen, at the least. It seems Apple is taking a slow, cautious approach to adding customisability to iOS, but things now are vastly better than they used to be. Devs can achieve a very high level of integration using share sheet extensions, inter-app file sharing and widgets now.As of iOS 10, stock apps can be removed (and of particular importance, iOS knows which links and actions are associated with specific apps, and prompts to reinstall). I reckon a logical next step is to allow setting of default apps. Whether this happens in iOS 11 or iOS 49 is up in the air, though.
No. I think it's great how you can't replace shitty services like Apple Maps and Siri with things that work. The home screen being a bunch of static icons just a desktop computer is perfect too! And don't even get me started on how blissfully wonderful it is that control center can't be changed at all.
I'm not sure about customization but the homescreen needs a serious revamp especially on the iPad
Hate and love relationship with iOS... That closed wall garden idea provides stability while also restricting more utility out of the OS. I get irritated using Google apps which have great support, but don't have system permissions for Siri etc. 
i've recently switched from android to iOS, and honestly, maybe its the stage of life i'm in right now, but, the lack of customization doesn't really bother me. I haven't had the urge to sit down and tweak things like i did with my old android phones. That said there is one thing I wish iOS would let us do and thats to tweak the pane the dock icons are on. The blue + transparency is simply too jarring from the rest of my home screen. 
Part of me says yes. I want to send Apple Maps to the shredder. I want to use Alexa or Google Now instead of Siri. I want to use Overcat instead of Podcasts.But then I see a buddy's girlfriend's Android phone that is customized to hell, it runs like shit and it uses *comic sans* as the fucking system font.Then I hug my iPhone for having good taste, even if it is a bit rigid about it.
That's where jailbreaking comes in. Where Apple refuses to expand, a community of developers build on concepts and ideas and turn them into a reality for the jailbroken community. [Here's](https://m.imgur.com/a/mpUnr) a little preview of what developers have been able to accomplish in the few weeks that a stable jailbreak has been available. We have Dark Mode, a redone Control Center with 3D Touchable Playback Controls (brightness and volume alternate when you press the left icon), and iOS's unused one-handed keyboard, which can be enabled with a swipe from either edge. 
Another thing I don't understand is why can't you customise and put your own toggles on the Control Centre. You can do it with the touch bar but you can't do it with the Control Centre. At least Apple should let you do it on iPads because they're pushing iPads to be like a laptop.
It's tough to balance simplicity and customization. But, I think they did a good job with content blockers and custom keyboards... essentially making them apps that need to be installed from the app store. This is a good way to keep the OS from getting overloaded with options yet allow people to customize parts of the phone and maintain security and api compliance.
From being Apple since they days of blackberry, I love my iPhone. But I just feel like Apple is so far behind software such as Android. From seeing how capable the Android system is, makes me think about moving over. I want to be able to split my screen so I can watch videos and text at he same time. 
Moving icons, control center customizing is the o key reason I jailbreak. 
The entire concept of 'default apps' is mostly unworkable in modern times. What does it even mean? Apps can do lots of different things. Selecting a default app by file type or intent is just a very crude approximation. What if you want to use app X for A but app Y for B? What if you want to use app X instead app B but except when app C does thing Z? This type of customization is just an illusion of efficiency in most cases. 
Just Jailbreak?
[removed]
This speaks to me on a spiritual level
Apple allowing this is like Google fixing it's messaging services mess. Could it be done ? Yes. Will it? Unlikely 
The inflexibility of Control Center is what really grinds my gears
I feel the same way, for the most part I'm happy with the way iOS works. Sure there are a few things I'd like to change, but every phone I've had has had a couple irritating quirks.
> But then I see a buddy's girlfriend's Android phone that is customized to hell, it runs like shit and it uses comic sans as the fucking system font.Runs like shit isn't a general thing on Android phones, might be an old model. Also, Comic Sans is entirely her fault. You would never have to worry about this yourself unless you changed it yourself.
Clearly you didn't see the part where OP specifically mentioned that Android has other issues and s/he doesn't want one.
No airdrop. No iCloud integration. 
All they wanted to do was make a low effort reply and move on to the next thread. Some bored minds just get off on being dicks. 
The person who started this thread doesn't like how iOS is so locked down.So they come to Reddit to vent.Is Apple going to listen to this individual?Nope.Does Apple probably have the next three to five versions of iOS already planned out?Yep.Should this person get an Android phone so they can fuck around with settings until their eyes explode?Sure, why not?If they don't like it, switch back to iOS.These are phones, not houses.You can buy one, live with it for a few months, sell it, get something else.
I'm sorry but in the real world that's not how it works for most people. A phone is a serious investment. 
Gee, you're right. You've shown everybody the light. 
The guy is just being rude.  
Seriously?Even if you spend $1,000 on an iPhone, over two years that's $42 per month.That's like eating out twicein one monthfor one couple.
I am a beacon of hopes and dreams.
That's a lot of money. 
For some though, that is a lot of money. I work a minimum wage job. I use my phone a lot for many reasons, which makes this investment worth it for me. I don't buy other things unless they're gifted to me. Some people can't afford such luxuries. 
A bigger problem than fake news are the social media ego smoothing algorithms built in to Facebook and Google to keep the users happy and coming back for more.
Fake news sucks but we don't need tech companies or especially the government deciding what is real. The correct thing to do would be to educate people in how to correctly verify and critically analyze sources. We all carry computers in our pockets that give us access to all of humanities collective knowledge, people just need to use it. 
Bigger problem is the term being used as a negative term because someone doesn't like he article.Look at what Trump is doing to the term, calling any poll or article that doesn't praise him Fake News.
Problem with fake news is there are ZERO corporations or governments I trust enough to decide which is fake news. It just sounds like censorship to me.
In my opinion, this is the biggest news out of Apple this year. Fake news is a term that was coined by the mass media early after Trump's election. But let's be clear. There has always been fake news, and people have always led to believe falsehoods as long as it served certain interests. Weapons of Mass Destruction, anyone?Does this comment from Cook not have anyone else worried? Ultimately, it's up to individuals to investigate and come to their own conclusions. We can intervene, but at what point does that become censorship or a conspiracy to cover up information that citizens may want to know about their government.
Fake news: Apple has great desktops in its roadmap
Mass censorship in the guise of fake news control. 
Fuck the whole fake news concept.  Educate people on media literacy damnit! Teach them to use multiple sources to form an opinion.  
The crack down has to come from people using their judgement to discern the real news from the fake news. The first amendment to the constitution grants everyone the right to misinform. 
Suddenly last year everyone went crazy about fake news. Did fake news not exist before then? Of course it did. I'm smelling this fake news wave is an excuse for future censorship.As a matter of fact it is an assassination attempt on the freedom of speech. Let me tell you why. Who is gonna verify what is fake and what isn't? Is there going to be a central body that will be there to determine that? Doing this is asking for trouble.Stop babysitting people and let them decide what they want to believe in or not.
Apple News pulls in tons of useless shit. Fix your own house first, Tim.
Define fake news? Is it wrong news?  News with a political slight? Is it news which leaves out vital information? If it is any of these every news agency is fake news.  All news agencies from briebart to the guardian run news which leaves out information to suit there agenda.  Just because you don't like the news doesn't make it fake.  The rise of people questioning the news and the bs from both sides has given the rise of the term fake news. 
No censorship whatsoever. Good or bad. Freedom 
I agree. News are currently awful and I never trust anything I read before going on google to make sure it's actually true.
How do draw the line between false and I don't agree?
Labeling things as fake news is a great way to try and justify censorship while virtue signaling. That's why the term was invented, too much truth going around they don't like. 
And what stops this from becoming censorship? Wouldnt it be better to educate people to actually fact/background checking before believing whatever they read?
People choose what news they want to read onlineso it is the people who choose to consume fake news.    Kony was a while back but I think it exemplified how people can THINK they know everything about a completely unfamiliar topic because they have consumed a limited amount of info on it online. I was one of the few people who went 'who the fuck is Kony?!? I know NOTHING about him and nothing about conflicts in Uganda so refuse to comment on the matter or spread propaganda'. I still dunno how so many people fell for that trap.    IMO the current paradigm favours people who are confident... so if you sound like you know your stuff, everybody follows you. If you say 'I DON'T KNOW MUCH ABOUT THIS' (which can be the smartest answer amongst a heap of BS) then you'll get buried.    IMO in modern society, being smart and being popular is valued more than being wise. Quick thinking wins the day, not slow but sure thinking. Hence why Reddit favours 'I posted it first' over 'I posted a better article on it a month later that's TLDR for most people but will give you understanding rather than the ability to parrot'.  
Sort of like dodging sniper fire while landing in Bosnia?
Shouldn't Tim Cook be worrying about innovating and releasing the next great consumer products instead of talking about fake news? Figuring out how to fix fake news does diddly poo for Apple's bottom line.To me, the odds of Apple releasing groundbreaking technology with Cook in charge keep dwindling by the month.
**Fake news is 'killing people's minds', says Apple boss Tim Cook**So in other words, it's having the exact, desired effect.
A.K.A more censorship. 
You might argue, to the contrary, that fake news is the sugary sweet candy/junk food for the lazy mind. Sure you could make a delicious healthy meal - but it is hard and takes time and in life there aren't recipes to follow. Modern life, and I suspect life (has always been, given data available at the time) in general and its big decisions are rarely easy. They are often filled with losers and winners. You have to do what is right, moral and just guided by facts and truth and sometimes, to be honest, just instinct and counsel. To try to make decisions that have more winners than losers, or in terms of protecting rights, sometimes there will explicitly be more losers than winners (think Jim Crow and southern segregation).We have an education gap that needs closing - not just fact-lacking but critical thinking and analysis. We need to come to terms that populism (from Bernie to Donnie) while it feels great is an oversimplification of a very big and interconnected world. There are different approaches one can use but there must be a truthful discussion of the risks and benefits of these decisions. 
Used for fake news today. Used to silence opposition voices tomorrow. 
Tim, let's start with Apple News and the crap that always ends up in trending. Why is there a trending section at all? Why is the news a popularity contest?
Yes let's destroy liberty, once and for all.
If fake news is such a problem to Cook, why does Apple's News app contain so many fake news articles?
And who determines what fake news is?
Maybe instead of concerning himself with fake news and the hypocritical idea that people should not work solely for money, this guy should focus on the company he was entrusted with.
If mainstream economists agree on something, that doesn't mean that it is true.  Some stuff gets labeled as fake news, because it goes against the conventional wisdom.
The government has no place in this. Why in the world are so many people so quick to turn to the government to handle matters like these? It's completely assinine.
The irony that this is s guardian article. 
I'd welcome this if it would mean to crack down on fake news from the left as well.Edit. Ok, I guess you guys think leftist fake news is a okay lol
I only read news from my TV news stations' websites, so I hope I'm okay from fake news. On the otherhand, I'm too dumb to tie together multiple related events and form my own opinions, so I base my opinion on sourceless bestof comments. 
How do draw the line between false and I don't agree?
What on earth is he talking about? How about a Mac Pro instead?
A lot of these people are indoctrinated by our own public AM airwaves where all of the talk show hosts say stuff like liberals are a cancer on america and have been doing this for decades.  This has been making rational political discourse impossible.
I prefer to get my fake news straight from the Whitehouse. 
Yes, and let's start with sources like The Guardian. Too much liberal propaganda in the main stream media. 
[deleted]
Apple is in the news business now? I thought it was consumer electronics.
Good 'ol Tim Cuck
The excuse of fake news as an issue is only a tool to destroy free speech. Fake news or not, I want to hear what someone has to say. 'I do not agree with what you have to say, but I'll defend to the death your right to say it'Words to live, and die by.
Fake news isn't the problem.  I'm perfectly capable of sifting my news.  We have a herd intelligence problem.
All these companies protecting people from fake news are doing so in an act against the other side's stories. This goes both ways but considering the political views of the higher ups in many tech companies, it can be one sided and should be something we worry about. 
we officially live in Bizarro-world.For profit faceless corporate entities who are legally motivated to be only entirely self interested, trying to save us from a government for the people, by the people.
Fake news is claiming removing the headphone jack was brave or showed courage
Sorta like the oft repeated suggestions that new machines are coming from Apple.    Tim needs to loo in the mirror here.Beyond that it is extremely ignorant to suggest that having the government censor anything is a good idea.    In this regard people calling for these crack downs have a lot in common with crack heads.
The problem I have is that fake news as a talking point or moral panic literally began the day after the presidential election. [Look at Google Trends](https://www.google.com/trends/explore?date=all&q=fake%20news).The thing is, I don't think fake news swung the presidential election in the industrial midwest at all. So it's tough to take it seriously, as something other than a memed up issue.  And I voted Clinton.
The problem isn't the fake news, it's people's navet that fake news needs to have any effect. People need to know who and how powers that be are manipulating their mind. That means having people understand that mainstream news doesn't lie, they just don't focus on stories that are against corporate interest. People need to know that Russia is behind the rise of radicalism in the west and are using an incredibly sophisticated and effective psychological warfare. How are people supposed to wary of this if they don't know it's happening?
It's killing more than people's minds. Someday someone is actually going to get killed over it. People get death threats *constantly* over alt-right fake news. http://billmoyers.com/story/breitbart-lynch-mob-came/
Fake news like their own news feed that's been exclusively anti trump since the election started.  I have hundreds of screen shots showing not that there was not one negative Hillary story in the feed that shows up in your widgets.  No, changing your news sources in the news app does not fix it.  It was basically an rss of r/politics.  Now I don't care where you stand on the issues, but it was clearly biased and thee was nothing you could do about it aside from removing it entirely. 
Why would the government step in and crack down when the commander in chief is one of the biggest perpetrators of this?
How about Tim Cook start trying to fix the crap Apple keeps breaking and get some new and fun products going and stop being a cry baby about things.
He needs to lose his job, thinking like this. Steve didn't choose him to be some political pundit for the state. 
The term 'fake news' being thrown about by everyone (including Trump) towards articles they just don't like doesn't help either.I believe nothing nowadays. Unless I've seen it myself.
But these apps though...
*wtf I hate Tim Cook now*
You mean it's making you look bad Tim?
It is called Fake news wars. Good that i don't understand what's going on...
>Apple chief calls on governments and technology companies to crack down on *free speechFTFY
I saw a Breitbart article in Apple News yesterday... 
It all started with the first fake news source: Fox News
ITT: the_donald
Fake news has always existed. It's just that Hillary Clinton lost an election and lots of media and tech people didn't like that. So they're trying to rig the system even more.
What could possibly go wrong?
There's a huge fix for the media in a book I read.Article VIII The Story of Jeazel PeteThe government collapses and we figure out how. One of the greatest weapons is the media coming together and creating standards for journalists. 
Tim Cook everyone pfffffft
People relying on twitter and Facebook for news scares the shit out of me. I didn't know how common it was for young people to do that until recently. 
I won't lie, I fell for fake news on Facebook. The whole Black (All) Lives Matter video where the white guy was getting attacked by black guys just for saying all lives matter. And when his car was destroyed by black guys for having Trump stickers When it broke out that those videos were fake, I felt pretty ashamed of myself and stopped believing Facebook shit. Then there's a video that popped up where this guy was attacked by some black guys and the girl on the video was like, He voted for trump get him or something similar. It prompted me to google it and low and behold, it was road rage. The white guy was mad at the black guys and instigated a fight. Then the black guys jumped him. He said they had no idea he would have voted for Trump. It was just something stupid she said. And that settled it for me. I stopped reading Facebook shit because it is all lies. Long story short I feel like an idiot and I learned my lesson. 
You are incredibly naive if you think those algorithms are there to make you happy.
I'm not sure you can call it a New Year's resolution, but on 1 January I deleted the Facebook and Twitter apps from my phone. It has tangibly improved my mental health and well-being. I'm surprised how much it has raised the barrier to entry, and it's nice to have to read something of substance if I have a little time to kill. (He said, on Reddit.)
It is a cocktail for separation of people's minds. The social network combined with news that are made to sell by the click with sensationalism is so desteuctive
This is just my opinion. We need to start banning ALL conservative news outlets.  Only allow liberal (intelligent) news and encourage people like Bill Maher, Trevor Noah, etc.  We also need to ban all majority non minority viewed programming.  I am tired of seeing bullshit conservative crap.  Do we really give a shit if conservatives stop using Facebook or Apple?  The future is not conservative nor white to be honest so let's just ignore them 100%.  
Kinda like how it feels to catch up with your friends IRL? I don't think it's really FB making me happy, it's all the people I know on there doing that. FB runs the platform, but it's users who make the content. Now I say this going in with an understanding of FB's biases (it's an advertising network), but it's better than vegging out in front of other ad networks like broadcast TV IMHO.Isn't Reddit also a system to algorithmically keep us coming back?
I agree with you for the most part. I recently took up another job and I'm working 11 hours a day and despite having a computer in my pocket (which we don't ALL have by the way...) I simply do not have TIME to read an article, critically analyse every source, correctly verify the information and then find any additional evidence which might support the truth. My energy is dedicated to analysing the news sources from which my news is coming from and judging the truth based on their effectiveness to produce quality news. However, Apple has a right to speak here because it makes specific news sources available via its News app which, for me, is a major source of news in the mornings and evenings. Therefore, I'm happy knowing that Tim Cook takes the vetting of news sources very seriously so that I can continue with my job and supporting my family while still being informed. We must hold news sources and journalists to account because, while I'm busy doing my job to the best of my ability, I expect journalists and news sources to be doing their job to the best of their ability so that we can all move forward in harmony and trust. 
> The correct thing to do would be to educate people in how to correctly verify and critically analyze sources.First you need to figure out how to make them *want* to do that.Swathes of today's electorates seem to be driven more by confirmation bias than desire for the truth.
They do use it.They just find something that reinforces their views and then shut out anything that doesn't.
Just having access to a lot of data doesn't qualify you to use it correctly. Trust is still going to play a big role. I don't trust Reddit but I trust my national (Danish) public service news to a large extent. 
The internet is being clouded. This is a bit like suggesting we don't need ad blockers. The true cost of such a large collection of misinformation (which, by the way, is already being optimized to show up when looking for information, by and for tech companies), proves that the information war is already on and has been for a long time. The computers in people's pockets are being filled with attempts by the media and tech companies to decide what is real.Fake news does a lot more than just suck, and just like a lot of intelligent people use ad blockers, a widespread attempt to propogate a news equivalent of something like an ad blocker would change lives positively forever. 
Yeah, I think I would prefer the majority of the population believing the fake news, than have the government or corporations deciding on what is and isn't fake news.
This is correct. People creating echo chambers is nothing new in history, and while it is terrible, it is much more easily correctable than a government filtering facts so that we can be told what is true (which is also not new is history).
> We all carry computers in our pockets that give us access to all of humanities collective knowledge, people just need to use it. Until that gets rewritten, redacted or blocked too (as textbooks have been for years with each new print, erasing facts from history that were in the previous editions). 
>We all carry computers in our pockets that give us access to all of humanities collective knowledge, people just need to use it. The problem is they never will. For the longest time I used to think that technology would eventually solve the problem of disinformation, but at this point it seems like it's just making the problem worse. Too many people don't want information, they want someone telling them what they already believe is accurate, and current technology just makes it easier for them to do that. They're not looking for the truth, they're just looking for even more reassurance.
No news organization should be able to brand editorial as news. This is why Fox News isn't allowed in Canada. 
This is like teaching people fire safety while the house burning down. 
Exactly. Tim has a good heart but neither Apple nor any other giant authority or company should be deciding what's real. We should instead support education so people can use COMMON SENSE and INTELLECT to figure it out on their own. 
Am I the only one who doesn't do that?
But they are facilitating a constant spew of crap news. A lot of people don't have common sense but they get a vote - in democracies we need clear information and informed voters otherwise demagogues take over. Socrates wrote about this phenomenon. How hard would it be to slightly adjust the algorithm so that it takes people out of their echo chamber every once in a while? I bet it would have zero effect on ad revenues. It's just laziness. These algorithms are clearly having a negative effect on society Twitter, Google, Facebook and others should accept they are part of the problem.
It's tricky because there are things on the Internet that are unambiguously fake. E.G. articles saying that the Pope endorsed Trump when he did not, or articles calling the inauguration the most heavily attended in history when it was unambiguously not. This includes articles written by news sites trafficking exclusively in fake news, like the sites run in Macedonia that we have been able to observe popping up in order to exploit peoples' ignorance in order to get ad revenue.There's not a chance that we will ever be able to, on a grand scale, do away with this kind of ignorance in a planned way. The scale of the problem is far too big for it to be solved, and there are plenty of people who do not want to see fake news go away.
As much as it's a good idea to educate people in how to correctly verify and critically analyze sources, I have my doubts it would work without government intervention - and the chances of such happening are minimal with Betsy Devos as Secretary of Education. Michigan's school system under Devos was a shitshow. 
Unfortunately, most people are uneducated or just straight up stupid, and Republicans intend to keep it that way.
Found the red hat 
> Look at what Trump is doing to the term, calling any poll or article that doesn't praise him Fake News.This is precisely how disinformation and doublespeak is propagated. You sow distrust in the mainstream media, which paints the accuser as the 'true' source of fact. *If he's saying all of the media is reporting 'fake news', there must be something to that! Let's wait to hear more from him, or true, factual savior!*Classic, Orwellian Doublespeak and Ministry of Truth action going on, full force, with this President. 
Just like the term was initially intended to be used against conservative news sources / opinion blogs etc.
CNN running a story on him pissing on Obamas mattress in Moscow was fake news though.  It wasn't just 'Oh I don't like that article'. It was literal ... fake.. news..So I don't know what other context you are talking about.  Could you be specific?
CNN is publishing LOTS of fake news. Stop being naive kid
There's a difference between bias and outright lies. When an article says Trump is a jerk it's open for discussion, but if an article says Trump was born in Tokyo it's a lie by anyone's definition. And it doesn't have to be censorship, it could (and probably will) just be description. I have a big problem with censorship in the sense of blocking content, but I'd have no problem with every Onion article on Facebook carrying a little comedy mask icon in the corner, just to let people know it isn't real. That's not restricting speech, but it would help people distinguish comedy/fake news sites from real ones. 
The somewhat hilarious part of the whole fake news thing is how it's blown up in the media's face. Both sides of the political spectrum lie and leave out facts and twist words. That's just a given. Yet CNN and others tried to make it sound like only the right was guilty of it while their own shitty network runs with unverified and sometimes outright just plain wrong information on live tv almost daily. I don't think CNN is fake news for the most part. But they're definitely shit quality news. 
Fake news is just another term for propaganda. Advertising masquerading as honesty. Complete fabrications of events presented as if they were coming from honest reporters covering what happened.There's no value there. 
> at what point does that become censorship or a conspiracy to cover up information that citizens may want to know about their government?That's what it would be from the start. Everyone talking about policing fake news is really talking about censorship. 
The parent mentioned [**Mass Media**](http://legaliq.com/Definition/Mass_Media). Many people, including non-native speakers, may be unfamiliar with this word. **Here is the definition**^\(In ^beta, ^be ^kind):****The mass media is a diversified collection of media technologies that reach a large audience via mass communication. The technologies through which this communication takes place include a variety of outlets.Broadcast media transmit information electronically, via such media as film, radio, recorded music, or television. Digital media comprises both Internet and mobile mass communication. Internet media comprise such services as email, social media sites, websites, and Internet-based radio and television. Many other mass media outlets have an ... [[View More](http://legaliq.com/Definition/Mass_Media)]****^(**See also:**) [^Social ^Media](http://legaliq.com/Definition/Social_Media) ^| [^Accessibility](http://legaliq.com/Definition/Accessibility) ^| [^Broadcasting](http://legaliq.com/Definition/Broadcasting) ^| [^Organizing](http://legaliq.com/Definition/Organizing) ^| [^Publishing](http://legaliq.com/Definition/Publishing) ^| [^Codes](http://legaliq.com/Definition/Codes) ^| [^Audience](http://legaliq.com/Definition/Audience)^(**Note**: The parent poster ) ^\(ericN ^or ^davidreiss666) ^can [^delete ^this ^post](/message/compose?to=LawBot2016&subject=Deletion+Request&message=cmd%3A+delete+reply+t1_ddlv5of) ^| [^**FAQ**](http://legaliq.com/reddit)
> Weapons of Mass Destruction, anyone?They actually did find them... lots of them: https://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2014/10/14/world/middleeast/us-casualties-of-iraq-chemical-weapons.html?_r=0 
Come on man, that one kind of stung.
> Educate people on media literacy damnit!this idea presumes that people want facts to determine their opinions, rather than the other way around.  if someone's not interested in *discovering* the truth as opposed to *confirming* their existing beliefs, media literacy won't do anything.
Either that or publish accuracy reports for all media companies. Have laws against intentionally deceiving viewers. And teach readers to focus on the source of news. Multiple sources won't do a thing if they're all fake: I.e. CNN, NBC, Politico, Huffington Post, Salon, etc. These are all fake news sources. 
The first amendment also grants technology companies the right to adjust their algorithms to decrease the prevalence of misinformation, if they so desire. That's what Tim Cook is suggesting they do.
Then why do we have libel laws?
Who's going to verify?The Ministry of Truth!
>Stop babysitting people and let them decide what they want to believe in or not.Things are starting to get out of hand with what people are choosing to believe though. How long can we go on with half the country living in a completely different world than objective reality? More and more people are accepting outright falsehoods as true, and to be honest that is less conducive to a functioning society than a very low form of censorship (basically just something to the effect that you can't publish outright false or continually misleading articles). By continually misleading, I mean extreme cases of entire websites and news orgs that are dedicated to playing off of confirmation bias for ad clicks. Every time this idea of misinformation censorship gets floated, people jump to the claim that it could never work without destroying free speech, but maybe it's time we try to figure out how to do it.Yelling fire in a theater isn't covered by the good ol' 1st Amendment; is it really that crazy to stretch that idea to the Internet and/or political theater?
> Define fake news? ...> All news agencies from briebart to the guardian run news which leaves out information to suit there agenda. Just because you don't like the news doesn't make it fake. Intentionally publishing 'facts' which you know to be false (Inaugural turnout, Bowling Green, WMD, etc.), with the intent to sway public opinion away from, or towards specific topics, is 'fake news'. Publishing fact, while omitting others because you have a bias is not the same thing, that's just bad journalism.
No, the original way that Facebook described fake news last year were basically phishing sites or one-article viral baits that attempted to lure people into thinking they were on a news site when it wasn't really.See this article on The Denver Guardian: http://www.denverpost.com/2016/11/05/there-is-no-such-thing-as-the-denver-guardian/They wrote a story that went moderately viral on Facebook, claiming that an FBI agent noted in leaked Clinton emails was found mysteriously dead. Except that:- The FBI agent doesn't exist- The town it occurs in doesn't exist- The police chief they mention doesn't exist- The newspaper they claim to be representing doesn't exist- Their contact information is nonsensicalThis is what Facebook was attempting to crack down on when they mentioned their problems with fake news. This is what it refers to, and *not* faulty news reporting. It's news sites that aren't actually news sites.In other words...- Huffington Post is not fake news.- The New York Times is not fake news.- CNN is not fake news.- Fox News is not fake news.- Breitbart is not fake news.Basically, the real crackdown is on news sites that aren't SSL/HTTPS certified. When people are claiming to be organizations that they're really not, that is a problem in the social/viral age of internet media.
Holy shit what subreddit am I on? Are you seriously comparing the guardian to Breitbart??? What the FUCK.
That's dumb. There are plenty of respected journalists working for reputable outlets. The fake news is for suckers who lack basic intuition. 
A problem with this is that people posting fake news can also use search engine optimization. Recently, there was some uproar about racist google suggestions (if you typed in are blacks one of the first suggestions would be dumb). That did extend to results, too. So if you googled  are blacks dumb for whatever reason, the best result and a few other high ranked results are websites that say yes, blacks are dumb. Googling stuff to confirm something works mostly, but Google itself isn't neutral or always correct. If you're logged in, you'll get different results compared to searching anonymously. 
A news article posted from a site with no SSL certificate or only a DV cert without some sort of established history of articles is likely to be fake news. From there semantic analysis and classification can also be used to determine if something is fake news. Removing that sort of chaff from news feeds goes a long way to stemming the spread of things that are outright click-bait fabrications.The fake news problem is where people are using SEO techniques used by affiliate marketing and ad farm sites to spread complete fiction (as in made up by hired writers) to get page views. They're taking advantage of the fact a lot of people get their news from their Facebook feed and that Facebook did absolutely nothing to figure out if something posted to a news feed in any way resembled actual news. People share fake news because it matches their confirmation bias and that of their social network and then you've got a guy with a gun walking into a pizzeria in Maryland. It's different from hoaxes, satire, or just poor journalism as it follows a specific model in order to make the site money. A lot of fake news sites don't actually care about the political bent of the story's content, only whether it spreads virally and gets clicks.
Dated reference. The cool kids these days dodge explosions in Bowling Green and Atlanta.
Billionaires.
I was just thinking it was quite ironic that Cook was calling on Big Daddy Government for a solution here when it wasn't that long ago he was telling the government to go have intimate relations with itself. 
> How do draw the line between false and I don't agree?Easy: 'Fake news' prints intentional lies, which can be refuted by even the most cursory research (Bowling Green, Inaugural turnout, Weapons of Mass Destruction, Domestic terrorist acts), while 'true' news prints fact-based news that may omit certain facts, but what is printed, is verifiably true, even if you don't agree with it.
You're right. But it's not that the far right is the only fake news source. The far left is very mainstream right now and they have tons of fake news. The polarization is the thing that's really hurting us. We need to get back to being respectful and honest with ourselves while disagreeing on difficult subjects. Just regurgitating talking points from your camp doesn't help (and I say this is a general way, not that you were doing it). 
When democrats believe every fake news story about Trump because they hate him. 
Presenting completely fabricated stories as if they're coming from honest reporters is the problem. It's a concerted propaganda campaign.
Leaving out stories is part of pushing a narrative even if it's to please their corporate masters. Also, you're doing what people tend to hate. Taking a few possible facts and going full tinfoil with them. Russia is behind everything? Come on. 
Are you one of those people who don't believe earth is round, and that  jupiter and air don't  exists because you haven't _seen it_?
> It is called Fake news wars. Good that i don't understand what's going on...We've always been at war with Eurasia, Citizen.
[removed]
I don't see a problem with using Twitter for news, all the biggest publishers are there, you can follow journalists who's work you like,  it's basically a more convenient RSS reader. There is a risk of creating your own personal echo chamber, but in my view it's not particularly higher than any other form of news consumption.
I use Twitter as an RSS feed for various news outlets. That's what I presumed using social media for news means.
Reddit is worse honestly. 
People relying of CNN and Fox etc to get their news scares the shit out of me!
Young? Old people feed off that shit too. Most of the crazy people I'm friends with that promote it are 50+. 
I've been warning my wife of this for years and I don't think she really got it until this election cycle. Her mother lives off Facebook news. I've known her for over 20 years and it has not helped her; someone who is generally open minded now leans so far to the right she's about to fall off the scale. That shit is toxic.
Should realize people who get their news from Facebook and Twitter largely follow media sources on those platforms. Doesn't mean they just get their news from their friends status updates.
I'd rather depend on social media and find reliable sources or actual journalists there then listen to Sean Hannity suck on Trump's dick on FOX or Chris I feel like I'm black because I'm a journalist Cuomo go on about whatever bullshit talking point CNN can bring the most views in with that day.
Really? People relying on CNN and ABCnews and Fox scares the shit out of me.
You can't rely on traditional sources either for the whole truth. Issue framing and agenda setting are also a major problem.
Twitter can be a great source of news. If trading algos use it that's a pretty good indicator it's not all bullshit.  You sound like a frightened grandparent. 
You know it's bad, when even mainstream media is citing Facebook and Twitter as a news source versus doing more worthwhile investigative journalism.
It's not that different from people relying on talking to their neighbors and shit for hot takes. It's just the modern form of water cooler news. 
Reddit is my source for unbiased outrage.
Twitter is an untamed firehose with no algorithm, and that's exactly why they're losing money left and right.
Where else would one get news?Seriously, newspapers and television are dead media, and aggregator sites are all labeled as biased one way or another 
Oh, it isn't just young people - many older people like it because it re-enforces what they've always believed and then it is made worse because they see all their friends hold the same beliefs which convinces them that what they believe is correct. Putting that aside, what I think is a bigger problem is the propensity for people to never interact with people who hold differing opinions which was evident when it came to the Hillary Clinton campaign where her team and supporters were so far up their own ass that they failed to see the huge number of people who were largely unhappy with where the country was going. If they saw the dissatisfaction she wouldn't have gotten up and said that idiotic phrase, America is already great when a large part of the country simply weren't feeling it thus giving that part of the population the feeling that Hillary was disconnected from the struggles of ordinary folks.
Reddit is almost worse... There are a few good, neutral subreddits, but the front page is very, very skewed. 
People relying on CNN, NYT, and Washington Post scares the shit out of me. They're constantly proven trying to push false narratives.Twitter and Facebook, despite being heavily censored, lead to a more pure pathway to truth than blindly listening to a liar on a TV screen. At least with FB and Twitter, people consider the source.Young people are much more informed than old people think - they just don't take the same opinions.
So in other words, Facebook news is the 21st-century version of email forwards. 
To be fair, a lot of people were fooled by Joey Saladshttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7Q23t41UnZk
Well, they're there to maximise advertising revenue, sure. But a big part of that is keeping users on the site, which means targeting them with things they want to see, which keeps them 'happy' (subjective).
At least broadcast tv isn't tailored to the individual to the same extent, so every so often an idea might challenge them.Yes Reddit is almost as bad. 
The thing is, because if Facebook's size and ubiquity, most people probably have people as friends whose political opinions they disagree with. The racist uncle stereotype, for example. Facebook could show you everything all your friends post in reverse chronological order, like Twitter does. It would undoubtedly be the simplest method. But if people were being inundated with their racist uncle's bullshit opinions all the time, they'd associate Facebook with that and get sick of the platform. So it's in Facebook's interest to figure out what makes people angry and not show them that. 
I know people love to hate on mainstream news but if you're reading a report from Jake Tapper posted on CNN (for example) it's a credible story from a respected journalist. Same with Fareed Zakaria, Shep Smith, etc.If you're reading an article from libertyactionrevolutionnews.com, the headline is in alternating caps and says something outlandish, it's likely complete bullshit. Use common fucking sense, people. 
> so that I can continue with my job and supporting my family while still being informedAre you sure staying informed has its place along with doing your job and supporting your family?It seems like a completely different level of importance, isn't it?If you don't have time to stay informed, why not give up on the idea of being informed and focus on what's best for you and your family?
You get banned from certain subreddits for pointing out fake news.
Yeah this is by far the worst thing that technology allows. People just choose to read and share stories that fit their narrative. They never hear or try to understand the other side of the argument. 
I think most people would agree with this. The issue is, how do you decide what's fake news and what isn't? Hell, even the definition of fake news literally changed in less than 24 hours after it was coined.
Why is that?
Meh, Rupert Murdoch can buy up news outlets in Canada via networks of shell companies, and then push their [in]famous right-wing drivel. 
> but neither Apple nor any other giant authority or company should be deciding what's real.That's where censorship comes in. It's already happening on Twitter.
Your reply makes no sense.
Nah, I use Ubuntu 
And the most depressingly ironic thing is that some of his opponents are advocating for a *literal* Ministry of Truth to combat him. This is why I hate people. 
Bullshit. The term was intended to be used for made up news stories and propaganda. The alt-right news sources just happened to use this doctrine a lot, and they still do. As a Donald user you should know that better than everyone else here.
>CNN running a story on him pissing on Obamas mattress in Moscow was fake news though. It wasn't just 'Oh I don't like that article'. It was literal ... fake.. news..CNN did not run a story on Trump pissing on Obama's mattress, that never happened.CNN ran a story about a dossier, which was being passed around intelligence agencies which collected intel on trump for over a year that included a story on Trump hiring prostitutes to piss on a matress the Obamas had slept on out of spite, as well as various other things including a Rosfnet sale, Trump coordinating with Russia and so on. Parts of this dossier have been verified as of today (CNN and CBS just reported on this), I do not recall any part that has been falsified
Him calling that story fake is one thing.Him calling CNN itself fake news is a different thing entirely.
No, it literally wasn't. CNN didn't run an article Trump hires prostitutes to piss on mattress. They ran a story that a dossier had been passed around intelligence agencies which made several accusations and, most important, was summarized and presented to both Obama and Trump.  That's not fake news. That's stuff that happened. That makes it actual news. They never claimed what happened in the dossier happened. The story was that intelligence agencies considered it significant enough in some way that they included it in a presidential brief. 
Claims CNN peddles fake news Claims other user doesn't know crapPosts in T_D and AskT_DSounds about right
It's far fetched and most likely fake, but has still not been proven fake, which is why CNN used the words allegedly  very carefully
Aww I feel bad for you
CNN is a pretty good news source for breaking news as it unfolds.Their political and opinion pieces are absolute garbage though. But you can't run a 24 hour news network without them, which is the unfortunate side effect. 
It's a slippery slope.
Well it's junk food news to be sure. It's very expensive to produce actual news and to do it 24 hours would be impossible financially. So they just make cheaply produced news 24 hours a day most of which is just talk about the little facts they know on each story. It's this we need to move away from. News isn't discussion of the story - its the actual story. 
>Both sides of the political spectrum lie and leave out facts and twist words.Can we stop this false equivalency nonsense. Both sides do NOT do it, at least not anywhere near in the same amounts. Nothing the left has done is comparable to pizzagate, the birther movement, and all the other nonsense the alt-right has come up with.
Both sides do it really?  Where is the left pushing fake news?
Not all propaganda is fake.  It is possible to cherry-pick statistics that support your view.
Advertising masquerading as honesty, seems to be apple's approach to selling antediluvian technology in the form of new macbooks. The dongletards. 
That is not what we were looking for. Those were old abandoned WMDs not part of an active program. 
> Either that or publish accuracy reports for all media companies. Have laws against intentionally deceiving viewers. And teach readers to focus on the source of news.  > Multiple sources won't do a thing if they're all fake: I.e. CNN, NBC, Politico, Huffington Post, Salon, etc. These are all fake news sources.What makes you think Breitbart, Infowars and Fox News are legitimate? Might as well just claim you get all your daily doses of news from Westboro Baptist Church!What you're arguing about goes both ways.
So who is going to be the source of accuracy against which media organizations will be rated? Part of what makes fake news and, more generally, media ethics and journalistic quality a hard problem to tackle is that we don't have epistemic access to any sort of ground truth for the vast majority of information that gets reported. That's actually why we have journalists and news organizations in the first place; because there is no accepted source of ground truth and we rely on individuals investigating and reporting on what they observed and that we didn't see for ourselves.
wat 
No.  It still stems to media literacy.  Al Jazeera, mother jones, and other independent news sources are great places.  Another fantastic way to approach this to to actually have an education and take a peek into world history every now and then to help lend context to what's going on.  Read a few books, it goes a long way to help combat fake news which people seem to see as some enemy.  A great book would be Manufacturing Consent...it highlights how the American propaganda model functions.  That is what really constitutes fake news and has been a staple of western media for decades.  There's no conspiracy about this, but you need to be dense to think that the news that is easy to find and presented in an easily digestible way is devoid of some kind of spin or forced perspective, whether true or not.  Question everything :)
>I.e. CNN, NBC, Politico, Huffington Post, Salon, etc. These are all fake news sources.What have they reported that's false?
I guess you missed the part where he called on governments to crack down on fake news too. 
They protect people from defamation of character, but news organizations can avoid the consequences it would normally bring by printing a retraction. Usually in some obscure place in the publication. Or by labeling it satire, much of which is protected speech. 
Fair enough. Let's start with man made .....cough... climate change ...... which is total wreckd bullshit fake news. You down with my agenda to censor it? 
[But her emails!](http://i.imgur.com/LjHYrjO.gifv)
Actually Breitbart has reported blatantly false things before, so I would definitely classify them as fake news.
The two far reaches of left and right with reasonable audiences. If your a guardian reader briebart is the worse and if your briebart reader that ( or Huffington ) is the worse it all where you stand. Both edit there version of news to suit there agendas and if anyone doesn't think so are very naive. The best piece of advice I can give you is don't live in an echo chamber and read both left and right news sources as the truth of news story is somewhere in between.  If both a reporting the same means it's most likely true!
>Holy shit what subreddit am I on?It's easy to tell; you're on the only subreddit you post in on your month-old account.
Breitbart is someone who edited videos to make a black lady in the obama admin appear to be racist.  Obama had that black lady fired immediately.  If that isn't blatant racism I don't know what is.  Breitbart is news for racists.
Sure, there's the Guardian and others but not only those are linked on reddit and other places of the internet lol. There truly are too many uninformed news, maybe not ''fake news'' which is a stupid term but there are articles lacking any research and uneducated people or simply stupid ones do believe those articles.If you read the article linked on this post, a study by economists from Stanford and NYU estimated the impact of those ''fake news'' and it's much bigger than you'd expect unfortunately.As simple as this seems, for stupid or uneducated people, it isn't. You most likely won't find that kind of person around here since it's reddit for one, on a specific tech sub for 2 and 3, tech that mostly people well paid and therefore who have a job that requires a good eduction have (sure, everybody can buy something if they save enough, but the high end tMBP is like $4k Canadian).Never underestimate the stupidity of people. A person is smart, people are stupid.
[removed]
I understand but I wasn't talking about simple questions like that that are known by everybody. We were talking about news and journalism, it requires more than a quick google reply, more like a google research (actually opening a few different links on other tabs).Everybody who isn't actually dumb would know that ''yes, blacks are dumb'' is wrong and simply stupid and even then, someone who would search something like that is most likely quite dumb if they actually do wonder that and aren't just hopeless (inbred) racists.
So Hillary's tenure as SecState is dated now.  Okay.  And there was an explosion in Atlanta if you remember.
Leftist billionaires
You and I don't agree on facts. We have different sources. Most news articles I see on reddit cite anonymous sources without reliable verification. I would consider that fake news. It seems you do not.You didn't draw a line I would agree with.
News organizations have convinced you that they're true while others are false. That is the issue. Almost *all* news is false. I'd say about 1% of news is truthful, accurate, and tells the full, unbiased picture.
Goes passive-aggressive on subthread OPClaims how OP shouldn't regurgitate ~~talking points~~ longstanding grievances over right-wing political discourseClaims how we should respect each otherPosts in infowars and T_DYeah, definately no conflicts of interest there^^^^^^^^/s
No, its mostly the right who is on AM radio saying liberals are cancer.  The left isn't spreading fake news at all.
[deleted]
He must be giving an example of fake news 
How is it tinfoil to think an election company that worked for Trump's campaign with unknown financial backing is tied to Russia?https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/SCL_Group Is ANY question about what Russia is doing geopolitically a conspiracy theory? Is it not common knowledge that Russia is engaged in global propaganda? This one be just another example of many of Russia trying to influence foreign elections. This is not some crazy theory, this is the norm of modern politics. Until people realized that wars are waged with propaganda not bombs, they'll be easy targets for it every time. Case in point. 
> Leaving out stories is part of pushing a narrativeSo what sets the likes of Alex Jones' Infowars, Milo Yiannopolous' Breitbart, and Rupert Murdoch's Fox News apart from the rest of the MSM?Obama once went to the West Point Academy for a speaking engagement with the cadets there. Most of the MSM showed him getting a standing ovation before he started the speech. Fox News removed the standing ovation part so they could show him receiving a deafening silence from the audience.And you're here to claim how the left's pushing fake news and a biased narrative? Too easy m8.
Those sound like scientific facts, not news or alternative facts. :P
Wow this Thread has attracted the worst people on this website. 
There are no shades of grey to read about. Totally polarising opinions, because anything else doesn't get the pageviews. Sad!
I'm afraid people just read 140 characters and don't read what ever any links say.So they still don't have an accurate picture of a subject
I find it useful for the same reason you cite. Just started recently. Also I was mildly surprised and scared when I realized that I had constructed a world that was pretty much exactly what I wanted to hear from people who's points of view I agreed with. And I realized then how easily some idiots are lead astray by creating their own echo chambers.
I see twitter as 99% noise (not well founded opinions, banter, 'wittiness', sensationalism, and so on). The only interesting things about twitter are the trends you have to pay to see (which I'm not willing to do), and the few comments which are quoted elsewhere. I doubt you can get much more than wasting your time out of it.
Twitter has been shadow banning positive Trump tweets though.  Twitter is worthless for a news source.
Same. Twitter is actually great for news, depending on who you follow.
I use Twitter and Facebook strictly for tech news.Reddit is where I find some political news. I read the comments to see others opinions on the subject as well.
I never thought of twitter like that. That's a brilliant use, albeit limited compared to RSS but I like the simplicity of it. Thanks for the idea.
---------E
No it isn't. Despite having to navigate bullshit, at least the truth is somewhere on Reddit. It isn't anywhere to be found with traditional media sources like CNN, Fox News, etc..
Absolutely!
Trump brings out the worst in people.
Please provide a source you trust. 
> People relying on CNN, NYT, and Washington Post scares the shit out of me. They're constantly proven trying to push false narratives.Claim that, while you post in a sub where pro-Trump news are never vetted.If you honestly believe you can permanently secure-erase the bias out of the media, I have a bridge in Alaska I'd love to sell you.
My father in law isn't on SM at all, but that hasn't stopped him in recent years from descending into a very negative feedback loop of an alternative fact media bubble. He was a thoughtful engineer who now believes vaccines are a pharma conspiracy and that free trade is turning children gay, for example. Also thinks Twitter & FB are New World Order mind control programs. So I don't know if it's really a problem of SM per say. 
I think I get a pretty varied sampling of my FB network's thoughts, from stuff that aligns with my world view to stuff I feel is full on crazypants. But thats not any different to what it's like to attend a family reunion. :P As much as dramatically different world views can upset me, I still value them and try to use them as an opportunity to test my own views as well as learn how to constructively engage with people in difficult conversations, remembering that, as Marcus Aurelius said Everything we hear is an opinion, not a fact. Everything we see is a perspective, not the truth.
I read an excellent adage about journalism a few years ago: legitimate journalism doesn't tell you how to feel.Journalism at its best relays facts, cause and effect and context. Many sites today inject an opinion of good/bad, thus coloring the story.There is certainly a role that opinionated journalism can play, such as a watchdog for the public, but those pieces are clearly marked in a competent publication.  
That's the issue today. There is no common sense in news anymore.All the liberal media was saying trump would never be a president for the whole last year. Just last week liberal media was calling UCB riots peaceful protests. At the same time Alex government puts chemicals in the water that turn frogs gay Jones was much less biased then MSM. Dafuq is going on
I disagree. I've caught both shep and jake in plenty of bullshit, and their bias shows all the time.
Trumps done his best to class the mainstream like cnn and New York times as fake news. You even have people shouting that out now.
I do have time to stay informed. Same as I have time to exercise and get better at my hobbies. You make it sound like I'm neglecting my family at the cost of being informed which has absolutely nothing to do with the point of my post. My point was that the valuable time that I do set aside to be 'informed' should not have to be spent doing a journalist's job for them. They have their job to do and I have mine. Which is why I tend to vet my sources of news rather than spending hours scrutinising every single article that I read. We all have precious hours in the day and it's important we are able to spend them wisely which includes doing our jobs to the best of our abilities. 
With horrible sources and bias. I stick to /r/neutralnews and /r/neutralpolitics 
Ironically, Our smart phones and the internet are a lot like a pocket bible. A universal tool full of content that can fit ALL viewpoints which allow people to cherry pick what fits their preconceived notions.The problem isn't the tech. It's the people. 
Because it opens the door to censorship. It starts with simply calling out the fake news. Then they start banning/removing it. Once they have that power, they technically have the power to remove *any* news by simply saying it's fake. Obviously, this is an extreme example, and probably won't happen, but it could. 
i agree and disagree with you here. It was initially meant to fake posts on Facebook going to sites like msnbcnews.co123 What happened shortly afterwards is that someone tried to get creative and add conservative new media sites like Breitbart, InfoWars, and DailyCaller to the fake news list. When that happened, conservatives took offense to their new media sites being added, while things like OccupyDemocrats and Huffington Post were not. They started doing the same to CNN, which has gained a reputation of being rather dishonest throughout the last year.
Don't feed the trolls
Made up facts have been around the Internet and tabloid journalism since forever and nobody batted an eye. Stories about villages in Moldova where thousands of people were planted to make people think that there is a real problem. They just needed ammo to delegitimize the election results.Along the same line of arguments they drafted Motion 103 in Canada, Germany plans to implement a Counter-Force against disinformation (Abwehrzentrale gegen Desinformation) and facebook, Google Twitter et al. have vowed to carefully curate the information relevant to the French presidential election to the expected result that right-wing points of view are systematically oppressed. It's not a victim complex.
[removed]
[removed]
Why is CNN considered though? It's hardly in the same journalistic league as the BBC or NYT 
Erm. Expect they're starting to prove it. Starting yesterday. Have a look. The agent that wrote this doc. Is very well respected.  
Nothing is more infuriating to these posters than stuff like aww and bless your heart lol
I don't disagree, but can we also point out that unchecked lies are also a slippery slope? I'm inclined to believe that we're somewhat comfortable about that specific slippery slope because we're already on it, but it's not like the status quo is awesome either.
That's called lying by omission.  Notice, it's actually a form of lying.  
I never said those were legitimate sources. In fact, there are very few unbiased, truthful sources left anymore. I read all sides of stories from the left, center and the right. I have found CNN, et al, to be some of the most dishonest. If you aren't aware of their agenda, then you currently have the wool pulled over your eyes.What I'm interested in is the bigger picture. Why is the country so polarized and divided lately? And why is the media pushing this agenda (from both sides)? That should clue you into what their agenda might be...
We agree on two things, question everything and learn from history (but even history is written by the victor, so...). Unfortunately, Al Jazeera and Mother Jones are not great sources of information in my opinion. They are drivel when it comes to journalism. Primary source information is the best, and even that needs to be studied as to it's bias and agenda.Good luck to you, friend. I do believe you are on to something though. And I will look into that book you mentioned.
Hahahahahaha!! I'm sorry, but really?! All they do is report in a twisted, biased way according to their agenda. Those 'news' sources are trash and should be avoided at nearly all costs.I would answer your question directly, but I'm afraid you'll just come back with the typical 'but look at what Fox News did 2 years ago!?'. So go research yourself if you're  interested.
I get what you're saying but don't you also see that climate change is a great example of where this would be extremely beneficial? We wouldn't have so many people making outlandish claims that have no basis in reality. You would force *both* sides of the conversation into a discussion of what is really going on, instead of being cluttered with clickbait sensationalist journalism that is muddying the waters in what should be a clear conclusion for voters.What I'm talking about more or less is a limit that would fall largely on the press, and not on citizens. There is a certain responsibility that news/journalist organizations assume when they publish content; people expect what they're reading to be true, and organizations that go out of their way to continually publish misinformation should be punished or otherwise held responsible.
It's not about whether or not the news is blatantly false, really. It's about whether or not the piece itself is traceable to a responsible party  a person, organization, or brand that one can identify. That way Breitbart is, theoretically, held responsible by the public for issues of journalistic integrity and false reporting.It doesn't make them a fake organization, however. They can write basically whatever they want. It's not like we're going to call out a church newsletter because their religious writings are fake news or whatever. 
Devil's advocate could be argued guardian posts race baiting stories on their website. Also could be argued they are more racist ( if you follow the true sense of the world) than briebart 
I'll repeat what I said: if you fall for a fake news story you're a sucker. There are reputable outlets who employ reputable journalists. Read those. 
Did one kill your mother or something? Tone it down.
Eh, what? It seems you don't know what you're talking about. 
LOL You can't be serious. Oh wait...(checks history)...huh, I guess you are serious.So, what's it like sucking the Trump teat?
I used that example because it's obvious that the result is wrong. It just showcases that Google giving out biased or wrong information is a thing that happens. Not all instances will be as obvious or easy to detect. Looking stuff up on Google is a good start and will work against most fake news, but in some cases, it won't be enough. Also, news isn't either true or wrong, sometimes it's just misleading or stating a few wrong things in the middle of a good article. 
Politically irrelevant then? And good try, but no. Spicer has thrown out the excuse that he misspoke and meant Florida. He certainly wasn't going to try to call attention to an attack carried out by a radical right wing terrorist, we are trying desperately to pretend that doesn't exist. 
Well as far as I'm aware she did lose the election, so yes, her tenure is, in fact, dated and no longer relevant to the current political discussion.
Only christian terrorists have attacked atlanta.  If trump were consistent he would also ban christian extremists.  Everyone knows its about racism not terrorism.
Not true but okay. 
You mean like Reddit? Seriously it's not only twitter. 
Like reddit if you don't filter down your subscriptions from the defaults.You can't just talk about Twitter as a single thing. Everyone has a different feed. What you get out of Twitter depends entirely on how you've curated your content.
Everytime you see an article you like in the NYT, WaPo, or Politico look at the authors twitter.  It's pretty insightful and a lot of the really good journalists are open to some form of discussion on twitter.  If you just follow the trends and hashtags you won't find anything. 
Huh? How do you have to pay to see trends.. they're literally on the sidebar of the website or in the search tab on the app?
Do you have a source on this?
FFS.... the irony of this post in the fake news thread is too much
Facebook isn't half bad either. I've liked so many news outlets (admittedly the more left leaning ones e.g. NPR, NYTimes, etc.) and unfollowed people that my newsfeed is mainly filled with... well, news. Like you said, it depends on who you follow.   
I don't see CNN telling people there is a pedo ring being run out of a pizza parlor. 
How is that different from having to navigate on Facebook or Twitter? It all depends on what kind of feed you curate.
To me, that's the worst.  For the other news outlets (Huffpo, others), the news is **so** sensationalistic that (I feel) it forces the readers to think critically about it (vs take it in verbatim).  I know of people who religiously believe CNN or Fox (not the same people).  
I don't trust outlets, but I do trust individual journalist. Like Glenn Greenwald and the like.
[deleted]
It's part of the problem, not the whole thing. 
I think that's only half the problem.An article can cherry-pick some details and omit others in order fit an agenda. Everything in the article may be factual, but the facts could be presented in a way that leads the reader to an incorrect conclusion.
Because most news outlets have an agenda: Fox is right wing, The Guardian is left wing etc
Bias =/= fake. Source me what you're referencing.
Which is crazy considering they're far more reliable at getting good actual news that Breitbart which he loves. 
I see, thanks.
I'd prefer it to only go far to where something deemed fake news has an ! bubble on it that you tap on and then it directs you to *why* this isn't factual news. It'd be nice if each news story had automatically provided sources to corroborate or disprove the piece.What I don't get is why you'd prefer everyone being utterly misinformed by false news articles over being correctly informed by having news called out by a corporation or government.I understand the fear of government censoring and curating news, though. Can't wait for the bots writing sports articles to take over writing other articles.
Breitbart ist not a conservative media site.
I know, but it's a bit worrying how many t_d users are trolling this thread.
Which parts of right wing views are being systematically oppressed?
> Made up facts have been around the Internet and tabloid journalism since forever and nobody batted an eye.Made up facts have been around ever since the *fucking* Printing Press was invented and nobody gives a shit.> It's not a victim complex.The very altright subs you frequent are prime examples of a victim complex.
Yes, Buzzfeed leaked the document.  https://www.buzzfeed.com/kenbensinger/these-reports-allege-trump-has-deep-ties-to-russiaNote that while Buzzfeed states the Dossier has errors, the errors are not substantial and more minor like transcription errors and the like. http://edition.cnn.com/2017/02/10/politics/russia-dossier-update/index.html?adkey=bnAND THE PEE STUFF IS LITERALLY THE LEAST IMPORTANT PART OF THIS!!! (Aside from that,Trump is a billionaire, - citation needed, he has not shown his tax returns and claims his net worth fluctuates according to his feels.As for he needs to go to Russia to see some girls piss on each other,, that's not argued. If it happened and we see video (pls no) of this, it would be obvious that he didn't GO TO Russia for that, he went to Russia for one of his various Russian trips (which you can see on twitter as he tweets about everything) and it was more of a well, while I'm here... kind of thing)
I believe the dossier claimed he was there for the Miss Universe pageant that he held in Russia, nobody's saying he went specifically for those prostitutes. 
That's not how a fetish works. 'Oh I'm rich I don get off on xxx'Nope. As a side note and to be fair to trump a lot of information in this document is unproven BUT they are starting to find prove....just yesterday they confirmed some of it was true. 
>The part with the pissing apparently came from a 4chan poster who knew someone from the intelligence community and added this as a jokeThat's absolutely ridiculous. Think about it for a second. A 4chan poster said that they tricked several global intelligence agencies...and you believed him/her? *Just because a random person said so* . Then surely you should believe me because I was there and I saw him piss on the girls with my own eyes.
Except part of the document was found true today so no, it did not come from 4chan but good try
It did not change me from 4chan. 
I consider CNN to be a source for low level journalism, not too in depth but it'll point me toward better sources with better research
CNN heavily editorializes every single article they run.  It's not who, what where, when, why?  It's those plus here's why it's good or bad.  This is against everything in real journalism.  Every news outlet in America is essentially gizmodo 
Well the NYT did repeat the lie about iraq having wmd. Even though they apologised, they still fucked up big.
Oh I know, thats why I do it. They are simply trying to troll anyway 
I agree. A slippery slope is something to be aware and careful of, not necessarily something to avoid altogether. The status quo is dangerous, and a potential change doesn't have to be completely safe to be preferable, merely less dangerous. 
Give me a specific example. Shouldn't be too hard if you think they're that bad.
I'm not being sarcastic. Man made climate change really IS bullshit. But with so many fake news outlets proliferating this nonsense as fact, it's consumed as truth. So I agree with Tim Cook here. Something should be done to hold these fake sources accountable. 
>It's not about whether or not the news is blatantly false, reallyYes it is...that's literally the definition of fake news.>It's about whether or not the piece itself is traceable to a responsible party  a person, organization, or brand that one can identify.How did you come up with that? That's completely irrelevant to the truthfulness of the news being reported.>It doesn't make them a fake organization, however.We're talking about fake news, not fake organizations.
I don't want to say you're illiterate but from this reply it seems like it so I'll repeat. This is reddit and not only do people post all sorts of links on here but also on the rest of the internet so no, there aren't only reputable journalists linked.But I do like The Guardian.
[removed]
Yeah I completely agree. That's where the ''gotta get this out asap to be the first'' comes into play. They work too fast nowadays and that's how they mislead us.
[deleted]
Ha yup, that is very true
This. 
To be fair, keeping up with what's trending is a decent way to keep track of breaking news. It's far better than Reddit for that, nowadays.
His ass
if you havent already heard about it you're probably watching fake news to be honest.its been all over youtube and social media with proof backing it up.  It's even hit the top page of reddit.. There was even an announcement from the twitter ceo the other day
are you implying the trump administration is fake news?  If so, that is really funny 
Exactly. When a friend repeatedly posts dubious news articles, all you to do is unfollow them to stop seeing that stuff. However, I will say that I prefer Twitter's algorithms to Facebook's. It seems that whenever I visit Facebook, its algorithms are intent on showing me news that I've already seen before on Twitter or another platform.
But you did see CNN tell us Hillary was going to win.. and you didn't see it talk about any of the content of the Podesta emails.. but you did see it say he emails were hacked and also created by Russia. CNN is junky propaganda made for the stupidest set of Americans.
I find that you don't really navigate on Facebook. You just scroll down in your feed and see what is handed to you.
I would say worse than incompetence, down right deceptive in their reporting.
They don't have an agenda, they have a point of view. They may editorialise, but that is limited to the opinion articles.
Only in editorials.  In actual articles there should be no bias.  Yes there will be bias in what they choose to allocate resources to report on, so for example The NYT will put a ton of resources into Trump and barely any into investigating George Soros, but the articles will all be well researched and contain facts that are free of bias.  That is the thing that has been broken by Fox and CNN is the idea that straight up reporting is biased, it isn't the entire goal of a good journalist is to present facts and let the reader do what they will with them.  CNN and Fox have pushed their editorial programs so hard under the cover of news that so many people now think that is what news actually is.  Get a subscription to a paper for a week and read the actual articles, almost none will be biased only the editorials will be and they are clearly marked as such.
Sorry I don't save every video clip of shep and jake saying something false or stupid.
I agree, that would be a good way to do it. Obviously, I'd rather not have everyone being utterly misinformed by false news. My point was that I would prefer the false news to still exist misinforming people than the government controlling what is and isn't fake. In an ideal world, it would be nice if the fake news didn't exist at all, or as you suggested, something to indicate what is fake news with sources to prove that it is fake. In reality, people need to be taught how to critically analyse what they read so they can make informed decisions on what they read rather than simply believing it straight away. 
I'm sorry, what now?
And Trump ist not a conservative president. But here we are.
BAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHHAThank you for that
Seriously this is r/apple, when did they start making their way over here where it's relatively free of politics
Right but what I'm saying is if anyone thinks a couple girls wouldn't pee on each other at the trump hotel in Las Vegas for some buffet vouchers they're living in a fantasy world
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
> but good tryWhy is this kind of patronizing shit even required?Also, lmao: couple of years ago everyone agreed on how shitty CNN was. Now some people say it's ok just because it's anti-Trump.Let me guess, you also think Teen Vogue and Cosmo are the new best sources of political news? Because /r/politics sure think so.Edit: lmao, even this sub thinks /r/politics is a good source of news? Jesus fuck this is sad.
They reported the news. Colin Powell stood in front of the United Nations with the evidence . The NYT didn't just make it up in a board room. How is fake information like that supposed to be vetted? This is why our politicians need to earn our trust, and why Trump has lost most people's, and will have a hard time earning it back. 
I don't understand how a governing power deciding the truthiness of an article is less dangerous.
https://youtu.be/7DcATG9Qy_A
OK I'll bite, how the fuck do you ignore the mountains of scientific research suggesting climate change is real and humans have a significant effect on it?
> I don't want to say you're illiterate but from this reply it seems like it so I'll repeatYou can make your point without the ad hom.
Then why don't you provide your 'uncensored' version.
Okay. I'm coming from the point where yesterday I brought up not one but two easily debunked mainstream media news stories in another thread. All I received was mostly akin to an ostrich with its head in the sand. 
twitter ceo
Ok, but do you have a source?
No. You are stating something that clearly has no evidence that it has ever happened.If it did happen, Trump would be screaming his head off about it.You are posting fake news without any evidence that it exists. This is about you...Trump and Co. have their own issues with creating historical fiction and passing it off as facts.
Problem with that is people do the exact same thing to only get news that agrees with them, regardless of how accurate it is.  That's how we're in this mess.
So were they hacked by Russia or created by Russia? Please clarify. 
So CNN is fake because they didn't validate your fever dream delusions? Okay  
I find that I do the same thing on Reddit and in the comment sections. Sometimes you come across good content, sometimes you don't. It all depends on what subreddits you're subscribed to, much like who and what you follow on social media.
Not really with FN. They selectively cover what supports their PoV and then bury what doesn't. 
Ok so the agenda is pushing their point of view
[deleted]
There's plenty out there but you can't cite one example?
Yeah, I think that's the crux of the problem.It's very difficult to teach critical analysis and it's far too easy to give it up to confirmation bias. It's just easier to ignore everything that makes you feel wrong and adhere to whatever you think is right.
Politics isn't binary and right-wing and conservative aren't interchangeable. Conservativism is its own political ideology. Breitbart follows a different ideology.The core of political conservatism is (very basically) we should be careful about change and that tradition is good because it's important not to risk what we have now.
Maybe conservative means something else in your language but where I am from sites like Breitbart are as right wing radical as it gets, not just conservative. At times even verging on pure neonazism.
Tell me where I am wrong please.
Did Barack and Michelle Obama stay in Trump Hotels though? That was supposedly his motivation. I'm not sure what the usual arrangements are for the president when he visits different countries, but maybe before he was president there really weren't many chances to get into a hotel room shortly after the Obamas? Now he has plenty of chances to have prostitutes in places they slept I'm sure..
Well, maybe 4chan ought to become a national security agency then.
Says the guy who seems to think he has access to likely classified documents from intelligence agencies. You'll say CNN publishes fake news, but you'll 100% believe some random poster on 4chan. This is why people don't take you seriously. Can you not see the irony?
[One of the most important parts.](https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/national-security/national-security-adviser-flynn-discussed-sanctions-with-russian-ambassador-despite-denials-officials-say/2017/02/09/f85b29d6-ee11-11e6-b4ff-ac2cf509efe5_story.html)>Nine current and former officials, who were in senior positions at multiple agencies at the time of the calls, spoke on the condition of anonymity to discuss intelligence matters.>All of those officials said Flynns references to the election-related sanctions were explicit. Two of those officials went further, saying that Flynn urged Russia not to overreact to the penalties being imposed by President Barack Obama, making clear that the two sides would be in position to review the matter after Trump was sworn in as president.
There's a difference between shitty and intentionally spreading harmful and slanderous falsities for an agenda. 
Better than 4chan any day.
I don't know how to vet such information. But I would just be more sceptical when a government creates a new institution that confirms a fact other institutions didn't.And you don't need me to tell you that they fucked up. According to wikipedia their editors apologised afterwards: we wish we had been more aggressive in re-examining the claims (related to Iraqi weapons programs) as new evidence emerged  or failed to emerge.And you can't ever trust a politician when he tells you that we have to go to war. If only one country (+ their closest allies) declares war, chances are they have bad intentions.
>[**CNN says it's ILLEGAL for you to read the Wikileaks/Hillary Clinton emails [0:15]**](http://youtu.be/7DcATG9Qy_A)>>CNN really does NOT want you reading the #wikileaks Hillary Clinton emails.> [*^Little ^Centipede*](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCdc0abZb0j5C7SGgy4VwrAQ) ^in ^Entertainment>*^404,315 ^views ^since ^Oct ^2016*[^bot ^info](/r/youtubefactsbot/wiki/index)
I usually don't and certainly wouldn't have if he had not been rude either because I doubt he's actually an idiot so I assumed he simply tried to piss me off. After all I did just type a well explained and constructive reply which he brushed off like I had said nothing.
That's fine it happens, doesn't mean republicans don't do it too. Fake news is out there and there's tons of it, the problem I have is when people refer to real news as fake news, which is what Trump seems to enjoy doing...or they just make stuff up themselves cuz they know lots of people just read the headline assume fact.
Again... Source?
Neither. Podesta's password was ridiculously stupid.
No. CNN is only fake when they don't tell the truth. Also, you are being fake because I stated 4 facts to be addressed and you called them 'fever dream delusions' while never addressing any of the facts I stated. This isn't even a real discussion at this point. You have a bias and no amount of truth will change your mind.However, I found a post by you that I do agree with - the Democrats aren't doing their fucking jobs. Bernie should have exposed Hillary for rigging the primary and more Democrats should have the moral fortitude to challenge the 'neoliberals.' If the Democrats ran with anyone that wasn't a total disgusting piece of shit, they would be winning more. If the Democrats don't start leading with honest people, they will have no hope of forcing the Republicans to be more honest - and Neocons will basically control everything again.
The agenda they're pushing is ad revenue and viewership.
I couldn't for the life of me remember any conservative boogeyman that people talk about more than Soros.  I wonder if he reads all these conspiracy theories about himself and wonders why Bill Gates and Warren Buffet don't have an equally rabid conspiracy base.
And here's the fake news reader
Exactly. The agenda of Breitbart is not to conserve a political state but to change it in a radical and fundamentally undemocratic way. It's extremely scary to me that America has apparently shifted so far to the right that people see this as mere conservatism now.
I see. I've been believing for a year now that there is a moderate republican faction and a singular conservative, tea-party, alt-right faction in Congress. I have difficulty understanding federal politics and leaders.
Let's just call it extreme conservative shall we
[removed]
[deleted]
I'm not disagreeing. But I do believe it's the first time any western nation had been so brazen with fake evidence. The media got a bit too complacent. I'm still not 100% sure how you vet top secret info though. 
[But her emails!](http://i.imgur.com/LjHYrjO.gifv)
You made a blanket statement. I reply that it isn't true. I'm still trying to find where I wrote republicans don't do it too? Guess what, Trump, the Republicans, the Democrats, the Media, ALL lie. 
a quick google search has tons of results, but here is one from reddit on the subject.  don't bother discounting the link simply because of which sub its from.  The facts are inside.  Facts are facts regardless of where you read them.  Also, feel free to do your own independent tests to verify if you still don't believe it.https://www.reddit.com/r/The_Donald/comments/5slam3/twitter_is_100_confirmed_shadowbanning_trump/
You didn't state any facts. You stated bizarre conclusions you arrived at due to your lack of grasp of facts and context.Hence why Reddit is worse. At best it's full of people who think spewing facts is a substitute for knowledge. But more often it's full of people who build up grand narratives without understand any fundamentals. 
Seriously! I've done some light reading on the guy and I just don't get it. I think because hes a big dem donor they latched onto him but honestly it makes no sense.
What?
>America has apparently shifted so far to the right that people see this as mere conservatism now.This isn't actually happening.  The terms Conservative and Republican are used interchangeably, same with Liberal and Democrat.  It's not a political shift, it's just how the words are being used. 
Think the confusion is between religious conservatives vs political conservatives. Religious conservatives in the US are mainly politically reactionary (they want to go back to a previous way of being)
They aren't conservative. I explained this in another comment. Having a conservative political opinion means being careful of change, wanting to conserve the current state of things. Breitbart and Trump aren't like that. They are right wing radicals but they are by no means conservative. They want to radically change the country and its political landscape into a much more authoritarian, anti-democratic USA. Calling them conservative is as wrong as it is dangerously belittling.
You asked which part of the dossier was corroborated.
The post you replied to.
Yes.
Why don't you provide a reliable source?  I'm completely willing to believe that Twitter is hiding Trump in some way, but I need a reliable source.You can't just say Don't discount the source.  If I were to provide a CNN link stating that Trump is a Russian puppet, you'd probably take it with a huge grain of salt, and CNN is more reliable that /r/TheDonald.  C'mon, you should know better...The burden of ***proof*** lies on the accuser.
The George Soros conspiracies are beyond ridiculous.
Are they? Seems unnecessarily confusing given that there are conservative democrats and there used to be liberal republicans.
And yet, we live in a 2 party system so anyone on the right will be labeled as a conservative. Trump ran as a republican.
It'd be a fourth. Current environment is 7, 7 Plus, and the SE. If you have 7S, 7S Plus, and 8, none immediately replace the SE.e: it sucks because while everyone's tired of talking about what Steve Jobs would do, he was pretty obviously against fragmentation. You're seeing it for a while with the iPads, the iPhone is now heavily trending in this direction, and I don't know what to say about the MB/MBP lines right now other than wat
I agree, I even think the plus and the 7 should have nearly identical features like the 6 plus and 6 did... a lot of people want a small iPhone with the features of the plus (and I know the size is an issue with the dual camera) 
I think it's pretty certain that it will happen. 
It seems ridiculous to charge more given that android OEMs include them
>he was pretty obviously against fragmentationFor starters, fragmentation isn't what's going on with the iPhones. They all maintain feature and performance parity well within reason.Second, have you heard of the iPod?At one point you had the iPod, touch, nano, and shuffle all on the shelf at the same time.
It's not just the OLED that may cause the price hike. And high end android phones have already reached the $1000 mark. But whatever apple makes, it's a trend to just call it overpriced while the rivals get away with the same thing
iPod touch, nano, and shuffle all looked very different, had defined price points, their form immediately suggested their function and therefore benefits and target audiences. (Not familiar with what point in time there was also just an iPod on the market at the same time. Do you mean the classic? That was for people who prioritized more storage space.)I have no idea what iPad is targeted to college students.
The pixel is the same price as the iPhone. Wasn't the s7 also 650?
The 4th gen iPod, U2 Special Edition iPod, and the iPod Photo all existed at the same time. I should have just said that.Also, I don't mean the iPod classic. That was the 6th gen iPod.
Yea, iPods came in different forms with simple names & obvious differentiations.iPads however...iPad Pro (2 sizes and with slight differences but same name)iPad Air 2 (predecessor to both Pro models)iPad mini 4 (smaller iPad Air 2)iPad mini 2 (because of course...)it's pretty silly. Like they only consider naming for the time a new product launches & ignore the fact at how confusing it will get.
I see what you're getting at but quite honestly my point stands. You knew if you wanted a U2 iPod or not, and if you wanted or didn't want to cough up the extra cash for an iPod Photo would be the decider between it and an iPod.
I've been looking at Apple Watch as an iPhone replacement for so long now. I've had two before (Original Stainless 42, Leather. Original Sport 42, SG) and I sold them within 3 months of owning both. However I decided to give the Nike a go and I really have to say that I'm incredibly impressed with how motivating the Activity app is. I'm down 12 kilograms since august and I really do have to thank the watch. 
Song: Muzi - Dark Matterhttps://itun.es/au/7hfYhb?i=1204310661
First one much better
Definitely much better than the Apple Watch. 
What's so motivating about it? If a thingy on my wrist tells me to stand up or do exercise I wouldn't because I won't be able to. When do you even make time to fill out the rings with limited time?
Is the op talking about the nike edition of AW or a separate nike fitness tracker?
That's the exact point. To find time. I never have time but one thing I found time for was my health. 
So how did you make time?
Well I work 6 days a week so I found it hard to find the time initially but it started with taking the stairs and parking the furtherest park away so I had to walk the extra time. Now when I finish work it I can get to the gym I can. 
The USB cable in the box is primarily for charging with the included adaptor
It would double the amount of SKUs they have to maintain. 
Do they have lightning to USB C cables?
You can select an additional USB-C to Lightning cable I'd guess. But, for the standard one, it's there to at least work with your wall charger that's in the box.
I am wondering the same thing. What if the iPhone instead came with vouchers you can use to exchange for the charging cables of your choice? Maybe someone doesn't want Lightning EarPods and prefers the old EarPods in conjunction with the headphone adaptor instead (so he can use it with other devices). It would allow consumers to better customise their accessories to better suit their situations. 
I am a big fan of the 4th gen Apple TV, but it ships with a USB-A to Lightning cable when the TV itself only has a USB-C port. Makes no sense. Wish I could trade the cable in.
Take it to the store and ask for a swap.
Which makes me wonder, at what point are they going to switch the adapter to USB-C?
If it's primarily for charging there is no reason for them to hold back on USB-C.Seriously, I just want Apple to go full USB-C. Fuck the lightning port.
Yes, they've had them for a while - I believe since March last year. I've had one since the summer though. 
Yup. [Here you go](http://www.apple.com/shop/product/MK0X2AM/A/usb-c-to-lightning-cable-1-m).
Does Apple actually do this? Seems like it could be exploited. 
Are these cables somehow restricted to Macs or do they with Windows as well?
No. 
They absolutely do not 
Nah, they dont. Even when you're buying an iPhone and explicitly ask them to give you a USB-C lightning cable. I recently bought an iPhone and I tried to do this but they refused (told them that it won't connect to my USB-C only MBP). Later on, when I opened the box, I realized that it wouldn't make sense anyways because their wall charger uses USB-A.
USB-C is not an Apple proprietary port, so I'm sure it works with any other USB-C devices.
I've used my USB C to Lightning cable with my gaming rig and it worked fine. 
For tracking your food you could always try MyFitnessPal, it's what I use. Not sure if it has all of what you're looking for but it's free so you can always give it a try and see if it's what you're looking for.
Aside from maybe looking at photos on Flickr and viewing photos taken on an iPhone 7/Plus, and photos taken from a camera, I don't think there's much Wide Colour Gamut content out there...On Macs it's mostly meant for photography professionals right now, I'm afraid. 
Web developers, in general, shouldn't use DCI-P3 colors for the web. 
HDR != Wide Color Gamut. Different things.
As someone with the new laptop how do I even get started with experiencing the DCI-P3 color space? I tried visiting the websites but couldn't find any distinction or couldn't understand what to look for. OOB the macbook was set to the color LCD color profile and selecting the DCI-P3 manually made the colors look more dull.
Is the DCI-P3 color space as large as the one in HDR?
I feel like I see the difference all the time just on YouTube. Colours just look better and more accurate, (depends on the content you watch I guess)
Why?
They certainly don't need to, but it's stupid to say they *shouldn't* when there's a fairly well-supported media query for it.
First, are you using a 2016 MacBook Pro? The regular MacBook is only sRGB.Second, keep your color profile set to default. Apple calibrates your display at the factory, and the default color profile is calibrated specifically for your display.Third, try some of the comparisons here to see the difference:https://webkit.org/blog-files/color-gamut/comparison.html
Color space is a (mostly) separate concept from dynamic range. HDR can use any color space.
No, HDR10 and Dolby HDR support the rec. 2020 color space, which is much larger than P3. 
...because most panels won't display it correctly
It's probably more stupid to not know what in general means
Thanks for that site. Great comparison on my 7 Plus
BUT no television is capable of doing greater than 100% of DCI-P3
That's pretty piss poor reasoning.You can include both P3 and sRGB colors. Just because it's only visible by a small audience doesn't mean it should be ignored.If that was the case, no apps should support the MacBook Pro Touch Bar, @3x assets, Apple Pay on web, 4K video, and more.
That's what color profiles & corrections are for
> Just because it's only visible by a small audience doesn't mean it should be ignored.Literally why it should be ignored, and not just cause of the small audience but how many people do you think even know what P3 is, or looking at a single image/page can tell if it uses P3 or not. I think outside of photos I see no reason to ever use P3 in application/site.> If that was the case, no apps should support the MacBook Pro Touch Bar, @3x assets, Apple Pay on web, 4K video, and more.A lot of apps don't support 4K video right now, last I checked iTunes doesn't, must be some 3rd rate companies app.Things like 3x assets are a different category, the application/site would look blurry and bad, sticking too sRGB doesn't have the same effect.
Having to do two sets of images based on colour profile is going to double the amount of work that people need to do, which makes no sense for any reason.
Only less than 1% of users even calibrate the colors, let alone having the knowledge of color spaces. You'll be a failed designer without caring for the mass
iTunes absolutely plays 4K content. my point is should Netflix and YouTube remove all 4K content because not most panels won't display it correctly?Should all audio be limited to 128Kbps since anything higher would be a waste on most speakers?Should 4K Blu-Ray disks not be made since most people don't have 4K Blu-Ray players?Should sRGB images today even use a 32 bit color pallet since most displays can't even accurately display all those colors?Should websites even support the latest and greatest crypto ciphers since most devices won't support them?
If the images send to the client includes a color profile, wide color images will be compressed in the available gamut. I was talking about profiles, not calibration.
Mobile browsers on Android don't give a shit about your profile and will just hope it's sRGB. I think most everywhere else - current Windows, OSX, and iOS browsers deal with color profile correctly, but mobile non-iOS is a pretty big chunk of users for most sites.Edited to add: [iOS also only added color profile support in 9.3](https://jeffcarlson.com/2016/03/23/colorsync-support-in-ios-9-3/) AFAICT. Less than a year ago non-sRGB images were displayed incorrectly on all of mobile.
The remote is awful. Trackpad was a bad idea, it's too small to be precise. Glass was also a dumb decision for a thing that's destined to be sat on and dropped by children. The App Store is also a wasteland over a year on.
Honestly I think airplay has just gotten worse over the years. 
I've been using my Apple TV 4 for ages now and it's been great. It's possibly the best device for browsing Plex (which admittedly is 90% of what this Apple TV does). It's without a doubt the best when using a 10-foot interface.Some people are complaining about the trackpad on the remote, but honestly I *love* it. Pressing individual directional buttons on a remote, especially an IR remote, is just a shitty way to send input into a device, especially when you have to scroll a long way through a list. The trackpad allows both precision and fast scrolling, and it feels very natural, especially when coupled with the subtle visual feedback the Apple TV gives you as you move your finger around. It's that kind of attention to detail that I love in Apple products.That said, would it have killed them to design the remote so it's easy to tell which way is forward just using touch?Lastly, I love the trackpad because it makes the remote into a pretty good general input device. I have a little custom app I made for my Apple TV that when I select it, it switches the input on my TV over to my Windows gaming PC. I then set it up so that the Siri remote controls the cursor, clicking the remote clicks the mouse, and the play/pause button brings up the on screen keyboard. That about covers all the bases. And pressing home switches back to the Apple TV. No way to do anything that cool with a regular remote.
I'll wait for 4K
It's because it's small fries compared to the other stuff and there's enough good alternatives.
I have a big complaint about Apple TV 4. No optical audio. They dropped it on Apple TV 4 and the new MacBook pro??There's no reason to do it for either product except penny pinching. Home theatre support and optical DAC support was a huge selling point for me on the previous generation of both products. I'd also really like to get a new Apple TV because of some of the exclusive apps/channels they have for streaming that you have to AirPlay (Buggy) on the older Apple TV, but I'm not going to do it because I'm not going to have my home theatre audio bricked because apple was too cheap to support optical even though they massively increased the products price. 
- No 4K- No HDR- No audio out- No variable refresh rate- Some people really don't like the remote
I've heard people complain about the remote quite a bit actually
I love everything about it, but I can't watch anything on it. I read up on and started noticing the 3:2 pull down judder in 60p signals showing 24p content, and now I just can't unsee it. I have to have refresh rate switching, and Apple just won't support that. So for most things, I got an nVidia Shield TV instead, which is crappier in every single way *except* that it can actually play my movies and TV episodes in the frame rate they are encoded in. An Apple TV with native refresh rate switching would make it 100% absolutely perfect in my eyes. 
Or its positioned so badly, and sells so poorly, that no ones buying one in the first place to be dissatisfied.
If I have a console already for Netflix and stuff, any sense of me getting an Apple TV? anything I should know? 
I hate my ATV4, and I've switched back to my ATV3. The UI is awful and seems to encourage Siri use... but they haven't enabled Siri in my country
The one thing I miss the most is the freaking clock.
I think the appleTV had the chance of being something great and when they announced the 4th Gen, I was really excited as I could see a lot of potential in this machine. Sadly it never reached it IMHO. 1. $10 a month subscription service for iTunes TV and movies... This would be a killer, Apple's huge catalog and streaming capability for $10 a month. 2. Gaming, I was hoping they'd introduce a wireless controller (like a PS4 or Xbone) that would make it easy for games to be ported, I know there's a bunch of 3rd Party controllers, but a package with the wireless controller also included would make it more attractive to casual gamers. 3. TV Pro with beefier hardware, allowing the games to be comparable to the 2012 PS4 or Xbone. 4. Keyboard and mouse support. Imagine if it could become a mini Mac mini with a Keyboard/mouse/trackpad support added into iOS, it's probably already powerful enough to run Safari, Word, Excel and other commonly used apps.I honestly thought that with all of this, I could see it being the next den/student/casual computer. One device plugged into a HD (or 4K) TV (heck Apple could even brand a display that it neatly clips into in the back), which would be good enough for most people and cheap enough that they'd buy it.It's almost like they made the product and then moved onto to work on a different device and forgot all about it.Anyhoe, this is just my 2 and probably very different from yours.
I will say that after having mine for a little over a year, it's the most awkward piece of technology I've ever used. Granted I really only use it for Netflix, YouTube, and occasionally a wireless display for my MBP, it's an incredibly daunting experience trying to make the most out of it using the rest of the features.
Nobody complains about it because nobody uses theirs.Bought mine ONLY for VLC streaming from my iMac.  Almost two years later, still can't get the damn thing to work.
I returned mine. I didn't see what the upgrade was. 
It would be nice if I could store video content on that hard drive I'm not using for anything - instead of having to stream when I want to watch it and putting up with shit Australian internet speeds. 
The only really annoying thing is constantly being prompted to login to provider apps. If Apple TV will ever replace a cable box they need to fix this issue
You jinxed it OP. Lol
If you don't like the remote just get the remote app for iPhone, it's great!
I wish it had 4K support. That's my only wish.
My Apple TV 4 seems to be less stable than its predecessors. I have to quit / restart apps like Netflix/HBO often.
Wish there was more tv content in the UK. This is more a problem with the providers as ITV/Channel 4/ Channel 5/ UKTV group don't have catch-up services available on it yet. If the ultimate dream is for this thing to replace the Sky box or whatever, they should really start focusing on content people want (TV+ Film) as well as games and apps.
If they don't fix the problems, eventually people stop complaining about them.  That doesn't mean the problems went away.
I despise the ATV4 remote. I prefer any Roku remote over the ATV4 remote.  Otherwise it is fine.  
Wishlist for AT5:- 4K-HDR-Gigabit ethernet-Ability to connect wired headphones to remote.
Well, it would be nice if the remote would behave.
I've got no complaints other than some apps I'd like to see added.  It's friggen' great.
I got my Atv/4 6 months ago and within 2 months it had bricked itself. It was a huge hassle to replace and when I got it back I had to redownload all the apps I set up for streaming and log into each one. That means getting out a laptop and going to 20 different activation websites to sign into each app separately. It was so tedious I ended up using my PS4 for streaming everything. Also siri is a joke and the remote is awful. In addition to the track pad being very difficult to use, the remote is impossible to to tell which way is up when watching in the dark. So instead of pausing my show or turning down the volume I end up going back to the main menu 80% of the time. It has a lot of flaws, but there is an apple TV subreddit that is full of complaints and troubleshooting, which is the first place I checked when mine bricked itself. Don't get me wrong its a decent media player, but its far from perfect.
Is the YouTube app broken on anyone else's Apple TV? I'm unable to like or subscribe or anything while watching a video. There's no way to pause the video like on the old Apple TV and hit the like and subscribe button. 
They made it worse by removing the Airplay button on control center (that does not mirror your screen)
It's actually awesome. Having the WATCH and GO channels are awesome and we finally can watch just about everything. Also the Aerial screensaver is pretty cool 
Except the new Hulu profiles don't work on it. >:|
Personally, I love the Apple TV 4.  Mac mini as my Plex server with 64TB of external drives.  What's not to love?Oh, for those complaining about the remote.  Although it's glass, I'm not sure what you'd have to do to break one.  I've dropped mine on a hard wood floor a few times with no problems.  That being said, if you're really paranoid, there are plenty of cheap silicone covers.  I use them more for the way they feel (and to know which way to hold the remote).
I have only 1 problem with it - it doesn't have the muscle (or proper drivers or whatever) to play pretty much any h265 content... :/Other than that, it is fantastic!
Totally. I bought mine 3 weeks ago and I'm still impressed by how much better it is than my old 3rd gen.Two issues I have though, and its not all Apple's fault because devs have to support Apple TV features.- Siri is great for finding some things, some times, in some Apps. The rest of the time its just garbage. And when you find things WITH Siri, some apps just support the search part, not the actual starting of the content.-Airplay is still as bad as it was.
Actually I find it to be apples most disappointing product. Not so much that I don't own three, but it's mainly because of he 250+ movies in iTunes. It's not terrible, just quite buggy and sort of frustrating. Remote is terrible. 
I'll pick it up when it has 4K support. Until then, I'll stick with my Roku.
Honestly, I don't know why I would upgrade from my Apple TV 3.Now, I only use the ATV for iTunes related content. I use my Fire Stick for Netflix and other streaming services.
Anyone else's have the home screen turn black instead of white? Resetting fixes but it's weird
Only thing that sucks is I can't figure out how to hook up the Apple TV remote to control volume on the Bose Solo 10 sound bar I have connected to it.
It's ok, but could do with a lot more functionality.  Why it doesn't include a simple alarm clock that can play music like my phone does I'll never know.  Also, why there are literally no apps for this on the app store puzzles me, as I've seen a lot of people online asking for this feature. I use mine in my bedroom hooked up to a big LCD.  I'd love for my Apple TV to be able to automatically wake me up with a playlist, or start playing weather or news at a certain time in the morning, or something similar.  But there are no apps for this.  At all.Also, why can I use my bluetooth headphones to connect to every Apple device I own *except* my Apple TV?
this could not be more accurate. Im team wrist strap on the remote.
I love, love, love my Apple TV. It is great for Netflix and Plex, not many other good options for content in Brazil but the experience is great with just those as well.I do wish there were more games available, I own a bunch but it kinda feels like none of them really deliver what the Apple TV is capable of. It's at the least sufficient to provide entertainment when babysitting, especially DuckTales is a hit (though I liked the original game for the Amiga much more than the Apple TV remake). That said the Nimbus controller was a valuable addition to make it viable for gaming, not a big fan of the Siri Remote for that outside of motion control games like Beats Sport.I'm even aiming to make it my living room computer. A spare Bluetooth keyboard delivers input, all I need is apps do writing in.. I suspect though that I might have to write those myself as Apple currently seem less inclined to add productivity apps to the Apple TV App Store. I am though super excited about this type of use, the Apple TV feels very much like what the Amiga 500 did when I was young.
No one talks about it because it's completely unremarkable. It's a $150 box that brings absolutely nothing of value over its lower price competitors other than airplay.
I really like, it's such a solid product. However there a few features I'd like on it. 4K. This amazes me Apple haven't done this yet, they push 4K video out on the phone, have Retina screens on the Mac. But the TV is missing 4K? I know Apple don't host anything on iTunes, but Netflix do, and your own videos, YouTube etc. Siri support. I know it has Siri, but I think it would be awesome to turn your ATV on with Siri from your phone, it's always on anyways, and turns on the TV, integrated with HomeKit you could make some really good wake up scenes, etc. Dashboard. Like OS10 has, I'd like a screen of widgets. Thinks like weather, news, A day view of what you have on. 
Heck no. It's the device I hate the most. I hate it so much I can't be bothered with it anymore.
If I could just control It with my voice (only) it would be close to perfect 
Hey Siri, turn on my Apple TV
Just got one and I really like it. I'm quite mad about the lack of gigabit ethernet though. I expect to use mine for quite a while and with how fast internet is evolving (live in scandinavia) I find it really dumb to not include it.
My ATV4s are some of my favorite Apple devices.  Although I don't routinely download new apps or anything.  Turns out that having Plex, Netflix, ESPN, and Channels App is enough.  It's great, don't need any changes.My biggest hope for future software updates on it is for polishing the framerate.  I've noticed certain tvOS updates have hurt the framerate and some have made it better.  The trackpad scrolling is HIGHLY dependent on having a smooth 60fps framerate.  Frame drops end up with you pointing to the wrong thing and just make my brain hurt.
Better shower thought:You don't hear complaints if nobody uses it.
It's a decent product but lacking in a lot of ways.It does what it's supposed to be little elsewhere.  I fucking hate the control, whoever designed it should be fired. The amount of times I've held it upside is too many to count.
It's a fantastic device. My only gripe is some of the apps are sub-par whereas when Apple created all the apps they were better (for their time) - for example the tbs app is total garbage 
Or, maybe most folks use another streaming device? Apple TV is only [12% of the market](https://www.comscore.com/Insights/Blog/Roku-Leads-OTT-Streaming-Devices-in-Household-Market-Share). Personally, I own an ATV4, but I'm about to sell it because lack of 4K support. It has a great UI, but a lack of HD audio and 4K support means it is inferior to all other devices available, at a higher price point. I bought the Shield and found it to be the must own streaming device vs all others
I like it. Only reason I bought it originally was for A HomeKit hub.  I ended up using it over my chrome cast for everything else.
It's also so limited it's almost not worth having
Eh, it has its issues. The input method for text is absolutely terrible. It throws unpredictability into the mix. The voice stuff is OK but doesn't work for passwords at all (at least not _good_ passwords ;P). 720p is dated. It also seems to drop the network connection a lot (none of my other devices do).I haven't used mine in months - a PS4 is just more convenient.
bought it and returned it because of the terrible interface with the remote (impossible to scroll long lists), terrible experience with Siri (does not understand english with accent, wrong answers...), lack of optical audio output, and the useless search function (do no search shared libraries). Remote is also fragile (glass pad) and battery cannot be replaced anymore, and it's expensive to replace. Tired of complaining to a company that does not listen (filling bug reports that never get fixed), will not buy again.
Nobody used it actually
4k?!????
I (sort of) agree about the remote. I just can't figure out how to fast forward in Netflix with accidentally using my ass. 
Its a really expensive remote as well, if you have to replace it for some reason. The whole 4th Gen Apple TV is honestly pretty pricy IMO. And there was no reason to drop optical audio support. Home theatre people are pretty well screwed when you do that. 
The swipe is great for fast tracking, and edge tapping for fine adjustment. I have no problems
Have two young kids, dropped multiple times and it's been fine!
The remote is awesome. I can scroll through shows with a swipe rather than click click click with direction keys. 
The Apple TV iOS App is pretty great. All the features and bigger. 
Yes..but Plex!
[broke mine 2 days after getting it by dropping it off the arm of my couch ](https://imgur.com/a/5vNXF) $80 for a new one 
This!Also, I try to use the remote backwards 95% of the time, as do all my roommates. The natural way to hold it is the wrong way.Remote's also a bit too touchy. It often pauses the show because somebody set down a beverage near it.Apple removing the optical output from the device is pretty much a war crime. Can't possibly understand the rationale. Nor can I understand the lack of 4K support. At least let me pay extra for a 4K version!AppleTV software is buggy as hell. It has huge caching problems. If you buy currently ongoing TV series on iTunes, it won't show the new episodes for hours after they become available unless you force-quit the tv series app. Then the new episode magically appears. I also keep getting caught in navigation redirect loops, especially when using the global Siri search.All this said, I still like my AppleTV. But it has issues. Gen2 was still my fav so far. 
I think the remote was make or break for the platform. As it stands there are a lot of iOS games just waiting to be ported and no way to play them on Apple TV. If the remote would be controller like in a better way it would be a killer. It wouldn't even matter that the Apple TV is underpowered as a device.
I was using the remote to control my iMac from across the room. The trackpad actually works pretty decent for cursor control - though I wish it was a tad larger, but always thought it didn't work well on the Apple TV itself. And I agree, glass was a bad idea for it. I hate anything that's a fingerprint magnet, and one drop on tile or concrete and it's done. The aluminum design of the previous Apple remote was done right. 
The tradeoff with precision is scrolling through thing very quickly is pleasurable.
Still using one of these Apple TV remotes and it's one of my favourite products.https://cultrbox.files.wordpress.com/2013/12/remote.jpg?w=1200
Also, I'd kill for a 15second jump button, as one finds in podcast app
I like the remote but my 8-year-old dropped it. Packing tape makes it work again!
What? This is literally my favorite remote I've ever used. So intuitive. The only time I hated it was with the NBC sports app, but that was NBC's fault for not using the normal video player. 
Wow, thanks for doing your best to prove OP wrong.
Agreed on all points. And the youtube app has been broken for months now. Honestly, the old Apple TV is miles better to navigate with the tactile feedback of the remote. Luckily the old remote still works, although one misses the volume buttons. 
I will not buy an ATV4 with a $100 glass remote. I'm glad I got an extra ATV3 before they were discontinued. 
AirPlay is really crappy for me as well, and my internet is pretty solid. AirPlay from a 2013 MBP and iPhone 6 plus so the hardware is all very reasonable. 
AirPlay has become confusing for me on the iOS side of things. Mirroring (what I never want to do) is on the first page of control center, and media streaming (what I always want to do) is on the second page. 
I have zero issues with airplay. I use the latest AirPort Extreme router and my home is cat 6 gigabit wired everywhere so that helps. Work flawless for me. In fact the new Apple TV and the Plex app have been amazing. 
I finally gave up on it. If I want to listen to music, I go to YouTube now. It used to work in the same apartment, but now it will drop connection within a few seconds. 
And so has AirDrop, I've given up with AirPlay from my 2012 rMBP and now just use a cable.One time I was able to get it to work recently; it refused to AirPlay the movie I had got from the iTunes Store on my laptop. When I tried to download it on the Apple TV it wants me to buy or rent it again. Nice try Apple, but no.Stuff from the phone works and from my wife's 2014 MBA running Mavericks or a 2015 MB running Yosemite. Seems like El Cap (which is what the 2012 rMBP runs is borked).AirDrop is just as stupid, with almost all devices unable to see each other. The one time recently I was able to get the 2015 MB and 2014 MBA to see each other, it failed to transfer files. To get large files from the 2015 to the 2014 MBA, I had to AirDrop them to the 2012 rMBP and then use a USB thumb drive to transfer them to the 2014 MBA.
It's become more reliable on my ATV3.
Its as though certain apps intend to cripple the feature  to make you look elsewhere ;-)
Rock solid for me, maybe try a new wifi router ?
P2P routerless connection thought wifi and bluetooth works flawlessly for me every day
I have no issues with AirPlay on my home network.  Works as advertised. 
I'm puzzled by the remote hate. I LOVE it. I hated the ATV3 remote. Getting the hang of forwarding/rewinding takes a few seconds and then it's a non issue. At least for me. 
90% of my Apple TV is Plex too. I feel like I wasted the money a bit, because it's a really nice experience, but I already had a Chromecast. I basically paid $200 to not have to use my phone to control it (which is really nice).
I hate the dead zone in scrolling that the icon wiggle causes. Even when you turn on Reduce Motion the dead zone remains.
Code source for that app? Also what are you using to utilize the remote on Windows?
The battery life is crazy good. I can't remember the last time I charged it and still have something like 70% left.
Ok I'm gonna need to know more about this app you talk about, like how much can I buy it for.. 
How do you made an app that does that??
My remote started being unresponsive just yesterday.
Well, i always see the buhs and disadvantages of Apple TVs... mine tends to hang and fall into deep mode, it doesn't support bluetooth headphones, has no real power-on and off, jailbreaking them is like impossible, etc.They just suck lmao
On the topic of Plex does anyone here get a preview image when scrubbing the video jogger? I keeping getting a blank preview box. I can't figure out what's preventing it from working. It works in all my other apps, Netflix, hulu, etc.
Same here..the excuse is no content but there IS content. Plus, the iPhone has been able to shoot 4K video for 2 generations now so their own product should be able to display it in full resolution on a 4K tv.
I bet you'll be waiting a long time.
Content??
0 content.
Optical? It being small fries is a matter of your perspective and use case. 
Doesn't HDMI give you the option of having 7.1 surround?
I was under the impression HDMI takes care of the digital audio. 
Does your TV not have SPDIF audio passthrough?
Optical out is the only reason I'm keeping my old Apple TV. Granted my stereo receiver may be viewed as ancient by some but I'm an old school Hi Fi kind of guy and I don't need to buy a new one with hdmi out. 
Optical audio is on its way out being replaced by HDMI. Its not sufficient anymore for 5.1, whereas HDMI is. 
Just get a modern receiver? Optical audio? How long do they need to hang onto that? 
I'm happy with mine but all 5 of these points are actually reasons I won't be updating my HDTV even when time to do so... I'm only frustrated with remote today, but in future Apple TV will become our video-quality bottleneck.I think Apple TV, Mac Mini, and (discontinued) Mac Pro cheese-grater are 3 product lines which show Apple could just phone-it-in on innovation, offer yearly minor iterations of products to keep improving them, and they'd come out ahead.**Apple: Please hire some talent-less morons to simply update these product categories with new guts.**
I don't see how the nvidia shield is crappier in every other way. As far as I'm concerned it's one of the best set top boxes there is, because you can do just about whatever you want on it.Personally, the fact that it's the most capable at the primary goal of a set top box... Playing video... Is paramount. It supports the most codecs and formats. And it supports them properly, such as your example of variable refresh rate.You can have the best UI in the world, and run smooth as hell... But if you can't flawlessly playback your content, what's the point?
If you buy content from iTunes it's a good way to play it all. 
I like the OS.  It tries to be simple and not get in the way as much - once you get used to the buttons.Scrolling, menus, and multitasking (lets you get back to whatever you were watching very quickly) make TV the simplest, and most enjoyable OS for watching things.  Once you get the hang of it, it's adds a little to the immersiveness since there's less reading and thinking compared to using a PS4 or whatever.  Siri Remote for changing some settings like subtitles is nice.Siri's inline results let other people keep watching TV while you check sports, weather, or actor info.  Controlling HomeKit with the remote also is a plus.Apps are nice even if you are not going to download games.   Apps where you you use while multiple people watch a single screen like GrubHub, weather, calculators or even Speed Test seem to make sense on TV.The Screensavers are also elegant.
Maybe if you have a second TV? 
A reminder - because of the piss fight Amazon doesn't have a native Apple TV app. I don't think google play has one either but that's less of a loss. 
If your console is like my XB1, its very loud. Apple TV is silent. I have AirPods so watching tv late at night won't disturb my roommates. I just personally love it. The FireTV stick I had was super slow, although a fairer comparison would be the full version and not the stick...
Sounds like you just want an Xbox. It's a really capable media center, even more since they opened up the store to 3rd party apps.  You can even buy a good old IR remote for it
If you ever get internet cable you'll use it a lot more. I have direct tv now and between that and all the channel apps. It's my primary media driver for my living room. 
Part of that is VLC. It's horrible. The UI is so bad I broke down and put Kodi on it.  Yeah I sprang for the developer subscription (I am a developer so it's not like it's just for this) just to not have to inflict VLC on my wife. Ans after that we use Kodi (which we already had on a Pi) and Netflix/YouTube.  Nothing groundbreaking. 
Apps
The TV app is supposed to do this. But the bigger companies (e.g. Comcast) refuse to support it. 
Deep regrets
Mind linking that sub? I didn't know there was an ATV one. The last ten apple tv remote is so totally simple and amazing, its a shame that the new one isn't nearly as good at all and is much more complicated. Not very apple-y IMO 
It's not broken, it's just the way it's designed. There's no way to subscribe without manually searching for the channel either.
Delete and redownload YouTube?
It's still there. You have to swipe left on the control centre (to go to the right side of it), click on 'iPhone' and then select Apple TV. This allows you to play audio only. 
/r/DataHoarder. What does your setup look like?
How do you have the HD's attached? Any form of softraid or redundancy?
For me the big one was the app store.  I just wish there was more development for it.
If the Bose has an IR remote your Apple TV should be able to learn the IR commands, it's a feature in the settings.  That's what I did with my amplifier that's powering my mains and it works beautifully.  If it doesn't have an IR remote though you might be out of luck.
Not sure if sarcasm, but....Click the button. That will pause and enable scrolling.When you've scrolled to your desired time, click again. Press play.They changed it so that brushing up on the trackpad of the remote wouldn't cause unnecessary time changes.
Can't you just get the audio to go through the HDMI connection on your TV in which the receiver is plugged in? Or do you get better sound when plugged directly to the ATV?
Most TVs have SPDIF out at this point, especially ones that home theater people tend to buy
Optical audio became unnecessary with the proliferation of HDMI. When we were stuck with component video (or worse) optical audio was essential. Now it's just an extra connection to make for no reason. 
Yep, took me maybe 3 days to master. See complaints all the time so there has to be an argument for a more precise input. But honestly I love it. Not difficult at all to use. 
I advise you to stop dropping your kids :)
ATV4 is the greatest plex device of all fucking time.The only thing that annoys me is I sometimes fumble around while I'm watching a movie in the dark and I'm holding the remote backwards 
That won't work on the new apple TV right?
You can use your ATV3 remote (or any other IR remote) with the ATV4. 
I use my iPhone as a glass remote and it's just as good, if not better than the Apple Siri remote.
There is honestly no comparison.  
I didn't realise how bad airplay has become until I started using a friend's chrome cast. Not one to bash but chromecast has never once failed on me. 
My AirPlay has gotten a lot better ever since I changed routers. I used to use the built in ISP router and now since using a Netgear router (AC) airplay has been super stable. 
Your internet doesn't matter how good it is. You don't even need the internet for airplay. It depends on your router speed and location based on the devices using airplay. 
My AirPlay was fixed by switching from 2.4GHz to 5GHz wifi.
Airplay has nothing to do with internet.
Most media apps will show the airplay button themselves: spotify, music, anything using the builtin video player, ...
I feel like I know enough about technology and computers to understand how the Apple TV would work with ethernet, but when it comes to Airplay, I don't get it. Can you ELI5 how this works? Does it sen the info wirelessly from your iPhone/iPad/MB to the Airport and then to the ATV through ethernet?
Yeah, no issues in my household either. Airport Extreme, just over a dozen assorted Macs and iThings, almost none of them on wired networking.  Airplay mirroring or streaming (from the Safari or the youtube app mainly) has yet to fail.
Same. But I noticed the connection drops when some of my friends who have iPhone 5S and under try to airplay something on my ATV4. I have a 6S iPhone, iPad Air 2 and MBP 2015 and never have connection issues. IF it's an actual problem with older models of Apple products, that's kind of lame. 
Really annoying when apples updates make one of their services worse. 
airdrop having a toggle for different devices is also ridiculous. no other apple product is this shoddily made.
Wait you have that many problems with AirDrop? My wife and I both have MacBook Pros and transferring videos and photos with large file sizes has always been extremely fast and reliable
Both airplay and airdrop work all the time for me. Recently I just purchased a new 12 MB and transfer all my data from my old MBP to MB using AirDrop. Did you have your bluetooth turned-on in all of your device all the time? 
I like the idea of the remote and it's general functionality, but it's way too easy to bump or touch it in the wrong place, which can be catastrophic to what you're doing. It's so small/slippery that it ends up sliding under you or slipping between a couch cushion, then the next thing you know you've rewound and exited your movie, closed the app you were in, and probably doomed yourself to rewatching a bunch of commercials or scanning through the whole movie to find your place again. It's also way too symmetrical, so I always find myself fumbling with it in the dark and inevitably rewinding and exiting my movie, closing the app I was in... you get the idea. I'm locked in a constant struggle with the thing. I love the Apple TV as whole though. 
It's great for scrolling a long way left or right, but sucks for getting to the specific thing you're trying to land on. Scrolling vertically is a shit show. My kids want to watch zootopia in our home sharing library? Good luck scrolling through 300 titles without going left to unwatched or right to genres or whatever it is... and 80% of the time, it hasn't saved the point in the original list where you were, so when you go back to the movies list, you're on Aladdin again.   And Jesus if you could just make the remote beep from the iOS app, that would be amazing. 
My only complaint about the remote (which is really a consoling about the box) but I wish it had its own volume control.   My Apple TV is plugged into a monitor so I have to change the volume the old fashioned way
The old Apple TV remote was like an old Nokia: indestructible. My problem with the new remote is how much it drove up the cost of the Apple TV. It's $79 alone. That's nearly the cost of the old Apple TV. 
I hated the chromecast for that. Want to pause? Get your phone, unlock it, pray that the app finds the chromecast quickly, press pause.
You probably want to try tapping (don't click) the edge of the direction you want to go. It moves in that direction once instead of momentum based. Kind of like clicking a button. 
Dead zone ?
I've thought about releasing the app, but there's a lot of setup involved to get it to work, and there's a lot of moving parts:Apple TV apps don't have access to any HDMI-CEC functionality, so I'm using an iTach device to send infrared commands into my TV in order to switch its input. So someone using this app would have to have the same sort of device. *Then* I'd need to update the app to allow some way to configure it, which is a fair amount of work in of itself.Next, the Apple TV app I wrote sends all of the Siri remote's input (including finger position and movement) to another app running on Windows, which then translates that input into mouse movement or keystrokes within Windows. It also doesn't really have any way to configure it, so I'd have to set that up too. And it has bugs -- mouse and keyboard doesn't work with elevated processes and UAC and things like that.And on top of all that, it means you can't use the Control TVs and Receivers feature on the Apple TV to turn the TV on and off, since with that feature on, any press of the remote causes your TV's input to automatically switch to the Apple TV. So I had to slap together an alternative method for making the remote turn on the Apple TV, and let me tell you, it's a ridiculous hack that no one else will want to use.It's all a cool proof of concept, and I'd love to share it with the world... I just don't know how to release it in a form that will be useful to anyone. And of course it goes without saying that I can't sell it in the app store because it breaks a ton of Apple's rules.
I replied to someone else about it here: https://www.reddit.com/r/apple/comments/5tc9ty/showerthought_the_apple_tv_4_is_so_good_no_one/ddm5l72/But to answer your question, you can't buy it. There's no way for me to sell it on the app store because it breaks a ton of rules, and it'd be a lot of work to make it even remotely usable for anyone else. *AND* you need to have something like an iTach product or the Pulse-Eight USB-CEC adapter.
There's two major parts:One is to use an iTach device of some sort that can receive commands over the network and transmit infrared remote control codes to the TV to allow switching input, and then have the Apple TV app switch the input whenever it becomes active and switch it back whenever it becomes inactive. That on its own can be used to make an app just for switching input, like to a game console or bluray player or something.The second is to have a server app running on your Windows PC. The Apple TV app takes input from the Siri remote, transmits it to the server app in Windows, and then that app moves the mouse around or performs keystrokes.
Nope, it doesn't work for me either, and it's currently a known issue in Plex for tvOS. There was an explanation from the developers a little while ago, and I think it has to do with when Plex needs to transcode video or use DirectStream (i.e. keeping the video stream but changing the container format). I believe (but am not 100% sure) the thumbnail previews work if you play a properly compatible H.264 / ACC mp4 video file, because then the Apple TV can play it directly without any conversion.
I've been filming plenty of content on my iPhone for over a year. Netflix has 4k too. And YouTube. 
Yes. Optical audio only supports uncompressed LPCM over 2 channels (stereo) and only supports 5.1 compressed (ac3 or DTS). No support for 7.1, it's simply too high bandwidth for the standard.HDMI supports everhthing you'd need in a home theatre. 
Older receivers don't support HDMI. 
Most tvs will drop that into stereo. 
For audio-only I don't want to turn on the TV.
Right there with you man, using an old school hi-fi set up for both hi-fi and two channel home theatre and I don't think I could find a pre amp that I would want with HDMI. Plus I already have an expensive Pre Amp anyway. Ancient def doesn't equal poor quality, especially in Hi-Fi. 
Man I have an XB1 and it's silent apart from when booting up certain games. Does yours have enough clearance around it for cooking?
Ah, watching TV with AirPods must be really cool! I was actually debating whether or not I want to keep the beats x or go with the air pods! 
/r/appletv/
The old appletv had these functionalities, and if you search for this problem, you can see that the functionality was there in the beginning. So they either removed it or broke it. Either way, it sucks. And 'they' of course refers to google. 
Do you mean that you can do these things in your app? I've never been able to. 
It's all in a cabinet in our home theater that looks like this:   http://i.imgur.com/0ha2kok.jpeg
That's helpful, thank you. I just don't know how I get it to fast forward on accident (not scrolling but actual fast forwarding )
Yeah it used to scroll without clicking first. I thought last bunch of services had disabled seeking before I read it here about a week or so after the update. 
You can do that on most AVR's, but these days I'm using a pre-amp and power amp and the pre amp doesn't have HDMI ports. 
A lot of TVs won't output multichannel audio over the TOSLINK connection. The audio will be stripped and re-processed to Stereo due to HDCP.
Most tvs wont route more than 2.1 channel sound from hdmi to their SPDIF port. There are a couple of exceptions but they are few and far between.
Yep, mine included. TIL. Still wish they hadn't removed optical support though, especially on the new mega expensive MBP
Came here to say this too. I love how Reddit is so on the Apple hate circle jerk that any complaint isn always the top comment, with plus 300 in this case, while any positive has literally no pluses. Yeah, thats not obviously bs
The biggest annoyance I have with it is that to navigate a single space in any direction I have to perform two movements of my finger: lift up, and then tap. On the old remotes I could keep my finger resting on the navigation pad and use a single movement of my finger: click. No need to lift my finger off of the remote at all.
Ha!
Shouldn't think so
No TV control tho
I was under the impression that you are basically handing off streams via apps with chrome cast. Which you can also do with airplay. But the actual second screen or mirroring of the phone or computer is an all together different process under the same name. Screen mirroring hasn't always been the best in practice with airplay, but YouTube Netflix Hulu, etc is nothing more than a handoff.  I have had zero issue with that part of the software. 
It's the other way around for me. I've had chromecasts for a while and had tons of issues. I've never had a single problem with my ATV/airplay.
That really sucks. The chrome cast is so much cheaper and simpler of a device. Its annoying that they'd beat Apple in that particular use case. I used to have a chrome cast but it was pretty buggy at the time. It was early on though. I still have it somewhere I suppose I should dig it out. 
This. This has been my experience as well. Getting a good router makes a world of difference on AirPlay performance.
Thats a great tip thanks. I use my ISPs router and figured it wasn't a problem because my internet is normally really good. I have a nether sitting around though from when ISPs didn't hand out routers. Its a couple years old but I think I'll try it out 
Yes. WiFi from iPhone to router and then ethernet to Apple TV.
> Does it sen the info wirelessly from your iPhone/iPad/MB to the Airport and then to the ATV through ethernet?yes. AirPlay uses a service called Bonjour to communicate with other things. Well Bonjour can be broadcasted over both wireless and wired. So when you are on wireless with your phone or laptop you can still see devices like the Apple TV and broadcast to them.  
Currently I use a 2012 rMBP running El Cap for work. My wife uses a 2014 MBA (Mavericks) and we also have a 2015 MB (running Yosemite or Sierra for testing and as a second machine). I also have a iPhone 6, which auto updated itself to iOS 10 one night, oh and an Apple TV. At home they're all hooked up to the same wireless network via an Airport Extreme, which has a external HDD attached that we use for file transfer. So at home we just ignore AirDrop.It was that one time we're at my in-laws and needed to get a large file from the 2015 MB to my wife's machine that it was having none of it, they were all on the same wireless network and I had turned on Bluetooth.Glad to hear that you have a different experience and more reliable one.
Not on all the time, but I did turn it on when we needed to do the file exchange.
Get the loop for it... makes it easy to tell which way is up and makes it easy to find if it falls through the couch cushions
Yeah, when you describe it like that, maybe my purchase wasn't so bad lol
What app would that be? I stream movies on my basic Samsung tv from my MacBook using Chromecast and if I want to pause I can just hit pause on the TV remote, the TV acts like it plays some movie off of some USB drive.
Even though you swipe right it doesn't move right immediately.  
Cheers. 
Ahh too bad. Sounds great though
That would make sense since most of my files are .mkv
Amazon as well. There's plenty of 4K content to keep me happy. 
What about Apple's own iTunes? There might be 4K content everywhere but until Apple starts publishing 4K content there won't be a 4K Apple TV.
But does the conversion of the audio happen through the Apple TV when you use HDMI? I think the main issue with dropping optical is that you lose the ability to output a digital signal to a DAC of your choice, which is huge for a home theatre enthusiast. 
I think they need to support AC3 output, which is another royalty to pay. Probably also painful to translate AC3/Mono/Stereo/5.1/7.1/etc to AC3 in a TV, especially now that new receivers support HDMI.
you could always pass through a receiver... if you have an external speaker setup there's generally a receiver that handles the audio as TVs have generally shitty amps for anything larger than the built in speakers. If you have a receiver there's no reason to turn the tv on unless you want a picture.
If both headphones work the same, why wouldn't the beatsx connect with the ATV?
AirPods are totally amazing. But it'll prob take a bit to get them. If you order from best buy or a mobile carrier it should be faster. 
Lol. I suppose I could've guessed that one. Thanks!
Yeah you can delete individual apps and redownload them from the App Store. Press and hold the touchpad button on the YouTube app until it starts to wiggle, then press the play/pause button. A dialog box should come up with the option to delete. Once you do that, head to the App Store and download it again. That should take care of your problem. 
That's quite the setup! Have you shared it with /r/homelab or /r/HomeServer?
If the movie is playing and you tap the right edge of the trackpad, it will jump forward 10 seconds at a time.
Clicking the left/right side of the trackpad goes back/forward 10 seconds (you can see a circlular arrow with a 10 in it on the screen). This works in every video app on Apple TV.Hold left/right side to seek back/forward.
Connect one of the amps to the TV via Optical Audio or is the port missing too? I'm not sure how those amps you mentioned operate, but I got a regular AVR and that's how I have it set up. AVR to TV via OA and devices connected to the TV's HDMI ports.
How can I checked if mine does? I have a UN32EH5000
You mean like through the headphone jack on the MBP? I had a 2011 that supported that for 5 years, only found out about it when the articles about it being dropped for the '16 started coming out
Screen mirroring is the really buggy thing. But for some streaming services you have to use mirroring or the new Apple TV
I also had a buggy chrome cast 
I've got a 1600MB/s router, some $500 Asus job, 6 different aerials...  Still crap for AirPlay
So one thing I've found about airdrop is it is often better to disconnect from the wifi network to get it to work. Especially with older devices. 
I have transferred Mac to Mac too many times to count and can't remember the last time I had problems. Same with iPhone to IPhone. I have done iPhone to Mac as well. The one this is I always set it to everyone instead of contacts. Use that works a hell of a lot reliably. 
Good call. I'll look into that, thanks. 
Thankfully this is not an issue for me. The LG tv i have has simplink, which i suspect is just a fancy way of saying HDMI- CEC support. The TV remote works perfectly fine for pausing/rewind etc. It also works on the ATV 4. 
Any app. My tv does not handle hdmi cec correctly 
The trackpad isn't based on swipe gestures (though some individual apps do use it that way). It's based on how much you move your finger, as though you were dragging something around. So you have to drag your finger a certain distance before the selection moves, and it's indicated by objects on screen slightly moving in the direction of travel before they do. To move the selection two items over, you drag your finger twice as far. (Granted there's an acceleration curve, but it still feels just about right to me.) That's what allows the precision. Once you get the hang of how far to move your finger, navigating is easy and natural.
I would imagine Apple will launch the two at the same time. 
HDMI outputs digital audio which is processed by the DAC on the receiver or whatever your feed a signal.  It can send audio at a higher sample rate and bit depth than optical, and supports more channels.
Both should connect with ATV
I'm pretty sure it would?
Thank you for your detailed response! Are you able to like videos in the YouTube app on the newest Apple TV?
Yep, I knew that but I somehow manage to get it to actually fast forward while not holding anything when I accidentally sit on it 
Actually I do think my TV has optical out. I am going to try that tomorrow. I feel kinda dumb, but also, thanks man. 
Most tvs will not send more than 2.1 channels from hdmi inputs to their built in optical audio outputs. It works great if you just have a soundbar, but if you want the full surround experience you need hdmi on the receiver or a hdmi audio breakout box that will send the full audio stream over to toslink before passing the hdmi video to the tv.
A quick google search suggests not https://www.cnet.com/news/20-tvs-tested-which-sets-can-pass-surround-sound-to-a-sound-bar/ (your exact model is not listed but most samsungs of that vintage are a no.)
Yeah. I have a 2013 MBP and I use it with an optical DAC all the time. Really annoying to have dropped that pro feature when they didn't drop that port obviously, and they jacked up the price tremendously. 
Many of those streaming services don't support Chromecast anyway, Amazon... cough cough!
I don't have too many issues with it. I think most people have a terrible wifi connection and don't realize it. 
Noticed that too.
Oh, so HDMI-cec makes that possible 
Nice. That makes sense then. I suppose it'd be tricky if you had a dedicated DAC box. You'd have to send a digital out from your tv or receiver to the DAC?
Yep. The QC35 works fine with it. 
I thought so. I was assuming /u/NotCurious was thinking only the AirPods would work.
Checking just now, I found if you hold down (as opposed to tap) the right edge it fast-forwards. Your butt has the ability to interact with trackpads.
Tbh I was feeling like the dumb one. I thought you had more experience cause of the different amps you mentioned haha
Thanks for that info. The breakout box sounds pretty cool, will pick one up soon.
Yea. Amazon prime is one of the reasons, i kept my ATV 4. At least airplay mirroring works with that. Another good reason, for the ATV 4. I can use my QC35 directly with it. 
True but they're not on ATV either!
Sounds like a lame super power. Thanks!
I def have a lot of audio experience these days, been doing it for a while now and totally love it, but that doesn't prevent me from being a dummy every now and then. Nice to get some knowledge from /r/apple though 
I can airplay Amazon Prime on to my Apple TV, can't do that with Chromecast.  You don't have to use mirroring is the App supports AirPlay. 
Don't feel too bad. Finder tabs were just recently released with ~~El Capitan~~  Mavericks. 
macOS introduced tabs support into many apps. For example: the iWork apps can have tabs just like you discovered in finder. 
System-wide tab support is pretty great. macOS prefers new windows for when not in full-screen mode, however, you can change that in System Preferences under Dock.
This is amazing.. thank you
If you want to move files around, also use split screen.
Thank you! From a fellow idiot :D
Using Anki I love the third party tab support. 
This, ~~a keyboard shortcut for creating a new folder (CMD + Shift + N)~~, and previews by hitting Spacebar are ~~three~~ two of the biggest things I like that Windows Explorer doesn't have. Such simple and useful features.
Only reason I know is cause I pay attention to all the new features when an OS release comes out. Apple bragged about this feature but I never use it- still prefer two finder windows next to each other to move shit around
Yep.. pretty neat if i do say so myself because y'know macOS is so into tabs because Apple hates Windows!Get it? No?! Ok, I think I have no friends
Ah I wondered why I didn't noticed it before! I didn't upgrade Snow Leopard for a long time untill I put a SSD and extra RAM in my machine. That might be the explanation!
and maps
How do I get tabs in Pages?
Basically any Cocoa app, really 
Is there a command line shortcut for split screen? (In Windows, I use windows+arrow to do this).
That's a very good tip, thank you! Just tried it out by holding the green button, works great. Even more easy than switching between tabs!
Actually, Windows has keyboard shortcuts.  Replace CMD with CTRL.   Add in a little C, V, and Alt-Tab, and I got a 12 hour spreadsheet for you to work on!
The view menu has an option to show the tab bar. Shift-Cmd-T
I think in most apps it should be cmd-shift-T
The view menu has an option to show the tab bar. Shift-Cmd-T
Maybe this helps for a start: https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT204948No luck on a shortcut, I'm afraid.This might be worth a shot: https://github.com/fikovnik/ShiftIt
You know four finger swipe up for spaces?Drag an App on top of another app to put them into split screen.
Well that's embarrassing. I could have sworn CTRL+Shift+N did nothing, but you're right. Good to know.
Thank you!
I'm not really sure, I used to do some stuff with four fingers to switch between apps. But since I have El Capitan it's not working anymore how I used to do it. Didn't bother yet to check out how to do that in Capitan. How do you exactly use it? I use a vintage 13 2009 MBp btw;)Will check it out tomorrow and reply to you. It's almost 2am here in The Netherlands, so I have to get myself some sleep;) Thanks again and have a nice evening:)!
Np.  Safe travels, bro.
The Apple Watch uses inductive charging, not wireless. Everything else mentioned is already part of the rumor mill.
Although I don't think we can confirm anything, these sound about right, and in line with rumors from several sources. But things can always change, given apple's history, how they dropped things at the last minute for various reasons. But as for the inductive charging and no adapters included, I'd say these are highly possible, especially the former. The only suspicion I have is about the no headphones part. This could serve to enrage more people lol
Foxconn is an assembly plant, why would they be privy to the marketing details of the new iPhone?
Wow no headphones
Right now they sound like the rumours we've been hearing sort of. Just remember that anything can change at any time and although they may be right with the rumours that doesn't mean that this is what will happen with the final product
/r/thathappenedLiterally a regurgitation of existing rumors. 
By $1,0000 I think you mean $1,000 (assuming the $NT price is accurate).
Two things:1. Those are all existing if rumors already.2. Even if they end up being correct, I'd still call bullshit on the person you heard this from because of the simple fact that we're still so far away from release and these are not the kind of things that are known long in advance. For example, a random person at Foxconn would have absolutely no idea what the new iPhone's name will be. That kind of thing doesn't get leaked until close to release. Something like iPhone frame or new case materials can get leaked long in advance; the name of the iPhone and the contents of the final packaging do not.
There's no way anyone at foxconn could know half those things, especially this early in the process.
Why would they not include headphones??
I'm like 90% sure they will include wired ones, no reason they wouldn't. Would anger consumers too much
There's no information in that list that is marketing information. QC teams would be privy to 1 through 4, and executive level staff would be aware of 5 (they'd know the BOM or the COG of the phone, and would be able to assess the sell price knowing the BOM / COG of past phones). 
Ha, yeah... That would be outrageous $USD 10,000 for an iPhone!
>  these are not the kind of things that are known long in advanceIf Apple are starting their stock build up in April, they'll have already done trial productions at Foxconn in Shenzhen by now. This would see them manufacture around 1,000 units to the final spec and 'burn them in' to assess any problems with the determined manufacturing process. From there, they'd adjust to reduce fail rates and find efficiencies. IF Apple are producing stock from April, most everything about the new phone is locked in and work will be well underway on the 10s if not the 11 too.
that's respectable.
Diablo III is a relatively old video game, to be honest.
I assume this is at max settings right? My MBP with a RP 460 runs it at about 60fps on a 1440 monitor on Windows
Honest question here, I just bought a MBP and I'm while I'm definitely not buying it primarily for gaming I'd like to play some light games (RabiRibi, CIV5, SC2, League of Legends, etc.) and I must ask the following: is there any way to completely disable mouse acceleration in the latest macOS version?Playing shooters with mouse acceleration is just impossible for me so I want to know what can I expect.
I think there's a sizable portion of folks who only play blizzard games on their macs, so it's nice to see. On the other hand, a $3k computer struggling to play a 6 year old game at max res is...I mean it is what it is :)
 No, and  if you didn't at least get the 455 those games are gonna suck to play anyways. 
I'm not sure if that's a jeer at the new pros, but my MBP with the 460 card runs Alien Isolation and Doom on max settings at about 40 fps
Civ 5 runs well on a decent integrated processor. I imagine some of the others might as well. There's also little difference between the 450 and the 455, though I guess storage could be an issue on the 450 model.
What resolution? 1440p would be reasonably impressive, 1680x1050 not so much
Alien Isolation runs very smooth at ultra on a 27 1440p monitor, and it runs just as well on the laptop's 15 1880p screen. DOOM is a bit more complicated, however. It runs between 40 and 50fps at ultra when I have it plugged into a 1080p TV, but I have to drop it down to a mixture of high/medium when I play it on my monitor.As a side note, Starcraft 2 runs at 60fps at ultra on a 1440p monitor. It's an older game, but from what I understand it can be a hard game to run (because it's so CPU intensive).Overall I'm still impressed, they're relatively intensive games.
I personally recommend Notability. I use it for note taking and recording lectures. Notability has a feature that when you play back the recording (when reviewing) and you tap on a specific note, the recording jumps to when that note was taken. 
I've got an iPad Pro 12.9, and I bought both apps to test them both out, and I find myself using both regularly for different purposes.Notability is where my notes stay (Which is the answer to your question) It feels finished, the Apple Pencil works perfectly with it, and it syncs to the Mac app. Why do I use goodnotes? My lectures often contain a lot of diagrams, and the professors are lazy and use textbook questions. I use a PDF textbook in Goodnotes and take my diagrams from there. The lasoo tool in Goodnotes will select everything that it circles, including things you didn't write. Notability does not have this feature and the lasoo only selects what you've drawn. 
I'm going to say I love Notability. It's way better for actually recording and playing back notes, and the organization system, while basic, is functional.
Notability works very nice with the Pencil. In fact, writing in Notability is de facto lag-free. Then, it syncs with iCloud and has a companion app for macOS, if that's important. I use it more for sketching, or visual note taking than pure writing and find it great for that.
Personally it's Goodnotes for me. I much prefer the UI.
I'd vouch for Notability. The only other one I tried was Notes Plus. But what features exactly are you looking for?
Notability is nicer but I ended up with wity MS OneNote 
I use GoodNotes myself. I find it's easy to organize by category, class, etc. It's easy to import and write over PDFs, so I end up signing everything on my iPad. Also, I can take pictures and add it directly to the notebook. That being said, I haven't used another app yet. GoodNotes has worked perfectly so far. 
GoodNotes has OCR and is searchable. Notability does not. Notability does have a better overall UI though in my opinion. 
I have both on my 12.9 iPad pro. Goodnotes is a great app, especially prior to the Apple pencil coming out because it handled writing with other styli better. But I strongly prefer notability when using the apple pencil. It has great note organization and handwriting support. Notability also vertically scrolls while goodnotes horizontally scrolls pages. Vertical scrolling without any gaps between pages makes it a lot easier to keep taking notes quickly when you get to the end of the page. If you think about it pages are really an arbitrary concept when it comes to electronic note taking and with Notability you only have to worry about them if you want to.TL;DR: both are good apps but for the iPad pro + pencil I strongly recommend Notability over Goodnotes.
Notability because they also have a Mac app. I've tried about every different note taking app out there and I ended up with Notability...
I've never used Good Notes, but I use Notability daily and I love it. I'm sure both work great, but if you have specific questions about notability, I could answer those. Whichever you get, use an Apple Pencil! It's the best way to take notes.  
honestly, i think that notes plus is my favorite app for note taking, despite the fact that it is much less pretty than either of the ones you suggested. between goodnotes and notability though, i would recommend goodnotes
Im considering buying an iPad pro to read and markup PDFs. Some of these are 900+ pages. Which program makes this easier ?
OneNote.
If you have any need for graph paper/engineering/log paper or even just lined paper, notability is the superior option. Notability has only graph paper, and the blue lines are way too dark and I find them distracting. GoodNotes has so many different types of paper, all the ones I mentioned, I also just found out there is music paper too. 
I use One Note and the Stylus app to do handwriting recognition with Pencil
And it shows it to you as if you are writing it at that moment.
GoodNotes has a mac app too.
Notability
Pdf Expert
Oh god that app is fucking garbage. Get that shit outta here.
Thank you.  Not sure if you can answer this, but will a 9.7 ipad Pro be large enough or should I go for the 12.9 model ? 
I started with the 12.9 model specifically for PDFs and such. It was great because the screen had the same dimensions as a piece of paper. However, I am also a private pilot and the 12.9 was too big to fit on my lap and not bump into the controls in the Cessnas I rent. So, I ended up returning it and got the 9.7 instead. It really comes down to whether you can deal with the size. *Technically* the Pencil sample rate is better on the 12.9 model, but I've gotten used to it being a little (tiny bit) slower on the 9.7 model. The 9.7 model also has the True Tone display, which the 12.9 model does not. For PDFs, 9.7 still isn't bad. 
You've been super helpful. Thanks !
Thanks for the gold!!
Serenity Caldwell's version ...https://youtu.be/RkyTdoKIkwo?t=149... is currently the best fake start-to-finish, beginning at 2:29, with just two cuts, betrayed only by a barely detectable tone of triumph at the end, as if success had proved elusive.Correction: *Three* cuts, not two.Correction: Serenity's is no longer champion of the fakes. /u/hypp132 discovered Sold By Tech, who does the wrap in a single take, then a jump cut at the last moment:https://youtu.be/T1j9RiBgcoE
[Here](https://youtu.be/T1j9RiBgcoE?t=2m33s) you go.
There are no cut-free start-to-finish wrapping videos yet.
Wow serenity caldwell, that's a real throwback!
Thank you very much
OP did you figure it out? I can make a uncut video for you if you need it! 
It makes me so mad that this was in all of the iOS 9 betas and they took it out right before launch. 
would love a text version of Siri, swipe down for Spotlight, what song is playing? and she'd answer, there are other things I'd use that for but that's a big one, at least until we're living in a Her like world where it's perfectly ok to speak to our devices
Getting recognition without asking for it? Story of my life.
Voice isolation is pretty good, depending on the background volume of course. There's  no other way.I put the Shazam widget on the top of my Today page in my notification panel so it's easy to access if needed, it's just as fast and convenient.
If Siri picks up something you said or think what you said you can edit it, it's another alternative 
What's the difference between Siri and Shazam for song recognition? Doesn't Siri basically use Shazam's backend?
Are you sure? How else would you activate it if not within the Shazam app or via Siri by voice?
It was iOS 8 betas rather than 9. I still hold a grudge that that feature was removed.
All you had to do was hold the home button down. After a couple of seconds it would start identifying music if it heard any. 
I think your right. I couldn't remember. 
So that's where it went!!!! I had the iOS 9 beta, I used to use this feature! I still do it each time and wonder why its not working, then give up and ask Siri what song is playing... ahh thank you, you just ended a never ending nightmare. Too bad they removed it, it was a very useful feature. 
Oh wow, that's really cool. Thanks for the info. I wish I knew about it then and that it still existed now.
It was really the only thing I've ever used Siri for. 
They make no claim as to that on [the product page](https://www.beatsbydre.com/earphones/beats-x), so I can't imagine they'd cover a replacement under warranty if you did damage them with sweat.The PowerBeats3 are marketed as sweat and water-resistant, so those would be the better option if you want Beats earphones for working out. There are, of course, other options available as well (Jaybird X3 or Freedom, JLab Epic2 being the most popular options).
Some websites are reporting they are and others are saying they're not. I hate the Powerbeats clunky design and was also hoping the beats x could be a crossover day to day / workout set. 
It would be so nice with a pair of ip-classed headphones. To be able to take a swim with my series 2 and a pair of headphones. Awesome.
Nope they are not, if you get them wet your warranty is SOL. 
Yea, but the powerbeats are one dimensional. They're bass heavy and sound quality isn't that good. I like good sound quality especially when watching Netflix or You tubing.My issue with the jay birds is the fit... They don't fit my ears well.. Plus, the w-1 pairing is beyond convenient, not to mention that the beats X have fast charging as a features.
Yea man... I thought it'd be standard in 2017 to sell all premium earbuds/headphones with water resistance or sweat proof as a main feature...
The fast charging from empty on the BeatsX is definitely impressive, yes (5 minutes for 2 hours of playback vs. 15 minutes for 1 hour on the Jaybird X3s).I don't really find W1 pairing to be much of an improvement over standard Bluetooth, honestly, though the extended range can be nice.
which jaybirds, are you using under the ear or over the ear with the wire management ? 
CNet claims that they are water *resistant*, but I've yet to see that officially stated anywhere else. 
Sounds like beats x are just a annoyance and the wire actually tangles what's the point of wireless if it has a wire
Depends, what pps do you usually use that do not have touch bar support? I've customized a lot of shortcuts for visual studio code, terminal and some basic buttons for chat apps that I use.  It really depends on your usage. Not at the PC now so can't share
Go through your workflows and ask yourself what you'd like to solve by just pressing a button.For me, that included things like launching certain links in safari in the background, running automatic scripts, creating charts, running quick searches, etc.
I have to say I'd be pretty happy if Apple released something like this from a design perspective
It makes sense with the release of the Touch Bar. Although, I wonder how they'll choose what gets to go on it. Like when watching a viddo, would you put the player controls or scrubber?
