Housing all the homeless veterans the wall supporters pretend to give a shit about. 
Actually? Cooperate with Mexico to build select guard towers between to strengthen border security (manned by both countries), which would in turn dramatically weaken smuggling and illegal operations that are currently crippling Mexico. You would strengthen border security for the US, and you would weaken the finances of the violent cartels in Mexico, all while bringing two countries closer together. Win win win. That or give Flint Michigan some goddamn drinking water already. 
Putting it all on red.Then you'll have 42 billion dollars.
[deleted]
Provide America with high-speed, efficient and affordable rail service.Rebuild the country's crumbling/outdated infrastructure, including: Highways, bridges, airports, water-delivery systems and power grids.
Conduct 1% of a war in Iraq.
Better education funding so more people realize how ridiculous this idea is and never vote for the likes of Trump ever again.
give everybody 60 bucks
Commissioning a NASA mission to make a couple more James Webb Space Telescope style crafts and Kepler telescopes for exoplanet hunting. That won't even cost half of the cost of the wall. 
18,151,260,504 Crunchy Tacos, from Taco Bell
update our national water and plumbing infrastructure, so flint michigan never happens again and we're not spending twice as much doing emergency repairs. 
Just about fucking anything.
Build 4 smaller walls.Around Trump
Did anyone say build a giant robot yet? Because that, build a giant robot. 
Spend it on fixing the VA system, and actually take care of the people that have been ~~forced~~ sent to fight in a bullshit war that is never going to end.*Edit because people want to nitpick the poor choice of a single word, instead of just providing meaningful banter on the statements basis, which remains unchanged.
Build several 'escape room' style places along the border. Turn a profit and ensure the best and brightest and most resourceful get into the country.
Found this while browsing /r/space> It would cost a lot less if you employed Americans an average salary per year to guard every half mile of the border.Like a lot less. I remember someone doing the calculation. Trump said that they'd only need 1000 miles of wall (the rest is rivers n shit). You'd need about 3 different 8 hour shifts a day, so 6000 people. Hell, make it two people per half mile and that's 12,000 US citizens.> 12,000 US citizens paid about $40,000 a year, after training etc would be about $500 million. Median household income for most Americans is around $50k - entire households.You could employ people for FOURTY years instead of building the wall. And that money will go DIRECTLY back into the economy, and it has THE SAME EXACT EFFECT as a fucking wall.Also there is a chance that in 40 years, Mexico isn't in a dire economic state - so you wouldn't be wasting $20B anyway, possibly.> Things the wall doesn't take into account:maintenance coststhe fact that mostly illegal immigrants will be doing the temporary labour to build it over 4-8 years, thus Americans not getting much employment out of thisthe fact that Americans have to pay for a fucking stupid monument with zero returnsIt would be exponentially cheaper to just hire two American police officers (or something) per 800 meters of the wall.> EDIT: I realize there are other caveats to this - like hiring supervisors, etc. BUT, even if costs inflated to $25B for 5 years - it would still be 100x more effective than a fucking wall (hell, if Mexico is such an issue take it directly out of the $1T defense budget). This, in addition with fining companies that hire illegals - which no one seems to care about.The fucking wall is literally ONLY good for putting $ directly into the pockets of rich, Republican contractors. It can be climbed over. It can be dug under. It can be gone around (there are rivers). This isn't the best solution, but the wall is comical, unless you want to add THIS in addition to the wall (which would be a waste of money because this is as effective as a wall).Credit to /u/pb2crazy[Link to post](https://www.reddit.com/r/space/comments/5th615/official_trump_border_wall_216b_more_than_nasa/ddmmrm9/)
Health careGoing to marsBuilding clean energy facilitiesDeveloping molten-salt thorium reactorsA massive program to spay and neuter every dog and cat in the country, a law change to make it illegal to have an un-neutered animal, and black-clad death squads to enforce the new law.
Invest entirely in renewable energy sources - solar, wind, hydro & so on.  Shut down all the fossil fuels and make the country leap-frog the world in carbon-free/carbon-negative tech; lead by example.  Then, your bonus is a low-carbon industry that is booming and you could sell to the rest of the world, generating more cash!
Commissioning and training 200 million bears to patrol the border. Someone makes it through, they are automatically granted citizenship.
Education on why a wall wont fix anything.
Space program. Every time. We have got to develop the means to live off of this planet or we will go extinct here. We need to be working on a building a big rotating habitat in orbit. Connect a bunch of containers with cable like a necklace or something and set it spinning. Add to it over time. Mine asteroids and shit like that. Build rotating habitats out near Jupiter or something.We were at our best as a nation when we were pursuing the Moon.
21 billion Ivanka tops from Marshal's
Free dental care for anyone living under the poverty line.Housing for the homeless.Facts-based sex ed.Withdrawing troops from other countries.
Give almost a billion people mosquito nets. (You could probably just wipe malaria off the face of the earth entirely for that amount of money. Use CRISPR or something)
Literally anything else 
Money fire
Provide universal healthcare for 80 million people. Oh wait! That's more than the number of people who aren't covered! 
Putting people on Mars.
A solar panel wall.
Fix water supplies of cities like Flint, get the education system up to par with countries like Finland, solve the hunger problem and homeless problem, fund therapy for vets with PTSD, fund therapy for those of us with PTSD who _aren't_ vets (seriously it's expensive as hell), properly pay the nation's workers, begin having better national healthcare, help fund college, buy a lot of cheetos, pretty much anything is better than that wall imo
Handing me a 'small loan' of 21 billion dollars.
According to The Times of India, a man bought a smuggled King Cobra for about 10,000 Rupees, which translates to 149.60$ USD.For that price we could fill our southern border with 140,000,000(*one hundred and fourty million*) King Cobras.This solution would easily keep illegal immigrants from crossing the border while simultaneously making our southern border about 700x more *metal.*
Pretty much anything else. Making a jello wall would be better. 
Begin the process to lessen, if not completely, remove our reliance on coal and fossil fuels. Rework the power grid to work in accordance with renewable energy sources. It would cost a lot more than the wall, take a hell of a lot longer, but in the long run it would be well worth it. Plus, all the added jobs! 
double nasa's budget 
Come up with ways to keep politics out of non-political subs.
Make your favourite Chaturbator very happy.
Not spending it.  It's not money we have; it would be spending money that we don't.
Education or investing how to stop climate change.
Writing fuck off Germany on the moon 
Building 2 smaller walls.
Invest it in space exploration 
Giving $1.7 billion to Iran and $221 million to Palestine.  Giving Mexico $75 million for them to build a wall on their southern border.  Giving money to the NSA to increase surveillance on Americans.  Spending money to drone Doctors Without Borders hospitals.  Vacations to Hawaii.  So many better ways to spend all that taxpayer cash.Oh wait...
>-Rule 5->5) AskReddit is not your soapbox, personal army, or advertising platform. Posts attempting to promote a specific agenda of yours or anyone else, to gain publicity, promote a cause or charity drive, or to publicly shame a person or entity will be removed. Rhetorical and loaded questions will also be removed. Posts asking users to shame or call out specific people or groups of people will be removed because they lead to witchhunting rather than discussion.This isn't a place to recruit members for a cause, highlight an individual or entity for positive or negative publicity, or toot your own horn.
Get rid of some of our national debt
College tuition for millions of students
Creating an accord between The Americas that's not NAFTA, and doesn't give a reason for floods of migrant workers from the developing world.  Why are the economics fucked up and placed before the human rights of people's own self-determination?  We fix the problem with our own economy, we can help the rest of the world.  We could just feed and house people for that. 
Give every person sixty six dollars, because that's the net cost to every man, woman and child in the United States to build that wall. It would benefit the economy wayyy better.
Building 21 billion little $1 walls
Tuition Free College.
Health care
Put that money into our public education system. Pay off students' loans. Increase the food stamp program because the current poverty line is ridiculously low. House the homeless (which would save us money. See:Utah's Housing First program) Repair our Infrastructure. 
FUCKIN' NASA
I've compiled a list of 10 things that popped into my mind.1. Education2. Education3. Education4. Education5. Education6. Education7. Education8. Education9. Education10. EducationYou know, so this never happens again.
give every household in flint michigan 494,168 dollars on condition they move away and never come back.Use the remaining billion dollars to convert the city into something more useful: like a place to film end of the world movies or an army urban combat training ground.
Taking care of those veterans and homeless people that republicans only seem to care about when it is an excuse not to help someone brown.
Help people with college, fix the availability of clean water to many towns in the US, fund food pantries, create a program the makes sure children in poor families are clothed.
Rebuild USA's infrastructure to make it functional again. Recall 60% of US Military and put them to work in the US rebuilding everything.
Put it in a pile and burn it
Pay 20,000 people 1,000$ a month to shoot anyone crossing the border and then put the rest in savings.
Invest it in a system where employers can easily verify the residency status of an employee. Then we can fine the employers that still hire illegals. Fines of 10k and higher. 
Some combination of these things: Those air moisture collector towers people developed and want to use to get clean water to places with no infrastructure. Everywhere. Prioritize places where the women still walk to the river or whatever to fill jugs with water, but also everywhere else. Solar power grids. Solar on every rooftop and over every parking lot that gets sun, and over canals, even over roads, where practical. In desert cities, putting them over roads and parking lots will noticeably reduce urban heat increases, and help those cities not suck to live in as much, as an added bonus. Chickens, and training in home substinence farming, for everyone. No really, chickens are the best sustainable source of protein, via eggs, that you can keep in your back yard. And a lot of traditional farming techniques have been lost, and urban folk don't know dick about farming, by and large, and in general most people lack the knowledge required to grow food at home successfully. Fixing that will help make communities less susceptible to recession, and live healthier. Continental water and power infrastructure. Obv it will take more than 21 billion to complete, but a huge start could be made with that money. Dump $$$ into the space program. Literally give it to the poor. Use it to resettle as many refugees as possible. Buy rights to useful things and release them to the public domain. Build artificial rivers in the Midwest and the turn large swathes of it into forest. Plant millions of trees in cities around the country. Castles. I mean fuck, if we are going to build stupid shit, it might as well be tourist attractions. 
Fund Bernie's 2020 campaign
Sort out some low cost no caps ultrafast interweb infrastructure for all.
I would prioritize renewable energy research and development, as well as how to reduce climate change. 
Get started on universal heathcare
Build the wall cheaper and then deport the illegals.
Pay 12.5% of illegal residence annual welfare benefits?
Start paying off that mountain of debt.
1. Hire 50 million clowns.2. Buy 100 million bottles of orange soda.3. ???4. Profit. 
Improve the immigration process. Encourage legal immigration. Also, crack down on the people who hire illegals. 
Build a giant retaining wall.  I fucking love retaining walls.  
Give every us citizen around 65 dollars
Start a homeless mental health service. Free diagnosis and medication on a voluntary basis. Public transportation and infrastructure renewal.
What isn't a better use of 21 billion dinars?
Health care or give that shit to NASA.
Buy every game on Steam using 1 universal account and let every American know the password for it.
Build a giant dildo for Trump to use to go fuck himself.
Fix our infrastructure?
21 smaller walls, spread throughout the country. 
Give it to NASA
Rocket ships are cool. Also, education.
I actually did the math. You could do a metric fuck ton more reasonable things with it.
You shouldn't generalize, I'm republican and think the issue in flint needs fixed
Shit, I think you'd have enough left over to also house the refugees and give border patrol some more toys to make them more effective at their jobs.
Hell, housing and supporting *all* the homeless in the US.  21 billion could house them, feed them, educate them, and help them to be able to support themselves independently, as well as provide medical care and ongoing medical, including mental health, support.21 billion could do a lot of good for a lot of people. 
Would actually save money for the country in the long run anyway. And yet the don't take my money group doesn't want to ultimately pay fewer taxes. 
they only give a shit about veterans when they think it gives them the moral high ground
With 21 billion dollars why not both?
legalize drugs and treat it like a medical problem so that drug cartels lose all of their power and have no motivation or financial ability to cross the border anymore, maybe. edit: okay, numerous replies, human trafficking is a thing but let's be real any progress on this front is good. 
Don't you know they smuggle drugs underground? 
I can't remember what article I read, it was a good source though, and it sited normal border crossing zones are where most illegals come over anymore. In the back of trucks or some other way. So screw towers, help Mexico improve their economy so their citizens don't want to leave the country. If they had half the economy Canada had we wouldn't have this problem. In short, help our neighbors out a little bit.
You don't understand that the Mexican government is very corrupt 
Win win win? Did you get that out of a conflict resolution book?
We already put it all on red, that's why we're getting a wall in the first place.
Great then America can afford 2 walls.
How intense would that be? Then televise the spin, pay per view of course.
Has Wesley Snipes not taught you anything?https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=FTDeOPFr9e4#
Always bet on black
Edit 1: For those who come across this when it's deleted, assuming anyone can, OP suggested Fixing Flint's water crisis.I've actually seen a few places estimate that clean water for *every person on earth* would cost only 10 billion. Never saw citations so can't state with certainty, but that's only half the cost of the wall and does a hell of a lot more good.Namely, any whatsoever.Edit 2: [The best response to this, one that shatters the $10 billion figure completely, and is worth a read if you're interested about the topic](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/5thv6x/what_are_some_better_uses_for_21_billion_dollars/ddn10ec/).  I had no loyalty to the number in the first place, but it's nice to lay it firmly to rest.  Though it just makes me wonder where those sites got that number or how they justify it.
Aren't there many places in the US with similar water problems? Or is Flint the only one?
AFAIK they're working on it, progress is just really really slow because of how much piping they have to go through.
Too real man
Japan is wanting to do that, I posted the link to /r/trains yesterday. Japan wants to help rebuild rail infrastructure and bring high speed trains to the US, it's supposed to bring something like 700,000 jobs.
Geographically, I doubt covering the US in train tracks would be feasible. The place is just so big and spread out compared to Europe or Japan. Along the coasts might make sense, though.
Not possible, would cost way more
Passenger rail service doesn't actually make much sense in the US. The population density is too low, and the cities are too far apart(outside of the Boston-Washington corridor, but they already have high-speed rail). It's actually more efficient for all involved to use passenger airplanes and dedicate freight lines to rail, where speed of service is much less important, but cargo loads are huge and so using the most fuel-efficient transport method is better. For small, dense countries passenger rail and moving goods on trucks can make sense, but for most of the US, people should drive or fly and goods should move by train. The US freight train system is really an under-appreciated strength of the country, both economically and environmentally. (Caveat: California could, in principle, have a high-speed rail line that wasn't totally crazy, because of the fact that there's two very natural, and very dense, hubs. The problem is, it's California - by the time they finish their environmental impact assessment process, they'll have spent the full $21 billion, not broken ground, and we'll have invented teleportation)
The amount of incredibly important public transport improvements that could be delivered using this money cannot be underestimated. A second set of rail tunnels under the Hudson River, a second Transbay Tube in San Francisco, further expansion of LA's rapid transit network and so on would have massive economic benefits. 
A rail service would cost somewhere in the trillions to build a single track from D.C. to New York because of all the imminent domain. I can't remember where I read this, but any rail on the East Coast would cost around $40,000/ft. The US cannot into trains unfortunately
Spreading freedom isn't cheap ^^^/s
Oy that hurts
That war cost every person in the United States 75k. Like holy fuckEdit: I may be bad at math or read fake news (I know, sucks to be wrong with my username). Turns out it could be much lower but idk. Tune in below to find out.
I am all for further funding of public education but one lump sum, even 21 billion, is not a sustainable way of funding anything. I wholeheartedly agree that the money would be of better use in education, that money however will run out and whatever it funds will cease. It's hard to make long term plans on short term budgets(fwiw). Ultimately I would prefer the money go to education though. 
The ironic thing is that if Trump's administration somehow manage s to force through a 21 billion education bill... I might want to vote for him.  That is exactly the kind of thing that our tax dollars should go towards, but never do.
A stimulus package like this was done in Australia under Prime Minister Kevin Rudd.  For every taxpayer that earned less than $80k the previous financial year, they received $950. That's like a little more than **a week's wage after tax for free**.  To spend.To help the economy.News article here:http://www.smh.com.au/articles/2009/02/04/1233423265116.html
Better, give only to those that doesn't earn $60/hour more
Basic income ftw.
Welcome back, Bush tax rebates!
Wonderful idea
Have they launched JWST yet? I don't think so.
Yes.  This.  
Why? I'm all for science for the sake of science, but finding exoplanets doesn't do much when we can't even interact with them anyways.
And build a wall out of them.
If that's the plan, better save a bit of money for rebuilding the country's plumbing infrastructure.
Trump actually wants to improve infrastructure, but a republican senator (forget which) said that it isn't important... why not let his one good idea go through?!
Even burning it in a pile would be better - at least it wouldn't piss off Mexico!
With that much money, there's nothing you couldn't fuck.
Small walls can't contain me. I could scale them quicker than a chupacabra on adderall.    Edit: if someone can provide an adult chupacabra, I will race it up a wall.
make it 6, and put one above his head and one under his feet
Sims Style!
LIBERTY PRIME
Do we really want trump to have a giant robotIf he had one right now, he would have stepped on every Nordstroms in the country already
A very big robot. The biglyest robot. A fantastic robot.
Someone is already on ithttps://www.megabots.com/Oh, and they're scheduled to fight a Japanese robot
21 billion would not defuck the VA, unfortunately
Nah, it's only fun to support veterans when you can use it as an excuse to deny things to other people.  Like refugees, immigrants, or poor people.
Nobody was forced, we have an all volunteer armed service. The war was bullshit, yes, but joining the military was theirs, no sympathy. Join a war machine, get thrown into a bullshit war... wtf did you expect.
Forced? The fuck? No one in the U.S has been forced to fight in a war since Vietnam. Although I do agree the VA needs to be revamped.
That is a very basic version of the Netflix show 3%.
Or those with internet access and the ability to contact someone who made it through the escape rooms get into the country.
So each person is supposed to stand in the middle of the desert with no funds for equipment or additional support, and they will somehow guard their 1/2 mile of border from anyone crossing? That is a ridiculously stupid plan.
If you are going to employ someone for 40k a year, that means their salary is 25k a year, once you factor in insurance, 401k contributions, social security and taxes that the employer pays.  Where are you going to find someone to stand in the desert risking their lives for $12.50 an hour?
> Developing molten-salt thorium reactorsWhat about bringing forth the arguably second most important technology left for us to materialize? I'm talking about nuclear [fusion](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/a/ab/U.S._historical_fusion_budget_vs._1976_ERDA_plan.png)
> a law change to make it illegal to have an un-neutered animalUm...you do know where babies come from, right? People will still want to have dogs and cats a decade or two from now. 
One of these things is not like the others...
> A massive program to spay and neuter every dog and cat in the country, a law change to make it illegal to have an un-neutered animal, and black-clad death squads to enforce the new law.So, basically cause cats and dogs to become nearly extinct in the US? I get that there's a huge problem with stray animals and euthanasia, etc. But decimating the pet population (literally) is a bit drastic... It sounds almost like something Trump would do. If he cared about animals.
Wouldn't spaying and neutering every cat and dog in the country end up in those populations dying out?
almost all of these would require more than 21 billion dollars to do in any meaningful way
Why isn't this higher?
Now I'm curious--commission like a painting, or commission like a warship? Regardless, you have my vote for 2020
Haven't you heard? Education is for liberal elites who don't understand how the world really works. 
except for the whole institutionalized racism thing. 
Am I the only one who thinks space isn't that important? To me, there are tonnes of other things we could do that actually help people instead of just exploring stuff. 
*1.4 billion because lies
> Free dental care for anyone living under the poverty line.> Housing for the homeless.Those would cost **way** more than $21B. > Facts-based sex ed.> Withdrawing troops from other countries.These ones have no net cost, which means the reason it hasn't happened has nothing to do with money. Money won't fix it. 
You're referring to [gene drive](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gene_drive); the technology isn't proven and is highly controvertial with ecologists. Additionally, we might just be selecting for a new type of resistant mosquito- there is evidence of [resistance now](http://www.nature.com/news/gene-drives-thwarted-by-emergence-of-resistant-organisms-1.21397) Go with the nets
We absolutely couldnt wipe the malaria off the face of the earth for that much. I believe we already put more than that (or at least a similar amount) towards doing so
something something Joker quote
That would imply a cost of $262 per person. And this is a lump sum, not an annual amount so you'd need to get them universal care, for life, for $262. The US average is $9400 per person. You'd get those 80 million people universal coverage for 10 days - not exactly a winning plan. 
Or giving every US citizen a Mars bar.
Building a wall on Mars. Because... y'know...rapey Martians?
Solar. Freaking. Walls.
The hidden cost being the completely fucked up ecosystem as a result, but I still lol'd at the idea.
>Pretty much anything else. Making a jello wall would be better. That's still a wall. Maybe that's what he meant? :o
Report it for soapboxing.  It's clearly a violation of Rule 5.  Interesting to see if it's allowed if people do report it.
Seriously. I unsubbed from /r/politics because I was sick of seeing crap like this. Last place I'd expect this kind of garbage.
$21B won't make a dent in global warming. That would build a single smallish nuclear plant(about the equivalent of 3-4 normal coal plants), for example, but there are 572 coal power plants in the US. So you'd fix maybe 1% of US electrical emissions, which are 30% of US carbon production, and the US is 14% of global carbon production. So at that rate, you'd need $50 trillion to eliminate human carbon emissions. And this is using one of the cheapest ways to cut emissions we know of, so the real cost would be far higher. 
But the Nazis won't see it cause they're hiding on the other side.
Or hear me out. A large waterslide. 
But this is different because building a wall makes you literally Hitler
Oh hon...
We'll take the lowest possible meaning of millions, two million. $21 billion for 2 million students is $10,500 each. Average US college tuition is over $31,000 per year, or $124,000 for a four-year degree. You'd be able to give funding to a couple hundred thousand students, tops, when about four million students start per year. (State schools are cheaper than $31k, but those are already partially paid for by the government. Using government money outside the $21B is basically double-counting the available funds, so I used the value for private non-profit schools instead)
You're aware that the US spends around 150 billion annually on education right? Money isn't the issue. Incredibly puzzling to me why people keep saying the US needs to dump more money into schools. 
Who the fuck would work for $12k a year on a full time job?
Median house price in the US is $188,900. There is an estimated 50,000 homeless veterans in the US. To but each veteran a house would cost just under $10 bil. If we decide that's too much, tiny houses, those super small houses that are getting popular, cost about $20k each. That would come about to about $1 bil. It would be cheaper to house the homeless veterans they claim to care so much about than to build a wall to keep it the people they don't care about at all. 
Let's be realistic, we need more drones first.
Spending money to *help* people?What are you, some kind of fucking commie socialist fake news reader? (/s)
Porque no los dos?
Probably won't happen with meth, which is the big export now that weed comes from CA and CO. 
While this sounds good in theory, I don't think it'll work in practice. All the cartels would have to do is undercut the state-sold goods to stay relevant. They'd lose some ground but nowhere near enough to put them out of the game. Look at Colorado and Washington. Plenty of people here on reddit who openly admit to still buying illegal weed simply because it's cheaper.Edit: decriminalizing possession and treating it like a medical problem instead of a criminal one is great. It helps the addicts who actually need help. But unless you can make drugs available at prices below what the cartels can sell at, it's not going to put them out of business.
Forget about building a tall-standing concrete wall.  We'll build the wall *underground!*
Right, because it's impossible to detect tunnels from the surface /s
It payed off much better when we put it on black.
Let it ride!
They can tell Canada to fuck off too then!
Yeah! We can keep those damn Canadians out too!
And then we can have two AskReddit threads about it.
Uh... *pay your taxes*?
I think that doesn't account for the transportation of the water, which is the actual reason we have world hunger. The problem isn't making the food, it's getting it to places with infrastructure.
Water professional here. Reading people's comments to this reminds me how little people know about water infrastructure and how much it costs. Here's a crash course:Supply: you need water. Freshwater is preferred, of course, but saltwater will work. Where is it? Is it deep underground in an aquifer? Is it just from the water table? A lake? A river? Does the river run through other high population areas? Each one of these presents a unique challenge for extraction and treatment, some more expensive than others.Treatment: there are hundreds of different ways to treat drinking water, but only a handful of methods that make economic sense on a very large scale. All of them require very large and expensive treatment plants, with capacity directly related to.the service population. These cost hundreds of millions of dollars to construct only to serve a population of ~500k. That's just in one medium city. Imagine thousands of smaller towns and hundreds of metropolises. Gets expensive fast. After it's constructed, you've got to run it. The energy, raw materials (like alum, chlorine, etc) and the staff easily cost over million per year. Cha-ching!Distribution: how are you getting the water to the thirsty? You lay pipe of course. And pipe ain't cheap. Plus, there's meters, valves, backflow preventers, fire hydrants... But that's not all, because there's topography to consider. Most treatment plants are at low elevation near the lake or river, and we have to worry about gravity. That means pumping stations, water towers, reservoirs. Also, you need staff to maintain and expand the system, repair breaks, etc. That includes the backhoes, the drills and jackhammers, dump trucks... In just a moderately sized city you've got millions of miles of pipe laid for the distribution. Cha-ching!Collection: once people get their water, they use it. And water doesn't just magically disappear. It gets flushed down the drain. For everything I just explained about distribution infrastructure, copy that but in reverse for the wastewater collection system. Cha-ching!Wastewater treatment: now we have to put all the water we just used back into the natural water system so that a. We're not flooded with shit, and b. The next community down the river has water to use. This is a whole separate treatment plant from drinking water plant above. But in addition to the chemical and biological treatment, there's a lot of physical treatment that must be done. Someone has to remove all the trash from the wastewater, and then drive that truck to the landfill. While they're at it, all the biosolids from the waste need to be trucked to the landfill, too. While there are alternative treatments for biosolids (more cha-ching) most places pay a local landfill to receive the solid waste. Also expensive. Now wastewater isn't just turd-herders and button pushers; Don't forget the people who work in the laboratory who have to monitor all this shit for toxic organic compounds, and metals, and nutrients in this waste that could cause environmental disaster if it's not caught. Cha-ching cha-ching cha-ching!So all this is just to say that there's *no fucking way* that at today's value of $10 billion could we possibly provide drinking water to the entire world.**TL, DR;** lol, no
> clean water for every person on earth would cost only 10 billionNo fucking way in hell lol. 
How are the Mexicans going to pay for it though? 
Many many cities in the US have lead pipes to deliver water. However, it really isn't much of an issue so long as the water is treated with something that forms a protective film on the inside of pipes. The problem with Flint is they switch the water supply to something that isn't properly treated. Now all the pipes are oxidizing and just switching back won't fix it, at least not quickly.
Flint is a kind of unique case. Some idiots decided to switch water sources without checking with smart people, and the new source would be safe to drink by itself, but it oxidized/removed the coating for the lead piping, so if you get water from a tap in flint it will have lead in it. 
The same company being sued in Flint is involved in Pittsburgh's water problems.https://www.theguardian.com/environment/2016/sep/12/pittsburgh-water-expensive-rust-colored-corrosive
There are others. I've heard Baltimore is actually worse off
Was just in Japan two weeks ago. Their train system is a thing of beauty. Unfortunately it will never happen here.
I always hear things like this about rebuilding/renovating the US Railway system. But for as much as I'd love that to happen, I always just think no way automobile lobbyist are going to let that happenI just dont trust our current elected officials to make decisions based on what's important anymore, as sad as it is. Especially in this case where the automobile industry is such a huge part of the American economy.Which to me is also kind of ironic because American cars suck compared to Japanese and German ones.
You build high-speed rail for corridors and there are plenty that are a perfect fit, particularly in the Northeast, Midwest and West Coast. Imagine being able to take a fast train from Chicago and get to Minneapolis or Pittsburgh within around three hours. The US has a huge number of flight corridors that would be more efficient with rail. 
The US is already covered in train tracks. Really. Rail is still the most efficient way to move freight. The system is just prioritized to take freight over everything else.And yes, even though they are bad, China has an amazing passenger train system. Not all of it is high speed rail yet, but there are huge high speed lines that run to most major cities. Even to the western provinces. It just takes an authoritarian government to dump massive amounts of money into infrastructure projects.
[Checks out](http://www.mercurynews.com/2017/01/13/confidential-report-california-bullet-train-could-cost-billions-more-than-expected/)  ~~~$7b SF to LA~~  ***$64 Billion..  or $160,000,000/MILE***
Yeah, that's the biggest issue. Hell, Sunrail in Florida I don't think is even making close to a profit.
About a buck o five 
Seems like ~2 trillion divided by 250 million (amount of people over 18 in the US) leads to about 8 thousand per person. Still an ungodly amount. 
An educated point.
The wall would also take billions to maintain so the money for that could also be used to maintain any programs that were started with the initial $21 billion investment.
What if it was put into a high interest account and you just spent the interest on extra education funding?We did it in Australia a while ago then the government spent the money anyway but it was good in theory
You could set it up as an annuity and increase the budget by 1 billion for the next couple of decades.
That's like 100 cups of coffee!
The US did similar too. It was a major plank of Bush's 2000 presidential campaign. It didn't work well because we then jacked up spending for a pointless war. 
The reason that we dodged the GFC, people love to hate on the Rudd Government but he was a clever dude. 
It was awesome.
I believe the US did this as well under Bush. 
Combined with the mining boom it meant we pretty much skipped the effects of the GFC until we changed government, so it was pretty cool.
Haha. I remember that, when he specifically said, by a tv. And so we did. Now we all have flat screen tv's 
Not worth the bureaucracy. Just give them the money as well and save the hassle everyone else has to go through to prove, they don't belong to that group.
If you're going to do that, give everyone $80 and make it taxable income. Poor people get more, and the bureaucracy is minimal. 
SAD!
It is launching in 2018 IIRC
That's a terrible idea. THE MEXICANS WILL JUST EAT THROUGH THEM
Trump doesn't actually care. If he did, he would fire Steve Banning and half his cabinet and hire people who give a damn.
That senator would be Mitch McConnell. The biggest asshole to sit in the senate since... I don't even have a good historical comparison. Maybe Williams Jennings Bryant?
Trump wants to sell infrastructure to private companies and let them deal with it.  That is not how you get good infrastructure, that's how you pay to use the existing shitty infrastructure.  
>Trump actually wants to improve infrastructure, but a republican senator (forget which) said that it isn't important... why not let his one good idea go through?! Yeah. That senator was killed at bowling Green so now Trumps going to MAGA. Who needs Dodd Frank, we need to go back before the recession.
i want to say it was Mitch McConnell who said that, but i'm not 100% sure
Technically, yes, burning 21 billion dollars actually would be better than spending on this wall because the wall requires MASSIVE upkeep costs.Whereas burning it in a fire would save Amercians billions every year.
It might piss off Greenpeace though
They just let you grab it.
Not with those tiny hands
Looks like we'll have to build them more bigly.
DEMOCRACY IS NON-NEGOTIABLE
ONLINE. ALL SYSTEMS NOMINAL. WEAPONS HOT.
No we'd give it to hugh Jackman duh 
And it's a hell of a lot cheaper than 21 billion.
You are probably right, but at least it would be a step in the right direction.  I am just sick of seeing the government use soldiers like condoms to fuck another country, then toss them aside when their purpose has been fulfilled.  Meanwhile the government gets what it wants, smokes a cigarette, then gets new ones for next fuckfest.
Holy fuck I'm not the only person who watched it!?
Started watching and it wasn't that bad.
Clearly this a description of how cheap the minimum is. If you double the amount of money per person to cover equipment, it'll last 20 years. That's still an amazing investment. 
Red rover mode: super easy
>That is a ridiculously stupid plan.Stupid? Yes. More stupid than a pointless wall you can dig under? Probably not
Guns are cheep, especially for the US Gov
Give them a rifle, pistol, binoculars, a tent and a satellite phone. All they really need to provide security for themselves and spot/report sightings of illegal crossings, so that the better equipped border patrol can rush into to assist..
Stand outside college graduation ceremonies with flyers
I'm all for fusion, but I thought it was many decades/centuries away?Thorium we can do with today's technology (actually with 1950's technology!)
Yeah, but Universal Healthcare is something I believe in, so I snuck it into the list...  :-)
He did pass USDA deregulation that stops checking pet food manufactures from using poisons in their products....because he loves animals. 
Because it wouldn't work. 21 billion isn't enough to become a global leader. China is investing at least 360 billion in renewables by 2020
Because 21 billion builds about 1 and a half nuclear power plants and isn't really enough money to make a dent in the problem.
Because all it takes is quick google search to see how completely inadequate $20 billion would be relative to our current energy consumption. Some quick, back of the envelope, math puts US electric power consumption (i.e. Not even taking into account any transportation) at over $600 billion per year. I'm all for investing in alternative energy, but it's going to take a shit load more than $20 billion to get us unfucked.
Because the govt invested 300 million in solyndra, they went belly up in less than a year and we lost all our money
I think this is my favorite response so far haha
We spent the same decade tearing down institutionalized racism as we did going to the moon. Civil Rights act, voter Rights act and immigration and nationality act
While I understand you skepticism, space exploration is incredibly important. First, you have the big picture which is what OP was referring to. It is a statistical certainty that one day something bad is going to happen to Earth, whether it be an asteroid slamming into earth, human induced climate change, etc. One bad thing can wipe out all of humanity.Furthermore, there is a return of investment on that money put into NASA. It's estimated that for every dollar put into the space program, about $7-$14 is recording in growth. You're creating high tech jobs in America that won't be going anywhere and also putting that money directory into the American economy.Spin off technologies are huge. NASA comes up with solutions to problems that we as a species don't normally encounter. The technology they develop to overcome these odd problems spin off into everyday technology that we don't even consider. Some notable examples: carbon monoxide detectors, lasik eye surgery, the GPS on your phone, etc. There are so many simple things that we take for granted that was developed directly or indirectly by the space program.Just google info about the return of investment of NASA and the spin off technologies. It's quite incredible!
I'm not talking about just exploring it. I'm talking about moving there. Permanently. This is the only habitat we have at the moment. If we fuck it up beyond repair or we get hit by a catastrophic asteroid strike- that's it. Game over.There are always going to be hungry people or people who don't have as much as you. You can never win that game. All scientific endeavor would have to cease until everybody is able to live at the same standard.We can feed everyone now. No problem. We already produce that much food. It's not an issue of investing more money. It's always down to people fighting, people being corrupt, people shitting on each other.500 quadrillion dollars won't fix that problem.But even a small fraction of that would be a mighty big step towards getting us off this solitary rock and expand into the rest of the solar system. And from there, the stars.
The withdrawal method doesn't work. If you had facts-based sex education you'd know that.
like, 20 mars bars at least. 
mars doesnt send us the best martians
But at least it would be able to feed people!
I mean, I just really like jello so I'd be thrilled over a jello wall. If it were an opaque jello wall, even better! Very few things beat opaque jello for me. It's so delicious! #jellowall2017
It's anti-trump at its core so it'll stay.
At the US Mexican border ?
Technically that's still better than the wall idea. If burning the money is better, so is wasting it on the national debt.
> Median house price in the US is $188,900Ehhh, I'm not sure about nationwide, but while $188k might be median, $100k is certainly liveable by any means.  No need to hand out these crazy mcmansion bullshit places people are buying, just a basic starter home.
No no no, we need to throw it at the F-35 problem to try and make it work.
And the craziest part is that investing in people and lifting them up would make them a productive part of the economy! That's a terrible idea and I will vote out any representative who tries it! /s
Por qu*Porque means because 
Because Trump's friends want that wall contract.
I always thought cocaine was the big import. Meth can be made by any bozo with chemistry equipment; growing coca leaf in an economical manner is much more difficult.
Thing is, when you move the funding from enforcement and incarceration into treatment and education, the demand disappears.
No one will want to do meth if they can buy cocaine and acid at the corner store.
Idk about that, I'm sure the cartels could make alcohol cheaper than other sources, but there isn't a black market for alcohol. It's not just price, it's purity as well - state sold goods would be amazing quality compared to whatever shit the cartels sell.
I imagine any drug made in the US will be cheaper than it being made by cartels and smuggled over the border. 
If you allow people to grow pot themselves, in their gardens or living rooms, without fear of having their houses confiscated and without fear of going to jail, the price of pot should drop to about the level of organic tomatoes.  No one is getting into turf wars over organic tomatoes.  
> All the cartels would have to do is undercut the state-sold goods to stay relevant.Oh, is *that all*?With legalization there isn't a chance in hell cartels are able to compete with legitimate businesses with far more sophisticated manufacturing/supply chain processes.I'm sure most redditors would still complain about big pharma being involved, but that's who it'd be and they'd take the cartel business in its entirety almost overnight.
just walk over the underground wall
Thanks Obama!
Bravo.
Yea we hate those snow mexicans too. 
Frankly, at this point they'd probably be glad to.  
We already have the no touching zone of chopped down trees. Maybe instead of bullying a wall there, we could just plant even taller trees. A win for everyone. 
*snow Mexicans 
Already ahead of you yankees
By the time you finish that wall, it'll be us keeping you guys out
Another consideration is not obliterating local economies.For example, if you give out huge shipments of free food, you sometimes squeeze out local farmers, who cannot compete with literally free food, and now you've created a situation where a community is completely dependent on foreign aid for basic sustenance and are screwed if for whatever reason the food stops coming. 
Yes, but that's food. Water is easier to come by...maybe needing desalinization or whatever 
More like who owns the water and controls access to it
Thank you. I'll link this comment in an edit to my original comment.
Care to back up your skepticism?
I wonder how clean water for everyone is defined. Is it minimal drinking water for everyone? Drinking + basic sanitation? More complex (developed country like) activities? That makes a lot of difference. 
Same way they are going to pay for the wall: laughing at us while we pay for it because less than half the population bought a con man's bullshit
Lead in the pipes and radon in the ground. Welcome to back woods America, less than 30 minute ride to NYC
That's not exactly what happened.  From what I remember the protective film that builds up is actually bacteria.  When they switched the water - that new water had shit in it that killed the bacteria since that bacteria was built to perfectly withstand that old water.  Now the new water caused all that bacteria to die out and the protective film went with it.  GG : /
This is just not true. You don't see the government distributing bottled water in Baltimore. 
I dunno, Asians have proven very good at building our railroads.
Eh, people actually have a desire for it now. My state reps are asking for federal assistance for building and developing a high speed rail.
I am not in the US, but Canada, but the problem with both our countries is the surface area. It's way too big to have a system like Japan where it goes almost anywhere you want to go. It would cost way too much to have something similar built.I also would love to be able to go to any city by train, but that's just too far fetched. There were propositions to link our 2 biggest cities but it never went further than idea.Japan really did well on public transportation. Definitely the best out there, you just have to avoid rush hour.
For awhile they had funding to do a midwest high speed train network but the conservative governors killed it off.  Having a strong midwest train network would also provide significant relief for O'hare and midway airport.  I know if we had train service that wasn't shit I would be using it.  
Chicago to Minneapolis is less than an hour and a half by air, for $87(booking two weeks from today). How does a train make it more efficient? 
> authoritarian government  > dump massive amounts of money into infrastructure projects  So you're saying there's a chance...  
Now apply that all around the country 
Not sure if typo or you misread the article, but the latest estimate for the whole SF to LA track is $64b. The $7b figure was the original estimate for the first leg from Merced to Shafter and is just 119mi, and has just been revised upwards to $10b.
A hefty fuckin' fee
*about tree fiddy  FTFY
Correct me if I'm wrong but wasn't the financing of that war basically done as a loan?  Like people haven't actually paid out $8,000, they've just been made to promise to do so with interest some how?
They don't take care of the veterans of much more expensive wars, what makes you think they will maintain a symbolic middle finger?
Scruffy's gonna get himself one of them $300 haircuts. This one's lost its pizzazz.
Or enough to swim with a whale
How many smashed avocados? 
I love spontaneous Futurama references more than anything. 
Ya, I was thinking that too but couldn't recall much about it. I thought it was a few years after 2000. I can't even remember how much it was. I want to to say that it was a pretty trivial amount, like $50 or 100 or something.... maybe it was more. I honestly think that it's a good idea, giving money back to the population. If you give poor people money they're going to spend it, not save it it. I think that would generate more business in America than giving big corporations a tax break.
One of the reasons. China also helped
Is anyone else really nervous about that launch? Oh god what if it blows up... 
Mexicans won't eat that shit. It would probably work. :)
No mexican I know likes Taco Bell.Source: I live in Mexico.
The Americans would too lol 
Then thsy spend a year on the toiletgottem
And not appoint people to lead departments that those appointees have said they wish to literally destroy.
>Steve Banning
I hate Mitch McConnell so fucking much.
Also some people can stand near it to keep warm
Would it not also (if only slightly) slow down inflation a bit?
A wall would fuck up animal migration patterns, it'll piss off Greenpeace anyway! 
They may be small, but they're dexterous as fuck
Chill guys. First war with China, then Liberty Prime. Then nuclear war, then Liberty Prime again. The way things look we are probably heading towards the right direction for Liberty Prime already
OBSTRUCTION DETECTED. WALL. COMPOSTION: CONCRETE AND STEEL BARS. PROBABILITY OF IMMIGRATION HINDRANCE? ONE HUNDRED PERCENT.
BETTER TO BE DEAD THAN RED 
Nope, Trump would keep it and find a way to incorporate his head/body into it and run around the country screaming, AROOOOOOOO!
I have never heard the military referred to like this...amazing analogy.
VA hospitals should be decommissioned leaving only a few hospitals for critical inpatients (trauma, multiple amputation patients) and just let vets go to normal hospitals to receive their care.  Would save millions of dollars and also would allow vets to receive more immediate care.
It was quite a big deal here in Brazil, being Netflix's first national show and all. Also saw some people on r/NetflixBestOf that watched it.
Absolutely great show. Watched it in two nights
There are dozens of us!DOZENS!!!
20 years not to mention that when we get to twenty years from now we've saved paying twenty years of maintenance of the wall, which wwill be at least a billion a year.
Only through lack of funding - there's a graph somewhere showing progress vs funding and how the money has never been available.  The progress needed is happening exactly as planned to the current budgets and it will work one day, but a big shot of money could shortcut the process and get it going sooner!
Yes, I also thought that practical fusion was much farther away by current best estimates, especially considering pretty much all the reactor designs we have are testbeds to fine tune the properties they need.
Can I get a source on that? This makes me absolutely furious.
That's true. It was pretty great, but those were on opposite sides of the decade. 
NASA is by far one of the most productive institutions in the US government, especially with as small of a budget as they have
Hell, you can get a free book from NASA every year called *NASA Spin-off* that shows all of the things made possible by their technology. They've been the catalyst for such much growth in our species. 
More like 60. But such volumes would probably come with a huge discount considering the production of a Mars bar doesn't even come close to 1$
I hear the ones they send us do... things... with cows.
Meh for about 12 minutes.  It's hot out there, it'll melt!....unless you made it on the canadian border....ooooo
Posts attempting to promote a specific agenda of yours or anyone else, to gain publicity, promote a cause or charity drive, or to publicly shame a person or entity will be removed. Rhetorical and loaded questions will also be removed.It would appear so.  Hard to think of a more clear violation of this rule.
Mexico to Canada. Than they go straight to Canada in stead
Where do you live that $188K gets you a McMansion? And how much is a plane ticket?
To be completely honest if you're just going for building a place to live for a homeless person, it doesn't even need to be that. I'm not someone who builds houses, but a bathroom kitchen bedroom and living room can't be that much. For one person you don't even need that much space. 
That number was a quick Google search. That's the median price of an existing home sold in the U.S. in January from 2014.Barracks are a good idea too, I think the main problem not only with homeless veterans but homeless in general is mental health. This money, that they still haven't really come up with, could have so many better applications. 
Are you looking for a promotion? Because that's how you get a promotion in the defence sector.
It won't. I'm sorry, but it won't.Homelessness is not a problem that can be solved by throwing money at it. Even when there is available free housing (shelters) and food (soup kitchens), there are homeless people dying of hunger and exposure. Some don't trust these services. Others are troubled, mentally ill or socially maladjusted. Rare is the homeless person who is just down on their luck, and those who are in this situation tend to quickly recover. Being homeless means you have no friends or family willing to take you in, and that's usually symptomatic of greater problems -- addiction is a big one.As someone who has worked closely with homeless people, I regret to inform you that many if not most homeless people are a long way from being able to contribute to the economy. That absolutely doesn't mean we shouldn't help them, but help must come in the form of combatting addiction and other mental health issues, and reaching out with people, not just programs. And we should be clear that the goal is simply to reduce suffering -- let's not pretend that money put toward fighting homelessness is an investment of any sort.
Mexican and TIL.  I just spell spanish based off what I remember from youth church. 
because not both
While growing cocoa leaf is indeed a pain due to the necessity of a rainforest environment for the cacao to grow, I think you meant coca leaf.
also the fact that people generally like to NOT break the lawi mean, commit a crime to smoke a bowl, surebut commit a crime to save like a couple bucks? meh.
alcohol is also pretty hard to transport as a liquid,and it doesn't carry a lot of value for its size and weight
*Shh!*
For anyone unfamiliar with this person named above, he is [Malik Obama's](http://i.imgur.com/PbV4dBZ.jpg) brother.
Frostbacks
I work with a bunch of people from the other side of both borders, I'm using this tomorrow.
Am Canadian will support border wall
The question is actually being asked by Justin Trudeau 
[removed]
That's why farming incentives were a good idea. Helps create more sustainable living within the community. 
I'd hate to squeeze out the moisture farmers in Shithole, WarRavagedCountry
Better to bring in farming equipment and most importantly food storage equipment (food waste is absolutely insane in these countries, most of what they grow rots before its eaten since they don't have fridges or preservatives or any of that)
Agreed. If people didn't already have a source of water nearby, they'd be dead already. You won't make it 3 days without water, after all. The real problem is how clean the water is, and if any diseases are being transmitted through it. 
Water >>>> food. With water you can easily make food, without water food becomes scarce.
Desal is ridiculously energy intensive, though. You can't just plop a desal plant down without having a way to power it, and they need a lot of power. 
If it were only 10 billion, then Bill Gates would have single-handedly solved that problem. He has already donated almost $30 billion, and he focuses almost solely on clean living conditions such as water, food, disease prevention. 
Desalination plants cost $1m per 1,000 cubic meters of clean water per day. So a $100m dollar plant will serve about 300,000 people. Now distribute that water to people. And pay for the power plants required to produce the massive amounts of energy desalination takes. 
Source refuting a potentially false claim with no evidence to back it up? You have it backward.
>  less than half the population bought a con man's bullshit20% bought his BS. Remember that number. 20 fucking percent fucked us all. 
>Less than halfHeeheehee, bet that pisses him off
Dont forget asbestos in the walls!
Flint? That's a bit more than 30 minutes to NYC
There is a layer of mineral buildup over the surface of the pipe. The Flint River water has high chloride levels from runoff carrying road salt into the river and from disinfectants added during water treatment. Chloride ions are corrosive and break apart the mineral layer, exposing the metal of the pipes.You know how if you wear metal anything while swimming in the ocean, it gets rusty really quick? Same thing happened here. Salinization of surface waters is a problem.
Doesn't mean they shouldn't be.
you. you are *terrible*. I love it.
The Chinaman is not the issue here, Dude.
Nice.
So then they are already familiar with what needs improving.
/r/jesuschristreddit
My state reps continue turning down funding for such a thing. Even when they put it to a vote, my local voters turn down similar local options.  I don't get why no one here understands the benefit. 
> I am not in the US, but Canada, but the problem with both our countries is the surface area. It's way too big to have a system like Japan where it goes almost anywhere you want to go. It would cost way too much to have something similar built.Not anywhere you want to go but just between the coasts would be huge. We built out extensive railroad and highway infrastructure once upon a time. Saying we can't do it now is nonsense.
i'm from the US, and i primarily use trains for transportation (both short distance to school every day and long distance to my mom's house 900 miles away twice a year) and it works amazing for me. if the rails expanded out from the center of cities and connected from there between cities, it could be a thing of beauty. 
In his first year as governor, Pawlenty inherited a projected two-year budget deficit of $4.3 billion, the largest in Minnesota's history. After a contentious budget session with a Democrat-controlled Senate, he signed a package of fee increases, spending reductions, and government reorganization which eliminated the deficit. The budget reduced the rate of funding increases for state services, including transportationThis is the only thing I could find implicating a republican governor cutting transportation from Minneapolis to Chicago  http://www.wthr.com/article/midwest-governors-form-high-speed-rail-groupStill just making plans Here is the closest thing I could get but it's from a liberal news site http://progressive.org/magazine/alt-transit-high-speed-rail-midwest/At first glance, a 1,400-mile high-speed rail network seems like a blindingly ambitious undertaking. The projected cost would be about $84 billion. There is no way they had that money ready to go then called it off 
Downtown-to-downtown service eliminates the wasted time getting to the airport (and reduced cost in many cases) and a lack of security and far fewer delays all further cut down on it. If you're going from ORD to MSP, the total time spent going to and from both airports, getting through security, waiting around because you had to allot a lot of time, 30min of boarding, potential inbound delays, weather issues and holding patterns all actually even out the two and make rail competitive. Additionally, you can link stations and provide greater savings. A service from Chicago to Minneapolis would likely have stops at Milwaukee and Madison for certain runs, meaning that you've now opened up a huge number of potential origin-and-destination pairs on one service. 
Freedom isn't free,It costs folks like you and me 
I love reddit for this. This is the main reason I spend hours on this site. Your funny comments are an addition that is ruining my life.
If you buy something with a loan it doesn't make it any cheaper.
And meanwhile China probably spent similar amounts of money on infrastructure instead of warmongering 
Those veterans are just people, that wall is a way to show off your ego. I think it's clear which one gets budget priority.
Wish I could up vote you but there is a squiggly line and no up vote visible. What gives?  
One $300 hooker-bot or three hundred $1 hooker-bots?
We better do what he says. He's a whale biologist.
The main one I remember was in 07/08 to try to combat the newly forming recession. Spoiler, it didn't work.
It was within the first year. Something like $200 a person and $500 for married people. Bush was supposed to do it each year.Edit: $600 for couples (Summer 2001): http://www.sfgate.com/politics/article/Bush-signs-1-3-trillion-tax-cut-bill-300-600-2913184.php 
There is such a thing as launch insurance. Though a 8 billion dollars would probably devastate any insurance company. 
Maybe they won't, but I sure as hell will. Love me some Taco Bell. 
Mexican here, can confirm. Taco Bell doesn't taste as good as our tacos.
I have rarely if ever seen a Hispanic person in taco bell (that wasn't working there)  we had an amazing Mexican place in town that was like slightly slower than TB, and maybe 20% more expensive, but holy crap every single thing they made was outstanding.  When we ate in, we were usually the only white family in there, with the rest being Hispanics.  Was pretty easy to tell it was good shit, without even ordering anything.
Its his nick name from when he used to [get banned from WoW for being a gold seller.](https://www.wired.com/2016/09/trumps-campaign-ceos-little-known-world-warcraft-career/)
>President Bannon    FTFY
World's largest cookout!
Mexicans emit carbon dioxide by *breathing.*The ball's in your court, President Taco
The real Trump would never say a word like 'dexterous.'
Well I guess so, from all that pussy grabbing
FILTHY COMMUNISTS
Not really. The first American in space was 1961, the Civil Rights Act was 1964, the Voting Rights Act was 1965, and the Moon landing was 1969. They were fairly concurrent. 
I like this idea
Middle of fuckin no where.
I live in one of the cheaper areas of CO, 188k would indeed be a very nice house here. Avg is probably like 100k, plenty of fine houses for 60-80k range.
Texas
Like middle of nowhere Midwest. Oklahoma has some huge homes at that price
Missouri. 2800 ^ft home, 5 bed, 3 bath. $150,000 suburban neighborhood, no HOA, little league fields in walking distance. Two grocery stores within two miles, highway in three. Schools are a fifteen minute bus ride for my kids, probably fifty or more restaurants in a six mile radius. A big traffic delay means it takes thirty minutes to get across town instead of the normal twenty. A major delay means the police close the area and set up detours to get you there only 30-40 minutes behind. Weird.
It might even be cheaper for the government to just buy existing apartment complexes. 
What about using some of the proposed billions in a program to pay people who can actually help these people then; addiction counseling, mental health services, etc. 
> Homelessness is not a problem that can be solved by throwing money at it.Your opinion is very simplified and shows that while you have a good heart and want to help people efficiently you didn't read enough about it. > As someone who has worked closely with homeless people, I regret to inform you that many if not most homeless people are a long way from being able to contribute to the economyThere are 500k homeless people in the US most of those aren't chronic homeless. Of the 50k homeless veterans the part of ones who don't trust low while the part that would be able to lifes sensible with a secure home and a secure minimum payment is not small.It is true that many mental illnesses in the US aren't properly dealt with and that is double true for homeless esp. chronic ones. However the QOL and DALY could vastly be improved with simple actions. Many of the 500k+ homeless people in the US are there for economic reasons, not mental ones. There is also a good amount of debt that isn't properly dealt with which would people be able to reintegrate into society quite quickly with a place to stay and the knowledge to not go hungry. This would also enable to create a social web against which is the best safeguard against continued homelessness - as the stigma of not having a place to live is big. That said as someone who worked with homeless and was partially involved in a project which effectively diminished both forms of homelessness in an area I understand where you come from and value your contribution to this discussion. 
grassy ass gringo
I feel a strong urge to read a story about what the world looks like if cocoa was illegal 
Also Canadian, what if we just pitch in for a dome?  Mexico and Canada will pay for it and put conveyer belts for trade.
I've never heard this, but as a Canadian, I like it. 
This is why I donate to heifer international. They get it right.
What about serious draughts?  Like the one California is experiencing, or Yemen or parts of central africa. They can survive there, but they are dependant on regular waterfalls, when those don't happen like they should every year, they have a serious problem on their hands. 
So do people :v
Fuck, Bill Gates makes me so hard.
But the foundation hasn't spent $30 billion. That was the endowment Gates gave. The foundation uses only a portion of that year-to-year in order to spread it out to do the most good for the longest amount of time possible. A lot of the money is put into a trust fund. You can find a list of their investments online (surprisingly, about half of the investments are in oil).Furthermore, I can't find much evidence of them spending much money in regards to potable water. Most of their money is being spent on vaccinations ($7 billion). From the looks of things, they've spent less than $1 billion on sanitation and hygiene combined.The foundation is spread incredibly thin. They are trying to do a lot of things and when you try to do a lot of things, even $30 billion doesn't go too far.
that one at least won't do anything bad as long as it stays in the walls, much harder to avoid water.  Lead paint is still in a lot of places too
That describes like 2/3 of all buildings in North America though. It's unfortunate that it's taken so long to stop producing and using asbestos, but basically anything built in or before the 70s (and later, though it became less common) will have some asbestos containing materials in it somewhere.
You sure?  Have you seen the way they drive in Michigan?
alternative water
Their not wrong.
Also, Dude, chinaman is **not** the preferred nomenclature.
Because people think that taxes are never worth the benefit. My town once held a vote essentially saying Ok, our school is falling apart, state's willing to pay 30 percent, federal government is willing to pay 40 percent, and we managed to get the best deal available for us for sixty years. Do we vote to build a new school?They held the vote in the current highschool gymnasium. It was raining. It literally rained on the voters.Vote failed by five percent.People are selfish.
Coast to coast rail is useless.  Air travel will always be better.  Rail is beneficial for shorter hops where it can be faster than air travel.  It takes almost as long to fly from New York to DC as it takes to fly from New York to LA when you consider all the hassles of air travel.  
>i'm from the US, and i primarily use trains for transportationThe problem is that only works in select places. The NE and California are the only good places for high speed trains. If you are going long distances, then Im guessing you are from one of those two places. Amtrak has an actually fairly expansive system, but there is simply not enough traffic on those routes to justify a super high speed train. A national high speed train system would cost more than [$500 billion to build](http://www.businessinsider.com/the-true-cost-of-a-high-speed-rail-for-the-us-is-more-than-500-billion-2009-5). Planes are more expensive per mile per passenger, but not by much, and definitely not enough to justify the cost of building and maintaining a railway.For short distances, many cities have subway systems that are great. (NYC and Chicago), and we already have intercity transportation.Even for the passenger, trains right now aren't that much cheaper. High speed rail is even more expensive. I can book a train from Boston to DC for the 25th on amtrak for $142. It takes almost 8 hours. United costs $97 and takes 1hr 45 min. Why would I take the train?
In 2010, Gov. Scott Walker rejected $810 million for a Madison-to-Milwaukee line. This was part the Obama administration's nationwide, $10.1 billion push to invest in high-speed passenger rail.http://www.npr.org/2010/11/10/131223230/not-so-fast-future-for-high-speed-rail-uncertain
actually more expensive
Mmmhmm
Can I get a pic? I'm on mobile
Upvotes don't become visible until 1 hour later. To avoid comments jumping all over the thread every second 
Yuck! I don't want no $3 hookers!
Yep I remember getting my $300. That was the premise behind that one Futurama episode where Fry drinks all the coffee too I think. 
Yeah but imagine the monthly premiums
It's not only about the money, its about the years of time and effort that go into making the ultra-sensitive instruments.  It'd set the launch back another 5 years at least, if it isnt scrapped entirely.
Actually NASA usually isn't insured on their launches by anyone except the Federal Government. No Company would ever insurance a single launch of a 10+ billion dollar payload as it is a no win situation. 
Breaking news: millions of Americans run for the border
This can't be fucking real
> President ~~Bannon~~ BanningFTFTFY
OK, lets nuke Mexico. A nuclear winter will stop global warming, right?
Concrete emits more. But I admit nothing compares to the hot air escaping our rotten pumpkin of a president.
He would also never admit that his hands are small.
Of course Trump would have a dex build 
:O /u/OFFICIALDonaldJTrump is a FAKE!
Alright, I'll accept that. 
The more distant suburbs of Atlanta are in the $180k range. Pretty far from middle of nowhere, but it definitely isn't city living.
I live in one of the less cheap areas of CO. I couldn't buy a cardboard box on 0.1 acre for 188K. 
Hell no we can't have **SOCIALISM** /s
r/WritingPrompts
Can we fill it with water?
Americas got Diamondbacks and Australia has Razorbacks, we in Canada have Frostbacks.
The problem is that it doesnt stay in the walls because its so easy to break and get into the air. 
It's all of you who are driving wrong.
Your English is, though.
Asian-American.
I think the use of the word was meant to be ironic since it's so obviously non pc, and is relevant to the time period when Asian immigrants were building railroads
That's just fucking sad man
Our school had mold in the basement classrooms, the school board had photos printed off on banners begging for a levy. Our towns average age is like 55 (real old community as its a small town). Literally there were buses from the retirement village full of old people who all where voting no Remind me in 50 years to care for the next generation.
My kids school has had 2 levies to build new junior school and elementary schools last year. The junior school was build in the 60's and one of the elementary schools was built in the 30's. Both levies had 30-50% state funding, both levies failed. I believe it's the older generation who don't have children in schools who are so adamantly against it, but my position is, someone paid for the schools that you and your children went to. Pay it forward.
On mobile as well. https://imgur.com/MI4djsB
TIL after two years of wondering
Oh shit. NASA is gonna have to switch to geico or something
I think this is a viral Taco Bell ad in the making.
This is the timeline we live in now, apparently.
Holy shit, it seems it is... there's multiple articles about it, and it sounds completely legit. Internet Gaming Entertainment, now Affinity Media Group, with millions of dollars invested.    Except it was more running industrial-level Chinese gold farms and using Romanians as underpaid ingame couriers than just being a gold seller.    Sounds like his company actually were the ones to start that type of gold farms, or at least bring to the west. 
> They ~~may be small, but they're dexterous as fuck~~ are tremendous, I have the best hands. Yuge.FTFY
As you can see, the evidence clearly shows that the crime was done by a president with huge hands.He'd probably tweet for days about how his hands are tiny and how the crime he totally didn't do isn't even something he should be impeached for.
Nah nah nah. He'd be straight charisma. Dump everything else. 
fake account. sad!
I live in a decent-sized city in NC and $188k would get you a decent 3 bedroom house here. Not McMansion, but a hell of a lot better than being homeless. 
Cali suburbs range from 500,000 to 4,000,000 :(
I know, I seriously feel for you guys. It's getting crazy up there. Funny how many of the mountain towns are going too. Most of them where relatively cheap little outpost towns, now everything is becoming like little Aspen wannabes. No good :(
I'm already imagine a intense scene involving the DEA and a man snapping off one of those squares on a Hershey's bar
They are wong
...is this a woosh?
Fun Fact:They just found lead in our pipes, and they cut our school's teaching staff by 16%. This is a school with like, 20 teachers max. I could name most of them from memory, and they were actually some of the most dedicated people I know. Even the shitty teachers tried hard. My graduating class had a good third or so on the high honor roll. These were not bad kids.This is in one of the few towns that voted for Trump in Massachusetts. (Though, if everyone that voted for fucking Stein voted for Hillary, she woulda won it with like thirty votes.) I really can't believe that people don't see the correlation between a dying town and a lack of investment.You know what our latest major infrastructure improvement was? A fucking CVS.
Reminding you now to stop caring for the previous generation.If they're willing to kill their community's future and block a school, be sure to vote down any sort of measures that might cheer their twilight years.
This is why millennials hate Boomers.
The older generation are kind of a bunch of selfish assholes.  It took us a while to figure it out as GenX.  But now that they've fucked up everyone else's future it's pretty obvious.
The pic is evidence that you did upvote. I was looking for a squiggly line preventing you from upvoting. 
Point total undetermined
I upvoted even though you only have a squiggle 
No, he's definitely doing the 1 intelligence, 10 luck run.
The suburbs are nuts. I live in the boonies 80 miles east of LA, bought a cabin here for $155k. Rents are rising faster than gas prices so I don't mind the 40 minute commute, plus living in the mountains is pretty rad.
Two wongs don't make a right. 
The movie is like 20 yrs old now... always gotta be at least one per Big Lebowski reference.  :p
Like our generation has that kind of power 
40 minute commute to where? Not LA
But many Wongs can make a railroad. 
Exactly. It's difficult when the average age in those towns is 55.
Reading
Hiking
Baking.  A loaf of bread is $0.50 if you buy flour and yeast in bulk.  You have to add the cost of heating the oven, but it also heats your house!
Buy cheap shit at goodwill and sell it to hipsters in eBay for profit.
When I was a young teen I really wanted to get into archery but didn't have money for a bow or club dues. I think I was reading some anthropology type books and figured if early man could figure it out I would definitely be able to make a bow myself. I channeled my inner George Washington and took my hatchet to the little persimmon tree in my backyard. Worked on and off for about 3 months with some old wood rasps and a knife and I finished a bow... Now I still do it and I found out other people do too on /r/Bowyer and I do meetups with a local group into the same thing.
Harmonica and calligraphy. Great way to annoy your roommate and write a fancy apology note.
Cooking. Since it's cheaper to make meals from scratch, it's a hobby that can easily be zero or net-negative cost.
Drawing. You just need a pencil and paper to start. And don't listen to that crap about you needing talent. I've seen people go from can't draw a stick person to technically proficient in under a year (I studied fine art and used to lecture fashion illustration) Find something you like drawing, be it people, architecture or doodles completely out of your head, practice and have fun. As a bonus, you can pick up some decent beginners books at second hand book shops for almost nothing or search the net, there are some fantastic tutorials for all skill levels out there :)
Chillin the hole day checkin reddit on Tim Horton's free wifi 
Listening to podcasts. They're essentially free audio shows and some have a video component, too! Professional podcasters invest thousands of dollars of their own money and hours of their time to produce entertaining and often informative shows, and they give you access to them for free. That's always been amazing to me.EDIT: It seems many of you don't see consuming media as a hobby. I see a hobby as anything that one enjoys doing to pass time. But to each their own, I suppose.
If you live in walking distance to a hoop, i would say pick up basketball. All you need is shoes and a ball. Soccer is also cheap if you live near a park where they play often. That's what i did as a kid. 
Origami. Just start with plain paper or post-it notes, whatever you have. Look up youtube videos or get a book from the public library. Virtually no cost. When you get better at it, buy a little pack of fancy paper to make gifts or decorations.
Role playing games.Sounds ridiculous, but the reason that me and my friends growing up played them is because you usually only need 1 rule book, a set of cheap dice, paper, pencils and the most important thing; your imagination.I spent entire weekends growing up playing RPG's and all we spent money on was a few little ceasars $5 pizzas and cheapass cokes.EDIT:  Several people here have said I need friends for this!.  Agreed!  Let Reddit help you.  I would bet money that there's a subreddit for finding local RPG groups. (actually looked it up just now.  Looks like /r/lfg is just for this sort of thing)  Just make sure the group meets in a public place, at least at first.  I've met some of my best lifelong friends as random people who joined our RPG groups.EDIT 2:  As Red_Ed mentioned, I should probably add /r/rpg to this post as it's a good place to start learning about RPG's.  Good point!
People watching 
Disc Golf. You can get a decent disc for $10-15 and most courses are free. 
Found out about this recently on Reddit, http://www.dorodango.com/create.htmlI haven't been able to do it yet, as I am in college right now and my campus has very little dirt on account of it being in the city, but all you need it dirt and water and time.
Writing fiction can be satisfying and provide a break from your problems.
Running. All you need is a pair of shoes and access to a road.edit: If you're thinking of dedicating a significant amount of time and energy to running, then please invest in the proper running shoes. You can find quality but very inexpensive ones online, but I'd highly recommend getting a shoe fitting or gait analysis at a local running store so they can help you select the proper footwear. This process is usually free.
Teaching yourself a new language, be it Spanish, French, Elfish or what have you. Or you could just think of something that you like and try to learn everything about it. This can take up much more time and energy than it seems like it should.
Rock/Fossil collectingAndBird WatchingAnd Learning how to identify Trees/Shrubs/Flowers Edit- For those wondering how to get into these.Home computer or phone: for those that like google and Wikipedia.Local library: for those wanting some materials to bring outside for actual identification of the real things.Local universities that have a natural resource component: for those looking for identification workshops and the like. This will work for all of the hobbies listed.
If you have a smartphone, I recommend /r/Geocaching. Free and pretty awesome with or without a companion.
sleeping.
Shaming the rich kids'Must be nice having your daddy buy you a Beemer. Born on third base and thought you hit a triple, eh?'
Masturbation. I saw in a pamphlet that one good point about it was that it's free!
Hiking, primitive camping, fishing, herb gardening, small scale fixing/cleaning/flipping, cooking, singing, playing music, whittling/carving, hand craft woodworking are a few that i've done.These are can be low cost and either save you or make you money.I do higher level math as one odd hobby.  Math skills makes you money.
learning to code! there are so many free online courses and you can take. Some teach you how to make little video games etc etc. Of course coding is a real profession and starting as a hobby can be a great way to enter that profession but it can also be really fun. 
Lock picking
Paper mache...all you need is paper and a little flour and cornstarch and you can create endlessly. 
Crying yourself to sleep at night wondering how the bills will be paid, and food will be bought.
TIL I'm a poor person.
Dungeons and dragons, Pencil, paper, dice and a players handbook is all you need to spend money on for an unlimited amount of entertainment.  If you play on roll20.net you can have access to all of those things for free.  
Crime 
Gardening. It's super nice, calm and therapeutic once you get into it. 
As something a bit different, juggling is really excellent. Very cheap/easy to get in (you just need three balls). It also has a pretty huge depth, just three ball tricks could easily keep someone occupied for years. 
Crafts would serve a double purpose as a hobby with potential to earn. And I find crafts very therapeutic to take my mind off how I will pay for my school and my bills.
Volunteering. Boys and girls club, VFW, retirement home, soup kitchen. You'll meet some interesting people that will improve your life in return.
Playing an instrument...not being a gear head, just buy a $30 guitar on Craigslist and you have a better start than bo diddly and Jimi Hendrix.  Few hobbies are as rewarding.  Edit: I'll add to this: so so many great free apps on both platforms to teach, train your ear, chord charts, and amazing tuners. In 5 minutes you can for free have a $1000 advantage over someone who started playing 15 years ago.
Reading! Library cards are free.Edit..in *most* places they are free, or have only a small, nominal fee.Edit 2. And it is ALWAYS  free to sit *inside* the library and read.
Couponing.  People take that shit seriously.
Throwing rocks at trains
Class consciousness and revolution.
Meditation
Gardening.  You can even save seeds for next year and make it even cheaper than this year was. 
Pushing a hoop with a stick
Knitting. Yarn can be procured for fairly cheap and you can make your own clothes, blankets, etc.
Second job.
Math. You can go from scratch to calculus with pencils, paper and a library card.
Crying
I'd say camping. As a self described poor person, this is my go to.  I camp all the time because of how cheap it is.  Don't have to pay for a hotel, beautiful views, etc.  I camp pretty much every night.  There are some wonderful places in the local park.  I've realized you don't even need to have a tent.  Why waste the money?  I've also noticed that if I sleep in a public area and leave out a cup, people will put money in it assuming I'm homeless.  It's really a great way to make a living.  I've pretty much lost interest in everything else in life and am focused solely on expanding my business of preying on dumb people.  I now have three cups.  It's really great how ambitious it makes you feel.
Playing the guitar, the initial overhead varies but then you have your very own sadistic torture machine to widdle away the hours for the next 60 years. 
Videogames are kind of, if you look at how much they cost per hour. Also some sports like running/cycling can be pretty cheap
If you're really nerdy, programming the raspberry pi. Entry fee is $8 (for the pi). You can literally do anything with this machine. It's incredible.Just go on google and search raspberry pi projects. Guarantee you'll find something useful.Edit: Okay, the pi itself needs some extra gadgetry to get it actually work, but I don't know a single person who doesn't have some type of display, and some kind of USB to Micro USB cable.The original Pi (and PI zero) has analog output for older TVs, and the newer ones have HDMI and analogue. So really the only entry is some kind of storage (which every one has I'm sure), a USB cable (which everyone also has I'm sure for their phones or whatnot), and a display.
Hiking. It's free, gets you out of the house, gets you really fit and you get to see lots of nice scenery and meet friendly like-minded people. Also if you like dogs, you will meet lots of people with well trained, friendly dogs!Basic gear for simple hikes is pretty much jeans, t-shirt and trainers. You can find a decent pair of boots for about 30 if you want to tackle harder walks. A packed lunch is a good idea and saves any additional cost. 
Melting scrap metal and blacksmithing. All you need is charcoal and a hairdryer. Edit: This is howIt's pretty easy. Just need to get yourself a metal bucket and surround it with something that insulates like sand. Put a metal pipe in it, cellotape a hairdryer to a cardboard tube and slot the cardboard tube into the metal pipe. This means the fire will get lots of oxygen and you can cover the top with bricks to keep the heat in.Then fill the bucket with charcoal and use something that's stainless steel as a crucible. This foundry will easily melt metals like lead, aluminium and if you're lucky, copper. There is a chance it will get hot enough to melt steel so you might need to get a graphite crucible.Watch out that the bucket isn't galvanised steel since Zinc fumes aren't the nicest thing to be breathing in.Check out r/metalworking and r/blacksmith. 
Explore your neighborhood, unless it's like a Chicago hood or something. In that case just surviving is already a good enough hobby. 
Dumpster diving.
Yoga. I began practicing when I was on food stamps, nearly homeless and so stressed out that I was on the verge of a nervous breakdown. You don't need fancy, expensive clothes. Just comfortable clothes that can handle a little stretching. You can often borrow a mat from a studio or buy a very affordable one from Walmart, Target or a sporting goods store. You only need one mat and they usually last quite a while. I did my homework and was SO happy to find out that a ton of places offer FREE community classes. They're usually designed to be newbie friendly and you will be surrounded by people who are learning something new too so there's no shame or judgement. If you live in a city with a Lululemon or PrAna shop, they also offer free yoga usually on weekends. In the warmer months, a lot of cities offer free, outdoor yoga in local parks.Through my yoga practice, I found ways to naturally calm my anxiety. I made so many great friends and lost weight. I began to actually feel HAPPY which made being poor a lot more bearable. Eventually I found my way into a much better financial situation and I was able to invest in a monthly yoga studio membership which meant that each class was only $4! I also invested in a nicer mat which cost about $100 but made a huge difference in my practice. I also let myself indulge in clothes designed specifically for yoga and enjoyed their sweat-wicking abilities! Yoga was an investment in my mental, emotional and physical health so it seemed like a good way to use my resources. The yoga industry is FULL of stupid, unnecessary, expensive gadgets but really, you don't need anything besides a mat that won't turn into a slip & slide when it gets sweaty and an open mind. 
Books, books, books
Depends on how poor. Writing code or just generally doing computery stuff (3d modelling, animation, even drawing with a mouse) can be quite fun, especially when you finish and it works. Doesn't even require a supercomputer, and I presume you probably have a PC capable of doing this if you are reading this (you can do stuff like this on phones, too)Best bit, is that you can eventually, if you get good enough, sell the programs you make (although I'm nowhere near this point yet)
Rubiks CubeYou can go from not knowing how to solve one to solving it in less than 30 seconds in about 6 months (depending on investment of time). Plus, competition level cubes are about $10 (GTS 3, Thunderclap v1, Valk3 are all less than $15).Best part is, you only need one!PS: **DO NOT BUY RUBIK'S BRAND.** They are garbage plain and simple.
music production.[reaper](http://www.reaper.fm/) is a free and is on par with most $500+ DAWs. most people end up just buying/cracking ableton though.from there get a synthesizer, EQ, saturator/distortion, compressor, and reverb VST from [here](http://www.best-free-vst.com/plugins/virtual-instruments/analog-subtractive-synth-01.php) or by googling 'free vsts.' there are absolutely tons of these out there.here's a link to [drum packs](https://community.dsf.ninja/t/free-stuff-plugins-samples-etc/857).then go to youtube and search for beginner guides, here's an [example](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AdO2YvzKLm0). make a track a week (in the beginner phase it's easy to make 2-3 per week) and every single one will be better than the last.
I scrolled pretty far down and didn't see dancing. Learning how to dance well is cheap AF all you need is some good music and preferably a few YouTune video of some people who can dance professionally.https://youtu.be/twqM56f_cVoI'm hoping to be here within 5 years.
Seizing the means of production
/r/Shoplifting 
Chess, Go, Othello, or any other strategy board game
I've heard sex is pretty fun.
ITT If you're poor, chores and unpleasant activities are your only hobbies
I like to wander crowded mall parking lots with bags in hand pretending to find my car. I've established a point system for the number and type of vehicles I can get to follow me to my spot.
I guess drinking and smoking weed is a poor people hobby, because I do both of them and am poor.Also drinking leads to buying stupid shit cos drunk me thinks its hilarious and/or cool. Fuck drunk me
Home brewing.  Cost a bit, like 50 dollars, to get the equipment, but then your alcohol costs go way way way down, and you can use alcohol as a coping mechanism for whatever societal/personal factors are pushing you into poverty.   
Disc golf. Discs are cheap and the courses are free, plus it's a ton.Edit: of fun
One thing I haven't seen here that really is a fun activity -- Teaching yourself CARD TRICKSCost -- deck of cards, YouTube videos -- maybe even a $15 starters magic kit if you want to go crazyAnd Teaching yourself YOYO MOVES-- cost -- many of the lower end Yo-Yo's will cost like 1$ - $5 -- you won't be able to do the more complicated tricks but you can use it to figure out if it's a hobby you want to pursue a little more.Also also alsoSTAMP COLLECTING Philatelists are fucking sexy as fuck. I've been blown more times than I can count behind the post office when the minx behind the counter realizes she's dealing with a pro. 
Math.  By math, I don't mean arithmetic.  True math is invention mixed with logical problem solving.  It is insanely fun, and costs almost no money.How to get started?  If you don't remember arithmetic, then you'll need to learn it.  Go to the local library and get a book at your level.  Do tons of problems; check your answers in the back of the book.  If you don't understand why an answer is what it is, PM me (I'll be happy to tell you). Arithmetic includes factoring numbers, FOIL, order of operations, and maybe even solving equations for the value of a variable.  Once you've gotten arithmetic, it's time to progress.  But don't do the standard progression (algebra, trigonometry, geometry, calculus).  That stuff is fun, but the lowest levels are a lot like arithmetic rather than the logical problem solving I'm talking about (you do a bunch of problems and work through them to understand the technique).  Instead, pick up a book about Abstract Algebra or Number Theory.  And here the real fun begins.  You're about to have your mind blown about what math truly is, and why people become so obsessed with it.  A book that I recommend is Rings, Fields, and Vector Spaces.  You'll see just how logical thought can mix with creativity to reveal a whole new definition of beauty.  You'll go to sleep completely stuck and wake up with an elegant and clean solution to the problem.  If you ever have questions, again feel free to PM me (I'll do my best).If you rather learn from videos and online, then I recommend this course on Mathematical Thinking:  https://www.coursera.org/learn/mathematical-thinking/lecture/8UyP0/lecture-0-welcomeSome books that might follow are Calculus by Spivak (Calculus taught in a much more fun way), and perhaps a book on Game Theory.  At some point, you may work on a problem that hasn't been solved.  At some point, you may solve a problem that hasn't been solved.  There are few pleasures as rich as that one; it lasts a lifetime.  But don't worry about that for now; just enjoy the level that you're at.If you'd rather work on solving problems that apply to the real world, I have a suggestion there too.  You can take the Digital Signals class listed here:  https://web.stanford.edu/~ndwork/si2016/session2/.  (This class requires a computer, though, so I'm not sure that it still adheres to the availability for the poor). As always, feel free to PM me with any questions.  With this class, you'll see just how many problems can be solved with simple mathematics.  In this class (given to high school students for three weeks), you'll make people disappear from videos, determine wether a blob in a medical image is cancer or not, design a mechanical truss, and many other cool applications.  This is only one of a plethora of online classes, but I like this one because it's for high school students.And to get your blood jazzed about this stuff, you can read some of the fun historical books on math.  Some of my favorites are The Code Book and Fermat's Enigma by Simon Singh, The Drunkard's Random Walk, and The Theory that Would Not Die (about Bayes Rule).So ... Math!  It's a super fun hobby.  Should you pick it up, please PM me.  I'd love to watch you progress on your journey.Best of luck!
Collecting debt
Exercise in all forms. It requires little resources. It's also the best for longevity and keeping health care costs down.
Reading. Public libraries are the jam
Trading out quarters. You can collect small change and then take to a bank to get quarters. You can also take, say, $10 and go exchange for a roll of quarters.Why would you want to attain so many quarters, you say?Hunting for pre 1965 quarters, that's why! Every quarter 1964 or older are made of silver, and are worth about 3.50 a piece. It's a fun little hobby that costs very little. My kids and I always enjoy sifting through quarters like a little treasure hunt 
ITT basically everything I did with my family as a kid.I think we were poor.Edit: a word
[serious] cost:#The Arts:* cooking. learn to cook, you will SAVE money cooking nutritiously in bulk, and impressing your dates while saving money in a sexytime location. apply savings to:* pencil drawing. * music~ singing, percussion (on anything), cheap guitar* photography (on your phone)* painting - use house paint, buy pthalo (blue) magenta, spectrum or hansa yellowall these things also have the benefit of being attractive to potential partners.#Sports:* cross fit! * parkour!* hiking, running, walking. (work on duration, your time, breathing)* yoga# education/humanities:* meditation* reading* writing* online classes* online communities, search :anywhere usa, subject, calendar, events#ANYTHING ELSE!, OP#TLDR, it's not what but how. financial constraint is awesome, and I owe a lot of my success to being poor and hungry. allow financial constraints to guide your decisions, and use it as a tool to clarify what the question is. the arts thrive within focussed decisions, and very few artists do that better than fashion designers, actually. money is not as important as time, and that doesnt change even when youre rich.best rules I learned in college:* look it up for free on the internet.* associated opportunity cost, means 'if this, then not that'.* KISS, keep it simple, stupid.* stop thinking, start doing. if you delay, eventually the disparity between your conceived idea, and your creative impulses for doing it will be irreconcilable. Everything changes with experimentation. start now!I know no one will read this, I'm reading this because I needed to school myself, and be a little bit ashamed
On full moons they usually have drum circles by the beach those are pretty cool 
The library. You get access to a lot of free shit: internet, books, cds, movies, and even games.Also, gaming can be cheap. But only if you like video games. There are a lot of cheap games you can buy on Steam or just wait a couple months until the price drops, which it always does. Some games, like the Witcher 3, elder scroll series, fallout, have like 500 hours you can get from but again...only if you like gaming. I sub to 1 mmo and for 15 bucks a month I save a lot of money. Also, Netflix...tons of shit to watch if you're into shows and movies. 
Magic The Gathering.....you were asking what hobbies make you poor, right?
Rock collecting. No rare types or volcanic glass or geodes or whatever...just rocks.
Running. With $15 sneakers from a thrift shop you can go pretty far. It's deceptively challenging to form a good habit with running so start off easy on yourself and know it's a marathon, not a sprint :) Starting off with 10 minutes a day, 6 days a week, is all you need. The next week, do 15 minutes a day. Do this for a month and most people become addicted. I used this plan to ramp up to 80 min per day, 6:30 pace. Add 5 minutes for 3 weeks (10, 15, 20) then down one for 1 week (15), then up 3 again (20, 25, 30), down again (25), and so on. Take Sundays off. At some point, upgrade to a better pair of sneakers if you can, and if you can't, save up. They say runners should try and replace sneakers every 300 miles, but, throughout history runners have accomplished great things in leather sneakers or no sneakers at all. Running is about the habit, not the gear, and is an incredible way to explore your mind and body limits.
People watching.  Just sit in a public place and create stories for peoples interactions with one another.  And remember, there's a fine line between people watching and peeping. 
Trying to guess the size of objects and then measuring them. Try to see how close you get
[Gold Panning,](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gold_panning) if you live in a Mountain state. A plastic gold pan is about $7 and a garden trowel is like $2. Go find a river that comes out of the mountains and just sift through shovelfuls of riverbed and literally *see what pans out*.You're probably not going to find high-value nuggets but you can pull out some decent placer deposits, the occasional gemstone, and sometimes artifacts like old coins. Gold is currently at about $1200/oz and a lot of WE BUY GOLD places and jewelers will buy placer gold from you at the gram price (~$40) without any kind of refining because it's raw, pure gold. It's outdoors, it's relaxing, it's pretty solitary, and it can fund itself or even net you a profit. A good friend of mine sells his raw gold to a local jeweler and then uses the money to buy better equipment like sluice boxes and screens.I pulled [this](http://imgur.com/yWFowBo) lil guy out of a river in the middle of Denver with nothing more than a shovel and a pan.  
Emulation gaming. You can get a Raspberry Pi 3 for about $30, add in a controller and an SD card for storage, and you're still well below the $100 limit. In exchange for that initial startup cost, you will gain a lifetime - LITERALLY A LIFETIME'S WORTH - of gaming. Seriously, you could buy this one setup, and never buy any new games ever again for as long as you are alive, and you would die of old age before you finished getting through the *good* games. And that's not counting how there are bound to be better and better Pi's over time, which will mean that occasionaly you'll be able to upgrade your Pi to whatever came out last and get yourself another 2-3 systems added to your playable library. Literally, the rabbit hole goes however deep you'd like it to. 
Those weirdos on the beach with metal detectors 
Drinking a 40 on your porch
Yes yes yes!! You don't even have to buy the books. It always surprises me how few people I see at the actual library.You can borrow books *for free*. And when you're done you can borrow *more books!*
Just be sure your favorite read isn't college textbooks.
Charity shops are fantastic for finding books.
Day hiking, yes. Any other longer type of hiking, no. It gets very expensive very fast. 
I live in Shropshire (rural area of England, next to Wales). It's a fantastic place to hike or go for long walks - the county is basically surrounded by hills and if you want a little extra challenge then the Welsh mountains are only a little way away. 
+ mushroom picking! Depending on where you live you can make a decent amount of money, or just eat them! But be careful! We used to hike around when I was young looking for mushrooms to sell, could make $10 an hour if you have a trained eye
So many hiking areas near the hood
I was hoping someone had already said this! It's time consuming, yes, but it's also sort of therapeutic. I'm getting into the swing of baking sourdough, although I'm trying to find the right balance of feeding it to minimize waste. Hours of reading also go in to supplementing building on one's skill. If ANYONE is interested, I have a recipe of my own that I tried to make easy to follow.
Also, you can start one of those friendship bread cultures. If I remember right, it's like infinite bread starter if you keep feeding it a little sugar.
heats your houseUgh, pass. 41 degrees C today,43 forecast tomorrow.  Got anything you can cook in a giant fridge?
That is exactly what quite a few vintage clothing stores do unfortunately.  I did the carpentry work for one that is in a hipster artsy area.  The owner took my crew out for drinks when we finished and she got a little tipsy and told me that's what she did.  She would by items for less than $10 and sell them for hundreds.Edit: She told me that she found vintage items at goodwill and similar places and asked me to keep that a secret.  She was worried about her clients finding out.  The clothes in her shop were being represented as High End and Curated Vintage Wear and she said if her clients found out where she was getting them from, they wouldn't shop there anymore.  They were being marked up to crazy prices for used, dirty, unwashed clothes.  The only thing they would do is use a steamer to get the wrinkles out.  This is when the vintage fad began and it may be common knowledge now that all vintage shops operate in this manner but years ago she had to keep secret the fact that they were just value village clothes.  The unfortunate thing is the misrepresentation to the customer.  If you're proud of where you source your clothes from, you don't have to lie.  
Even better if you have a hipster vintage clothes store in your town. Go in, ask to talk to the purchasing manager, ask them what they're looking for. Make a list and hit the thrift store. You won't turn over all of it; they'll probably turn some stuff down just because they can. Still you stand to profit a little. 
A guy I work with does this part time. He says if he quit his job and did it full time, with his connections to storage units and yard sale know how, he could make as much money as he does now. 
Wow your fletching and woodcutting must be pretty high
To touch on this, there is a youtube channel for a guy called Backyard Bowyer who makes bows out of PVC piping.  You can make an entire bow extremely cheap with his guides and they are high quality, last long, and you can make them pretty high poundage.  Aside from the PVC pipes and a few tools to cut/shape you need some kind of heat gun to heat the pipes.  PVC pipe bows you can find on sites like Etsy for sale, anywhere from $60-$200 I've seen but very cheap to make.  I have a #50 PVC bow and it shoots great.
you killed a tree?
I second the harmonica. 30$ will get you the industry standard Hohner Special 20 or the Marine Band. It's rather intuitive and lots of fun. The cool thing is that you get the instrument that all your heros play(ed) as well. Bob Dylan, Neil Young, etc probably all play(ed) that Hohner. EDIT: Just as proof because I was curious: [Here's a picture of Bob Dylan with a Marine Band,](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/3/33/Joan_Baez_Bob_Dylan.jpg) and [here's a video of Neil Young mentioning he's using a Marine Band and playing Heart of Gold in 1971.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Eh44QPT1mPE) EDIT 2: In case you want to hear and see Bob Dylan play it: [Mr: Tambourine Man Live at Newport 1964.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OeP4FFr88SQ)
Recently I've been thinking about learning the harmonica, but I currently live in a dorm. In your experience, is it too loud for such an environment?
This is a brilliant answer. You have to spend money on food anyway and it's cheaper and more healthy to eat at home vs eating out.
I've learned to really love cooking. It's fun to pretend I'm hosting my own cooking show with my cat, the lazy sou chef.
When I decided I wanted to go back to Europe a few years ago, I knew I'd have to cut back on expenses to save up. I convinced my workplace to buy me a rice cooker and slow cooker to use in the office, and I planned to make meals before work, to be ready in time for a late lunch. The first test was dumping a prepacked, seasoned roast into the slow cooker to see if it would work. When I got into the kitchen at 12:30 there was a cluster of coworkers standing around it licking their lips. I shared it out with all of them and we ate together. Some paid me a couple of bucks as thanks. From then on, I put a list up on cooking days and charged people whatever the per person cost of the meal was. Eventually my coworkers (this was a marketing firm, after all) insisted I start charging $5 per head. Combining the profit with me buying as many of my ingredients on sale meant I not only ate for free, I made about $25-40 per meal. Added bonus: I got to know my coworkers a lot better through the communal meals, and when I did finally quit to go travelling, they sent me off with a pot luck lunch. We all cooked for you for a change.
Yes! You don't need expensive ingredients or fancy cookware to get really good at the basics. 
Well... it kind of depends on what you mean by poor.Certain levels of poor and you have to cook of course, but your options are extremely limited, find a lot of ways to make potatoes.And that's assuming you have the time and aren't working two jobs or 60+ hrs a week.
I'm really amazed this is so far down. I have so many sketchbooks, from more expensive ones to literal dollar store bound paper, and have been drawing on and off for years. I'm garbage at it but it was the first thing that came to mind for me
Everyone who are good at drawing are good because we practiced. True, some have more innate skills than others, but no-one are born drawing like da Vinci, it is an acquired skill, and everyone evolves at a different pace.
Regular practice and pushing your comfort zone is honestly the key to getting better at drawing. If you look at certain webcomics that span multiple years, you can see the art evolution (so long as they actually *push their comfort zone, which is important*). Actually, that sort of applies to any skill, now that I think about it. 
r/artfundamentals
> holeI can't pinpoint what about that adds to the accuracy of your statement, but I can only say that it totally does.
Is this a Tim Horton's ad?
And if you want to feel rich for a day, you can go into the Starbucks instead! In some areas of Toronto the Starbucks are actually more convenient.
Plus there's a podcast for everything!
No shorts or shirt needed?
This is  why there are so many star-basketball players from low income neighborhoods, they just spent a lot of their time on the court in their youth 
I tried origami but I have the dexterity and fine motor skills of a gorilla with Parkinson's, so I tend to get fed up and give in.
Those books can get pricey though
A set of gaming dice is like $5-$10, very cheap.That being said, everybody sharing one set of rule books is a pain in the ass.
Tabletop games in general.  Buying them is expensive, but most decently sized cities have meetups and most game stores have demo copies of a lot of their games.  You can just go, hang out, and play games with people.
so stalking? 
I was seeing this one girl for a while. Then, someone stole the binoculars out of my truck.
Have to factor in the cost of weed
yeah and then you get hooked and you're driving to a bunch of courses, picking up bags worth of discs, playing in leagues and tournaments and then buying more discs, barrels of whale cum and a basket.
Congrats Reddit for hugging the site to death 
It's certainly dirt-cheap.
Isn't that a boss in Zelda 
What sorcery is this?!
So a Erthknurl
[ ](/icametowritefanfics)Writing short stories can be a lot of fun. There's definitely a learning curve to it though. You have to remember how all the fancy grammar-stuff you ignored during high school works.  
To add to this, if you have trouble writing a good story or making good characters, I have found that simply filling out DnD Character Sheets for your main characters really lets you cement their motivations, talents, and drawbacks in a way your brain will be able to handle. This way you can go what would Dave do in this situation... and look at the Sheet and go oh, he isn't too dexterous but he is smart so he would make the plan, and have someone else carry it out. I should also keep in mind his extreme money based motivation, as well as him being chaotic neutral, which would mean that he should try to make out with the loot all himself, etc...
/r/WorldBuilding is fantastic. 
Writing fanfiction is how I got a wife!Edit:I write Saints Row fanfiction. I wanted to write some kinky sex between Johnny Gat and my female boss but I'm the type of person that when writing can't jump straight to sex unless there's background, buildup and all that jazz, so I had to do a whole backstory and all that just to write some kinky sex.One day I get a random message all in caps about how good my story is, which I'm just like ???? it's not that great but I thank the person and start checking out their tumblr. We talk a bit every so often, and then she posts a video of her singing Bad Romance. First time I've ever seen her and holy shit, she's hot as shit and built like an amazon goddess but she's completely out of my league, so I do nothing.Then one day, I get a message that's nothing but her phone number and I'm just all !!!!. Turns out she had drunkenly sent it to me and didn't remember doing it but it leads to us talking and getting to know each other. Next thing I know, I'm visiting her in hot as balls Tucson and she's visiting me in Philly and then I'm proposing to her because gods be damned does she make my heart sing and she's like my puzzle piece the way we fit together.And that's how writing a whole series just so I could write porn got me a wife.
well, at this point even walking can be hobby :PActually let's just breathe, all you you need is a nose!
Anyone considering running any significant distance should consider good shoes though.  You don't have to spend a fortune, but running in $12 Wal-Mart sneakers will lead to back pain and knee pain.Troll clearance racks at running stores.  On the other hand, $100 on shoes once or twice a year is cheaper than chronic pain.
Shoes get expensive when you actually run frequently.  Need to buy atleast two pair a year
The word safe should be in your sentence.  
Duolingo is free and good. I'm learning Russian right now with it.
I started learning Mandarin about a week and a half ago. I'm enjoying it so far. The seemingly endless resources online are a big help. This week I got into watching Chinese TV shows on YouTube just for the conversational auditory input side of learning. I feel like this is something I could stick with. I started because I had to drop out of college and felt a need to continue learning. Learning a new language is definitely a great way to fill time imo. 
They're minerals! 
I have never thought of Geocaching as a poor person hobby. 
Depression. 
I haven't heard of anyone being born on third base. Can you really get pregnant from mouth stuff?
Now this is a real poor person's hobby
It can quickly become quite expensive if you use porn to do it.  At first you might be able to find good free stuff, but if your tastes are niche those sources will run out quickly.  For me, it's gotten to the point where I can only find good porn by directly paying porn studios to buy the specific rubber duckies I like and make porn with them for me. I'd actually say masturbation has become one of my more expensive hobbies now!
[ ](/sbhappy)I've recently gotten into competitive long-distance masturbation marathons. Currently been going for around 74 hours, a new personal best for myself. It's extremely rewarding, especially around other people. Sometimes when the going gets rough, you'll want to give-up. My friends always keep me going though, one way or another. 
There are some great maths channels on youtube, too. Numberphile is fantastic.
> fishingAs a guy who spends 100+ days out on the water every year fishing, I'm going to say that this isn't a cheap hobby. Nor will it save or make you money.
Plus, If you get really good at it, you won't remain poor ;) 
Plus, it can actually *make* you money, depending on your luck.
And water, so all of us Californians are out.
I recently picked this up as a hobby and I have to admit, its a heck of a lot more time consuming than I initially thought.
Mom?
That's the whole point of this thread, we were trying to find a gentle way to break it to you.
Everyone has paper and pencils. Dice are good to have but you can get away with a free app. The PHB is recommended but you can skip out on that too if you get the free rules. Enough to get you into the game and provide hours of fun. So essentially, you can literally start playing for the price of some paper and pencils.
The secret ingredient. 
Added bonuses...you get to be outside, if you grow food you eat better.
You have to own a house or land to do it, right? I wouldn't necessarily call that cheap 
I was only born with two balls :(
I second crafting. Knitting, crochet, cross stitch... You can get the basics - yarn and a pair of needles / crochet hook or a cross stitch kit - for less than $10 or $20. With the plethora of sites, YouTube channels, and subreddits dedicated to them, there's no end to the tips one can pick up. I do all three and I'm as broke as a toothpick in a truck stop parking lot after the dinner rush. The repetitive motions are a great meditation, so I have the added bonus of stress relief. Also whether it's a skinny scarf or a stitched puppy, when you're done you have something to show for your time. I've never sold any pieces, though, I usually use them for birthday/holiday gifts. 
Working a paying job is an even more frugal hobby. 
It makes me depressed that I have two guitars, several books, the internet, etc and I can't even motive myself to learn guitar. Meanwhile Blind Johnny Two-Fingers the Cripple with Leprosy Johnson taught himself how to play guitar on a bean can and 12 inches of string in 1922.
Having fun isn't hard when you've got a library card 
Just keep in mind that what you see on Extreme Couponing is fake BS where they play fast and loose with the coupon rules.  Not that you should take *any* reality show at face value.
Christmas tradition
Don't forget seizing the means of production.
Molotov cocktails don't fill themselves.
FULLY
Knitter here. Would like to say that knitting CAN be a cheap hobby or it can be an expensive hobby. I think $10 a skein yarn is expensive - it can go for $40 at local yarn stores and through hand spinners. Use coupons, sales, and value yarns to get the best bang for your buck. 
Man, I'm already depressed enough. I'm barely squeaking by with one job, but if I ever *have* to get a second job just to exist, I'm done. There wouldn't be a point anymore. I don't want to wake up to just work all the time.
Nice try, math teacher
> I now have three cups.This line is brilliant!
Somehow people tend to think of video games as expensive because the console costs a few hundred (and PCs can get much higher than that) and the games are about 50 or so each. On the other hand, if you pick up a game like skyrim that you can play for hundreds of hours, that comes out to being dirt cheap in terms of cost per hour. 
> You can literally do anything with this machine.can you make a girlfriend
To be fair, the Pi isn't very useful without an HDMI display and cable, and a keyboard.  
tell me more.
Oh, man. College towns. Go to a college town during the week that the semester ends. You can get a TON of amazing stuff, most of it sitting outside the dumpsters. I haven't done this in 15 years, but I still have a very nice coffee table that I picked up out of a dumpster back in my poor days. Can I afford a new one? Sure, lots of them. But, I love that one so much because of where it came from. That, and a great office chair have lasted me 15 years, and I pulled them straight out of the trash.
omg that's a real sub. That's...kinda sad.
Not always free though.
You'd probably be slightly less poor if you stopped doing those things, just saying. But, I definitely understand wanting the escape. 
I don't think I could throw a disc that weighs a ton
Hey, I happen to be one of those weirdos on the beach with a metal detector, except not on the beach. And I don't have a metal detector.
*... for free!*
You don't need a measure of treasure to fly -  To sporting success on a broom in the sky...  To Eros alone in the sight of the stars...  To space on a ship that's intended for Mars.You don't need a mountain of money to go -  Where Peter and Susan await in the snow...  Where planets contend and defend for a spice...  Where Alice adventures with Hatters and mice. You don't need a wallet of wealth and of worth -  To start on a journey across Middle-Earth...  To fight in the night with your sword and your steed.  You don't need a fund or a fortune to *read.*
*Having fun isn't hard, when you have a library card!* 
Many libraries have music, movies and comic books too! Some libraries have online lending of a lot of their media. 
And there are more public libraries than McDonalds in the United States! There is bound to be one close to you.
If you want ebooks, get some of that sweet Overdrive goodness. It's *amazing*.
> It always surprises me how few people I see at the actual library.The libraries in my city are pretty busy. People like a free place to stay that's warm with internet access.
Also libraries
Just don't go to /r/Ultralight
That makes it a great poor person hobby! Cause once you start, you will certainly be poor!
It doesn't have to. The great walks all over the planet were completed for decades by men and women using gear you can get for less than $100 total at any military surplus store. 
Do you have any pictures you can share? I started growing fond of hiking because of some cool sceneries you can see. The best thing is I'm not fit so hiking is a win-win situation for me. *cue leg muscles crying*
Bonus, if they bruise blue -- it may be your ticket to a lazy afternoon:)
Who do you sell them to?
Id say that comes with a caveat. Its cheap to do when you have family or friends who are experienced in the area. But, if you dont have those connections, you'll need to spend a bit of money either on lessons/a guide or a guidebook.
Haha, shitty neighborhoods have the creepiest places to wander around - train tracks, creeks, abandoned places :p
Is the recipe for sourdough? I'd be interested, never tried it.
Sourdough starters are nothing but flour and water. My pet lives on top of the fridge. I feed it twice a day and in return it gives me the best bread, pizza, waffles, and pancakes ever.
Hipsters are paying her to avoid the shame of being seen in a thrift store. 
Why is that unfortunate?A few years ago I met a guy at Goodwill that was scanning books with his phone and buying the ones that had a higher value on eBay (or maybe Half, I forget). He wrote the software himself and was upgrading it so that he could take a picture of the whole bookshelf and then let it recognize the titles on the spines and do the queries while he sat there waiting.So I guess that's two cheap hobbies - software development and buying and selling.
I've done this a couple of times. American vintage has a pretty nice market outside of the states if you know what you're looking for. Hell you can pull off selling 90s sports tees for 80$+ especially if their wwf or racing related if you're selling to the right audience.
It's not really  unfortunate at all. Most Goodwill stores are always full so this just frees up more space and helps inject more money, helping the stores expand.
So... Like a side quest?
Sounds like a show on history channel 
selling yew 1k gp.
found my people
I'll definitely check that out. Always looking for new things to clutter up the kitchen/workshop.
If you're going to use the fiber glass rods wear gloves that you expect to throw away after. Fiber glass splinters are not nice.
I kill a lot of trees. I plant a lot of trees too, they grow back pretty quick.Seriously though, most trees I cut for bows are very young with the exception of Yew but we don't have that here. Also half the trees I use are considered weeds like this [osage orange tree](http://imgur.com/P9Wblmp) which grew from a stump after the owners stopped cleaning their fence lines.
Even now, $30-$40 can get you a whole case of cheap ones. I got a seven pack in a nice case for like 30 on sale once. And once you're ready to upgrade, you've got somewhere to put them.
Not really, it doesn't get too obnoxious unless you REALLY get into it and blow like a 2 cent whore. It all depends on how loud you wanna play. Playing at a reasonable volume is no problem. 
As a poor person I have *no* idea how people can 'afford' to eat out and still claim to be poor at all.
I want to watch this show
That's so sweet. :)
That's amazing
The smell can be maddening if you have a slow cooker in the office, and slow-cooked food tastes awesome. 
But it's more fun if you have them.
If you really want to get into art, painting can be affordable too. Hear me out. Go to home depot, get cans of mismatched paint (warms, cools, black, and white), get cheap brushes, and have them cut luan plywood into whatever side e.g. 4'x4', 4'x3', whatever. <$50Acrylic house paint has the same binders and pigment as the expensive stuff (Except for cobalt and cadmium, but that shit's radioactive anyway). Just use exterior acrylic paint. Forget ghesso, buy a can of paint and primer. Paint on any eighth-inch lumber you want.Save your yogurt and sour cream containers for mixing paint. You can also get a porcelain painting tray for pretty cheap if you want to mix a little more on the fly. Cut the front quarter out of a milk jug for your water, and get any kind of spray bottle for water. For cleanup, just use water, and a bar of Dove soap.When you're done with a painting, take it to any frame shop, and ask them to put a cradle and hanging wire on it. If you want it to be more complete, get a small thing of Liquitex Soluvar Varnish (YouTube is your friend), and varnish your piece.
I used to have no respect for the kids who would sit at the back of class drawing DBZ characters in their books all through high school.  In hindsight though, 5 years of daily drawing practice  would be a pretty sweet thing to have under your belt. 
I can't draw! - Hyperbole and a Half. I can only draw stick figures! - XKCD. You don't need to be good. You just need to draw.
http://i.imgur.com/TSRXEzU.jpgLeft was done in 2013, right was done in 2017. Left was finished, right is rough and I'll probably spend another 6-8 hours on it. This is the difference four years, dozens of hours of practice, and a lot of sketchbooks filled with shitty drawings makes. I mostly stopped drawing for about two years and only recently started back up, so this is more like two years' hard practice. It's not impossible to go from shitty to good. You've just got to put the work into it. 
Talent is just pursued interest. - Bob Ross
I believe in Canada they're technically known as Timbit Days.
Yes, Timmy's wants all the poor people to spend all day at their stores, using wifi without buying anything.
I've been steadily listening to podcasts for the last 3 years, and learned more from this format than any other kind of media. Not only are they enjoyable, but they make learning fun. It sounds cliche, but history has never been more interesting listening to Dan Carlin, or Abel James on healthy eating, or Daniele Bolelli on philosophy and life. There really is something for everyone. Find a topic, then a good host, and you're laughing. Free information. 
Shirt is definitely optional in a lot of places
Nah, it's not anything fancy like a *restaurant.*
And the same reason you don't see nearly as many people rise up from tough circumstances in sports like swimming, golf, or hockey. Those sports are expensive to practice and require a much higher investment from parents. 
Shootin' some b-ball outside the school?
Perfect fingernails help (but you can also use a fairly dull table knife or letter opener). I learned to do the origami crane as a young child (probably to keep me quiet in church), so if I already know how to do a certain item, my muscle memory takes over. The easiest way to learn is to sit next to a person and have them go through the folds one by one. It is far easier than sitting across from someone.If you like the look of origami, you might like to do some simple kirigami. Start by searching Chinese paper lantern and see what you find. I like the look of the lanterns suspended from high places. They add a dash of color and aren't terrible dust collectors. If the color fades, it is easy to make new ones. Dollar Store wrapping paper can be another cheap source of supplies. Just use sharp scissors for the cuts. If you mess it up, it's a cheap experiment.
Most of the books for D&D can be found online as free pdfs.
You're not wrong, they *can* get pricey.  We usually just bought one book and shared it.
Bet you could find homemade ones on the internet you could print off.
Lazy stalking, where you don't bother following people who move away.
Without the donuts and night vision goggles so a poor person's stalking.
People watching isn't stalking.
Probably more of watching how people interact, give certain social cues, etc. 
I've played many times without weed. High and sober disc golf have their pros and cons :p
But it was cheap as long as you let it.  I played with one disc for the first 3 years. 
[Here's a cached page.](http://cc.bingj.com/cache.aspx?d=4843771255062820&mkt=en-US&setlang=en-US&w=jM-wwGbxBxiasQ6juCyRmctgrq9hkHSV)
Worked for me. 
Dodongo
Basically you use dirt and you make it into a ball that is ultra sooth and cool looking. Interesting video of the potential of it here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HqAfzcJurMM
[](/twipride) I've actually written [a sci-fi adventure and lesbian romance novel,](https://www.inkitt.com/stories/scifi/82189?ref=a_e3abe449-bdfa-44f7-b6ae-db441aa43b1a) which proved to be an ordeal in some ways but was incredibly rewarding as well. I don't know if I'm quite good enough to get professionally published, but I feel that I'm progressing.Of course before the novel there were numerous short stories, a novella, a weird horror comedy screenplay, play-by-post roleplaying, etc. I definitely would not recommend jumping straight into a massive project. Just outlining my novel took me two months!
While formal education helps, a lot of grammar is learned through pattern recognition in native speakers- people who read a lot can usually detect when something sounds off even if they can't recall the exact rule
Found the D&D player that brings 30 pages of character back story. You're my hero. 
r/writing (General purpose writing sub)r/writingprompts (User submitted prompts)r/books (The best writers are readers)r/nanowrimo (Month long novel challenge with good resources for anytime)r/fantasywriters (Self-explanatory)r/writeresearch (It has been trying to get off the ground and has been a bit stagnant of late.)r/destructivereaders (Not for the faint of heart, but I have learned from reading others stories and seeing the criticism)r/fantasy (For fantasy readers and writers.)r/characterforge (How to build a character)Now quit browsing Reddit and write.
What is hiking but walking in the woods?
r/meditation, r/buddhism
If you want to learn russian, I recommend CSGO.
God damn it Marie!
Jesus Christ, Marie. 
Used to be the opposite. My dad and I used to go back when handheld GPS wasn't a normal thing to have. There was no backlight and it was basic as it gets, but it was also really expensive.  It was a luxury a lot of people couldn't afford.  
It's hiking with an occasional goal.
I'm a pro at both. 
Coupled with a heroin addiction, it can lead to hours of fun 
If you spit in the right place I guess.
One girl did, yes. She had swallowed and then got stabbed in the abdomen. The cuts allowed the semen to drop from her stomach throughout her body. The ovaries aren't actually attached to the Fallopian tubes, eggs just sort of float their way over, so the semen managed to find an egg. I don't remember past that. The more interesting part is that she was born without a vaginal opening, so she was incapable of having sex or getting pregnant in the normal way. Edit: [Adding in a source.](http://abcnews.go.com/Health/Wellness/teen-girl-vagina-pregnant-sperm-survival-oral-sex/story?id=9732562)
Knew the username before I finished reading the post roflmao
Ever considered doing an AMA at one point?
You... You are an interesting person. Keep doing what you do, I'm sure it'll be the next big thing in porn.
I cant tell if this means you havent masturbated for 74 hours or you've been constantly masturbating for 74 hours. 
It's important to note though that if you actually want to learn some math then you'd be best getting a big old textbook and working through it. Numberphile (and Computerphile - the computer science equivalent) definitely have some interesting videos though!
Numerphile isn't good for actually learning much math, it's more just for inspiring curiosity about some math related topics.That doesn't mean it's not worthwhile! Numberphile and Computerphile are both *really awesome* channels, and they'll introduce you to things that you may be more interested in. They usually just scrape the surface without getting too in depth. If you have a math/computer background (or are trying to develop it), then go to Wikipedia or Google and dig deeper! 
Or even slightly good
Depending on where you live. Thieving licenses are pretty expensive in my county.
Depending on how unlucky you are it can also free up a lot of your time ;)
It has been raining like crazy lately
Use ocean water, it's not like you eat paper mache.
Look at this rich guy over here with a _mom_
We did it Reddit !
There are community gardens in most cities. 
So not fair, I was born with 0 balls 
I was in your shoes a couple years ago, house full of instruments and me full of suck.  Someone recommended Rocksmith, and in no time I was having fun playing.  With no other recent instruction and just the game, I've become a decent bass player.  Works for bass or guitar.  It's full of lessons and technique games, but the real fun part is that it teaches you songs, real songs that you play along to and it scores you.It's hard to explain.  Here's Audrey's story:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qpeDWRu1ZvQNot a risky click I promise.
What are you talking about people fall in true love on The Bachelor all the time! 
I haven't seen those shows but I used to work at a grocery store and we'd have customers come through with a bunch of stuff and end up getting money back from the store. It's witchcraft or some shit.
AUTOMATED
Yeah, pretty sure civ5 has cost me less than 0.01 per hour or something
You can stick your dick in anything if you're brave enough.
*glares at pi with anticipation*
It's pretty easy. Just need to get yourself a metal bucket and surround it with something that insulates like sand. Put a metal pipe in it, cellotape a hairdryer to a cardboard tube and slot the cardboard tube into the metal pipe. This means the fire will get lots of oxygen and you can cover the top with bricks to keep the heat in.Then fill the bucket with charcoal and use something that's stainless steel as a crucible. This foundry will easily melt metals like lead, aluminium and if you're lucky, copper. There is a chance it will get hot enough to melt steel so you might need to get a graphite crucible.Watch out that the bucket isn't galvanised steel since Zinc fumes aren't the nicest thing to be breathing in.Check out r/metalworking and r/blacksmith.
They also justify it so they do no wrong
Builds muscle
#FREE
9.5 years on reddit and this is hands down the highlight of it for me
 It's always a soft delight to come across one of your poems. You make them look effortless, although I can't imagine the years of practice that have gone into it. I often wonder what you do or did for a job. The story I tell myself is that you're an early-retired woman who worked as a librarian or school teacher - an occupation that encourages others to read, anyways. No need to spoil the surprise, but thanks for what by now must literally be the millions of smiles!
*I was****JEKYLL JEKYLL HYDE JEKYLL HYDE HYDE JEKYLL******JEKYLL JEKYLL HYDE JEKYLL HYDE***
Every single time reddit mentions libraries my heart sings! Please use your libraries, we depend on patrons to stay open and prove our worth. 
You should also ask the information desk what is offered. You might be amazed. My local library offers computers that have Adobe CC, a green screen/recording studio, genealogy department, access to Lynda.com (from home). I was truly shocked when I walked into the library when I moved to my current county.
Mine even does video games. I rented their flight simulator at least ten times as a kid. Last time I was there (2014ish) they still were renting out all of their N64 and Gamecube games. Libraries are pretty awesome when people actually go in and check it out.
Yess my local library has an app you can download to your nook/kindle/tablet and borrow ebooks!
Holy shit that's surprising.
Yeah, I feel like a jerk for saying it, but I'd probably go to my local library more if it wasn't such a hot spot for homeless people. 
*goes immediately*
Bro, do you even cuben fiber?
Subreddit confirmed wavy
Shit, I had $400 in my pocket 5 minutes ago and now I've got a 9.3 gram 2-person tent.
I used to live in Shropshire for a couple of years.Went for walks with my mum a lot [here](https://www.google.de/search?q=carding+mill+valley&biw=1920&bih=950&source=lnms&tbm=isch&sa=X&ved=0ahUKEwjxl-bjvYjSAhXMuBQKHem4DtoQ_AUIBigB).Absolutely beautiful
No offense but thats a terrible mnemonic lol. There are so many fungi that will kill you or upset your stomach that bruise blue.
You have to be careful though. Isn't there a species which looks quite similar to magic mushrooms but is poisonous?
Put them in a zip-loc bag and sell them to stupid highschoolers.
This was years ago in Canada. We would sell them at a small local market 
if you can provide a large enough amount restaurants would be willing to buy them
Yeah we bought a guidebook for $10, not too hard to get the hang of
And the homeless ruin all of those places
You have to get a starter going. Take half a cup of flour and a quarter cup of water. Mix, put it in a bowl, and set it on the counter. 12 hours later, double it. From here on out, every 12 hours throw half of it away and replenish it. After a few days it will just bubble out of the bowl. Cut and feed one more time, throw it in the fridge (loosely covered) and do the cut and feed thing weekly. You can obviously make more/less starter. 1c starter = 1 packet of yeast for most recipes. Long cold fermentations are your friend. 
Care to explain in detail how you created it, and how you maintain it?
They are like pets. Mine is Breadpool. He's going on 2 years old. Quite young by starter standards but he's a hearty one and makes awesome bread!
They pay her because she took all of the good stuff and because they don't want to wade through poor people smells.
Are hipsters ashamed of thrift stores? I get called a hipster by my friends because I go to them...
Nah. Mostly paying her to neatly separate the actual trash from the good stuff, clean wash and repair any clothes she buys, and then actually organize the clothes by their size. If an average Joe tried to find a nice item at a thrift store it could take a few hours of shopping around; for some people that's worth it, for others they'd rather just have someone shop for them
psh what hipsters care about that? in college we all take pride in being broke 
Guy was a genius. Honestly people underestimate how far programming will take you. Entry level job managing a bunch of files or something? automate it with a py script. now you have more time to do nothing or more time to get that promotion.
I was shocked to see that outside of North America, you can't find the cheap vintage we have. European tourists sometimes bring an extra suitcase and just stuff it with vintage when they come to the USA. In Cape Town I saw lots of US Vintage being sold for big bucks.
Cyan:wave2:buying gf
Yew trees... yew trees....   Selling 1k yew logs!!  Red:wave2: Selling 1k Yew logs 200k!  Thank you for nostalgia guy
> I got a seven pack in a nice case for like 30 on sale once. In case anyone's wondering why you'd need seven harmonicas of the same build, they are all in different keys. You will need a harmonica of a different key depending on what you're playing along to. (If you're planning on jamming with people, if you're by yourself, it doesn't matter.) The standard key to start out with is C.EDIT: That is a very good deal, btw. I'm jealous.
They're poor because they always eat out probablyEdit: its a fucking joke people
I guess it depends on the country you're living in. I live in Malaysia and eating out is super cheap. Used to live in Pakistan where food was so cheap you felt like you were getting it for free (although hygiene was definitely an issue).  My parents used to try to convince me to learn to cook when I was living in an apartment in Lahore, but the outside food was so damn cheap I never learned.   
A lot of times that's a time issue, especially for people working with kids, or who don't have a car (commuting by public transit is hard lots of places). Or it's a resources issue - low storage capacity in small apartments, or broken fridge they can't get fixed, can only purchase what to can carry a couple of miles on foot or on the bus, that kind of thing.
You may enjoy [this](https://youtu.be/cofNVuXgjsA), then.I love that cat, I'm so jealous.
It was, and it snuck up on me. I really enjoyed the cooking where before it was just a necessity. And it got me friendly with coworkers I wouldn't have interacted with much. The fact that I got paid for it was just - to use a themed pun - gravy.
I had on en terrible painting experience when I was younger. [I mostly draw](http://m.imgur.com/a/o0fvv) but recently my family moved so lost my old job and decided to exploit my skill to make money. Someone I was making a portrait for wanted a mural and i tried the brush one more time. Ended up making my own mural business and honestly making more now than with my old retail job
I used to be one those kids in high school, but because I noticed the weird looks people give me I stopped doing it.Sad part is, I was getting more into drawing through those DBZ characters. I would look up tutorials on how to draw eyes. I would watch videos of people giving great insights into becoming a better artist. Then, I stopped. Now, when I think back to those times, I feel regret. Regret that I cared about people's opinions, fuck people. 
Because they don't have enough of that already
Would you recommend any good podcasts? I know that's a broad question so maybe some based around self improvement, traveling the world, maybe even some educational ones but the kind that won't immediately put you to sleep.
Depends on what team you are on.
I dont think i wanna play against someone who has their wang out
Didn't know hockey was a rich sport. Don't you just go out there on a frozen pond and start playing?EDIT: Looks like the times have changed, I feel fortunate to have been able to team play with school friends when I was younger with just a $10 stick, skate, and a warm jacket on a small pond. Ah the memories.
FUCK WHAT YOU HEARD
And the basic stuff for DnD 5e was released for free by WoTC itself. Plus, you have the D20 and Pathfinder System Reference documents for free as well. That's not counting all the fan-made or free-to-play rpgs that people also make up for a hobby. The only thing you really need for RPGs is imagination and a randomizer, and sometimes you don't even need that. It's a very fulfilling hobby if you like telling stories and having the characters react like real people!
That's what my friends and I did too actually
You can find the PDF's online for the full books usually. I can't imagine it would be to expensive to take it somewhere to have it printed and bound. To be clear i mean three hole punched and placed in a binder, or something similar.
The apartment above me, for example. The tenants come and go but my voyeurism remains the same. 
Stalking without donuts is not something I want to be a part of.
Respectively.High = ProSober = Con
>I've played many times without weed.boring_person
But how did you manage to play without the barrels of whale cum? 
Reddit is balls deep into this site. *And it's no longer working*
Some truly awful books have been published AND have been made into movies. I believe in you! Whats the worst that could happen?!?
>Definitely would not recommend jumping straight into a massive project. [ ](/scootasaywhat) I've known a few people who started stories they planned on being 200-300k words. Then they get 50k words in and realize everything they wrote was garbage. Definitely better to start small.[](/sp)
Is my baconreader going crazy or is that a fucking purple unicorn at the beginning of your text?
What is walking but standing with velocity?
Cyka. Cyka blyat.
Disregard Marie, acquire minerals.
Us too!  Got a handheld GPS as soon as the gov't turned off the selected whatever thingy that opened up the access.  My kids are in college now, but they were babies when we started doing this.But, it can totally be a poor person hobby as long as the person has a phone that can do it.  The stuff you leave doesn't have to be expensive at all, and you can choose to not leave a gift at all.
just getting back into it, myself.
Sounds like a Greek myth. Did the child burst forth fully grown?
I don't think an AMA makes sense for me right now. I don't have a good enough subject for /r/iama. I would also have to skip a lot of questions so people can't figure out my real identity.My dream is still to start a company selling rubber ducks some day. I think it would make more sense to have an AMA about my experiences after that happens.
Maybe he's been edging for 74 hours?
I think my team would take slightly good at this point. Having to sit through an interview where the person gets stuck on how to transpose a matrix because they don't even understand how to access inner elements of a two-dimensional array.... Yeah.Another one couldn't figure out how to switch the values of two variables.     a = b;    b = a;They couldn't for the life of them figure out why the values were the same at the end.
Are you in Ankh-Morpork? 
Username checks out.
Currently watching the Bachelor. I'll never understand how anyone falls in love when they barely even see the guy. 
What those people do (and what I've done in the past) takes a lot of self-discipline, creative math, and storage space. The trick is to only buy the loss leaders, trade coupons with others, and buy a bunch of shit you don't really need. Bonus points for hitting the store on double coupon day. A lot of the places around here won't give you money back if the coupon exceeds the value of the item, though. CVS is great; no one ever really factors in drugstores on mad couponing. I pulled a fast one once to impress a friend. I want a Coke he says... heh heh. CVS had twelve packs on sale, buy three get some Extra Bucks back, and I had a couple printed coupons from coke rewards for free twelve packs. Got three, two of them for free because I had the coupons, one of them I paid for with some old extrabucks in my wallet. The register then printed five more dollars in exrtabucks. I was like, here's thirty six cokes, you want a snack? His gast was flabbered. 
L U X U R Y
They make stealing sound so easy!I stole an eyeliner pencil from Hot Topic in like 1998 and I *still* feel bad about it.
*Soviet Union anthem intensifies*
#CURRENCY NOT REQUIRED 
>redditor for 9 yearsholy shit
My wife keeps doing this at me. I didn't watch enough Arthur as a child apparently.
My childhood. 
A-A-R-D-V-A-R-K!
I work in a library and get told so often that libraries are going the way of the dinosaur because we can't keep up. I then ask the person the last time they actually went to a library and inevitably it was when they were a kid or in high school.Go to your local library and be amazed at all of the new services that are now being offered. My library is so small that we are lucky to see 15 patrons a day and we still offer ebook checkouts, tablet checkouts, ESL, legal clinics, health clinics, GED classes and so much more! We are more than just books and shushing nowadays.
Makerspaces are becoming very common, a lot of places have 3D printing. My school has an entire building dedicated to providing cheap ways to make things. They have everything from screen printing, to sewing, to 3D printing and they sell all materials at cost.
And encouraging!
You don't have to feel like a jerk for saying that, as long as you realize that they have just as much a right to be there as you do.
what did he *JUST TELL YOU??*
I hike nude only using a sheet of tivek as a sac to hold my water and trailmix
I don't always spend $600 on a tent, but when I do it's to shave off 2 ounces from my base weight.  
Don't inedible boletes bruise blue?
I've heard it said Almost no-one has ever died directly from taking magic mushrooms. A lot of people have died from taking what they thought were magic mushrooms
There are *tons* of species like that -- particularly when people think they've found a (rare) *Psilocybe pelliculosa*... which looks like every LBM to the untrained eye.
For real. Added bonus of doing a good deed by keeping high schoolers away from real drugs.
Really? How do you have the confidence in what you pick? Do you just go for the easily identified ones? (Ive always had interest in foraging but I've mostly stayed away  from mushrooms because I was never confident in my identifications)
The first guy who ever made sourdough: I need some bread. *kneads bread*Hey Greg, are you going to bake your bread? Ugh, I needed it like an hour ago but now I'm too lazy. It's starting to smell. I'll deal with it in the morning. DEAL WITH YOUR BREAD, GREG *greg throws away the smelly bit* It's fine, just leave it for now. *le next day*GREG, BREAD, FUCK *Grew adds some more flour and throws away the smelly bit*No, this is a whole new batch. Fucking hell, Greg, at least put it in the fridge. 
Wait, something's wrong here. You didn't spend 15 paragraphs telling your life story before giving us the instructions.
Proper sourdough shouldn't use packet yeast, regular bread yeast is a strain called Saccharomyces Cerevisiae, while sourdough is largely Candida Milleri, which is a wild yeast which occurs on the flour itself. It's harder to get a starter going (though you can buy pre-cultured sourdough starters) but using pineapple juice rather than water for the first couple of feedings yields good result because its natural acidity is pretty much perfect for the yeast but will kill most competing organisms which may ruin it.
My grandmother has had a sourdough starter she's kept alive and well for over 30 years...
Sure! humans co-evolved with these bacteria for centuries, they're all over the planet so you don't need to do anything special to obtain them.Note: maintaining a starter is easiest with 3 pieces of equipment:- a jar with a lid (i like using 500ml wide mouth mason jars)- a bottle of water (you can use bottled water, but i just fill it with tap water)- a digital scaleTo maintain a starter, just do the following twice a day:- dump most of your starter in the garbage or down the drain (or use it in your baking!) but be sure not to dump it *all* out, just keep a tablespoon or two in the jar- using your scale, add equal parts (by weight) water and flour to the jar. i like to do 60g water and 60g of flour because my bread recipe calls for 100g- the little bit of starter you left in the jar will now eat the fresh flour/water you just put in there- keep a loose-fitting lid on the jar, otherwise fruit flies like getting into itTo actually *start* your starter you do exactly the same thing, but keep the jar in a warm place to encourage growth. It will take around 2 to 10 days before it's usable, but eventually you will start to see it expand a few hours after feeding it, that's how you know you have a culture of yeast. [Here's a picture of mine](https://i.imgur.com/7Jigo38.jpg), they're happy because i fed them this morning (see the air bubbles?), it's about twice as big as when i first fed it.If you forget to feed it, the yeast will get poisoned by the liquor they produce, but if you just keep at your usual feeding schedule, it will go back to normal in a few days.the reason i suggest feeding it with water that you keep in a bottle is because tap water has chlorine, chlorine kills bacteria. but if you keep the water in a bottle, the chlorine will evaporate out.if you cant feed your starter for a few days, you can keep it in the fridge for several weeks without feeding it, the yeast will just go dormant.if you have questions, message me, or check out /r/breaditedit: [here's a recipe](http://www.thekitchn.com/how-to-make-sourdough-bread-224367) (one of many) for sourdough bread. it takes hours (like 15) to make it, but very little of that time actually requires your attention
Haha, mine is the Bread Pirate Roberts!
In a way that is the curation service she's providing. I could go to any goodwill and find Levis and Dockers, but the stuff people hunt for is tougher and who wants to drive across town to 5 goodwills to put together one or two outfits? If she has the eye and the patience to do the digging I don't think this is any secret to be ashamed of. Personally if I had the money I wouldn't mind paying extra knowing someone made my life easier for it (within reason). I had a coworker that bought rolls of used coins from banks and such. They dug through the coins and picked out anything worth additional money. It's pretty brilliant because at worst you break even, excluding your effort. At best you find some silver quarters or wheat pennies. It adds up but I have no idea the avg profit. 
Walnuts, peanuts, poor people smells...grapes, melons, oranges, and coconut shells, ***AW YEAH!***
If you don't wear Walmart cargo shorts and anime t-shirts you're a hipster.
Hipsters = people the speaker doesn't like
Exactly. You could waste hours going to different thrift stores and digging through absolute crap to find one thing that you really like, or you could shop a curated collection of just those nice finds. It's hardly a scam. 
Especially since my goodwill doesn't sort by size, they sort by color.. 
Thanks for the flashbacks 
I remember getting into an argument with a guy who insisted that eating homemade healthy food was way more expensive than eating fast food.His reasoning was that he could go to Burger King and get a burger for $1 whereas of he went to the store to buy everything to make a salad it would cost a lot more than a dollar.I told him that when he breaks down how much food he'd get per dollar, he'd spend less than that $1 per serving.He just brushed it off as bullshit and that I didn't know what I was talking about, ignoring the fact that he was morbidly obese and I had just dropped 40 pounds by changing my eating habits. 
There are definitely places where it is far cheaper to eat out than cook.Hong Kong and Singapore being prime examples.
Fuck you for making me miss Malaysian food!I grew up there and miss being able to get an amazing full meal for the price of a bar chocolate here in the UK.
This is the right answer. And most often people living in poverty don't even have the means to cook for themselves. They'll have just a hot plate or a microwave but no stove or oven. They'll get their groceries from the convenience store where it's more expensive because they don't have a car or the time to walk elsewhere. It's a lot more expensive to be poor than it is to be middle class because they live on a day-by-day basis. This makes it very difficult to save money and work your way out of poverty especially if you have children or live in a bad neighborhood. 
It's never too late!  Start again now!(That was meant to be encouraging, not domineering.)
Sure, here's what I listen to...Why Are People Into That?!.   (ADULT)    This Week in Tech (MP3)    The Math Dude Quick and Dirty Tips to Make Math Easier.    Planet Money.    APM: Marketplace.     Money Girl's Quick and Dirty Tips for a Richer Life.    APM: Marketplace Weekend.      This American Life.   Stuff You Should Know.    Freakonomics Radio.    Dan Carlin's Hardcore History.    The Splendid Table.    Stuff Mom Never Told You.    Stuff They Don't Want You To Know.    Travel with Rick Steves.    Modern Manners Guy Quick and Dirty Tips for a More Polite Life.    The Art of Manliness.   This Week in Law (MP3)    Real Time with Bill Maher.    On the Media.    On Point with Tom Ashbrook.    No Agenda.    My History Can Beat Up Your Politics.     As It Happens from CBC Radio.   FRONTLINE: Audiocast | PBS.    Radiolab.    Stuff To Blow Your Mind.    StarTalk Radio.    Fresh Air.    Escape Pod.    The Rialto Report.   (ADULT)    StarShipSofa.    Science Friday.     The Way I Heard It with Mike Rowe.    The Sporkful.    Marketplace Morning Report - First Edition.     The Adam Carolla Show.    Studio 360 with Kurt Andersen.     Cory Doctorow's craphound.com Podcast.    The Alton Browncast.    Serial.    99% Invisible.     RiYL.    Longform.    Writing Excuses.    The History of Rome.      Revolutions.    No Such Thing As A FishThe Moth.    Invisibilia.   Capitol Steps: Politics Takes a Holiday.    DecodeDC.     Cool Tools.     Tell Me Something I Don't Know.    KCRW's To the Point.   Still Untitled: The Adam Savage Project.   Cortex.     <whew>Can get you the OPML file if you want the exact addresses, but too long for post if included here. Just let me know... any questions, just ask... ;)
[Here is my list.](http://i.imgur.com/3sD1YHX.jpg)Self improvement- Aubrey Marcus podcast; even Rogan's podcast talks about being your best self.Education- Bulletproof Radio (health), Fat Burning Man show(health), Hardcore History or History on Fire (history).Ten Minute Podcast is hilarious, and The Drunken Taoist is another favorite that is philosophy/life based. 
You should definitely check out the Stuff You Should Know podcast. Josh and Chuck always have this ability to be entertaining and educational on even something as mundane as how grass works. They've done everything from How Dictators Work to Why Do Men Have Nipples so I'm sure theres something in their 900+ episode library for you. These guys give me something to look forward to every Tuesday and Thursday. 
I used to love all the shirts vs. pants pickup games I played as a kid. 
Not necessarily a rich person's sport, just not a poor person's sport. Assuming you are far enough north, you still only get a few months of good ice time outdoors the rest of the year you need to pay for ice time. Also, hockey gear is way more expensive than basketball or football, buying and maintaining skates and sticks isn't cheap! 
You need skates, a net, stick, pads. Also most people don't live where there is a frozen pond to play on and hockey rinks are very expensive.
To play? Yea you can play pretty cheaply. Although the availability of shinny time on your local pond is pretty slim. A lot of our bigger cities do have public skating rinks though.To get good? Like NHL level? Thousands in equipment, travelling to tournaments all over the province/country. Hockey camp in the summer, private coaches, more equipment, every time you break a stick it's a few hundred dollars. Getting to and from practice is a pain.I'm not kidding we regularly have newspaper articles and TV spots on the growing expense of hockey and how it is diminishing Canadian culture. 
Skates aren't the cheapest, plus it's very weather-dependent. You can only play a couple months a year, tops, unless you live somewhere it's always below freezing.
*IT'S WHAT YOU HEARIN'. IT'S WHAT YOU HEARIN'*
It's what you're hearing
My friend came up with a bunch of stuff for a Zelda themed universe. When you understand the basics of a D20 system it's pretty easy to just pump out classes based on whatever universe you want.
We all use PDFs right on our laptops. That way when we need something we can just Ctrl + F it and find it super quickly!
Could probably build a motel for that 
Are you Yeezus?
I have a better time high, but I throw better sober. 
Just drink water.
*Well maybe if i keep repeatedly trying*
Some weird fan could stalk and eventually muder them and their whole family in a ritualistic fashion.  Maybe something else worse than that but that's the best I could do on the fly.
What is standing but laying in bed upright?
slept all day apart from waking twice to play a bit of online poker which i find terminally dull, going back to bed now. can't even play games anymore, feels like a waste of time, lol. goodnight.
I was at a reststop the othER day and there was one of those claw games filled with rubber duckies. It made me think of you.
You're kinda my hero. Just thought you should know that. 
And this, everyone, is why so-called fizzbuzz problems exist, because these are the kinds of applicants who have to be weeded out in the early stages.
If he is he might end up nailed to the Thieves Guild gates.
GAY
We found her!
I stole a 25c  Slim Jim once by accident. I was 13, and by the time I realized it I was already home. I brought it back and apologized.  The guy behind the counter laughed so hard he was almost crying and let me take $5 worth of stuff from the store. I still didn't feel right so I made sure not to go over $4.75.   EDIT: grammar
Good point, many libraries have music collections also.
A trade of fiat money issued by your National bank is not necessary to obtain these services
Back in my day...
[never too old to get started](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mLYvg31tKOA)ps most episodes are not musicals
We offer iPad checkouts too. It blew a customer's mind. We also do video games (including current generation, current releases!), DVDs/BluRays (including current releases!), and even will let you check out a video game *console* to play your game at one of the TVs in the back. 
I was actually amazed by how good the library system is where I live. I can go online and reserve a book from anywhere in the county, and they'll deliver it to my local library for *free*! I can even renew them online so I don't have to go in until I have something to pick up or drop off. As a rule, they get books in about 6 months after release, and usually have enough copies to go around. It's amazing!They let you borrow DVDs for less than it would cost to rent on Amazon Prime or Google Play, and they tend to be very much up-to-date.Probably saved myself well over 300 by borrowing instead of buying, plus I've read stuff I normally wouldn't because why not? It's free and if I don't like it I can just take it back.
My city recently built a new huge shinymodernglassybuilding central library to replace their existing one. People were whining about it through the entire construction process because libraries are so obsolete and nobody reads books anymore and they're just scary homeless dude generators or whatnot.Over the few years since it opened, the place has been so consistently, overwhelmingly busy and so much more efficiently-run than the previous building that *the library requested a budget cut* because, between reduced operating/maintenance cost and ridiculous public engagement on everything from traditional lending to lecture series and the media lab, they were getting more done than ever before with less than they ever needed to do it without even having to stretch things.
DON'T TELL ME WHAT I CAN'T DO!
Don't forget to shave off all of your body hair, those grams add up. 
Exactly the one i was thinking of
Yeah I did a project of psilocybic mushrooms in high school and I had to make up or omit bits of **a lot** of the dangers to make them seem worse just because it was for school.  Like there were several cases I found of people developing psychosis from taking the mushrooms, but it was all similar cases of mixing copious amounts with other drugs (one was like 300 caps, a few g's of coke, and like 6 pints of beer).The most dangerous thing about them seemed to be buying them on the streets, as less than half were legitimate, but they're very very easy to grow more than enough on your own.I tried magic mushrooms because of that project, I thought they were quite a bit worse before that.
And they're eating their veggies. (Yes I know mushrooms are actually fungi.)
TIL ripping people off and lying to them is a good deed
Psilocybin mushrooms are safer than alcohol. The only concern is people lying and selling the wrong type of mushroom, like you're suggesting. Most people will have no idea which mushrooms are poisonous.If you want to do a real good deed, it would be informing people how to correctly identify the different types.Edit: He said nothing about Alcohol. This was me just reacting to the real drugs comment, because most people do not consider Alcohol a real drug in that context.
Most mushrooms aren't 'kill you poisonous' except amanitas and those are easy to ID.If you read an ID book all the way through and learn the characteristics to look for then you'll be fine. Lots of inedible mushrooms 'look like' edible mushrooms but have completely different characteristics ie: gills under the cap.
In a similar vein, the first cheesemaker:I got all this milk, but i cant eat it all now! Cant someone help me?*Enter Greg* Here, I got this stomach from a goat! It doesn't leak, and i washed it twice in the stream.I don't know, that seems pretty gross ...LISTEN BUD, I WASHED THIS TWICE! RESPECT IT!All right, I'll put my milk in there.*SOME TIME PASSES*Hey Greg, wheres my milk?Here, it's in my jee-ess.Jee-ess? The hell is that, Greg?It's goat stomach.Nobody needs an acronym for goat stomach, Greg.Well whatever. Here's your milkThis smells like my brother after he died and we found him in the forest a week later. I don't want this!Well, fine. I'll keep it thenFucking hell, Greg. First that waste of flour and now this. YOU DON'T EVEN HUNT *OR* GATHER! WHAT DO YOU EVEN DO ALL DAY?!
I mean, not far off. Dough that was left out for a few days. Some one goes back to it and sees it's moving like a bitch. Oh sick we should totally use this.further down the line oh hey the bubbles on this fermenting ale look like the bubbles when you left the flour out that time, but more active! Further down the line...we need to stop drinking, lets just save it all and use it as we need it instead of brewing all the time. Oh shit it's dry and now comes in packet form.
I'm sick of all those Wall Street, business-suit-wearing hipsters. They're always like, oh look at me, I bought this stock **before** it went up in price!
Can also be replaced by sjw or neckbeard 
Are you telling me your body isn't a size green?
Flashbacks to like 30 minutes ago yeah same haha 
> and get a burger for $1Sure, but that's a snack, not a full meal. Add fries, soda and maybe a desert and it's going to be quite a bit more (no idea how much burger king costs in freedom currency, but a meal Europe is probably around 6-8). 
Domineering sounds like a subset of engineering that just builds stuff with dominos. 
put 99% Invisible on that list boy
You mean shirts vs skins?
Church league?
The ice outdoors is still maintained. Natural ice is all lumpy and hard to skate on. As a former Minnesotan, I can say without reservation, that hockey is for rich kids and kids whose parents make poor financial decisions. 
Not only that, but if you want to play competitively at a young age, you need to have parents that have enough free time to drive you to tournaments every weekend and practice after dinner, etc. Oh, and of course have parents with a car. 
I'm from the northeast. A lot of guys I played with come from blue collar backgrounds. They're either themselves or were the sons of firefighters, guys in construction trades, cops, etc.But where I'm from, if you were good enough, you'd play a year or two of high school hockey, then get recruited by a prep school or a junior team, then to college and the pros. Kids are starting to skip the high school step entirely, which favors kids from wealthier backgrounds, whose parents can pay the fees or tuition and for camps and stuff.You can do equipment on the cheap and pretty much every rink does sticks and pucks and there are lakes around. To really get the most out of it, though, you need money.
#Listen#
Listen
I understand that [reference.](http://www.denverpost.com/2016/04/05/aurora-motel-owner-for-decades-spied-on-guests-having-sex-author-says/)
Like regular golf!
Well, you're not wrong. That is a possibility. 
Pack it up, guys. The most accessible poor person hobby is sitting on your ass. 
This was the early stage. We've been burned by fizzbuzz too many times only to waste our time on a second interview when that's the extent of what they can do. Matrix transpose is our fizzbuzz. The other one is getting experienced front-end devs to make a modal. Take away frameworks (other than jQuery) and they have no idea how anything works. They can't actually write CSS, and have only a rough idea of how to do anything complex on the page. 
SPACE
And DVD collections.  You would be amazed at the stuff that you can get at a public library.  And the people who work there REALLY want to help you find what you need.
Don't need no credit card to ride this train
Back in my day you had to sacrifice your firstborn child for a single upvote! You kids don't know how lucky you have it!
do we have an /r/unexpectedlocke ?
*smoke monster sounds*
Amateur. Bro you've got two kidneys and definitely don't need them both, that's a solid 200g weight savings, easy.
Hey man.. got any more broccoli? C'mon nobody's gots to know about this
This is the best thing I've read on the internet today. Laughed my ass off.
[Why Can't Anyone Tell I'm Wearing This Business Suit Ironically?](http://www.theonion.com/blogpost/why-cant-anyone-tell-im-wearing-this-business-suit-11185)
a neckbeard is anyone you perceive to be less cool than you and a hipster is anyone you think might be cooler than you 
Runescape is still around?
>freedom currencyHah, that made me laugh.But yeah, it's about the same here. $6 - $8 for a full combo.  
Oh...
Canadian here.  It ridiculously expensive before you start adding travel and accommodation for tournaments and away games.  I'm going to do everything in my power to prevent my kid from wanting to play hockey. 
COMMUNISM
Work in library, can confirm. WHAT CAN I PUT ON HOLD FOR YOU. DO YOU NEED MOVIES. OR BOOKS. WE CAN HOLD AND KEEP THEM FOR YOU WITH YOUR NAME ON THEM. IT IS FREE.
Sometimes even video games!
That's the power of books.
For real though, my 10 year cake day is in June. I don't even know how I feel about that except this is the only thing in my life I was an 'early adopter'.
Cut off your non-dominant leg and replace it with a carbon-fiber prosthetic.  You have now shaved at least 10 pounds off your load, and you'll only get half as tired walking up slopes and inclines. ^^^^^^^^^/s
It mirrors the classic gaming attitude: anyone less experienced than you is a filthy casual, anyone more experienced than you is a no-life tryhard.
/r/2007scape
Still around and still cranking out the freshest, dankest memes. 
Unless one team is running around with a shirt and no pants 
ALSO I AM SO BORED
I discovered the joys of the online catalog that allows me to request any material in the county library system to be delivered to my closest library. This became a life saver after I became a parent and no longer had time to browse. In the last 6 years I have only found 2 items not available in my county.
*horn section intensifies*
Watch yourself become reddit famous Edit : The deed is done, you're tagged. ;)
That doesn't sound right, but I have too many legs to be sure.
Lvls? 
How getting back into Runescape works:  1. Come back to runescape after 4-8 years  2. Get turned off by all the changes  3a. Spend a week getting used to RS3  or   3b. Make a 2007scape account  4. Hate whoever picked the other option for step 3
The Free Willy team
Everyone stop yelling its a fucking library
16 lol 
Summer of sophomore year, there was an ice cream store I would go to religiously every other day.  They had a huge selection of flavors that rotated frequently, and the guy that worked there could predict what I'd order because it'd always have to be whatever's new.It got to the point where I didn't even have to order.  I'd just walk in and he'd have a cone ready for me by the time I reached the register.  But we never really talked outside of ice cream orders.  Finally, one day he says,You really like ice cream.Me,Haha yeah, I do!Him,Do you also like pizza and a movie?  Maybe...Saturday?Me,Actually! My friend Naomi and I are going-- (Friend elbows me hard and conspicuously) --not going. Anywhere.  See you Sat?Him,Cool. I'll see you here, usual time.Then he gave my friend double scoop on the house.
So, I was in a predental program at my college and one of the requirements was a class with all the different premedical students about applying to our actual dental, medical, veterinarian, etc schools. There was a guy who sat behind me in that class and we always bickered back and forth. So at the end of the semester we have to get up and give presentations with the other people in our grad programs. Dental went the first day, and this guy was in the misc group who went the next day. He gets up to start the presentation and hands out the outline for their topics but he runs out just when he reaches me. I'm annoyed thinking he's just fucking with me. He goes to his bag and pulls out an extra and hands it to me. So after like twenty minutes I get to the last page of their outline and I see the last line says Lunch? And I look over at the person sitting next to me and their paper. Sure enough, it doesn't have that extra line. I looked up at him and he winked. It was hands down the cutest way I have ever been asked out.
We met at college.  We started hanging out after some friends introduced us and he told me about D&D.  I'd never played so he said he would teach me the rules.One night after we'd been hanging out for a few weeks we started talking about relationships (as in past relationships).  He told me about some ex-girlfriends (just briefly, I dated her for 6 months, then her for 2 years type stuff). Then he asked me about my past relationships.OK, so my back story at that point was 0.  0 boyfriend's, 0 guys kissed.....No one had really seemed interested and to be honest I was pretty insecure about it.  To add to that I had been on my first date ever about a month before I met him and the guy bailed when he found out I'd never been kissed!But I wasn't the type to lie so I told him.His response was a thoughtful hmmmmm and then he leaned forward and kissed me!Then he said There, problem solved!We've been together 15 years, married 13 years and have 4 kids.....And he's still the only guy I've ever kissed! 
Him: bubble tea is grossMe: ugh bubble tea is the worstHim: we should go out for bubble tea, and not order bubble teaUs: together for four years 
At one of my old labs there was a job where you work with a partner who has to print numbers on these little plastic cases for you to put samples in. You're doing it for hours, so it gets really boring, but you've also got to concentrate, cause if you mix up the numbers then two patients could get each other's diagnosis and you could kill someone. The advantage of this job is that you can basically talk to the person you're working with for hours, because eventually you start doing the checking subconsciously (sort of like driving and talking to someone at the same time).Anyway, I'd been getting close to this cute new guy for a few weeks, and we'd been hanging out all day just shooting the breeze at work. Right at the end of the day, as he's handing me one of these cases, my subconscious alarm goes off telling me the number on the case is wrong. This happens pretty often, hence why we're so paranoid checking, so I pick it up to hand it back to him and ask him to reprint it, when I realise it's his phone number he's printed on the case. Look up and see him smiling the most confident grin I've ever seen in my life. The little fucker knew he had me then.tl;dr got propositioned via laboratory consumable. Was powerless to resist.
He literally ran after me. We had a class together and started talking about two weeks before it ended. I thought he was cute as hell but didn't think he felt the same way. He and his buddy lived the same way I did and on the last day of class, they walked home with me but split paths after a few blocks. So I'm walking and kinda gushing to a friend via text about him and I hear someone running and it's him! He tells me that he'd be a massive idiot unless he gets my phone number because he thinks I'm super cute. We've been together for three years. 
I was bartending. A customer I had a few good conversations with asked me what time my shift ended, and I told him 2 AM. He leaned back and said, Can I order a coffee? I'm going to need it if I want to stay up until 2 AM. Note: I don't want to be harsh, but bartenders are paid to be nice to you. Be 105% sure someone's into you before you pull a move like this. 
I snagged my wife of 8 years with...I have an 8 telescope. Want to come over, have some dinner and drinks...look at the stars?She immediately drove from Texas to NM. She was genuinely surprised I was actually talking about an 8 telescope.I've been disappointing her ever since! Lol Edit: Telescope has an 8 aperture...it's basically 8 in diameter. It's made by Meade...and yes...it's fucking amazing.Edit2: Holy shit...I think this is my highest voted comment! All about telescopes and dicks! 
When I was living in Boston there was a really cute guy who would play his guitar and sing in the stations along the blue line. I always gave him a few bucks because a) he was really cute, and b) he was really talented. He'd smile and call me the girl with the yellow roses (I have tattoos of yellow roses on my back), and then I'd get on the train and be gone. I was (still am, actually) in a long-term relationship but I figured it was just harmless flirting.After about a month and a half of this I walked into one of the stations. I could hear someone playing ukelele. And then I heard hey, girl with the yellow roses! so I looked around and saw him, sitting on the bench with a bouquet of yellow roses, and he started playing My Girl by The Temptations, on the uke. When he was done I walked over and he asked me out for coffee. It was so fucking cute (albeit a little embarrassing because, crowded station) and if I had been single I would have said yes. But I didn't. He smiled and said aaahhh, that figures. Have a great day, pretty girl!
You were the tall brunette with the near perfect body that farted in the [Trader Joe's] bread section last night. I was the tall guy next to you that looked over and asked, Was that you? You quickly replied, No, wasn't me! You almost seemed insulted I would ask. As the stink grew, you continued to deny your flatulence, but it was evident. I tried to get rid of the stench by waving two loaves of Ciabatta bread. You proceeded to storm off in an angry manner. You are beautiful even if you are a liar and fart like a Clydesdale. I'd love to meet up sometime. -some guy from craigslist
One Saturday morning there was a knock on my door.I opened it and there was a young guy my age with a construction vest in. He stared at me for a couple seconds and I said, can I help you?Hello! We are doing some work on the pipes on this street.... he was basically telling me I couldn't flush the toilet for a couple hours while they did the work.A couple hours later, they were done and gone. I had to run some errands so I went to leave. Stuck in the door was a note asking me out. It was signed the guy who told you not to flush.Maybe not the smoothest, but one of the cutest ways I have been asked out.
In grade 8 a guy friend of mine came to my door with a plastic watering can. He opened with John told me that you have to make it memorable when you ask someone out, so I brought you a watering can. SUPER CUTE. I definitely will always remember. I said yes. We dated for 2 weeks and then both concluded we are better as friends, but it was still the best way I've ever been asked out. 
He came into my chocolate shop everyday for a week on his break (he worked at the shop next to mine) and we had fun random conversations about life. On Friday, he came in looking a bit disheveled and I was genuinely concerned; asked him if everything was okay. He looked at me with the most vulnerable eyes and said, would you please let me take you on a date tonight? It was so upfront and honest. He wasn't trying to conceal any emotions or hidden agendas. He gained massive points in my book for that one.
I met a guy when I was like 16 at a convention; we happened to be in the same area and really hit it off talking about art and drawing. We started doodling each other while still chatting away, and exchanged portraits when it came time to part ways. He signed his drawing of me with his phone number.For two nerds at an cosplay convention, that was pretty damn smooth. Edit: In retrospect, doodling was probably not the best word to describe what we were doing.
I just went through an ugly breakup when these happened and these boosted my confidence when I really needed to still feel like I was an attractive person:1) I was on a bus in DC on my way to meet a friend at the Phillips Art Gallery (making myself go out and do new things). I met the gaze of this guy a couple of times, both of us one of the few not glued to our phones. I had put in quite a bit of effort into looking nice but still just felt awful and low. When I got off the bus it had started to pour. I was desperately trying to find something my purse to cover my head when the same guy walked up and opened his umbrella over both of us, smiled, and asked, How was your day?2) I was at my coffee shop (you know it's yours when you frequent it often) and a guy sitting across from me asked me if I knew the wifi password. I told him the password and thought nothing of it. He was cute but I wasn't interested in starting a conversation (still feeling down). I got up to go get a sandwich and was kind of bummed when I came back and he was gone. I sat down and noticed a note on my keyboard that simply said, You're distracting. With his name and number beneath it. That one was very flattering.
Dude asked me if I wanted to build a snowman after listening to me hum Let It Go. I almost shaved for him tooEdit: sometimes ladies with hairy legs still get laid. I know it's weird but some people actually respect your decisions!!
I met my husband in a bdsm club. He was spanking me and said Your ass looks a little sore. I have an ice pack back at my house.Been married for four years in November. 
'Hey... would you like to get a drink sometime?'That quiet confidence is smooth, and the lack of pressure made the whole thing that much more enjoyable.
http://imgur.com/gallery/bEqQYsk
Some gardeners  in  shitty pick up truck whistled and honked 
This was at our local bar. I usually would go by myself after work to read. Some find this weird, but I actually find it a lot easier to read outside of my house, and I was reading the Sandman series for the first time. A good friend of mine also lived in the neighborhood and she'd meet up with me sometimes. My friend is very chatty and chummy with the regulars, I prefer to keep to myself.I had noticed him among the regulars, thought he was handsome, but didn't really care that much. Lots of handsome jerks in the world, I don't feel the need to talk to every one of them.One day he approached us with a crossword and asked if we'd care to help him. My friend said sure because she's nice, I said sure because even though I'm not nice and didn't want to talk to some guy I didn't know... I did kind of want to do a crossword.We work on the crossword, my friend helps for about five minutes, gets bored, goes to talk to some other regulars, we finish the crossword and chat once we're done.He then made sure to bring a crossword every day, and continued to ask for my help.After a couple of weeks of doing crosswords, he walked me home (he lived two streets past me from the bar), we kissed, I went on a weekend trip and when I got back and saw him again, he just said let me take you to dinner.Almost three years later, we still do a crossword almost every day <3
Can I give you my number? Sure, no harm in that....now can I have yours? You crafty son of a bitch.
not asked out, but was on skype with a friend playing truth or dare. he picked dare and i said to call his crush and say he liked them. he then put me on hold, called me again, said i like you and went back to the first call.
I was at a party with a friend of mine when this guy comes over with a deck of cards. He insisted on showing my friend his party trick and proceeded to have her choose a card at random. She grabbed the card and kept its identity to herself and he placed it back in the deck and shuffled it. He started laying down cards and ended when he reached 10. He looked up at her and said Do you notice anything interesting about these cards I laid down? She shook her head and he then looks her directly in the eyes and says it's my number, call me. He then proceeded to give her an over exaggerated wink, shot her some finger guns, and disappeared into the crowd of the party. 
Would you like to go eat?Like a date?Yes..Ok!
I had just met this guy at a friends party and we instantly hit it off. I was telling him how I have a really bad relationship with coffee because it gives me the shits. At the end of the night he said I'm facing a dilemma here because I really want to ask you out but you can't drink coffee and you're not old enough to get a beer, so like, tea? Would you like to go out for tea? Relationship didn't last long but granted it was the sweetest way I was asked out 
ME: Wanna date?Her: What?!ME: Wanna date??HER: *uhhhhmmmm....*ME: *Looks at box in hands, with dates in it* I mean do you want  some dates? *holds box higher*Her: OH! yeah I'd love one! *panic clears her face*ME: Awesome,me too. how about coffee on friday at 12?...(she did say yes)
Him: I was wondering... Are you seeing anyone?Me: No.Him: (shocked) Would you like to go out to dinner with me? Me: Sure, when?Him: ... (He didn't think it would get that far haha)I was impressed with how upfront and respectful he was. First, asking if I was available to date, and second asking if I would  want to date him. Being single does not equate an automatic yes so I appreciated his consideration. We are about to celebrate our two year anniversary.
At a party in college on a roof a boy jumped down from a higher portion right next to me and said you're the most beautiful girl at this party. Can I have a cigarette? And we were together for two years. But I think the best part was in the middle of our first date. He said can I just get this out of the way? And then bam! He kissed me. I found out later it was an Annie hall reference. And he asked me out because he has a fetish for a certain type of nipple and could tell by looking at me I had that type. What a weird two years. 
Not a girl, but proud of myself for this one. This one time in university I had a crush on a girl. We were friends/acquaintances, and photography was one of my hobbies. She asked to go on a photo excursion so we walked around and took photos, and I snapped a few of her doing some funny poses. I had the photos printed, and gave the ones of her to her, but on one  particular one I wrote on the back that I thought she was cute and that she ought to let me take her on a date. She said no. Oh well.
We were friends for a couple months and one day he invites me over to watch a movie and have some lunch. Right before I was about to go home he says wait. I have something for you. He comes out of his room with a book I'd been wanting to get but couldn't find it in any store and he says, this book has a lot of chapters to it and I was hoping we could also start a new chapter together. Will you be my girlfriend? And that is the story of how I got my first boyfriend. Lasted 2 years but it was a good run. 
I commute to college and since it's a fixed schedule, I end up seeing the same group of people on the train. So once, this one guy came up to me and said: Hi, my name is Steven, I've seen you on the train a lot and just want to say I think you're gorgeous. It was pretty sweet, we're good friends now.
When I met my husband, we were at a local bar. I was already friends with him on Facebook (he added me after we had talked on a mutual friend's status) but we had never actually seen each other. I was terrified to approach him so I kept hiding. Finally, after a few beers, I struck up a conversation. We ended up dancing all night. After I said goodbye he messaged me on Facebook and said hey, you forgot to give me your number. I thought that was pretty smooth. We went out two days later and have been together ever since. 
I was at a party with this really cute guy that I had been talking to for a bit. I didn't really know anyone there though so I wanted to go home, and his friend was way too drunk so he ended up giving us both a ride home. Anyway, he dropped me off first which I was kind of bummed about because I was planning on making a move once his friend left but I assumed he did it on purpose and wasn't into me. Not 10 minutes later I get a call to come downstairs as I'd left something in his car and he wanted to give it back to me. I get downstairs and ask what it was and he just put his hands on my face and pulled me in for a kiss. He asked me out but I had basically melted at that point and I think I just noodded and grinned like a fool. Definitely the smoothest thing a guy has done. 
Walking through a crowded train station my eyes met with a man talking into his phone. Not looking away he said Sorry, something's come up. snapped the phone shut (remember when phones did that?!) and walked straight over and said hi. Hands down the smoothest thing ever. 
You should uh, put my number in your phone. -My boyfriend of two years There was just something so cute about his momentary confident remark. Plus I stared at him for a good two minutes before I agreed while he looked around nervously. 
Im a guy, a girl said this to me while I was wearing a suit:Hey nice  suit, it looks like it needs a taylor though. By the way, my name is Taylor.
I think a saw you at the new Italian restaurant the other day. That wasn't you? Oh, I must have been dreaming about a date with you. No wonder I was so happy. (I was 16 and hadn't been asked on many dates so this was so smooth I barely knew how to answer and ended up just nodding)
At university my guy friend saw that I was having a bad in one of our morning classes. He came and sat down next to me and said You look like you could use a pick me up, how about I pick you up at 7? He escaped the friend zone that night and we ended up dating a year. 
Copy-paste my response from similar thread (funny enough, it's my highest upvoted comment too, lol):I was once talking with a co-worker in a new job (I got hired like 2-3 days before the event). Afterwards, we went to the store, because both of us needed some things. We go to the aisle where you can find shampoo and that kind of stuff, because I needed shampoo, so I ask her: Hey, what kind of shampoo does your boyfriend use? I can't decide which one should I pick and she responds to me with: That was the smoothest way to ask me about my boyfriend ever.Few days later it turned out that she didn't have a boyfriend and we shared few enjoyable moments.
When I was in college I worked part-time at this coffeeshop/cafe, it was kind of like a mix of Starbucks and Panera but wasn't really as good as either. So one day I was at the register taking orders when a guy around my age comes up. I asked him What can I get you? and he replied, Your phone number, please.It was cheesy and in the heat of the moment I'm afraid that I replied with something just as cheesy because I said, I'm sorry, that's not on the menu....
I work at a custom-made printing plate company. You give us a digital file and we make a plate you can run through a printing press. Normally all I do is check out/scrutinize the artwork very carefully to make sure it'll make a good printing plate. We often have to tell customers that some art is too delicate to appear on the plate correctly & they fix their files.A regular of ours (good customer that always comes in to pick up his plates & will chit chat about life and the whatnot) calls in early that there's an order coming in that he really needs accurate and ready by end-of day that day. No biggie and I mark his account so that I'm assigned to handle/review his next order. Day goes by and I forget that I'm assigned to it till it pops in last-minute. I review it over very microscopically and realize that the last chunk of artwork was a message that said OP, can I take you out to dinner when I pick up my plates? in a font that clearly can't plate well (which means I have to call him to get the file fixed).  By far the smoothest, sneakiest way I've been asked out.
I was 13, at a church retreat. We made eye contact across the room. We were instructed to take off our shoes for that game where you have to pick up a shoe and find the owner. This guy stole my shoe from someone else and approached me. Hey, I'll trade you your shoe for your phone number. It was so smoothHe was a dick, and got me in a ton of trouble, but that was his one redeeming quality.
So he wasn't really him asking me out, but before we started dating my SO and I had been texting the whole summer and I was perpetually busy until the last day before I moved back to college I had a free evening. I texted him saying how I didn't have any plans Friday, which he responded as cool or nice. Since he missed the cue I asked Would you like to change that? He immediately got the hint and we planned an adventure. I think that was the smoothest I've ever been when confronting a guy. Though when he came to pick me up he held the car door open for me, and I knew I was in trouble.  
Me: Let's go shoot some pool sometime (My now) Wife: Ok
REALLY hot guy on a motorcycle asked me if I wanted to go for a ride. Umm, hell yes.
When I was around 15 I worked at a party place, we would bring bouncy castles and face painted and dress up and stuff for little kids. This particular party was at a mall event, I was making balloon animals. This guy that was also working there (a few years older than me) kept coming around and chatting. He was cute and quite nice. At the end he asks me to make him a balloon animal. So I made him a dog or something. Just as I was leaving, he hands it back to me. I get in the car and notice it has his number on it! I was soooo flattered. I never called him though, I had a boyfriend. But damn, I felt good about myself for a while. 
I suppose this could be considered the 'smoothest' way... Someone laid a business card on my desk at work. The card had his name and email on it and it said, 'I find you attractive. If you happen to find me attractive too, email me. Edit: Typo 
A guy sent me a Facebook message asking if I would be able to answer a few questions for a survey. I said sure, and the first question was asking for my number. I'd already said yes before he asked, so I obliged.On our first date, he said he hated black people at an all you can eat Mongolian grill. 0/10 would not go again.
We weren't dating at the time, but me and my now girlfriend used to work at a grocery store together. One day when I finished up work I went through her line to pay for something to eat and she was visibly upset over something. I asked for her phone, and I put my number in it and told her she could text or call me if she needed to talk to someone after her shift.   About two years after that we started dating, and we'll hit 5 years together later this year!
I wasn't interested in my now husband at first. Not my type. We hung out in a group of people, and I had been rejecting his hints for a while. One night we were all supposed to go to a movie and he called everyone else in the group and told them not to come.  So when THEY showed up at my door to pick me up - there was only him.  And his 12 year old brother (who he ended up having to babysit).  And he said, Everyone cancelled.  Want to go see a movie with me?We had that one date. And one more. And then I asked him to marry me.  We've been married 22 years.  
He didn't ask me out. He just flat out told me we're dating now. I was 18 with little relationship experience, so I went with it. That was almost 9 years ago and we're getting married in July.Edit: Oh shit, this is *women* of reddit. I'm a guy lol. Fuck it, it applies since I was still female at the time (FTM trans).
I worked at a catering service in college and when I was in training I met a really goofy guy close to my work station. We talked a bit and I thought he was so funny, so when we all breaked for our dinner I sat at his table with about 6 other people. The girl next to the funny guy started putting salt and pepper on his piece of cake and dared him to eat it. He said Not without incentive. You'll all have to put your numbers into my phone and take me out to dinner. We had meal plans on campus so buying him dinner was a pretty good deal to see him eat that cake. We all put our numbers in his phone while the girl piled on more salt and pepper. He ended up eating it, looking green the entire time. As I was walking back to my dorm that night I get a text saying, Congratulations! I pick you. Dinner tomorrow? I laughed and happily set the time for dinner the next day with him. He ended up texting me the entire night which I thought was a bit strange since I already agreed to take him out to dinner first, but I was excited to have a new friend at work so I didn't think much of it. I meet up with him the next night at the restaurant and we have a really great time and decided to hang out again the next day. Fast forward to a couple months of us dating someone asks us how we met and I get ready to say we met at work, when he starts the story of how our bus stands were placed next to each other and he decided that before the night was through he would get my number one way or another. HE TURNED THE CAKE SITUATION INTO A WAY TO GET MY NUMBER. I was shocked and oddly flattered. Whenever he tells the story he always finishes with it was the best piece of cake I've ever had. 
I have a line that I've found is about 90% effective at starting a conversation and making her a bit interestedWalk up to the girl and (or even better if their passing by) say:You: Hey could I get a woman's opinion on something?Her: sure/yes (they ALWAYS say yes to this)You: (quizically) If I see a really attractive girl should I walk up and talk to her, or is that too forward?Her: Walk up and talk to her...(again they always answer in the affirmative here)You: Hi my name is Blackflames64At the end of the night, after the bars closed two girls were walking by and I said this line to them and they looked a little annoyed when I started talking about an 'attractive girl' then when I finished it they loved it and invited me to come to their house party
ITT: MOTHERFUCKING REJECTIONS, REJECTIONS EVERYWHERE!edit: Moral of the story is, if you like her, theres a 99% chance shes already taken
Worked at a theme park a few years back with arcade games which you won tickets and turned them in for prizes. I was a manager and typically worked in the cash room away from the customers (how I liked it), however this particular day the prize redemption host called out, and I was volunteered to be the one to replace them. Halfway into the shift, I have a couple of fairly attractive guys my age come and gander around at the prizes. I'm impatiently waiting, as I had been with every customer the entire shift - literally the most boring job in the entire park.One of the guys perks up, and says, well, not much here that I like, but I have to ask. How many tickets does it cost to take you on a date? Not the most romantic, but I thought it was pretty clever, definitely made my day. My boyfriend (now fianc) at the time was standing behind me restocking (we both worked and met at this job) did not find it as clever as me. 
This was my mom...her lab partner invited her to study. He showed up dressed in a suit and informed her that they were going on a date. When she said she had nothing to wear, he went into her closet You'll look great in this. Let's go.  
7th grade. Went to my very first football game with my best friend. Two cute boys sat by us, we recognized them as being some sexy sexy eighth grade boys in our engineering class, James and Hunter. Before the game starts, they come over and sit by us and we all talk for a bit. Finally James scoots really close to me and leans in. He asks Hey, did you see the fireworks last night?Fireworks? There were fireworks that I didn't know about? For a second I felt like such a loser. So I said no, I didn't.He gets so excited. Aw man it was awesome. They were all like, (he starts making big explosion sounds and arm movements) and then he *used the arm movement to put his arm around my shoulder*.It sounds so stupid now but by fuck it was so awesome when it happened to me. We went on like 6 middle school dates and did late engineering homework together every morning before school. It was great.
My first year of uni, went out to a pub. Guy asks me out, doesn't really look my type so I politely decline. He asks a few more times over the night (out with a mutual friend).Eventually he says 'please go out with me, no one else will.' I finally relented and we were together for over four years!Not smooth really, but cheesy and apparently successful!
A few years ago I was chatting with some guy in a bar. I was a little buzzed, definitely  not drunk. Anyway, he says Would you like to go for lunch some time? I'd love to talk to you while we're  both sober.I was quite surprised. He wanted to have a genuine conversation  and get to know me. It was the first time I gave my number out at a bar. 
TIL Anything better than total douchebaggery is smooth
Iam man, women sometimes ask me for a date, but there was 1 girl who just wrote me do you want to go out with me? (I was 15, she was 17), I never experienced someone so straightforward(or wtf is that word). It was fun, she had nice tits
I was talking to a girl at the bar, she was with some friends. I'm pretty shy about asking someone out in front of others. When her friends weren't paying too much attention I pulled out my phone, opened the phone app and just slid it over to her while we were talking. She entered her number and slid it back. The whole time we didn't break our conversation.
Not my story, but one of a good guy friend's:Friend and girlfriend has been very chummy for years. One day, he wrote Do you want to be my girlfriend? then two boxes - one that said Yes and another that said Fuck Yes.He put the note in a Ziploc bag and filled it up with air. Then he ran up to her (scaring the shit out of her) and popped the bag. He told her he was popping a question and they have been together 5 years now. 
In my younger years I jogged every day on the same path. I noticed a cute guy doing the same but at a much quicker pace. One day we were jogging side by side when he said, My pace or yours? All I could do was stop and giggle.Nothing came of it but still memorable.
I have 2 that come to mind:When I was 17 I was at Target with 2 of my friends. The cashier wrote his number on the receipt, handed it to me and said Call me. I'm going to take you out. I liked the confidence. We went on a few dates but it didn't work out.This one happened about two or three months ago. I was at the grocery store and this guy and I kept winding up in the same aisle but going different directions. After the 4th time we passed each other he said Want to come over to my place where I can make you an amazing dinner? I declined and told him I had a boyfriend.  
Checking out this thread for notes
ITT: clever or endearing story about how they were asked out - didn't actually date the person.
This is terrible most of these stories end with some variation of I said no.All this thread has taught me is that quantity is better than quality. 
I worked in our family's tattoo shop, and a young guy comes in. He's good looking, in a suit no less, with manners your grandma wouldn't shake a stick at (not just because of the stroke.) So I'm automatically intrigued, since this guy,  with all his teeth and a firm grasp on the English language, already has a leg up on the random people who wander in (the sub in Soffe shirts and a giant boner and how he met the taser is a story for another day, kids ). It was a slow day and since no one was waiting,  we get to talking. He's a magician. Full stop. No qualifier. Mr. Magic produces his deck of cards, well worn and with that intricate filigree looking design on the back, and that's what he's looking to get on his back. Pretty neat, actually,  and then he pulls it out. Not that.  Damn it, reddit, you pervert. No, he pulls out the pick up line :You know,  I volunteer at GenericSaintNameHere Hospital, and the kids really love this trick.  How 'bout...if I pick your card,  I get your number?  so of course I ask what if he doesn't.  I'm not a sore loser,  so I'll give you mine. Made him do it 3 times. He got it every time. Tl;Dr - smooth as fuck magician uses volunteering with sick kids as pick up fodder.
Never been asked out, I'm always the one doing the asking. 
I am just here to take notes.
I don't know if this was smooth, but it did get me my first girlfriend. She was a beautiful (read: out of my league) girl in my Basic Accounting class and the other boys in that class were just itching at getting to her, to no avail. Naturally, I wanted to as well, but I knew I didn't stand a chance.Until I happened to catch her waiting for a jeep outside our school. (Context: one rides a jeepney as public transportation here in my country.) I stood next to her, silent, didn't know what to say. I thought of a way to talk to her that didn't feel awkward, but a jeep was slowly approaching us and I felt like I was going to lose the chance, so I blurted out the first thing that came to mind. I spoke this in the vernacular:Uhm, you don't mind waiting for the next jeep, right? I still don't know how to ask you out.She looked at me, and I felt myself panicking. Then she laughed and said, Okay. We ended up walking home, talking, and I did ask her out the next day.Like I said, she ended up being my first girlfriend. It lasted just 9 months, but I was  the envy of all the other guys in class. Felt good.
I was at a concert and a guy mentioned he was new to the area and had come out with the only four people he knew in town. He asked me some questions about the band and the area because I was very familiar with both. At the end of the night, he asked if he could make me his fifth friend in town and get my phone number. The next day he texted simply, It was nice meeting you. I'd love to take you to dinner. Simple. Zero nerves that I could see. I said yes to reward the effort.
I wasn't single at the time, so sadly for him, it ended in rejection. I was waiting for my friends at a bar, and sat to distract myself with the TV because I hate bars and feel awkward just standing around. Guy next to me just starts talking about the hockey game that's playing, asking if I'm a fan (I'm not)...we get into a discussion about what each of us does for work, somehow start talking about the economy, and how he wants to go back to school to make something of himself....just a constant conversation with no awkward silences, and really casual topics.At this point, my friends are an hour late, which is pretty annoying, but they show up and now I can't ditch them because this guy kept me in conversation for so long. He asked for my number, and I felt bad that I literally did not pick up on the signals he was throwing out there, because it honestly just came off like the guy was trying to chit chat (I am naive and don't believe every guy at a bar is after getting his dick sucked). I explained to him that I was already in a relationship, but told him to keep being who he was because those tactics would work on a girl one day, being that he wasn't a total creep.
After texting this tinder girl for two weeks she says , are you gonna come over and fuck me or are you gay The whole time we were texting I never once mentioned anything sexual. I guess she was growing impatient.We drank Titos vodka and fucked like animals the next night.
My ex boyfriend told me when he was in college he would approach girls and say hello and then ask if they lived around here. If they said yes he'd ask them what kinds of things are fun to do. Then he would ask them if they wanted to go do whatever it was they mentioned with him. I thought that was smooth.
[deleted]
Im not a woman but...
Looking back at this story I have no clue how it worked. It was stupid and dangerous. But it worked and I've been married to the man of my dreams for four years. It is a perfect life. But I'm not here to brag, I'm here to tell a story. So I digress, its story time:I used live in a rural town in Canada. There was a very hot first nations man who was an avid hunter. So what I did is I found out where he had a tree stand, witch just so happened to be a 1-2 hour walk from my house. Id go there every weekend during hunting season hoping to see him up in the stand. it was the last weekend of hunting season when I finally laid eyes on this sexy ass man up their sitting shirtless in his stand with a 30-06 in his hands. I could hardly hold my hornyness but I had a plan to enact so I back the flood.I approached quietly from a blind spot I had discovered the stand had in my many trips there. This way I could get to the stand with out him hearing or seeing me approach. I knew that one miss step could give my position away. I crept slowly but then.....I slipped. I managed to catch my self but not with out making a few leaves rustle witch, of course, he heard. he turned his head in my direction but of course he couldn't see me. I sat their in the most uncomfortable position for what had to have been an eternity until he lost interest in discovering what made the noise.Just as soon as he had tuned his head my fine looking French Canadian ass let out a muffled sigh of relief  and I remused creeping towards a bus behind the tree the stand was in.Upon making it to the bush I sat there. I knew that in order to get to his truck, he had to walk pass the bush and down a trail. My plan was to, as soon as he passed the bush I would jump out and ask him out. I waited their until sun down, witch could not come fast enough.As the sun set, the sexy beast that had been sitting above me for some where between six and seven hours finally stured. I was nearly trembling in fear but  I manage to contain my self for I knew there was no way in hell my plan could fail. He crept slowly form his high perch of murder. I heard his boots hit the ground and I prepaid to make my move.As soon as he walked passed the bush, I crept out. I crept slowly behind him as he unloaded his rifle. we came to a spit in the trail, the main trail lead back to his truck and the side trail was a short cut that lead to a further up point on the main trail. Lucky for me he took the main trail. I knew that if I took the side trail, not only could I get ahead of him, I could do so unnoticed. I waited until i knew he couldn't see me and ran down the side trail.I made it to the end of the side trail and hid in another bush. No two minutes later he comes into view. I run out at him, sucker punch him in the penis and dropped a peace of paper I had wrote my number on the day before.The next day he called me and asked me on a date and the rest is history.
Now that I think of it....I've had several long and short term relationships, and have been married for five years now, and not a single person has ever officially asked me out. Damn. 
Well, this wasn't exactly asking me out, but sorta.He and I were taking a ballroom dance class and danced together fairly frequently in class as well as at danced this place hosted, so I asked if he wanted to be dance partners and practice together.  I went to his apartment one Saturday and we practiced awhile, then we got some dinner which he insisted on paying for and I made a mental note that it was definitely a date.  We went back to his apartment to play Wii (this was 10 years ago when they were still pretty new), and he asked if I wanted to make a Mii.  That was the smoothest way to tell me he was really into me.
I was working a sales job in a store at the mall, he was shopping. Tried to sell my product, he wasn't interested but we had a good banter going. He went to finish his shopping and I didn't think much of it other than that he was another cute customer. A bit later I come back from a short break and he's by my kiosk talking to my coworker. When he sees me he immediately stops his chat with coworker and comes over to me and says I was about to leave but then I got this feeling that if I didn't come get your number I would always regret it. I was taken aback but thrilled and gave him my number, we stayed up talking all night and went on our first date the next day. Together ever since (3.5 years), married last April! 
I told my bf I liked him first, but his text response was I approve of this affection and confirm it's reciprocation which impressed me as it was a fairly instantaneous reply.
Not a girl but I'm proud of the way I asked her out. This was back in high school and I told her that I had an essay to write and that she needed to proofread it. So I wrote a fake essay on the history of computers, and on the last page was letter I wrote confessing my feelings and asking her out.
Going to be buried but when I was in college, my second real boyfriend ever asked me out on my birthday in the sweetest and nerdiest way possible. He got me a refurbished DS with a Pokemon game (Emerald or Ruby, can't recall atm) and wrapped up all cutesy. I started playing and almost didn't notice the names of the Pokemon he'd already caught. They names made a sentence, Ohyaycanadaeh, will you go out with me?I almost cried it was so cute and sweet. 
I had been into this guy for a couple of months and had a feeling he was into me too. One day he walks me to class and in the middle of the hallway says, Hey can I ask you a question?My heart skips a beat and I say, Yes.When is your birthday? I wanted to just go mope away at that point but responded with the answer. Then he says I bet I can read your mind.Can you?You were thinking 'He's going to ask me out!' And I'd like to.We were together for 2 1/2 years, one of best relationships of my life. Too bad I fucked it up. Found out a few weeks ago that he had gotten married. I was surprised to find myself happy for him rather than jealous. Edit: Words are the bane of my existence and my sustenance.
I'm asked a girl out once by dropping the nice shoes, you wanna fuck? Line. Me and most of my friends are hippies, and we're bare foot as often as possible. Me and this girl were talking about pick up lines earlier for shits and giggles, and when I saw her bare foot later, I looked at her feet, looked back at her eyes, and said nice shoes, you wanna fuck? With such confidence. She laughed super hard and was like, you know I never imagined that line would actually work. We only lasted about 3 months, but it was a fun 3 months. 
I had to rent a car because the battery in my car died (I didn't know it at the time and I had no idea what was wrong with my car.) I was at the Avis counter at the airport and the clerk doing my paperwork was very handsome and congenial. He kept making me laugh. At the end of the transaction he reaches over and grabs a business card and scrawls a phone number on the back of it and says when he hands it to me that this is the emergency number and if I needed to get a hold of someone to just use this number. I glanced at it but it did not occur to me until I got into my rental car and was halfway home that it was not a toll free number to the company but rather it was his cell number :) that was the first guy in my entire life who would ever out of the blue give me his phone number
I'm a guy, but I'm proud of this one so I'm going to share. In high school I was a drum major in my marching band, which meant I would be on a ladder at the front of the field conducting while the rest of the band marched around the field. I had been talking to this girl in the band for a while and it was going well, so I figured it made sense to ask her out at a football game under the lights. At the time the band had small music folders attached to their instruments that had the show music in them and the last song in our show was Since I Fell For You. Before the show, one of our friends distracted her while I found her folder and slipped a note right in front of that song. A little bit later, the band is on the field performing and we get to the last song. I'm up on the ladder and she flips her music and sees a note (just big enough to cover her music but not the title of the song) that says (Girl's name), I know this is a bad time but do you want to go out with me? She looked up and smiled at me, finished the show, and ran up and hugged me as the band was walking back up into the stands. I don't think I'll ever top that. We dated for about a year and broke up after I got to college.
A guy on a jog once ran past me, then backed up (still jogging) with a big smile on his face and asked if I was single.  He was so fearless about it that I couldn't help but admire his grit!  He was good looking and I got a positive vibe from him, but I still declined because I was shy.
Can I share a most awkward pick-up line instead? Freshman year of high school, a boy in my class was playing TMBG and asked me if I had a little birdhouse in my soul.10 years later we got married.
I took an honors biology seminar on genetics when I was an undergrad. First day of class the prof tossed out a dozen papers on the table which were write ups of famous discoveries in genetics and told us to pick a paper, pair up, review it and present it to the class. Good looking guy next to me leans over and asks which one I'm interested in. I said I thought the Mendel paper would be interesting, it happened to be the furthest paper from us. As soon as the prof stopped talking the guy who'd asked me then, with split second reflexes, lunges across the seminar tables to grab that Mendel article.Then he asked me if I'd be his partner. How could I say no?
Someone asked me to Google her name and get in touch. I'm feeling lucky.
Asked me out by handing me a lot of candy and said 'will you be my girlfriend?'5 years on, very happy together. 
I worked in a wine shop inside a big grocery store, and this girl who worked at a kiosk in the same store sold me a mobile phone. My next shift she said that she had forgotten to give me some of my promo items with the phone and one of the gifts was a compact mirror that said Hello Gorgeous! on the outside. When I opened it up she had written her number beside the mirror!She turned out to be an asshole, but it was still pretty smooth. Plus I wound up meeting my current girlfriend while I was working in that shop, but in that scenario I was the smooth one :)
Years ago, I was having a chat with one of my best friends, while we were having a a completely casual chat about our last relationships and sex. And I playfully asked: hey, how come we've never had sex?Her response was instant: Because you've never asked!I would love to say we got our freak on right after that sentence. But both of us were in relationships, her with a wonderful guy who eventually became her husband (and a better man than I).It just caught me off guard. You mean all I had to do was ASK?
me and this guy were talking about how i sometimes bind my chest. he asked how other people react to it and i said 'if someone has a problem with my underwear then they can say it to my face'. he said 'i have a problem with your underwear, it's not on my floor'.coincidentally, that relationship had the worst breakup ever 0/10 would date again
When I was in grade 9 I had an admirer  who would put cards and chocolates in my locker. He did this anonymously for 2-3 months and I never found out who it was. Then we went for the yearly ski trip and I was on the ski-lift with a boy (20 min ride up our local hill, if you could call it that) that I really disliked (he was a bully and really rough around the edges, picked on my friends, etc.). Whelp. On the ski lift with nowhere to go for another 10 minutes, he very shyly and timidly mentioned that he really likes bowling and wanted to know if would go with him sometime. I was horrified but let him down gently. In retrospect, I should have said yes, but we had a complicated history (he beat me up a couple of grades earlier because I retaliated for a friend....and his parents brought him to my house on an early Sunday morning to apologize). I always wonder what happened to him after high-school. 
Do you want the rest of my red starbursts?For the rest of the package?!No for the rest of your life
We met through mutual friends, and had been talking through snapchat for a few weeks. Nothing serious or risqu, I wasn't even trying to flirt; I was bored and didn't give a fuck. He came up with his best friend (who was dating my best friend at the time) and they met us at our track meet for the weekend. I agreed to DD for my friend and her boyfriend because I was on antibiotics. The guy was the Boyfriend's ride, so he tagged along too to the bar. I drove everyone home that night and went to drop him off, last, and my car died in his driveway at 2am. He was staying at his parents house for the weekend, so he set me up in a guest room and wrote a note for his parents. The next day, his mother mortified me and made us breakfast as his dad fixed my car. It was one of the most embarrassing 24 hours ever.I go to leave and he says So you've met my parents already, since that's out of the way you want to grab dinner next week?Nearly three years later, I live with him now, and we're talking engagement.
Me:  I'm a virgin, I feel okay about it now, finallyGirl: Do you want help with that?Still together 1 year.
Twenty six years ago a guy I vaguely knew from high school pulled along side me on the freeway, in his 1980-something El Camino, and did the hand motion for 'roll down your window.' Reluctantly I rolled my window down, and he shouted, WHAT'S YOUR PHONE NUMBER?Traffic picked back up, I rolled up my window, waved and smiled, and pulled away from him and zipped down the freeway. Three weeks later I saw him again in traffic and he did the exact same thing. This time traffic didn't pick up and we were both right next to each other for several minutes. I didn't give him my number -- but I took his. We've been married 25 years and have three kids. 
That's a great wingwoman.  Reward deserved.
> Then he gave my friend double scoop on the house.Is that an innuendo?
Does the Story have an ending? 
Well?!
DAMNIT OP WHAT HAPPENED
Omg I have a crush on him for you. Please tell us how it went! 
back and forth for a semester and he never found out you had a SO? not smooth.
You won!! This is the smoothest. You should've dumped your boyfriend right then. 
Update! Did he give you a dental exam?? Did you make his gums bleed?? Please OP
Take your upvote and your insufferably cute story and GTFO.
That's bleedin' adorable.
Im lowkey in the same boat (but a dude). One day tho.
This story just made me so happy
This is so cute! And a happy ending, congrats!
Username checks out
taro bubble tea is fucking heaven on earth but I'm happy for you two tasteless asswipes
When I buy one, I always ask for bubble tea with no bubbles. Now that I think about it, I've been drinking tea for the last 8 years of my life. Shit.
Bubble iced coffee is the fucking shit.Heathens.
Ah, the Luke Cage technique:Wanna get coffee?I don't drink coffee.Me neither.*Scene cuts to them banging*
How did it go after that?
> eventually you start doing the checking subconsciouslyMan I hate when that happens, because then you're not sure if you did it right so you go back around the time that you drifted out to, and  quickly check every one, it's panicky
I bet his buddy informed him he was being a massive idiot right after you guys split
WARNING: Your results may vary with chase cute girl walking home method.
This is like the cutest one here honestly
Yeah I was always told not to hit on service people they are just doing their job
What was the result ?
So you didn't think it was smooth?
I have this debate all the time.  When out to dinner both bartenders and servers are paid to be nice to you.  Even if it get a little flirty it seems complete innapropes to ask them out at work.  First I'm sure it happens all the time and second that is there place of business, they are there to work, they should be able and comfortable to do that without constantly being asked out.  In an office, that'd be considered harassment. 
I'm a bartender: it's OK if you ask us out. We get asked out a lot. But it's not OK to be an ass if we say no.
>Note: I don't want to be harsh, but bartenders are paid to be nice to you. Be 105% sure someone's into you before you pull a move like this.Oh god, this. This x1000. I can't believe how many men (or people, whatever, I personally haven't had this problem with women) can't make a difference between customer-friendly and flirting-friendly.My advice to people thinking of going back to someone's workplace and asking them out while they are at work is, well, don't. Unless you really are extremely sure there is something there (and that you could actually have a chance with him/her). So if you still do, _please_ understand to back off if they say no and leave them alone. Since you are putting them in a place where they can't tell you to fuck off and have to remain polite, there is nothing more uncomfortable than an idiot who thinks harassing someone at work is persisting and charming and not creepy and annoying like it is.
Of all the innuendos, I've never heard anyone call a dick a telescopeEdit: Alright, I get it. Telescope can be an innuendo for dick. I didn't need so many descriptive explanations greeting me first thing in the morning.
I'd love to show you my 4 microscope.
Clearly these noobs don't know this refers to an 8 aperture diameter or there would be many more jokes here.
To anyone looking at this thread who doesnt know, thisis the proper way to accept a refusalSource: happened to me, she found me a few months later and we dated for a year and some change. Still good friends.Edit- the conversation as best I can remember. Mehey, ive been thinking for a while, think you'd like to go out on saturday?HerNo, but thanksMeoh, okay, see you 6th period.Source^2 : Its the polite thing to do anyway ya doof.
Holy shit that is picturesque. I'm imaging a girl in a pale yellow back-less dress setting on to a subway, surrounded by graffiti, and looking back over her shoulder at some unseen person outside of the frame. Anyone feel like drawing that? I can't direct a model even if I could afford to hire one for a photo shoot. 
I always lose my shit at the Ciabatta bread part 
Ill upvote this every time i see it
Fart like a Clydesdale lol
one time my dad said u better not flush that god damn toilet and i didnt hear him so i flushed it anyways boy was he mad he called me shitboy and glued lemon peels to my neck
So you're knocking on doors pretty early and feeling tired and spaced out by those 10, 12 hours days you've been working all summer to pay for one more college semester. You knock on the last door and a woman your age answers in jammies and a t-shirt; she's got sleepy-eyes and her hair's a little mussed, but she's lovely. Whoa! What ..what was I ...oh yeah, toilets. Damn, I feel like a fool. He mumbles his prepared speech and turns to go: Say something, say something! He looks down at his orange vest, dirty jeans and work boots and keeps walking, but he can't get her out of his mind.  Later, he gets a crumpled work order from his pocket and leaves a hasty note on her door, hoping he'll get an answer, but she never calls. Years later, he's a successful homebuilder. He sits alone at home in a huge empty house with all the lights on, sipping Laiphriog  while some music plays quietly in the background.    Someday she'll call. He pours another Scotch. 
Did you go?
You know, this is just goofy enough that I think I'm going to try it. 
Thats actually so fucking awesome
This sounds like a really cute Disney short 
Is there a longer story to this?
That opening line sounds like an innuendo.
doodling each otherThat's how I ended up with 3 kids
Ooooh doodling.....my mind went a different way.
I need a coffee shop and an umbrella.
You're distracting is hella smooth
The you're distracting guy was SUPER smooth. Did you contact him?
Number two was real smooth, I approve.
You're distracting, fuck off.
Specially made username just for this post?
>>I almost shaved for him too.  I'm gonna need more info on what you mean by this.
I had a guy ask me that once too! It wasn't him trying to hit on me, though. It was just him being adorable
Oh
I kind of feel like being at a BDSM party is already enough of an ice breaker...
yaaas
Well you already had at least one if the same kinks...
Careful! The lack of pressure can lead to an increase in volume, as well as a decrease in temperature and number of moles!
I went on so many dates doing this.  I used online dating sites alot and when I found somone I was intersed in I would just send hi I like your profile, would you like to get a coffee and chat sometime  worked way better then drawing out long bs converstions via email.
No words needed.
Literally smooth
Needs an eyebrow wiggle at the end.
Probably just trying to find out if you were a hoe.
This is how all my relationships start
One can only dream to get this kind of treatment from a someone <3
That vocabulary must be on point.
That is so fucking adorable, I love it. 
Similar story, years ago: I was cashiering at an arts and crafts store.  Two guys my age came in and were buying fabric paint and t-shirts.  I recommended that they get the cardboard t-shirt inserts to make painting on the shirts easier.  Several hours later, one of them came back through my line, and all he was buying was a (rather expensive) pen. I looked up at him and said, Just the pen? He responded with, Well, I was hoping I could use it to write down your number. Smooth as fuck.  We dated for about six months.
How did that end for him? 
My panties are soaked. 
Lol, fantastic
But what card is a zero
*flashback*-And, uh, then I kissed her.-Tongue?-Yeah.-Cool
Well, we could eat dates, I was thinking more a proper meal in a restaurant.
Honesty about your IBS will go a long way with guys...
I think this has to be most clever one
its the dad joke of asking someone out.
That's like the guy who said to a girl:> Do you want a kiss?> >What?> Do you want a kiss? *pulls out a bag of hershey's kisses from pocket*
Never asked anyone out, but I assume that's how it is going to go.
Certain type of nipple?
Let's take a moment to pay our respects to our fallen brother. 
I almost jumped out of my window when I saw she said no
> so we walked around and took photosSo that wasn't a date?
Why did your relationship with him end?
we're good friends now.good. friends. now. friends.
When I was at college I'd see the same guy on the bus home every day. We'd exchange smiles but never talk. One night I was out at a club with my friends and I saw him. He smiled at me and walked over. I went to say hello and he kissed me without saying a word. I was pretty surprised but I kissed him back then he said I'm sorry. It's just that I've wanted to do that for ages. It wasn't exactly smooth, but it was enough to impress 18 year old me!
*Mission failed, we'll get em' next time!*
Did he ask for a date? He was obviously interested in more than friendship, so why just friends now?
This kinda reminds me of how my boyfriend of almost 10 years asked me out. We met at a mutual friend's housewarming party. We ended up talking all night. At one point in the conversation, he took out his phone, opened a new contact entry, handed it to me, and said, You're giving me your number, with this adorable little smile that guys get when they think they're being hilarious.I thought he was cute, and we'd been flirting for hours, so obviously this was thoroughly charming. Plus, since he was already giving a couple of his other friends rides home, he graciously offered to drop me off on the way so I didn't have to walk 20 blocks by myself in January at 2:00 am. So chivalrous.He waited the requisite 3 days to call and ask me to coffee. Annnnd, like I said, 10 years later, we're still together.
If i did this i'd get slapped.... at least that's what i'd tell myself as i pull up at the door and drive away defeated.
Ha, I've had a guy pull the you left something in my car, can you come get it? Except, it went something like this:Him (via text): Hey, you left your scarf in my car, can you come back and get it?Me: I wasn't wearing a scarf, must be someone else's.Him: No, really, you left your scarf in here, you should come get it.Me: Is scarf an innuendo?Him: No....Him: Yes, can you come down?Specificity was almost his downfall. 
Damn. I need to get a flip phone
>something's come upGiggity. 
Swoon. 
Two minutes?  That's a fucking eternity in a situation like that.  
So which song is about you? Username suggests Shake It Off
Well yeah 7 will give you that kind of confidence 
> and we shared few enjoyable moments.Do you mean *a* few, or did you mostly share disagreeable moments?
Does this also work in the condom section?
As a male, I've been told to never do that. There's no good response for the cashier/barista/waitress. Either she says no and rejects you publicly or she can't say yes because it's unprofessional and she can get punished for it.
Very clever! Did you take him up on it? 
Hahha i held the car door open recently on my first date as a joke and the girl wouldn't stop smiling. Do girls really like this?
Why is holding the door a problem?
Is your wife named Niko?
Cousin, let's go out bowling today!
I never took girls on rides when i had my motorcycle. I felt like it was too much of a liability, plus, if you dont lean correctly you could put us off balance. Unfortunate really, with the exhaust under the seat the thing vibrated like a sybian lol. 
O'DOYLE RULES!
The fact that he had business cards printed for this shoves this into a non-smooth category 
Now that's a practical man: you see a girl? you like her? Put down a business card, write an offer, wait for the best response.GE-NI-US!
> On our first date, he said he hated black people at an all you can eat Mongolian grill.Weird. Does he hate black people when they aren't at the Mongolian grill, too?
To be honest I don't see anything smooth about that, it's just kinda creepy. 
Queue the I'm not racist but...
Genuine human interaction goes a long way!  It paves the way to proper/enduring love.  :D
This is similar to my story! We both worked at the same grocery store, and also took classes at the college. I was a cashier, he was a produce clerk. One day my till phone got a call from the produce phone, and when I answered he asked when my break was - cashiers have scheduled breaks, but in the other departments you can go for a break whenever as long as it doesn't mess up the department. I told him when, he said he'd see me then.  After that day, we hung out occasionally at the college. We'd go for lunch and coffee, but he wanted to go mini golfing. This should have tipped me off that he was interested, but I was naive. We went to the mini golfing place one day but it was closed, so we went to his house and played Borderlands. I met his parents and dogs.  Eventually I told him I had a boyfriend, and we stopped hanging out so much. Then he went away for school, and I thought that was the last I'd see him.  I broke up wth my boyfriend two years later, and couldn't get this former coworker off my mind. I even got the balls to message him, though it turns out he doesn't use that service anymore. But a week later, while on my last break at work, he came in and sat in front of me and said hey! He was back from school and, like every summer for the past four years, was working at the store again. As I left for the evening we exchanged phone numbers again.  We ended up dating for six months before I went to school. I miss him. 
2 dates then marriage? Jesus, that's fast.
2 dates and then marriage? 22 years? What the fuck?
jedi mind tricked you into marriage.
Ugh this is just such an obvious pre-rehearsed line. I guess some people like that, but the ability to say something situation-specific and genuine is so important to me. I find canned lines so gross 
Quit trying to sell your PUA videos on here, go back to youtube.
That just sounds creepy. Something you'd expect an overconfident guy to say, someone who thinks confidence=girlfriend.
What if my name isn't Blackflames64?
Dude, being in the computer science department sucks. All, yes *all*, the women are either taken or gay.
I wish that you said some absurdly high number of tickets and some little nerdy boy got all excited and had the right amount of tickets and slammed them down on the counter in front of that guy. 
I dunno about this one. It's something you could definitely do after dating for a bit, but to pull this on a first date?
That's sad
This guy's chill
He is still 15. 
E.g. Guys who got their foot in the door only to find the room was occupied. 
The rule of being attractive and not being unattractive applies everywhere
Those are the best type of girls.
We are taking notes. [Else it would end like this.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Obgnr9pc820)
Did you get it?
most wingwomen are actually pieces of shit but that one,THAT ONE deserves a fuckin medal 
2 Girls. 1 Cone
Yep friend got an extra scoop on the house
Divorce. 
Murder. 
It's the BIG SHOW!
Unfortunately I was dating someone at the time and had to decline but I'll never forget how cute that was. 
Right.... 
that's rood, dood
Ja, GTFO. You make me sick, reading about your happiness, who gives af
*leans in*
>happy for you two tasteless asswipes I'm dying. I think that's enough reddit for today 
The fuck is bubble tea?
Sounds like you were just hit by realitea
We went out for about 3 months till his placement ended, then he moved back to the Virgin Islands. Kept in contact for a while, but eventually drifted apart.edit: oh, and he ded.
he ded
Buddy: You're a dumbass you know that?Him: Where the hell did that come from?Buddy: She's into you man, how can you not see it?Him: What? Her? No way we just have class together. I mean she's cute but there is no way she is into me...right?Buddy: You two were talking the whole time we've been walking, I've been riding the third wheel so hard I have tire marks on my ass man. She laughed at your stupid cow joke that god knows is not funny, you're niece who is 5 doesn't even laugh at it. I'm just saying man you're being a massive idiot just walking away and not getting her number.Him: *flashbacks* oh shit... gotta run, catch up to you later!
Isn't that the truth. I tried this once and all I got were screams and questions about where my pants were.
Remember these top tips first!1) Women can sometimes feel vulnerable walking alone at night, so wait until they're walking at night before running towards them. It shows your protective side and they'll feel less alone.2) The faster you run the more it shows you're into them, so really break out into a sprint, leaping over small obstacles scores bonus points.3) It might be cold out so make sure to wear a large trench coat, gloves and a balaclava. 4) You might be out of breath by the time you reach her so to avoid this simply yell out the words while sprinting towards her, this also saves time.
Except bouncers. I love being hit on 
I thought that, but then one day this bartender started pouring drinks extra heavy and bought me a sex on the beach. I wasn't even tipping more than usual.  Now to me this seemed like a sign, so I went for it. Nope, still not a sign.  
One joke from a stand-up comedian in his creepy-guy character summarized it perfectly, in a reversed sort of way:When I'm starved for love, I go to a pub, and I hit on the bartender.  Not because she's cute, but because she can't go away.
First (and probably last) time a customer pick-up line has ever worked on me. 
No, she's saying she did think it was smooth but when it comes to hitting on bartenders, specifically, this is the exception, not the rule. 
There's nothing wrong with picking up on the wrong signals and asking someone out.  Don't be creepy about it.  If they say no, I have a boyfriend, etc, move on, have a nice night, and leave a good tip.  
It gives you a view of the mysteries of her universe
How else would you show her the milky way?
Well mine does get longer when you pull on it...
Do you use it to see your dick?
I'll admit I was thinking that's an 8 inch long telescope is pretty short 
I thought the proper way to accept a refusal was, Whatever. You're ugly anyway. Bitch.Edit: It felt wrong writing that.
So does she
You were the tall brunette with the near perfect body that farted in the [Trader Joe's] bread section last night. I was the tall guy next to you that looked over and asked, Was that you? You quickly replied, No, wasn't me! You almost seemed insulted I would ask. As the stink grew, you continued to deny your flatulence, but it was evident. I tried to get rid of the stench by waving two loaves of Ciabatta bread. You proceeded to storm off in an angry manner. You are beautiful even if you are a liar and fart like a Clydesdale. I'd love to meet up sometime. -some guy from craigslist
You were the tall brunette with the near perfect body that farted in the [Trader Joe's] bread section last night. I was the tall guy next to you that looked over and asked, Was that you? You quickly replied, No, wasn't me! You almost seemed insulted I would ask. As the stink grew, you continued to deny your flatulence, but it was evident. I tried to get rid of the stench by waving two loaves of Ciabatta bread. You proceeded to storm off in an angry manner. You are beautiful even if you are a liar and fart like a Clydesdale. I'd love to meet up sometime. -some guy from craigslist
HA!what?!
The ole lemon peel punishment. 
> He pours another Scotch.  The phone rings. He thinks No way. It would be so weird if it was her. He picks the phone up, hesitates just a few seconds, and says Hello? A nervous voice on the other end says Is this Stan?  Yes, this is he. Can I help you? Now he's really nervous because that voice...that voice is so familiar yet he had only heard it once before when that young woman said OK, thanks for telling me.  Did you used to work for the city? Like the sewer department or whatever it's called?  Yes I did, about 15 years ago. Why do you ask? But he knew why she was asking. He *knew*! His heart was pounding in his chest at this point like it was that day 15 years ago.  I think you left a phone number for my twin sister, but she was too nervous to call you and never told me about it. I think she was afraid I'd call you, and I would have! She said you were cute and nice. That was long ago. On her deathbed she handed me this note, and I'm just calling you now to let you know she's dead, and honestly I'm very sorry because it won't be long now before the police show up and I have to go. Anyway, nice talking to you.
Oh god. I am a monster! This is...was it you?! Haha
You should write more often. That was great!
Ugh. No. And I regret it. I was in high school and very very shy when it came to dates. I always thought people were making fun of me- or as soon as we went out they would quickly realize I was weird. I had this fear that I was living a real life Shes All That so I never called him. 
I hope not. She wouldn't be able to flush it
Unless you're in 8th grade, please don't 
Hey here's a watering can, wanna fuck?
It might even be worthy of being a pixar short. 
Here you go  https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=MK7PannF2cQ
Uh, yes! However, it's not a happy, sappy love-story ending and reddit tends to HATE reality so I decided to withhold it. Anyway, I had just gotten out of a really messy long-term relationship and I was in desperate need of being on my own and loving myself before I'd ever be able to be close to anyone else. I didn't want to lead him on so I told him basically just that and he understood. He doesn't come by as often anymore but I really do enjoy talking to him when he does!
No responce, op is dead.
Hahaha, I didn't even notice that. My whole life kind of seems like an innuendo these days though...
doodle me like your one of your ~~french girls~~ neko girls owo
Diddling and doodling (   ) 
If you are fat, people will think you are Totoro.
When I wrote my vows, one of the lines I wrote was From the day we met, you've distracted me, captivated me,... (etc.)I actually meant it literally because we met in school and she LOVES to interrupt me when I'm studying or reading or playing video games or whatever, but I didn't realize how well the line worked until her grandmother comes up to me afterwards and says Oh my goodness, your vows.  I couldn't keep it together.  When you talked about her distracting you, it took me back...
I did! Went on one date, but it was still too soon for me. He was very nice, I could tell the note was genuine. 
Ha, ya. Not hiding anything from my current person, just got a new phone and couldn't remember my password, lol. My bf now had a pretty good one though. On our first date he drove me home and he had just bought a new car and we were talking about the awesome features it had. Me: Oh, it has heated seats! I love heated seats!Him: Yeah, it has heated hand warmers too.Me(a couple drinks in and gullible): No way, where?!Him: *holds hand out*Though, he definitely initially had me won over when earlier in the night he sat next to me and said, hey, if you were a pirate would you put your parrot in this shoulder, *points to my shoulder closest to him* or this one? *taps the shoulder further away and then wraps his arms around me, scooting closer*Edit: additional note - showing up on the second date with flowers is AWESOME.
I usually hit hibernation from November through March and refuse to shave my legs. Then we got together for about a month during which I almost shaved but he didn't mind the fur. 
Not OP but she probably doesn't shave unless someone is going to see her naked. 
He was definitely hitting on you. 
Or an assbreaker if you will
PV = nRT
Just the way I like it...(Although technically, that would only be true if there was a decrease in pressure from an earlier high-pressure state. Come on, son. Work that science.)
Loss of pressure cannot cause a decrease in the number of moles. It works the other way round (reducing the number of moles would reduce the pressure).
Thanks dad
I'd say my ability to figure out stupid tricks and puzzle themes has improved far more. Fucking Will Shortz.
Thanks! I thought it was pretty brilliant approach, I'm not usually too eager to talk to strangers, don't know if I would have given him a chance otherwise. He also said he wanted to find out if I was a dummy or not. Sure fooled him.
dude buys a pen and gets a 6 months relationship...now that's investment
it's mutual, but we're good friends and don't want to ruin it. so, well?
And that's how you know he already has at least one kid.
Sooooo, anal?I have IBS.Oh, okay, ummm... Right.
impromptu too... i don't just walk around eating dates all the time
Ha. Pale red head girls tend to have similar tits. 
F
They got to the end of the book. 
It just wasn't working out too well. He was a little too controlling.
a moment for our fallen brother in the friend zone
Alright alright, in my defence I was recently seeing someone at the time. A few weeks prior and it would've worked like a charm.
Press F to pay respects
Why even add these endings, they just ruin the good feels I have 
A moment of silence for this brother in the friendzone.
Wow, he really went for it. 20 year old me is impressed.
> I went to say hello and he kissed me without saying a wordThat mans name?  Donald Trump
[Relevand XKCD](https://xkcd.com/1372/)
I knew what I was doing. 
Seriously, even 20 seconds of just standing around in silence after asking someone something is an anxiety nightmare.
Well, she gave me a handjob, so go figure. (   )
howtochangethatname: Hey, what kind of condoms does your boyfriend use?  I can't decide which ones I should pick.howtochangethatname's coworker: Magnums.howtochangethatname: Shit.
As a former female cashier, that advice was spot on.  Especially when you reject them and they get pissy about it or pester you further.  I've had this used on me too many times to count.Him: I'd like it if you could give me your phone number.Me: I'm sorry, I'm married/can't do that/that's not professional/I don't have a phone/etc.* Your husband doesn't need to know. (I'm married to a girl, ok.)* Oh, you're a lesbian.  I'm into that. (Ew!)* Your boss doesn't have to know.* You're lying.  Why you gotta treat me like that?And you are expected to keep a smile and answer professionally as it escalates.
I did :). Nice fella!
Most of us do, yes. It's a lovely show of respect and good manners. 
Yes, very much
Yup. Did it on accidental autopilot on my first date and every first date since, and the girl always smiles.I do it on subsequent dates sometimes too. 
She is saying she is in trouble as in it will be hard for her to back out now because she knows she will really like him. 
And are you his cousin?
That's why you only pull skinny ass with the bike. Even if they don't lean as far as you'd like they only have so much mass to affect the bike.
Look at that subtle off white coloring, the tasteful thickness of it. Oh my god. It even has a watermark. 
Pretty sure he wrote on the card....
it puts in firmly in the i cast a wide net slimeball/creeper territory. the very insincerity and generic nature of the line is borderline insulting
Cue
Our second date did last almost 24 hours, but still....
I don't actually recommend it.  We ended up waiting 6 months before we got married because our parents  pushed for a wedding instead of eloping. But yeah -- don't do what I did.
Or non-existent.
She liked it. My dad still refers to this guy as her crazy ex. He dated her right after. They're both in their 60s now.
I respect her for giving him a chance, I know the feeling and most girls wouldn't have considered him past the first no.
I just don't believe that anyone's ever really been interested in me (being bullied at a young age will make you think everyone's out to get you) so I have to take the initiative if I want something.
she said no
Well she didn't really do anything medal worthy. Any semi- decent person should do what she did.
Just curious, how?
2 Scoops. 1 Cone
They didn't go back, they had what they needed.An extra scoop on the house
You ruined it!
You were supposed to lie to us. 
Yeah, who cares, in fact describe it in greater details just so I can hold back my anger at it.  And not, y'know, die from the huge grin these stories give me.
*Leans waaaaaay back*
You're just starting. 
A type of Asian tea that has tapioca pearls in it
Ugh. It's over priced tea with little gelatin balls in it. You drink it through a huge straw so you literally get balls in your mouth and throat while you're drinking your $6 disgustingly sweet tea.Idk, some people like it. I think it's nasty af.
In my experience, it's the pumpkin spice equivalent for men in the corporate world.
It's a drink/phenomena for Asian people and white hipsters -An Asian person who lives in SF
Libertea, Egalitea, Fraternitea.
what
How did he de?
maybe he ded, maybe he dedn't, but what did he maybe do?
You forgot to add, as he running awayHim:*yelling back at buddy* The cow joke is funny asshole!
> Been riding the third wheel so hard i have tire marks on my assHave an upvote, ~~good Sir~~ you Mad Cunt.
Ugh, that was me, except I made it all the way back to the men's dorm. There was one girl in our group of friends, and we all came back from a night out. We were walking toward the dorms when the other guys started walking all fast. So I'm there walking with her--a woman I had been developing a major crush on over the past couple of months, I should add--and I'm like, well, I wouldn't just walk all fast and leave her alone...... at least not while we're still on the sidewalk that leads to both of the dorms.I knew if I was a gentleman and walked her all the way to her dorm she'd know. So when the sidewalk split, I said, Well, good night, and I proceeded to walk, like an idiot, back to the men's dorm, leaving her to walk by herself back to the women's dorm, when she had clearly wanted me walk her back.But she's my wife now, so it wasn't a complete disaster.
100% I refuse to believe that anything else but this happened 
Ain't that the truth. And they get all mad when you hump their leg. It's just how you say hello.
Hit bouncers, got it.
They bought you a sex on the beach. OK what did you do? How did you mess that up? Personally I find asking your wife for permission to go home with the bartender tends to turn them off. And worse your wife accidentally bolts the front door so you sleep in the shed on that couch you promised to fix two years ago that now smells faintly of mothballs and cat piss. I'm just saying...
So when is the wedding?
Step 1: Be attractive
Well *my* daddy taught me how not to rip the skin by using someone else's mouth instead of your own hands
rekt
LOL
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_burn_centers_in_the_United_States
I'd say that the poor man had a family, but I doubt it if he really does need that microscope.
Tyrannosaurus REKT!
But that's how the nice guys do it! 
I try to save us both time and just use that as my opening line
 Whatever. You're ugly anyway. Bitch. - Donald Trump
Goddamn I love Reddit
i don't get it either. i think its a combination of shit and boy but it keeps me up at night
Wait...>it won't be long now before the police show up and I have to go.Did her sister murder her?
Oh, my...I'm gonna need more Scotch.
No, just bored on a Saturday. Hope I made ya laugh.
Oh man... missed chances... life is sometimes regret.
You'd be surprised how many people do the same thing. It wasn't until I was in my twenties that I looked back and realized there were three or four girls in high school who were genuinely interested in me and I thought they were either fucking with me or were just being nice.
Or very attractive and of very specific personality
I do think that rule 1. and 2. applies here. Or you know beforehand that it's something they'd find funny.
Not surprised it didn't work for him. I was like whaaaaat and then I read this and I'm like yuuuuuup.
Alive and well! Sitting in my chocolate shop as we speak!
Ah, le doodle.  C'est magnifique.
*cat girls
Up vote for the pain.
I have not an ounce of smoothness in me. If I tried something like this, it would come out like, Jesus Christ are you fundamentally incapable of doing anything but disturbing me at every moment?!
>he didn't mind the fur I'm sure that's what he said. 
Was his name Tormund?
And even then, only if she really cares to make an impression!
I would definitely ask someone to do this with me with no ulterior motive. Although I come from Australia, so I've never built a snowman before.
sounds ideal
HERESY! THIS EQUATION IS BARELY FUNCTIONAL IN ANY CIRCUMSTANCE. EVERYONE KNOWS THE IDEALEST EQUATION IS REIDLICH-KWONGRESIST THE IDEAL GAS LAW! RESIST!
So you both have crushes on each other, both know this fact, and not pursuing more means not ruining it? I respect that you are good friends and want to keep that relationship, a few questions though. What would happen if one of you meets someone else? Would you be able to stay friends if you see him with another woman? Would you feel comfortable in your new relationship while continuing to hang out with a friend you had a crush on? There are no wrong answers here, it is just something to think about.
For god's sake go on a date with him! If it's mutual then you're literally barricading him off for no reason. He's your friend, great, but if you both want to be more than do it. Ruining your friendship is a cop out. 
A moment of silence for our fallen comrade. 
Good friends is the foundation for a good relationship, tbqh. You already know how to be comfortable around each other, and if you're both mature, you can absolutely end up being friends if you break up. 
Are you crazy!? if it's mutual GO FOR IT!
My fiance and I were very good friends before we started dating. He helped me get out of an abusive relationship and get through the ugly breakup. We developed mutual feelings and we had the same reservations as you- we were such good friends, what if we dated and it didn't work out and we lost each other forever?But now we've been together almost 11 years and we're getting married.I'd really, really encourage you to give it a go. Even just one date could be enough for you two to see if there's potential. Yeah, your friendship could be ruined, or it could go to a level you never thought possible. It's worth it.
it *is* possible for friends to be friends, and then date, and even stop dating and stay friends (and years later we got back together actually).  It um. It was not the easy road to take, though. It was very, very rough, at more than a few places. Bad-bad. And honestly it nearly did ruin our friendship. At one point a mutual friend had a sit-down with us and basically scolded us for acting like children (we were) and all our friends shunned us for a good few weeks because of our bickering (oh, yeah, we were living together post-breakup, *do not attempt*).
I heard 5 of my favorite words. You have my attention.
Prove it.
Hey. That's true. Fuck.
Ex body piercer here. Can confirm. Have seen 1000s of nipples. 
F
U
This is my favorite comment. I love you.
Let's raise a cup of tea to our brave warrior!Friendhalla!
Ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
F for Friend Zone.
cold-hearted 
*American titties !*
Aside from the size of the woman (first girl to ask was 5'6 and built very well), its still a liability. I dont like having someones life in my hands like that. Sure, if i wreck and die, i was doing what i loved. If shes there, she just wanted to see where a cute guy with a bike would take her. Sorry if it seems skewed, thats just how i always felt. 
It's bone.
Nope, they were pretty nice, actually! He said he'd made the design and printed them through vistaprint.com lol 
Qweew
24 hours? There has got to be some kind of legendary story behind this. Would you mind sharing?
And they'd have good reason not to. A person who doesn't respect boundaries and who doesn't take no for an answer already has a few red flags against them.
Well at least you know.
Well not everyone can think fast enough or be sure if the friend really wants the date, she was more helping the guy here.
exactly because there is a rare amount of ((SEMI-DECENT)) people in this world now therefor her actions are worthy of a medal 
I dunno, as a guy with guy friends, we all enjoy trying to fuck up each other's chances with people. Unless we know (and we tend to) that our friend is really into somebody, we'll cockblock the fuck out of him.Why? That's what guy friends are for.EDIT: I should have clarified that this is usually done if somebody's trying to just get with somebody, and not be with them. Like, if we know that one of our friends likes a girl, then we'll get out of his way, but if him hooking up with someone is clearly a bad idea, we try to prevent him from making a mistake in the first place. It's not as dickish as I originally made it seem.EDIT 2: It turns out that my friends are just kinda shitty. Well, fuck.
I never face palmed so hard before
No, it'sYOU BLEW IT!
Totally RUINED.
The girl thought his printed out paper asking her out was adorable, and the guy was kind of cute, so **she agreed to go out to lunch with him.**The next day they went to a little cafe by the park. At the bottom of the menu she noticed a printed message: **Will you marry me?**She thought it was adorable so she accepted the proposal.At the wedding that weekend, she was overcome with love and happiness. Tears were rolling from her eyes as the church priest asked her groom, **Do you take this woman from pre-med class to be your lawfully wedded wife?**The man took a handkerchief from his pocket and wiped away his bride's tears. Printed on the handkerchief was a message: **I do.**
What are you, fucking gay?
The fuck is tapioca pearls?
Now that's just confused me more
Hmm. I'm latina and love boba teas. I guess I'm secretly asian or a white hipster.
**We went out for about 3 months till his placement ended, then he moved back to the Virgin Islands. Kept in contact for a while, but eventually drifted apart.****edit: oh, and he ded.**
Classic Shmosby.
No that is after he gets her number catches back up to his buddy thanks him, then realizes the slight he made at his cow joke.
Guys, i think we found the dog
Are bouncers really service people? Bouncers have always done me a disservice. 
And get thrown in a dumpster for your trouble 
Yeah, so honestly what probably happened is she just wanted to have a one night stand, which I'd normally be down for, but then she said she was getting off at 4am, and it was like 2, and I was already getting tired (long day). I went for a phone number and she shot that down, which I understand. 
2 am. Mandatory 100 cups of coffee.
Step 2: Don't be unattractive.
 Not rekt  REKT
Holy fucking shit
Only after 3 months of stalking.
You...I like you.
Are we gonna gloss over the lemons peels part of that comment or what? 
We prefer the term euthanized. 
You made her feel awful good job man
/r/writingprompts bamboozles again
WHAT ARE YOU DOING MAN, THIS IS YOUR CHANCE TO BE SMOOOOOOOOTH
Now you tell me! I got myself all hyped up and just fucking tried this. I didn't have a watering can, but I have several gasoline cans in my garage. I grabbed two of them and ran down the street to the cute girl's house. She answered the door, and I was still really out of breath from running. I sort of shouted words in between huffs while waving the gas cans around wildly. It was something like, YOU -- GO OUT -- SORRY -- I -- GAS CANS -- NO WATER -- REDDIT  -- ONE SEC.    Her dad came to the door screaming and saying he was gonna call the cops. Anyhow, I'm too old for this shit anyway. I haven't tried running like that in 30 years at least.
Not quite sure what you're insinuating.. but I wasn't interested in a relationship and I knew he was. I wasn't about to let him spend his hard earned money on me when I had no intention to develop things further with him (or anyone else for that matter).
Well when he stroked my legs every chance he got...
Sounds like unfair body image thrust upon gases by chauvinistic scientists to me.
I had exactly this, then she fell in love with someone else and it destroyed our friendship.
exactly this.
Exactly! My boyfriend and I were best friends first, and have been together for 5 years. I want these people to go on a date.
Ha, tend, to, have, and similar?
C
Palhalla 
The whole  I find you attractive. If you happen to find me attractive too, email me. part was printed on the card?
Nice try, vistaprint!
She was in it for for the free ice cream
That's messed up. I mean I wouldn't even cockblock my enemies let alone my freinds.
Yeah, that's fucked.  I'd never seen behaviour like that until I came out West.  I was generally the icebreaker too when we went out, so I was mind blown.
Typical friendzoning Stacy. No wonder us nice guys don't have a chance. REEEEEEEEEEE!!!!
A type of little edible bead
Wait, I don't get it?
Hit them.
Ah well that's rational and completely understandable. One of the more reasonable wrong time and place moments.
To shreds, you say?
Hey shitboy you wanna grab a coffee some time?Edit: Ciabatta bread
I mean, what about it? It sucks, but what are you going to do when it happens? 
maybe sis worked in child care.  Then its youthenized.
He was probably either sending a polite hint or getting used to the concept.
K
Yep, it sure was! 
Who isn't 
REEEEEEEEEEEE!!!!!!!!!!
stupids chads!
>edible bead(   )
3 months is approximately 90 days. The Virgin Islands is in the Caribbean. Drifted apart is a metaphor meaning talked less frequently. He ded means he is now a soulless rotting corpse. 
Or get a group of drunk guys and go bouncer-tipping.  They love that.
Get all the lemon stealing whores. 
Maybe she works in child care in Shanghai. Then it's Youth in Asia.
Or collecting static electricity to keep his circuits fresh.
H
That implies that you supposedly weren't the only one who got one
Has anyone ever pmed you a homemade trebuchet?
idk why those things are popular, its just chewy and tasteless like gum with no flavor.
Can you further explain this to me?
E
90 days is 2160 hoursThe Caribbean is in the gulf of mexico.Talked less frequently means that they stopped calling as often with an increased interval each day.Souless rotting corpse means his body is now a cadaver slowly decaying beneath soil.But dont let this distract you from the fact that in 1998, The Undertaker threw Mankind off Hell In A Cell, and plummeted 16 ft through an announcer's table
R
>90 days is 2160 hours>The Caribbean is in the gulf of mexico.>Talked less frequently means that they stopped calling as often with an increased interval each day.>Souless rotting corpse means his body is now a cadaver slowly decaying beneath soil.>But dont let this distract you from the fact that in 1998, The Undertaker threw Mankind off Hell In A Cell, and plummeted 16 ft through an announcer's tableI think this is the part specifically where I'm getting lost.
With god as my witness, that man is broken in half
r/SquaredCircle is leaking again.
Go to bed.
Spanking
Timeout in your bedroom
A nap
Getting socks as presents.
Eating your vegetables. Now as an adult I would GLADLY take a plate of well cooked fruits and veggies versus junk food.
Sit quietly and read for an hour.
Leftovers. I am not sure why I hated them as a kid, but as a college student now leftovers are like gifts of laziness from my past self to my future me.  
Death
Cancelled plans. 
Taking a bath, I'd die to not bathe as a kid, now if I could live in a warm tub I would. 
Got a gift card for Bass Pro Shops from my gramma this year.Went and got two pairs of pants, a comfy jacket, and some pajamas.As a kid, I would have sold it to someone for cash.
Sleep
I suppose not necessarily a punishment but eating lunch alone as a child is the WORST! Eating lunch alone as an adult is peaceful and quite enjoyable. 
Cant go out. You mean stay home on a saturday? Great!
So help me, if you don't behave I will turn this car around THIS INSTANT and we will go home straight to bedThank god.So help me, if you don't behave I will turn this car around THIS INSTANT and we will go home straight to bedThank god.
Getting choked
When I read this I immediately thought of the card from Cards Against Humanity, Daddy's Belt
Go sit on your own in the corner in silence 
A balanced diet.
Going to bed
Going shopping.
Having to go to bed early. Used to hate that as a kid, now I'd absolutely love to have one night where I didn't go to bed before at least 3am
Having to miss a party. 
Staying in.
A spanking, if you're kinky.
Watching golf
Abuse says my girlfriend
Getting fucked in the ass.
OK it's time to have a snack and then off to bed
Physical punishment. No please spank me harder.
Socks for Christmas. 
Taking a bath. My only peace during the day comes from showering and pooping.
Being spanked, if your into that
Time out
Sex
nap time
Going to bed early.
Smoking the whole pack of cigarettes. I'm not a smoker. Have I understood smoking correctly?
A bath! Oh, I get to sit in warm water by myself and relax? Bring it on! I don't get why my daughter doesn't get that. 
A 5 minute break.
Eating your veggies.Veggies are super expensive in the canadian winter and there are no farmer's markets :(.
Going to bed early 
being told you're tired and grumpy so have a nap. Fought that tooth and nail a kid but I would be leaping into bed and ready for epic nap time as an adult.
Not allowing to spend my allowances and teaching me how to save from young.Thanks OPs mom.
Spanking.
A spanking
Having the time to go clean my room
Naps!
Nap time
Go to bed.
Stay in your room and don't talk to anybody.
One for me would be not being allowed to go to the store with my mom. I would get sooo sad bec it was so fun for me but now I haaaate going to the store.
Going to school
Spinach. Gross as a kid. Throw that in a pasta as an adult? Heck yeah brother! *Hulk Hogan voice*
You're grounded
Going to bed early. 
No computer. I can be so much more productive without it.
Eating oysters. True story! 
I think it is Timeout alone in your room
I bet someone said this already, but getting sent to bed early. I would pay money to go to bed early now. 
Patience 
spanking 
Quite time.    Yes please! (And i don't even have kids yet)
Getting socks for christmas.
Spanking
Banished to the corner
A spanking
A nap
Going to bed early whether than staying up late. 
Nap time or time out.
Broccoli. Ohhhh my god do I love me some broccoli.
Spanking;) 
Naptime.
Go to your room, and stay there until dinner!
A spanking!... so I hear at least.
Staying in your room.
vegetables
Spankings
Going to bed early!
Butt sex.
Naps
Someone checking your (home)work
Alone time.  
Getting spanked.
A spank
Spankings. I love being spanked. As a kid, lots of tears... Now? MMMM YES PLEASE. Should I bend over your lap or the table for this?
Do you want me to take you home!?
cocaine
Cleaning up. Nothing makes me feel more productive and accomplished.
Not going to a party.
Spanking
Fabricland
Spanking ;) 
Spankings. 
A nice hard spanking 
A spanking 
Socks for christmas.
Eating healthy food.
sex
Spankings.
Family obligations for not being able to socialize.I don't even live near most of my family and now I still use that as an excuse because nobody questions a sister date excuse 
A spanking 
Spankings
Timeout.
A timeout
Receiving socks. I actually asked for socks when my mother asked if I needed anything. 7 year old me would be shocked.
Sitting Boy/Girl/Boy/Girl arrangement.
Spankings 
A spanking <3
Spankings. For those of us that are kinky. 
Spanking
Spanking
Going to the doctors, because I have to vs not going because I have no way to afford it 
Spanking
Divorce 
If you ask a 5 year old girl what she thinks about spankings, and then ask her again in 30 years, I can assure you the answers will be *very* different
Getting spanked
Hired goons.
When your teacher makes you sit in between girls while you make noise with your best friends. 
Sex. Sorry
Brussels sprouts
Smoking an entire pack of ciggs.
I'm sure it's been said but I'll say it again: spanking 
Spankings.......
School
Cleaning! 
go masturbate in the corner 
Go to your room!
Anal
Cold shower for being a 'lil shit.
Your dad beating you
Spanking. 
A spanking
A spanking 
Getting sent to bed early.  
A good ol' slap on your butt.
Alcohol
nap
getting spanked
Anal
Depending on the situation.....spanking
Go to your room....see ya!
Being sent to bed early
Going to sleep early.
Going to bed early
Being sent to my room. I get to take a nap? Woohoo!
Having to endure a quiet night at home, instead of going out.
Early bed time. I would love that right now.
Going to Home Depot.
Naps, I don't take them very often, but when I do, they're fucking amazing.
Nap will have to be the most common answer ITT.
Nap time! The kids I nanny cry and fight it but I'm always excited cause I can nap too 
Honestly eating veggies. I would kill for some veggies right about now; little me would be so ashamed.
Naps!!
Dressing up fancy.
Punching them,in the face, Spraying them with mace, beating them with jumper cables , running over their left foot while calling their teacher to say that they like hardcore anal and their homework has not been started.  The like WWE too.
Nap time
Quiet time
YOU NEED TO GO AND HAVE A SLEEP RIGHT NOW!
Giving them alcohol! 
Anal
I just realized that I never really had any 'serious' punishments as a kid, usually it was just a stern lecture. One time when I was around 4 I was punished by having to sit on a chair and do nothing except watch sports on the TV, so I guess for me it's getting to watch tv.
Sex... My uncle was, ugh, mean with punishments. 
Spanks
Sex
Spanking      ?
Being sent to the corner, in the adult world, the corner office is biggest sign you've made it in the company.
Spanking
SPANKING
Gardening 
Spanking.(   )
Actually cleaning my house.It feels amazing to just clean the house, take a shower and effin' sit in  all the self-made cleanliness :D
Early
I remember crying when I was a kid because my mom made me sleep early. Looking back, that was a damn gift I took for granted.
You could see this coming one hundred miles away.
Agreed. (   )
Not gonna lie, this was the first thing that came to mind, but it wasn't what I was going to post 
You win
Nah, not really.  Nothing compares to the dread my mom gave me when she spanked my ass so hard when I went to my friend's house and spent 4 hours there without telling her, and being threatened to stay home because she wouldn't sign off on a field trip to Great America.  I had to be extra good to make that field trip.  And I was.  
I wish they had kept corporal punishment in schools.EDIT: I like pain.
You think so? Go to Singapore. 
I came to say this.
Disagree.
Dammit you stole it from me.
Yep, came here for this one.
All alone. No noise. 
I've always liked to read so getting sent to my room as a kid was great because I could just relax on the bed and read a book. My mom figured out I was enjoying my punishment and changed it. Instead of getting sent to my bedroom, she made me clean my brother's bedroom.
What do you mean I get to sit in my room for twenty minutes and do *nothing*? 
Hilarious - this is exactly what I was thinking.  
I wish I had a responsible adult around to make me stop watching TV or playing video games and make me just spend time in my room with nothing to do but read books.I'm a 30 year old man.
That's all I ever want
Fairly certain that my parents purposefully gave me timeout in my room so I could cool down while reading a book. They knew I enjoyed it, and it would give me the space to process my feelings. 
beat me to iti guess you snooze you lose
Your mom punished you by making you take a nap? Kudos to her for creativity.
I asked for socks for christmas for the first time in my life. It was scary.
I asked my mother for socks for Christmas last year and was genuinely happy to get them. Fuck, I'm old.
I'd ask for thermal socks.  One pair of those things are worth 20 dollars.  They keep your feet warm working for 6+ hours in 0 degree weather. Even still, they're so warm, your feet start sweating, then the cold starts to seep in and your feet get cold anyways, but it's better than frostbite.   
I have said for a while that you know you're an adult when you get a present like socks, slippers, pajamas etc. And instead of going these aren't real presents you go Brilliant! I need some of those!
Why do you like socks so much?
Yes, people insist on giving me books!
Recently moved out a few months ago. Socks were definitely the best Christmas gift I received. Thanks Dad!
MASTER HAS GIVEN DOBBY A SOCK!!!!!Seriously, I do love getting socks. I lose one all the time and they're not that cheap if you always lose it.
I'm in a sock of the month club. It's my favorite part of every month, honestly.
got clothes for christmas this year, was actually happyive become adult
I'm 26. My mom started doing a stocking type thing for my younger brother and I when I was about 21, since we were adults and out of the house. Step dad thought she was full of shit when she said we loved the stockings, but he didn't understand.    Her stocking contains 2 sticks of (the exact right brand and type) deodorant, 2 packs of smokes, a 4 pack of the good lighters, 8-10 random mini bottles, a card with 5 or so lotto scratchoffs, a gas station gift card (helps cover the cost of visiting for the holidays), several pairs of underwear, a new razor (and a good one at that), a couple candy bars, toothpaste and a four pack of new toothbrushes, and the almighty fat-pack of socks.    If any parents of college aged to mid twenties kids read this, trust me on this- it's the best thing about Christmas. It covers the majority of my basic necessities for a while. Do it for your kids.
It's not really a punishment as a kid, it's just your boring old Aunt effing Linda. 
All my socks are worn through and sometimes I think man I wish I'd get given socks. I cant afford to replace my shitty ones That said my MIL gave me a pair of long socks with ducks on them so they poke through the top of my boots - easily my favourite Christmas present last year 
Omg I love socks
Got some socks for Christmas that were so nice I asked my SO's mother where she bought them so I could get more, I guess she thought I was just being nice but damn these are a dream, not too thin, not too thick, amazing fit, the works.
It took me until now (20 years old) to realize how much tastier fruits and vegetables are than junk food. Not only that, but they don't make you feel like shit and you can eat much more, because they are so low in calories. I wish my parents would have taught me good eating habits, but at least I know now!
Even as an adult I still gag at the taste of most vegetables (especially broccoli). I'll eat the fuck out of some spinach though
Seriously. Affording vegetables would be a luxury.
The reasons kids hate veggies are most people suck at cooking vegetables. People assume kid doesn't want mushy carrots are they're being difficult. I thought I hated carrots till I had them prepared well.  Sweet crunchy savory they're amazing. 
(20 yrs here) I can't really get behind that, mostly because I **still** don't like a lot of the major vegetables and I'm allergic to almost all fruit.
Oh man, as a mother I wish someone would just pay the veggies for me. 2 boys that are always in the middle of growth spurts+a husband the is 6' 4 with a fast metabolism=tons of money spent on fruits and veggies each week. Like enough for people to comment on when I shop at Aldi. Give me a plate of veggies, please. My wallet will thank you. 
I can barely stand candy and super sweets like ice cream anymore. I don't know how I ever did shovel so much down my throat.
http://www.npr.org/sections/thesalt/2011/09/26/140753048/kids-sugar-cravings-might-be-biologicalI think some of that has to do with this.
That was how I passed the time as a kid tho.
The sit-quietly bit might have been trouble, but you tell Past kjata to go read as a punishment and he'd look at you like you'd just said something else equally outlandish that I can't come up with an amusing example of right now.
As a teenager I used to pride myself on finishing every last bite when I went out to eat (no matter how large the portion). Now I eat about half so for the price of one meal I get a second meal for lunch the next day.
Definitely! I make leftovers on purpose now. If I make something with 4 or 5 servings, that's 2 or 3 days that I don't have to cook!
Leftovers are the best. I just made a weeks worth of chicken, pulled pork, BBQ sauce, and mashed potatoes. Microwave for days.
Man. Mom's leftover are awesome. I love it when she leaves me anything she made at her house. So delicious. Pop it in the microwave/oven/whatever I have an easy, delicious meal. 
I still don't like them. Something about microwaving leftover food makes it taste weird to me... most of the time if I have leftovers I'd honestly rather eat them cold than microwave them.
Leftovers were the holy grail when I was a kid (except for mac 'n' cheese). Food I didn't have to wait for my parents to cook! Sweet! My family also prefers foods that make good leftovers.Alternatively my uncle's family hate leftovers and eat out a ton, and they're all morbidly obese so. \\__(_)_/
Me too, thanks
i wanted to die by the age of five, thank you very much
/r/me_irl
Please someone end it for me
Jokes on you, my depression started early!
The goths have arrived, I see.
Absolutely. This happened to me last night right after I got out of shower. I didn't have to put on makeup or do my hair, and was able to spend the night nice and clean in my new pajamas binge watching my favorite show. It was heaven. 
Do people feel the necessity to make plans all the time even if they don't want to go out? If I don't want to go out, I don't make plans. Usually it's a bummer to have cancelled plans because I only make the plans if I want to go. 
Hell yes!
If I could live the rest of my life in [this](https://hydrohammock.com), I'd be set. It's pretty much a hot tub hammock. 
It would need wheels to get to work and whatnot, but not a bad idea at all. 
I hated baths as a kid and now I'm 17 and my main aspiration in life is to make enough money to have a tub big enough for me to stretch out in
What if I told you... that you CAN live in a warm tub. Follow your dreams.
/r/SeinfeldDidIt
100 bucks?
Bass Pro Shop has some of the hypest hoodies, man!
Cash to use to buy weed, right?
YES!! If anyone at work tries to talk to me on lunch, it ruins it! Leave me alone, David! I don't care what your granddaughter is doing with her cats!
At my middle school detention was during lunch where we'd have to eat alone (or with other people who got detention). It sucked.
Yea as a kid I wasn't very social and even mow I'm not. Saturday alone at home. I made plans for that
you said it twice.you said it twice.
Fuck I saw that as a good thing even as a kid. Mostly because I didn't feel like being dragged clothes shopping by my mother for the fifth time that week.
Awful lot of kids getting choked in your vicinity?
You might want to talk to a therapist.
Didn't know Bart Simpson was on reddit.
Why you little!
Suddenly relevant user name. . . 
I'd still rather eat glass than go shopping with other people
To be honest Amazon is amazing. I love shopping as long as it's online. 
you enjoy shopping?
You can get out of it by commenting on everything you see.
Does that make me old? All my friends are on their way to a party at this very moment, while I'm sitting here because I'm just not feeling it tonight.... I don't *feel* old. 
Kinky
A spanking. *ftfy*
A life full of excitement 
Kinky...?
I'm crying
Am smoker. Chainsmoking a whole pack of cigarettes would make me puke forever. 
How.... How did you post? 
> (And i don't even have kids yet)Stay that way, acquire cats. Don't ruin your dreams.
I dunno why you got downvoted, naps, other TV, a door between you and the madness.     
I'm gonna venture and say you didn't read the question.... 
What happened to jumper cable guy?
Bitchin teamwork there, you two. 
I'm an adult, and I still hate going to bed early... I also hate waking up early...
ugh stop talking to me so dirty
Yup, I think the word *banal* describes my comment best. So completely predictable that it's not entertaining in the slightest.
Not if she's blindfolded.
What do I get? *wink wink*
Wtf is Great America? I thought Trump won because he promised to make America great again, implying it currently wasn't (but had been previously)?Or is it like Great Britain? Which is really just Britain giving itself a pep talk.
Great America is the shit. Did you do the physics day in high school?
Make Great America Again
Hey, fellow Midwesterner! Great America is our Six Flags, too!
Really? I got the strap across the hands when I was a kid, not fun at all. Did provide bragging rights though..
that's caning. completely different.
Ahh, Great America. The field trip of all field trips. This was the place where magic happens for eighth graders.
I came from reading this.
That's what she said
You are right. Kids should never be spanked.
pretending you don't exist 
The tinnitus will make my head explode.At least a fan, please!
I was grounded A LOT between the ages of 7-15...thank god neither her nor my asshole stepfather thought to take away my books. Also, was grounded a lot because my stepfather was an asshole; I got blamed for everything, and even little things, like sneaking a .25 oz bag of Doritos would get me 2 weeks of solitary. 
Seems to me you also win.
As a little kid, it's usually the punishment. 
Hey, so did I!Somehow all my calf-high socks disappeared, and it starts getting colder after Christmas, so I asked for some calf-high socks. So far I've worn them almost every day, whenever it's too cold for ankle-socks.
Last Christmas I asked for only books. And they weren't even novels they were nerdy architecture books.
Yeah, I started asking for socks at 15.... wish I could spout off some 'old soul' bullshit, but there are people I know out in that real world place who know my username. There is definitely nothing old about my soul, and most especially not at 15.
Don't feel bad, I'm a 16 year old girl and I even asked my mom for socks. They were unicorn socks, but they were still socks :)
Me too but she actually got me a gift which I don't have room for and didn't want. So I had to still buy socks and my present is sitting next to the couch because I don't know where to put it. It's large and has no resale value and I won't use it. It's a 4ft tall drunk jenga. Mom I haven't lived in a fraternity for longer than I was in one
Just get yourself a pair of woolen socks. They absorb the sweat just like they absorb cold water, and then uses the water as insulation. A good pair will keep you warm regardless of how wet or cold it is. 
Do you not?
AGREED. And underwear! They are bleeping expensive!
It depends on the quality, if they are some shitty 1 a pair socks then who gives a shit, its a hinderance. But some nice 5 a pair merino wool ones are very much appreciated. 
They grant you freedom.
One can never have enough socks.
It's not that we like socks. It's that we like *not having to buy socks*.
When you're a kid, your parents will buy you socks whenever you need them, so getting them as a present is an insult; this is one of the two times a year (assuming your family does birthdays) you get stuff you want but don't need, and your parents are giving you boring stuff they'd buy you on a random Tuesday in April.But when you're an adult, you're in charge of buying your own necessities, so being gifted something you need is money you don't have to spend.
/r/expectedhogwarts
Are you really telling me that broccoli tastes better than a fresh hot glazed donut?
A good part of this probably has less to do with realizing how much better fruits and vegetables taste than it does with your sense of taste changing over time. Your perception of and preference for flavors does actually change over time: it's not a coincidence that, for example, milk chocolate is liked more by kids and dark chocolate is liked more by adults.
I dunno man. I'm 21 and prefer junk food to veggies. I'm also a twig, so I feel like that might have something to do with it.
I like fruits and vegetables, but my sweet tooth is in my genes. I couldn't shake it if I wanted to (which I don't). There's plenty of room for everything!
According to my parents I really enjoyed eating my greens until they told me that they were healthy, at which point I started avoiding them.Years later I graduated University and started living on my own. After some time into my career I visited my parents during the holidays and discovered for the first time just how horrible the stuff they eat really is. They literally living off of TV dinners and alcohol whereas I had been slow-cooking real food on my own.
I have had surgery on both of my hands since the beginning of the year, and it is killing me that I can't just cut up an apple, or cook a chicken breast. Ready to eat foods really suck.
Kale is ridiculously cheap for what you get and what it does for you.
Nerd, I was doing cool things like learning about computers in the mid-90's. Both my mum and my friend said it was cool.
Sit quietly and watch Arsenio for an hour!
Teachers used to have to take away my books to get me to pay attention in class.  *Gym* class.
Me, too! I still do.
Mom: Kjata! I want you to play five levels of your video game and finish your chocolate!    Kjata: But Mom, I didn't do anything!    Mom: I don't wanna hear it. One more peep and, so help me God, you're getting a pony.
I have to make left overs. Cooking for one is HARD if I don't want to have a bunch of frozen meals.
Wait, do you ever *NOT* cook more than you can eat at once? There's always Tupperware in my fridge.
This is my main reason for getting a slow cooker. It's the ultimate way to make homemade meals for the lazy person.10 minutes of prep, 8 hours on low unattended, come back home to 5+ servings. I have a 3.5 quart slow cooker so for one person it's seriously a lot of food. If I had a family I would assume it would be an absolute godsend.
fucking one-uppers.
It's so nice. That sounds amazing congrats on the cancelled plans 
Ive just started working full time out of uni, and yes this sounds delightful.
The trouble is that you want to see the person, you just don't want to get dressed, get ready, drive/walk/take public transportation, wait for them to show up and spend three extra hours in outside clothes.
Its a bit like planning to see a long drama on Netflix that got Oscar buzz. Despite the fact that you'd rather have seen that film to be a more complete person, by the time you're on the couch, you would rather be lazy with a low-thinking low-emotion comedy or action and it gets pushed off to another time.
No. Mine.
Yep! My gramma is the shit!
I know! Totally my favorite gift.
My school had that too. This one lunch lady gave me silent lunch every other day because she didn't like my mother (who was also a lunch lady at the school). On the days *she* didn't give me silent lunch, my homeroom teacher did because she legitimately hated me for no reason. I mean no exaggeration by that, she once punished me for *looking up from my book during reading time*. Which first off I wouldn't even do because I loved to read even back then, secondly WHAT THE FUCK?!
I think they know that. I think they know that.
at my old babysitter's, yes.
Obviously nobody on the internet could be female? Or just like shopping? Or looking at things but not actually buying them?How can you call that shopping tho just looking and not buying wtf that's browsing
First its like nah I'm going to stay in tonight, then 8 or 9 times later you are known as the old friend. At 9:01 PM they will be like OMG Vehicular_Zombicide we are so sorry keeping you out this late. Source- I'm now the old friend.
That's how it starts...
#Kinky
So are the children.
You should do it so you can quit. :)
u/PM_ME_YOUR_CREATION is so much more productive without a computer that they have achieved enlightenment and no longer need a computer to use the internet.
A phone?
Can confirm that this strategy achieves ongoing quiet time.
He left :,-(
I hate being alive, I just want to sleep forever.
I think you added an extra b in there
i kept scrolling till i found it
*spank spank*
Its an amusement park in Santa Clara
It's an amusement park. Well, there are actually two of them. (One is in San Jose, and the other is near Chicago). 
You may have heard of it as Six Flags. 
We did! May 7, 2002, I was a freshman!
Not sure what else to say other than I'm into that.
Yeah, it's much more fun than plain ol' spanking.
I came from you camming from this.
Yes, Uncle Vernon.
1. Cover your ears with the palms of your hands. 2. Make it so your fingers face behind your ears, towards the back of your neck.3. Tap the back of your head above your ears repeatedly with your fingers for 10-15 seconds.
Okay fine just one. 
I was partially to blame for my mom realizing this wasn't much of a punishment for me. I didn't get in much trouble as a kid, but one day I did and I was sent to my room. I spent about 2 hours reading them my mom told me I could come out and watch TV or go outside and I replied, I think I'll stay in here and finish this book. Righ then she knew she needed something different.
Dank socks ftw 
Donate it to a local frat house (or the equivalent), tell them you need at least 3 pictures when its used and then if your mum ever asks where it is say you lent it out and show her a picture of it being used.
I'm 36 and I still love a good round of Drenga. Between my brother and I and our mutual friends we probably have four of five sets, all custom made.You can predict how drunk you're going to get and how naked you're going to get depending on whose set we use.
> I haven't been lived in Seems like you still have some lingering effects though 
My mom got me a Christmas gnome. Maybe it will pay off in the long run.
Why would I?
When I get new socks they dont match my current socks, so when I'm doing laundry it takes 5x longer to sort and put away.
You can swear on here... It's okay!
Every time I go to buy new underwear I'm reminded by how expensive it is. I'll go to the store thinking I'll just buy 20 pairs & be set for ages then I realise I can't justify spending 70+on boxers 
Just donate the cheap ones that you get.
Speak for yourself. I love socks.
Steamed, well seasoned, with a light garlic sauce? Every day of the week.
Yes. Steam it and season. I use salt, pepper, and garlic powder. Absolutely delicious. I eat broccoli every day of the week haha
Have you ever had a grilled peach? I know you were talking about broccoli, but another poster already covered that. Check out a recipe on how to grill peaches when they are in season. They are so damn good. 
Still not a big broccoli fan, but glazed carrots > glazed donut imo. I have a donut by itself and I will either crash within the next hour or feel sliiightly sick for a little bit.
If so, that's not a life I want to live.
Yes. Without question. 
Yup. 
Idk if you've been eating decent for a while a donut would be almost sickeningly sweet. 
Yes. As long as it's cooked right.
Fresh from Krispy Kreme? In that moment, I don't even know what broccoli is.
Try fruits. They can be amazingly sweet like Mangos.
>Kale>more tasty than junkfoodhmmmmm
And playing TES: Daggerfall? 
That too, but mainly reading.
That's cruel and unusual shit right there.
I really don't know how to cook only one serving unless it's ramen noodles! I always have at least 1 serving extra. I always have Tupperware in my fridge, but it's much more cost effective to make things homemade and freeze them in smaller batches. Chicken broth, spaghetti sauce, etc.
I have a baby crock pot that I love. I think it only holds around 2 quarts, max. I can cook 2 or 3 chicken breasts or a few pork chops which ends up being enough for a few meals.What's your go to crock pot recipe? I find that my go to is chicken breast and green salsa. Crock pot for 4 hours, pull it out of the pot, shred, and add more salsa. Eat with mashed potatoes or on burritos. Not authentic, but pretty good and cheap.
I too wanted to die by the age of one.
This is so so so spot on.
Haha i meant 100 dollar gift card? Congrats man! i haven't got a xmas gift in a decade!
No they don't.No they don't.
Jimmy, if you don't start behaving right now, *I WILL CHOKESLAM YOUR ASS!*
I'm female and hate shopping.
On one hand, ???. On the other hand, hmm...
B for big guy
Just two? *wink wink wink*
[deleted]
r/unexpectedhogwarts
I've read, but never tried that before.Trying it healf-heartedly lying down, it totally worked for a little bit.  It was quiet for a few seconds!Thanks!
I'm not even gonna try this. Does anybody know what it does?
Yeah great works for about 3 seconds and then its louder than before
Comes up every time tinnitus is mentioned.Doesn't do shit for me
Thanks!Now I'm on board with this no longer being a punishment.
Instilling a love of reading is way more important than punishing a kid for some minor infraction. If my kids (still pretty young) read when they get sent to their rooms I'd never take their books away.
ha thanks. switched between haven't been in a fraternity and haven't live in a fraternity mid sentence.
i always lose one
thats why i only buy pure black socks
Fuck sorting socks
But what if the, you know... *The bad word police get me?*
That's a wierd way to eat donuts. I'll try it tonight.
I prefer my veg roasted, but garlic does make most things better.
Replace the garlic sauce with white truffle oil sauce. You get a much better taste with the same garlicy kick. Just without the garlic taste
Hmm that doesn't sound terrible I might actually try that..garlic powder is a blessing
Now if you asked me this a year ago, I would have absolutely agreed with you. But once you start eating healthy, all of the junk food starts to taste like shit.
Garlic pepper is my favorite for steamed veggies. My kid says I make the best broccoli ever lol they're steamed and then seasoned with salt and garlic powder on top. 
Try using a piece of roasted garlic and rubbing it over the top before you steam it. 
Yes ! I don't like uncooked brocoli but I love the taste when steamed. So when I make salads, I steam my brocoli, then put it in the fridge, then add to the salad cold. Delicious !
I grew up eating it steamed with Bernstein's brand Italian dressing. To this day it holds a nostalgic place in my palate.
Never considered grilled peach. I've done pineapple before and that's yummy! Do you peel the peach first?
That does sound yummy. I love roast beetroot.
Then fine: use a burger, fried food, chocolate, whatever you use on your 'I'm going to be bad today'. It doesn't matter to me.I don't have anything weird against being healthy and eating right but it does bug me when people are unrealistic about taste. Eating healthy can be tasty and it can be fun - but there are limits and I think it's important to address those rather than just pretending they don't exist! I also think this type of thinking alienates a lot of people from starting to eat right. 
Are mangoes not a thing people grow up on? They were my entire childhood! I love fruit!Don't love them as much as I love certain junk food on occasion. Never will. I think that's just realistic for lots of people.
Depends on the person. My family thinks I'm nuts for it but I got addicted to kale chips pretty damn fast - as in, made them myself and ate the whole tray in one sitting.
and dungeons and dragons?
Holy shit... Daggerfall... The memories.
Yeah pony shit is no joke
Fun and cool tip: when making rice for yourself, 1/4 to 1/2 a cup is good. Water's double the amount of rice. 
Mississippi Pot Roast is one of my favorites:3-4 pounds chuck roast1 packet ranch dressing mix1 packet au jus gravy mix1 stick of butter (unsalted!)6 pepperoncini peppers (the original recipe says 6, I usually add the entire jar.)8 hours on lowBe careful overfilling your crockpot as a lot of liquid will be pulled from the roast. If you do get around to trying it out let me know.
I, however, didnt want to exist at all.
I wanted to die before I was born. Self-abortion. 
Oh! Actually it was $50. Used some of my own monies.
Do reddit secret santa this year fam
Yes they do. 
Yeah, this was for stupid shit like not cleaning the play room (which I damn well was)
I'm not saying all females like to shop just that a large portion like over 50%
4 u
#***SPANK!  SPANK!  SPANK!***
*BRAAAHHHM*
I don't even.../r/ofcoursethatsathing
I think it fades the tinnitus a bit but that just might be placebo effect im not sure
It causes your ear hairs to reline so they quit ringing.
It releases the catches for your face so you can swap it out 
Me too. <3 Hey
The might even make me go to bed *early!*
[Ah, the old reddit donut-a-roo](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/5qtn0s/how_do_you_have_a_sex_life_when_youre_single_and/dd2e52t/?context=3)
Is [this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1w4fRnt8E7o) how you roast your vegetables?
*seasoning is a blessing. 
Nope, the peel keeps all those juices nice and contained. Halve and pit the peaches, give them just a little oil, ignore the people who say you need to add sugar, and put them on the grill - start skin side down and flip them face down at the end just long enough to get the grill marks.
I think it alienates people who haven't gotten there yet. A month of eating genuinely healthfully will change your tastebuds. That doesn't mean you never want to eat foods that are bad for you, but you don't get the same enjoyment out of them. I use nachos as my cheat food (because my sweet tooth actually disappeared once I started eating better), but I can only eat so much, because I start to feel crappy.
I mean, once you cover them in oil and salt you start to walk that junk food line again.
UESP has a download for it if you want a trip down memory lane http://www.uesp.net/wiki/Daggerfall:Files
Does it smell worse than cat/dog poo?
Y'all need Jesus 
Isn't self-abortion just a miscarriage?
You can just lie and say it was 100$. None of us will know.
>Yes they do.Yes they do.FTFY
Don't worry about it, man. We've all been chokeslammed by our parents at least once.
I'm a dude and I like shopping 
what's the next step in your master plan?
WITH A BIBLE!
It is just a home remedy, you're supposed to do it over the course of a day for it to really have any effect, but it does work temporarily for most people.
Hold my calories, I'm going in!
Thanks I'll have to give that a try sometime!
I mean that's exactly what I said, that it alienates people from *starting* to eat right. Meaning they're definitely not at the point of enjoyment you're talking about. I just think that the people who preach eating healthy as being the best tasting thing in the world are irresponsible in their approach. You're never going to convince someone that your tastiest healthy meal beats their all time favorite junk food and it could even be a frustrating let down for a person trying to better themselves. Being realistic with taste is actually really important and I feel like a lot of health nuts forget that. 
True. Curse you Sprouts and your shelf full of deceptive kale chips! \*shakes fist*I baked mine, though - I kinda burned them and they weren't *as* good, but imo cover almost anything in chili powder and lemon and you have instant deliciousness :)
It's like measuring a gallon when you're supposed to be measuring a cup.Ninja!: it depends on the diet, but the bigger the mammal, the more it shits. The more it shits, the more pungent the stank. 
Ok fine it's $100
FTFYFTFY
Not me...
You.
Gush, floating UU?
WITH JUMPER CABLES!
HELLO FUTURE PEOPLE
I wish everyone the best, but it's not really my responsibility to lie about the effect of healthy eating to help someone on their way. I don't say that to convince anyone, just to comment on the changes I have noticed. I do think that my best healthy meal beats my favorite junk food, and I don't think I'm alone in that. I guess it depends on what you consider healthy food. A low fat diet tastes like crap to me, but a nice cut of salmon, grilled vegetables and a garlic butter sauce tastes better to me and many others than whatever your cheat food is.
Oh yeah, I've not yet found the upper limit to the amount of kale chips I can eat, but I'm always trying to find it.
Oh shit your right. Oh shit your right.
something something something *broken arms*
Um...what? Who says you have to lie to anybody?I'm saying that telling people a healthy diet can be tastier than their favorite junk food can be unrealistic and alienating for those just staring to change their diet. That's just a fact. Whether or not the issue of taste is true is an entirely different matter - I'm just saying it's the incorrect approach. Your personal preferences are your own. 
>Oh shit you're right. Oh shit you're right.Your and you're are different. Your and you're are different.
I misunderstood. I thought you were saying that I shouldn't share my opinion about healthy food so as not to discourage those who have unhealthy eating habits.
Fucking hell. Fucking hell.
Special Olympics T-Ball Stand Pitches Perfect Game
'Child Bankrupts Make-A-Wish Foundation With Wish For Unlimited Wishes
[Obama Turns 50 Despite Republican Opposition](http://www.theonion.com/article/obama-turns-50-despite-republican-opposition-21061)
Jurisprudence fetishist gets off on technicality.
Archaeological Dig Uncovers Ancient Race Of Skeleton People.http://www.theonion.com/article/archaeological-dig-uncovers-ancient-race-of-skelet-932
Post Brexit:Americans Confused by System of Government in which Leader Would Resign After Making Terrible Decision
God answers prayers of little boy in wheelchair. 'No', says God. Johnson & Johnson introduces 'nothing but tears shampoo' to 'toughen up' infants.
School Bully Not So Tough Since Being Molested
[Fun Toy Banned Because of Three Stupid Dead Kids](http://www.theonion.com/article/fun-toy-banned-because-of-three-stupid-dead-kids-290)
Sudanese 14-year-old has midlife crisis
Planned Parenthood opens $8 Billion Abortionplex.  (What made it even better was that it was believed by some republican lawmakers.)Shirtless Biden Washes Trans Am in White House Driveway.  (Joe will be missed.)
Beautiful Cinnamon Roll Too Good For This World, Too Pure
Area Dad Just Wants to Watch One 7-Hour Block of Television Without Interruption. I've never related so hard with anything in my life. 
Technically Clickhole, but it's owned by The Onion:Justice At Last! When This Girl Was Cyberbullied By A Classmate, The Internet Came Together And Got Her Bully To Commit Suicide!http://www.clickhole.com/article/justice-last-when-girl-was-cyberbullied-classmate--2219
Members Of Twisted Sister Now Willing To Take It
Justice Scalia dies after decades long battle with social progress
Sony Releases New Stupid Piece Of Shit That Doesn't Fucking Work
http://www.theonion.com/v/1621Brain-dead teen, only capable of rolling her eyes and texting, to be euthanised
[Why Do All These Homosexuals Keep Sucking My Cock?](http://www.theonion.com/blogpost/why-do-all-these-homosexuals-keep-sucking-my-cock-10861)
''No way to stop this says only nation where this happens regularly'' 
[Kennedy slain by CIA, mafia, Castro, LBJ, teamsters, freemasons - President shot 129 times from 43 different angles](http://www.theonion.com/graphic/november-22-1963-10584)
Woman Who Left Room Crying Earlier Expects To Jump Back Into Party Just Like That
Court Rules Meryl Streep Unable To Be Tried By Jury As She Has No Peers 
Holy shit man walks on fucking moon
[Man Always Gets Little Rush Out Of Telling People John Lennon Beat Wife](http://www.theonion.com/article/man-always-gets-little-rush-out-telling-people-joh-53190)
Annual ninja parade once again passes through town unnoticed
[Pope forgives molested children](http://www.theonion.com/article/pope-forgives-molested-children-101)
http://www.theonion.com/article/god-angrily-clarifies-dont-kill-rule-222
Man From Canada Insists He Is Not Cold.So simple and perfect, makes me laugh everytime. 
[Worldwide Jewish Conspiracy Worried It Came Down Too Hard On Jeff Yesterday](http://www.theonion.com/article/worldwide-jewish-conspiracy-worried-it-came-down-t-34815) And[Fuck Everything, We're Doing Five Blades](http://www.theonion.com/blogpost/fuck-everything-were-doing-five-blades-11056) The latter is probably their best ever article. Gillette released a five blade razor a year later. 
Might touch a sore spot with some of you, but god I laughed so hard when I first read [GOP Statisticians Develop New Branch Of Math To Formulate Scenarios In Which Trump Doesnt Win Nomination.](http://www.theonion.com/article/gop-statisticians-develop-new-branch-math-formulat-52463)Then of course [Reddit's photoshopped version equally hilarious.](http://i.imgur.com/gkTie10.jpg)
White male priviledge squandered on job at Best Buy.
[Black guy asks nation for change] (http://www.theonion.com/article/black-guy-asks-nation-for-change-2409)[Black man out of work] (http://www.theonion.com/article/black-man-out-work-55106)
9/11 Hijackers Surprised to Find Selves in Hell 
I forget the exact wording, but it was something like Bush Sends Very Special Forces to Iraq. Awesome article with a picture of a short bus plane and obligatory reference to a pizza party when they get back. 
[Friend Who Sent Link To 8-Minute YouTube Video Must Be Fucking Delusional](http://www.theonion.com/article/friend-who-sent-link-to-8-minute-youtube-video-mus-32442)
[Obama Drastically Scales Back Goals For America After Visiting Denny's](http://www.theonion.com/video/obama-drastically-scales-back-goals-for-america-af-14343)
Roadkill Squirrel Remembered As Frantic, Indecisive 
[Stating Current Year Still Leading Argument For Social Reform](http://www.theonion.com/article/report-stating-current-year-still-leading-argument-35288)
It's from the Beaverton (which is a Canadian version of the Onion):> Germany Excited to Finally Be Good Guy in Next World War
[Buddhist Extremist Cell Vows To Unleash Tranquility On West](http://www.theonion.com/article/buddhist-extremist-cell-vows-to-unleash-tranquilit-34623)
Departing Obama Tearfully Shoos Away Loyal Drone Following Him Out Of White House
New Subway Promotion To Honor Subtember 11
Man dies after he loses his six year battle with Gorilla.EDIT: Ok. So I actually got the specifics wrong but it's still a funny titlehttp://www.theonion.com/article/man-dies-after-secret-4-year-battle-with-gorilla-2836
Not at all funny, but this and the related articles (with the same titles, but changed facts) are striking: ['No Way To Prevent This,' Says Only Nation Where This Refularly Happens](http://www.theonion.com/article/no-way-prevent-says-only-nation-where-regularly-ha-51938). 
After Jerry Garcia passed on:Head Deadhead Dead
Mike Pence Disappointed God Has Never Asked Him To Kill One Of Own Children
Columbine jocks safely resume bullying  http://www.theonion.com/article/columbine-jocks-safely-resume-bullying-661
Toss up between 2:Right after 9/11 - [God Angrily Clarifies 'Don't Kill' Rule](http://www.theonion.com/article/god-angrily-clarifies-dont-kill-rule-222)In response to Young Earth Creationism - [Sumerians Look On In Confusion As God Creates World](http://www.theonion.com/article/sumerians-look-on-in-confusion-as-god-creates-worl-2879)
Lunar Olympic Officials Still Searching For Missing Pole Vaulter    Onion of the future.   
[Wal-Mart Announces Plan To Slash Customers Throats](http://www.theonion.com/article/wal-mart-announces-plan-to-slash-customers-throats-33743)
From out dumb century: Japan Forms Alliance With White Supremacists in Well-Thought-Out Scheme
Hobby Lobby lobbies for more hobbies 
US lowers obesity rates by raises definition of obesity.
selfish child thinks divorce is his fault
[Black Man Given Nation's Worst Job](http://www.theonion.com/article/black-man-given-nations-worst-job-6439)
[Russell Crowe Praised For Stunning Portrayal Of Man Who Cannot Sing Or Act In 'Les Miserables'](http://www.theonion.com/video/russell-crowe-praised-for-stunning-portrayal-of-ma-30839)
[Scientists Politely Remind World That Clean Energy Technology Ready To Go Whenever](http://www.theonion.com/article/scientists-politely-remind-world-that-clean-energy-36086)
Scientists trace heat wave to massive star at center of solar system
[Prague's Kafka International Named Most Alienating Airport](http://www.theonion.com/video/pragues-franz-kafka-international-named-worlds-mos-14321)
Science Guy Bill Nye Killed In Massive Vinegar/Baking-Soda Explosion
Man on cusp Of having fun suddenly remembers every single one of his responsibilities.
http://www.theonion.com/article/supreme-court-rules-supreme-court-rules-998
I'm a Chocoholic, but for Booze!
[But If We Started Dating It Would Ruin Our Friendship Where I Ask You To Do Things And You Do Them](http://www.theonion.com/blogpost/but-if-we-started-dating-it-would-ruin-our-friends-11473)
[Mike Pence Vows To Cut Conservation Funding After Discovering Elk Dont Mate For Life](trib.al/ImnzARd) 
Fritolaysia Ends All Chiplomatic Relations with Snackistan
Man loses last bit of hope he didn't even know he had
Does Clickhole count as The Onion? I Put On A Fat Suit To Understand What Its Like To Be Your Mom
Salvation Army invades Poland!
Biden Receives Lifetime Ban From Dave And Busters.
World Death Rate Holding Steady At 100 Percent 
[Energy Secretary Just Assumed Cabinet Knew He Did Porn Films In The '80s](http://www.theonion.com/amp/928?client=safari)
[Cancer Researchers: 'Don't Get Cancer'](http://www.theonion.com/article/cancer-researchers-dont-get-cancer-34599). Hands down my favorite article ever published on The Onion or elsewhere
HOLY FUCKING SHIT after 9/11
General Mills releases new Lucky Charms with 15% less leprechaun meat
[Nobody murdered because of this image] (http://www.theonion.com/article/no-one-murdered-because-of-this-image-29553)  NSFW
Infertile aunt doing it up big at kids table
Everyone Involved In Pizza's Preparation, Delivery, Purchase Extremely Highhttp://www.theonion.com/article/everyone-involved-in-pizzas-preparation-delivery-p-504
Lake ice becomes increasingly more stable with each beer drinken 
Bush [Our Long National Nightmare of Peace and Prosperity is Over](http://www.theonion.com/article/bush-our-long-national-nightmare-of-peace-and-pros-464)Right after W was inaugurated. 
Area Bassist Fellated
[Supreme Court Rules Death Penalty Totally Badass](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hyph_DZa_GQ)
[Man Trying To Enter Conversation Spends Few Minutes Smiling And Nodding At Edge Of Circle](http://www.theonion.com/article/man-trying-to-enter-conversation-spends-few-minute-37428)
[South Postpones Rising Again For Yet Another Year](http://www.theonion.com/article/south-postpones-rising-again-for-yet-another-year-377)
Punch on Nose Fails to Ward Off Loan Shark Attack
The was a great one: Asshole Proud of Asshole Son. You can't find it online anymore though.
[Bill Belichick visits hospital to watch terminally ill fan die](http://www.theonion.com/article/bill-belichick-visits-hospital-watch-terminally-il-52212)  
[Ambassador Stages UN Coup, Issues Long List of Non-Binding Resolutions] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aPfVkuPmpc8&t=28s). Still one of the greatest headlines ever.
[Holy Shit, There's Still 50 Minutes Left In This Movie.](http://www.theonion.com/article/report-holy-shit-there-still-50-minutes-left-movie-55254)
Where is 'Bad ass surgeon puts on fingerless gloves before surgery'?
Victim killed in fatal car accident tragically not Glenn Beck
http://www.theonion.com/video/after-obama-victory-shrieking-white-hot-sphere-of--30284This one actually happened but they got the color off slightly.
[42 Million Dead in Bloodiest Black Friday on Record](http://www.theonion.com/article/42-million-dead-in-bloodiest-black-friday-weekend--30517)
David Bowie Asks Iman If They Should Just Do Lasagna Againhttp://www.theonion.com/article/david-bowie-asks-iman-if-they-should-just-do-lasag-34097
Amish Give UpThis is bullshit, Elders Sayhttp://www.theonion.com/article/amish-give-up-19587
Area Man Says Fuck It, Eats Lunch at 10:58 am
[Infant Child left in Sweet Camaro](https://www.google.com/amp/www.theonion.com/amp/33143?client=ms-android-att-us) (also, the one in the picture is a 1969)[Investigation Of What Fell Off Nightstand Postponed Until Morning](https://www.google.com/amp/www.theonion.com/amp/36200?client=ms-android-att-us)
[Like boxes of shit in your house? Get a cat.](http://www.theonion.com/graphic/like-boxes-of-shit-in-your-house-get-a-cat-9082)
IBM frees 10000 wage slaves
Vatican geneticists successfully clone God. 
Seagull With Diarrhea Barely Makes It To Crowded Beach In Time
Boy trapped in refrigerator eats own foot.
Not a headline but my absolute favorite one liner from the onion was at the end of one of their videos when they did the 'coming up next' thing and it was ' new research has linked heart disease to eating like a big fat disgusting Pig nobody could love'
Ebert Victorious
UMass Dartmouth Beginning To Regret Offering Course In Applied Domestic Terrorism
Mitch McConnell inflates throat pouch in display of dominance towards fellow congressional males. 
Alzheimers patients demand cure for pancakes I printed it out and showed it to my 10th grade english teacher. She thought it was hilarious and wrong in equal measure. 
[Standard deviation not enough for perverted statistician](http://www.theonion.com/graphic/standard-deviation-not-enough-for-perverted-statis-8892)
Mr. T To Pity Fool
Sony releases new stupid piece of shit that doesn't fucking workhttp://www.theonion.com/video/sony-releases-new-stupid-piece-of-shit-that-doesnt-14309
[Pitchfork Gives Music 6.8](http://www.theonion.com/article/pitchfork-gives-music-68-2278)
Tee-Ball Stand Pitches Perfect Game at the Special Olympics.
Area man uses spork as knife.This wasn't actually an Onion headline.  I was listening to a This American Life episode where they covered the process of generating and reviewing Onion headlines.  This was one of the rejects.As such, it is my favorite headline ever.
[Clinton Deploys Vowels To Bosnia](https://www.ling.upenn.edu/~beatrice/humor/clinton-deploys-vowels.html). It's an oldie but a goodie, and one of the earlier moments I understood that kind of humor.
You the Man vs. No, You the Man  Point/Counterpoint. 
All of the articles about Joe Biden or Tim Duncan, but I'll go with [Tim Duncan Around If Any Spurs Have Questions About Sequester](http://www.theonion.com/article/tim-duncan-around-if-any-spurs-have-questions-abou-31590)
[U.S. Commemorates 9/11 By Toasting Stable Afghan Government From Top Of Freedom Tower.](http://www.theonion.com/article/us-commemorates-911-by-toasting-stable-afghan-gove-21332)
They have been killing it since the Inauguration. *Lindsey Graham Cowers Behind Tree Trunk As Trumps Hunting Dogs Close In*Lmao
Mom Spends Beach Vacation Assuming All Household Duties In Closer Proximity To Oceanhttps://www.google.com/amp/www.theonion.com/amp/33431?client=safari
[Planned Parenthood Opens $8 Billion Abortionplex](http://www.theonion.com/article/planned-parenthood-opens-8-billion-abortionplex-20476)Bonus: Someone thought it was real. https://www.theatlantic.com/national/archive/2012/02/congressman-falls-months-old-onion-story-about-planned-parenthood-abortionplex/332189/
Box With Cooking Instructions Immediately Retrieved From Trash just because wow that's me every goddamn time.
Relaxing Tea Better Fucking WorkAnd from the saga of Diamond Joe Biden...Biden Frantically Cleaning Up Trashed Vice President Residence At Last Second. The picture cracks me up everytime. 
OWLS ARE ASSHOLES
My favorite headline was after Hurricane Katrina that read God outdoes terrorists againAnother was just a picture of a jacked dude holding a casket sideways.  The caption underneath read Showoff pallbearer carries casket by himself
Romantic Gesture Too Expensive To Waste On Current Girlfriend
Chicago Man Brushes Mound of Snow from Beef Sandwich Before Eating It http://www.theonion.com/graphic/chicago-man-brushes-mound-of-snow-from-beef-sandwi-31535
Lindsay Graham exhausted from driving campaign bus all night.
An old one that really hit home at the time 23 Year Old Arrested for Not Owning Halogen Lamp.
[Lady Gaga Kidnaps Commissioner Gordon](http://www.theonion.com/article/lady-gaga-kidnaps-commissioner-gordon-17789)[Years old, but still highly relevant following the latest Superbowl halftime show.](https://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/5sbbos/youll_never_find_all_the_bombs_in_time_batman/)
[Clinton deploys very special forces to Iraq] (https://www.google.com/amp/www.theonion.com/amp/645?client=ms-android-verizon)
Three fingered on class trip to Washington DChttps://www.google.com/amp/www.theonion.com/amp/2710?client=ms-android-att-us
[Nation Celebrates Full Week Without Deadly Mass Shooting](http://www.theonion.com/article/nation-celebrates-full-week-without-deadly-mass-sh-29293) only because they literally had update the article the same day because of a mass shooting
Study reveals babies are stupid
[Parents euthanize daughter](http://www.theonion.com/video/brain-dead-teen-only-capable-of-rolling-eyes-and-t-27225)
Donald Trump is now the president of the Unite States. Oh wait. 
I can't find it but something along the lines of Moist mouth sound in middle of night simply must be cat.
Idiotic tree keeps trying to plant seeds on sidewalk. 
Back when Glenn Beck was all the rage... [Victim in Fatal Car Accident Tragically Not Glenn Beck](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-faCh8BUEts)
[CIA Admits Role In 1985 Coup To Oust David Lee Roth](https://www.google.com/amp/www.theonion.com/amp/37570)[CIA Realizes It's Been Using Black Highlighters All This Time](https://www.google.com/amp/www.theonion.com/amp/1848)
Biden Chokes Up While Describing Hardworking Americans Who Can Only Afford Shitty Ditch Weed
Women: Why Don't They Lose Some Weight. 
23-Hour Suicide Watch A Failure from 1998. 
The whole of Etchesketchastan was wiped out in an earthquake today.
It wasn't from the onion but thehardtimes, the music version of the onion.http://thehardtimes.net/music/nation-outraged-after-punk-refuses-to-stand-for-pennywises-bro-hymn/
[Gaywads, Dorkwads Sign Historic Wad Accord](http://www.theonion.com/article/gaywads-dorkwads-sign-historic-wad-accord-668)
Black Guy Asks Nation for Change is a great headline.http://www.theonion.com/article/black-guy-asks-nation-for-change-2409
Santana and Rob Thomas' Smooth sweeps Grammys for 13th year in a row. http://www.onionstudios.com/videos/santana-and-rob-thomas-smooth-sweeps-grammy-awards-for-13th-year-in-a-row-1873
Supreme Court Rules Supreme Court Ruleshttp://www.theonion.com/article/supreme-court-rules-supreme-court-rules-998
Autistic Child Ruins Marriage He Was Born To Save
Voting Machines Elect One Of Their Own As President
After 9/11- HOLY FUCKING SHIT!!
Brain-dead teen, only capable of rolling eyes and texting, to be euthanized.http://www.theonion.com/video/brain-dead-teen-only-capable-of-rolling-eyes-and-t-27225
[No Way To Prevent This, Says Only Nation Where This Regularly Happens](http://www.theonion.com/article/no-way-to-prevent-this-says-only-nation-where-this-361310)    I've shared that article no less than 10 times on facebook.
Holy shit man walks on the fucking Moon. 
**God answers dying boy's prayer**^No' ^says ^God
Humanity Still Producing New Art As Though Megadeths Rust In Peace Doesnt Already Exist. Gets me every time.
Local man loses last little bit of hope he didn't know he had left.Relatable. 
Black Guy Given Nation's Worst Job(Obama elected)http://www.theonion.com/article/black-man-given-nations-worst-job-6439
Doing his part: Meet the man who shakes his head in disapproval every time he hears of a terrorist attack.
[Chicken-Shit Asteroid Veers Away At Last Minute](http://www.theonion.com/article/chicken-shit-asteroid-veers-away-at-last-minute-2722)From the article - There is currently no strategy in place to prepare for a possible return of the asteroid, as NASA physicists have theorized it will likely throw itself into the sun from the utter shame of being such a weak-ass little bitch.
Ohio Replaces Lethal Injection With Humane New Head-Ripping-Off Machinehttp://www.theonion.com/v/2111
Horrified Subway Execs Assumed People Were Buying Footlongs To Share With A Friend
Jurisprudence Fetishist Gets Off on Technicality
Life begins at conception vs. Life begins at 40!
[Pepsi To Cease Advertising](http://www.theonion.com/article/pepsi-to-cease-advertising-2816)Everyone knows what it is already, so we figure we might as well take our $1.3 billion marketing budget and spend it doing something more productive.
As a Pirates fan, [PNC Park Sold Out for Fan Euthanasia Night](http://www.theonion.com/article/pnc-park-sold-out-for-fan-euthanasia-night-17359)
[Best Part Of Gay 12-Year-Olds Day Half Hour Spent Eating Lunch Alone On Staircase](http://www.theonion.com/article/best-part-of-gay-12-year-olds-day-half-hour-spent--27547)
Not a headline, but just a tag at the end of a video piece...Moving on, police warn that the sudoku killer will kill either 1, 4, or 9 people next...
[WA-](http://www.theonion.com/graphic/september-3-1939-10527)
[Black Man Bids Tearful Goodbye To Family Before Daily Commute](http://www.theonion.com/article/black-man-bids-tearful-goodbye-family-daily-commut-50964)
High School Nurse Getting Pretty Good at Spotting Morning Sickness 
[Nation's Porn Stars Demand To Be Fucked Harder](http://www.theonion.com/article/nations-porn-stars-demand-to-be-fucked-harder-205)
Hijackers Surprised to Find Selves in Hell
Cat Likes it Doggie Style
Late Scalia's vacant supreme court seat has become hookup spot for local teens.
Kevin bacon linked to al-queda
Right after 9/ll Holy Fucking Shit.  http://i.onionstatic.com/onion/346/original/304.jpgThat day made every comedian's job so hard that week, but they handled it well.
[Jenna Bush's Federally Protected Wetlands Now Open For Public Drilling](http://www.theonion.com/graphic/jenna-bushs-federally-protected-wetlands-now-open--8879)
Lonesome Alito Declares Marriage Only Between a Man and the Sea
Point/Counterpoint: It Was Then That I Carried You vs. Bullshit, Jesus, Those Are Obviously My Footprints
Harper Lee Announces Third Novel, My Excellent Caretaker Deserves My Entire Fortune
[Mumford and Sons Can't Believe They All Got Each Other Mandolins for Christmas](http://www.theonion.com/article/mumford-and-sons-cant-believe-they-all-got-each-ot-30709) 
Sonny Bono Foundation Prevents At-Risk Youths From Skiing Into Trees
[Clinton Deploys Very Special Forces to Iraq](http://www.theonion.com/article/clinton-deploys-very-special-forces-to-iraq-645)Also, anything by Smoov B.
God Angrily Clarifies Thou Shaky Not Kill
[Live From Congress: Rep. Ingersoll's Murder of a Hobo](http://www.theonion.com/video/live-from-congress-rep-ingersolls-murder-of-a-hobo-14147)
The one where World War 2 was declared: W-A- (CONTINUED ON PAGE 2).
[Sumerians look on in confusion as god creates the world](http://www.theonion.com/article/sumerians-look-on-in-confusion-as-god-creates-worl-2879) 
[Marine Corps Unveils New Recruiting Slogan: No Balls](http://www.duffelblog.com/2016/10/new-marine-corps-recruiting-slogan-no-balls/)
Ringo next
[Flustered Bush Misses Air Force One Flight](http://www.theonion.com/article/flustered-bush-misses-air-force-one-flight-2057)
No Way To Prevent This, Says Only Nation Where This Regularly HappensThey write a version of that article after every U.S. mass-shooting.
Mitch McConnell Inflates Throat Pouch In Show Of Dominance Over Fellow Congressional Males
There was one many years ago about the winner of the Miss Belarus beauty pageant. I can't find a picture of it, but she was deformed because of the radiation from the Chernobyl disaster. My high school debate team used to keep printouts of the most obnoxious headlines from The Onion, and this was one. 
Local Coffeeshop Finds Great Success With Closed-Mic NightIn the 90s and early 00's, I was a coffee shop rat.  We all were, my friends and I.  We all hated open mic night.  I go to a coffee shop for coffee and conversation with my friends, not to hear some no-talent frat hippie with a pawn shop acoustic guitar his parents bought him, singing Wonderwall and awful Dave Matthews Band/Beatles covers.
Justice Scalia passes away after lifelong battle with Social Progress 
WA headline continues on Page 2
Little League Pitcher Just Getting Fucking Shelled
[Ninja Parade Slips Through Town Unnoticed Once Again](http://www.theonion.com/video/ninja-parade-slips-through-town-unnoticed-once-aga-14181)
Departing Obama Tearfully Shoos Away Loyal Drone Following Him Out Of White House - had me giggling and resharing with family, friends and coworkers
American Soldiers Pull Out of Vietnamese Peasant Girl
Anything involving SeaWorld. For example: * SeaWorld Employees Place Orcas In Plastic Bags Of Water While Cleaning Tanks * New Documentary Reveals SeaWorld Forced Orca Whales To Perform Nude* New SeaWorld Show Just Elephant Drowning In Large Tank Of Water With No Explanation 
[Tragic Event Forces Man To Spend Rest Of Life Confined To Office Chair](http://www.theonion.com/article/tragic-event-forces-man-to-spend-rest-of-life-conf-2249). Maybe too close to home.
Geologists Unearth Fully Intact Rock
Ritalin Cures Next Picasso
* Jesus Converts to Islam* Freethinking Cat Shits Outside the Box* Schwarzenegger Elected Fourth Horseman of the Apocalypse  (When he first became CA Governor)  
Paleontologists have uncovered the first know sexual predator.
Shaq misses entire second half with pulled pork sandwich
All the news from God headlines are hysterical like Bored God Tries To Fill All Of Jupiter In His Mouth
I was inspired to go to The Onion for the first time in awhile and greated by this masterpiece:Pope Francis Sneaks Leftovers To False God Moloch At Back Door Of St. Peters BasilicaSeems like something he would do.
God Answers Prayers Of Paralyzed Little Boy'No,' Says Godhttp://www.theonion.com/article/god-answers-prayers-of-paralyzed-little-boy-475
[Existentialist Firefighter Delays Three Deaths](http://www.theonion.com/article/existentialist-firefighter-delays-3-deaths-17500)
Seagull with diarrhea barely makes it to crowded beach in time
Black Man Asks Nation for Change
Fearful Americans Stockpiling Facts Before Federal Government Comes to Take Them AwayBiden Sadly Realizes This Could Be Last Time He Throws Lit Firecracker Into Press Conference
Delta cancels flight mid-air.
[Daddy Put In Bye Bye Box](http://www.theonion.com/article/daddy-put-in-bye-bye-box-2411)
For some reason, [Disney Finds Dozens Of Unauthorized Characters Appearing Illegally Inside Theme Park](http://www.theonion.com/article/disney-finds-dozens-of-unauthorized-characters-app-31939) deeply amused me. Some Onion articles are absurd, or very clever, but this one hits this uncanny-valley note just perfectly.> If you are taking your picture with Chompers the Iguana, for example, you are not taking a picture with an official Disney character, Aldridge continued. Thats just a man in an iguana suit. That man does not work for Disney. He doesnt belong here.If you told me this were true, I would believe you.
[October 22, 1929](http://www.theonion.com/graphic/oct-22-1929-10624)
Not sure if it was the onion, but still relevant. *Covert CIA plot to wait until Fidel Castro dies of old age successful*
Trojan Introduces No Ones Pleasure Condoms For Bitter, Resentful Couples
US economy grinds to a halt as lawmakers realize money is just a collectively held illusion. 
Scientists Discover Gene for Eating Whole Goddamned Bag of Chips
Biden Loses Control Of Butterfly Knife During Commencement Speech
Man Who Thought He'd Lost All Hope Loses Last Additional Bit Of Hope He Didn't Even Know He Still Had
Ugly Man with Huge Penis Unsure How to Get the Word Out
[Scientists Successfully Teach Gorilla It Will Die Someday](https://youtu.be/CJkWS4t4l0k)
Saw this in their book but not to sure on the headline. It went something likeUniversity students protest over nothing
[Police Race To Scene Of Car Alarm](http://www.theonion.com/article/police-race-to-scene-of-car-alarm-1530)
[Man Says Fuck It, Eats Lunch At 10:58 A.M.](http://www.theonion.com/article/man-says-fuck-it-eats-lunch-1058-m-53678)
Ted Nugent testing his cologne on every animal he can find:http://www.theonion.com/article/new-ted-nugent-cologne-tested-on-every-goddamn-ani-4216And clickhole's proud and proud of it:http://www.clickhole.com/article/proud-and-proud-it-meet-woman-whos-proud-and-proud-1526
This was the first one I thought of. That's *awful*.
CLASSIC
I don't get this one.
If you sick bastards enjoy this type of humor, like me, then peruse [this gem](http://www.theonion.com/article/clinton-deploys-very-special-forces-to-iraq-645). 
The mental image of child after child swinging and missing is hilarious and awful at the same time.  
We had a really great pro-bono legal team helping us out on this, but of course Chad found out about it, and wished it away
Had to scroll pretty far find my favorite. Thank you for posting this.[Here is the video.](https://youtu.be/I2OObOM3R_U) The disdain from the anchors gets me every time.
The beginning where they're talking about the little wooden ball things... fucking gold
reminds me of this: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bwic3hJ4q1A
Hahaha that one is so accurate
Lmao
This is such a great headline. This should be the top as far as skill with words.
A peer to Standard deviation not enough for perverted statistician.
As far as I know, the headline was so good they didn't even bother writing an article.
Related: [Supreme Court Rules Supreme Court Rules](http://www.theonion.com/article/supreme-court-rules-supreme-court-rules-998)
The only one that even comes close to this one is [Existentialist Firefighter Delays 3 Deaths](http://www.theonion.com/article/existentialist-firefighter-delays-3-deaths-17500).
Someone might have to explain this one...
>And though we know little of their language and means of communication, it is likely that they said 'boogedy-boogedy' a lot.This is pure gold.
Doot doot 
Could you imagine living with so many spooky skellingtons?? No wonder they died off.
Brock! I think I figured out why the plane crashed!  There were SKELETONS driving it!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hQJNsm8zoPU
Americans were too busy making an even worse decision. 
Came here to say the first one, I remember laughing my ass off after reading it. I showed it to my ultra religious coworker who just tsked and said thats just not funny
Fuck.
Jesus Christ.
/r/jesuschristtheonion
Reminds me of [this](http://i.imgur.com/n95jt0q.jpg) 
Well that took a turn 
One of my favorite articles they've put out.>But then these three retards came along and somehow managed to find a way to get themselves killed. 
The article itself is hilarious too
You're a hero for the link.
The best Onion Articles are the ones where they try to make a point.
Thanks for the link. This is just beautiful.
i'm a toy collector and this is my favorite one
Really late to the party, but this one reminds me of my favorite,[Existentialist Firefighter Delays 3 Deaths](https://www.google.com/amp/www.theonion.com/amp/17500) 
Jokes so dark they're getting shot by police.
Jesus.
Sweet baby Jesus in a manger!
/r/jesuschristtheonion
I choose to believe every article about joe biden was 100% accurate.
The word abortionplex is just so funny. And the article is actually even better, unlike some onion articles 
For a while,  Yelp had a page for the Abortionplex,  populated by glowing reviews from satisfied customers,  and occasional horrified comments by the clueless Right.  Unfortunately, it was eventually taken down.  However, it lives on in reporting:https://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/blogpost/post/yelp-reviews-8-billion-fake-abortionplex-in-kansas/2011/06/01/AG7LCVGH_blog.html?utm_term=.3fe3d1891bc3
> Shirtless Biden Washes Trans Am in White House Driveway. (Joe will be missed.)On the biden train, http://www.theonion.com/article/biden-forges-presidents-signature-executive-order--54723
[Enjoy](http://www.theonion.com/graphic/a-look-inside-planned-parenthoods-8-billion-aborti-20488).
There were so many Joe Biden articles and they were all GOLD. I still look through them from time to time.
I don't know how a person can read I wish I was aborting twins so I could stay here twice as long! as anything but a joke.
This one is definitely my favorite.  It also astounded me how many people believe it was true.
Oh God I forgot about the abortionplex one lol.  The yelp page that went along with it was hilarious.
Yeah, I don't love this headline as much as other but the fact that a Republican shared it as truth...Priceless.
Joe Biden lands sweet summer job setting up pools in backyards
So that's where that meme comes from
That was a classic and the start of a hilarious thing.
I once literally begged a webcomic author to not kill a character that was a complete cinnamon roll.Given the origin of the term, I should have known that it was pointless to even try.
As a dad, I watched a two and a half hour movie in just five hours the other day. I was pretty proud of that.
Same guy thinks it would be nice if there was just *one* sharp pencil in the house.
I love clickhole. This quiz will call you a cricket! okayy. 
Also Clickhole:How Embarrassing! Trump Signs Executive Order that Just Says Hot Cube
This is eerily accurate, and witch hunting is often perpetuated on Reddit.
Someone Built A World In Minecraft Where 9/11 Never Happened And Its IncredibleI read the title on facebook one day and just lost it.
I loved their Which Founding Father are You? quiz. 
My favorite clickventure was [Murder, Cheat, and Fuck Your Way Through Boston] (http://www.clickhole.com/clickventure/murder-cheat-and-fuck-your-way-through-boston-3405#2,)
Other members of U2 pretty much okay with children starving in Africa. 
I remember saying holy shit out loud to myself when I saw that one
http://www.theonion.com/video/sony-releases-new-stupid-piece-of-shit-that-doesnt-14309
And thus was born one of my favorite phrases, time vampire 
I thought the onion wasn't an actual news site?
This one was my favorite. Especially the deadpan omg are you seriously killing me right now
Didn't this somehow make national news? I feel like I remember seeing genuine outrage over this.
My 12 year old daughter didn't understand why I thought this was funny. 
>I've even started to visualize these repulsive cock-sucking episodes during the healthy, heterosexual marital relations I enjoy with my wifeeven some that haven't actually happened, like the sweaty, post-game locker-room tryst with Vancouver Canucks forward Mark Messier that I can't seem to stop thinking about.Perfect. 
the best one
For those who don't know, this is the article the Onion reposts (with slight variation) after every major mass shooting in the United States. 
Love how you can not read the body of the article and still understand the title. Jesus, sad times 
... damn
This is the best one. 
Mr. Grassy Knoll is also being questioned.
Everything in *Our Dumb Century* is great. US finds last place on Earth untouched by war, blows it to hell
Oh god I can relate to that. I had a panic attack while out partying with friends once and tried coming back after half an hour. Didn't work out. 
A similar one Woman Who Begins Sentence with 'Oh My God' Really needs to Stick the Landing
That one.  I had to scroll down to make sure someone acknowledged its beauty.
[The audio](https://youtu.be/T2VXyfvZxSU) they created for the video... I was absolutely dying.
Neil Armstrong's historic first words on moon: Holy living fuck
My 71 year old father wants to get this one framed. He giggles like a little boy every time he sees it.
What I like about this one is imagining that many people in real life probably had that reaction while watching it happen.
Neil Armstrong's historic first words on Moon: 'Holy Living Fuck
I've met this man multiple times. Sometimes he's even a woman. 
If Reddit was an an Onion headline.
I am that man. I sometimes feel bad about it. Sometimes I sail that ship right into the storm with a smile. 
r_slash_thebeatles.jpg
I never saw this one before....that is ODIOUS!  Thank you, kind stranger.
Thanks!  This is the one I was going to post.  First time I laughed after 9/11, much needed therapy.
>Worse yet, many of the worst violators claim that their actions are justified by passages in the Bible, Torah, and Qur'an.>To be honest, there's some contradictory stuff in there, okay? God said. So I can see how it could be pretty misleading. I admit itMy bad. I did My best to inspire them, but a lot of imperfect human agents have misinterpreted My message over the millennia. Frankly, much of the material that got in there is dogmatic, doctrinal bullshit. I turn My head for a second and, suddenly, all this stuff about homosexuality gets into Leviticus, and everybody thinks it's God's will to kill gays. It absolutely drives Me up the wall.
Fuck, that's still so relevant.
The one articles that makes you chuckle for the whole thing, except at the end when you cry.
Hijackers Surprised To Find Selves In Hell Interviews with 9/11 hijackers and demons that were torturing them 
Damn it, that's actually me irl.
Can confirm.
me irl
Yeah , that five blade one was epic. Probably too 10 funniest thing I've ever read
The blades one sounds like something Cave Johnson would say.
Came here to say FIVE BLADES! That was the best life imitating art edition of The Onion ever!Well, that and the one when Bush W was elected: [Our Long Nightmare of Peace and Prosperity is Over!](http://www.theonion.com/article/bush-our-long-national-nightmare-of-peace-and-pros-464)
https://youtu.be/UjAZnGeBcgg
He can still win!  BERNIE 2016
Wanted Bernie to win, laughed harder at the Bernie one than any other post in this thread.
Also, Black man given nation's worst job.
Best was their look back on his presidency: Black man does 8 years
http://www.theonion.com/article/clinton-deploys-very-special-forces-to-iraq-645
And I thought this meme originated with the Justin Trudeau quote but this article predates it.
This is perfect
Great Beaverton one from recently:[The Beaverton launches crowdfunding campaign to finance investigative report on why Ezra Levant is such a fuckface](https://www.thebeaverton.com/2017/02/beaverton-launches-crowdfunding-campaign-finance-investigative-report-ezra-levant-fuckface/)
Experience Tranquility 
The whole world must learn of our peaceful ways by force!
Fun fact, there actually are violent Buddhist extremists. I suppose assholism transcends religion.
> Man loses last bit of hope he didn't even know he hadGo on now, git!
The accompanying image for that article is the best Photoshop they have ever done: http://i.onionstatic.com/onion/2340/2/16x9/960.jpg
Wait what.
Realistically there isn't much to be done, after all the gorilla is still In their basement
It's probably the best article The Onion has every written.  http://www.theonion.com/article/no-way-prevent-says-only-nation-where-regularly-ha-51444  http://www.theonion.com/article/no-way-prevent-says-only-nation-where-regularly-ha-51938  http://www.theonion.com/article/no-way-prevent-says-only-nation-where-regularly-ha-51443  http://www.theonion.com/article/no-way-to-prevent-this-says-only-nation-where-this-36131  
IMO their best articles are the ones that are biting, not funny.
If one of his band members  died first, Deadhead dead ahead of head deadhead
r/WordAvalanches
After George Harrison died,Ringo next
Actually though...
We laugh, but the UK government does this with unemployment
that's not funny, that just hurts.
Came here to post this! This is just how I feel when flying.
Sounds like everyday of my life 
That one hits home in this gut wrenching way. Life has a way of just fucking us in the ass.
Way, way, way too real
That actually happened a long time ago:https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Marbury_v._Madison
Did Otto from the Simpsons say it first? 
Too close to home...
You did your best!
Clickhole is owned by the Onion and is the clickbait to their fake news, so yeah I'd count it.
Oh gosh this is one of the few I haven't seen, and it is amazing!
NSFW that if I recall correctly  which one it is.
I dont know what is funnier, Jesus gettimg a trunkjob or the happy look on buddahs face with that elephants fist up his ass
Scarily prophetic.
Came here specifically to locate and upvote this.  And the article was in fact perfectly prescient. We're going to mix it up with someone.
I'm surprised this one is so low, maybe cause the title isn't that witty
The facial expression from Kennedy especially does it for me.
> Asshole Proud of Asshole SonI just tried googling this and found this comment ^^Google's either getting really good, or really bad...
Have you tried the waybackmachine? What year about do you remember seeing this article? 
Jesus Christ, I can't stop laughing. Omg 
Ah, I remember when Glenn Beck was close to the top of most terrible public figures. Such simpler times.
That's the best euphemism for layoffs I've ever heard.
For context, I believe this was after Gene Siskel died.
Came here to say this
[I Promise To Work Tirelessly To Achieve My Campaigns Goals, Threatens Trump In Terrifying Address](http://www.theonion.com/article/i-promise-work-tirelessly-achieve-my-campaigns-goa-55094)
damn, beat me to it, I still think about it and smile every now and then
The tv listings after 9/11 were great. MTV had Blink-182 sends their condolences and Carson Daly in way over his head. Animal planet or Discovery jad Sharks, terrorists of the animal kingdom
It can be found in Our Dumb World, the Onion version of a world atlas.
You misspelled awesome 
A perfect game in baseball is when a pitcher gets all 27 outs in order without any batter getting on base.In tee ball, played by children under 5, the ball literally just sits on top of a stick so it's really impossibly to miss. Basically, the Special Olympics kids can't hit a still baseball.
Yer out!
A bunch of retarded and disabled kids couldn't hit a baseball off of one of these things. http://s3-ap-southeast-2.amazonaws.com/resources.farm1.mycms.me/goodbuddy-com-au/Resources/ProductImages/352_lo.jpg
Jesus Christ that fucking picture of the plane my goddamn sides
I have a developmentally disabled child.  The tee would take a beating, but every now and then he would connect.  Then he would run the wrong way.  At least he was having fun.
We have found really great actors who can pretend to be celebrities/popular figures, but Chad realized they're actors and wished for the actual celebrities.Edit - GRAMMAR NAZI ANGRY, GRAMMAR NAZI CORRECT!
It would be fucking Chad. 
Of course his name is Chad
I had never seen this, it's wonderful. Thank you.
Well we can only hope that it is soon.
I used to be a sadomasochistic necrophiliac with a penchant for bestiality, but I stopped when I realized I was just beating a dead horse. 
There's a famous Scottish football headline that needs a little bit of setup: Caledonian Thistle, known as Cally, are a pretty poor football team, but they played Celtic - one of the top teams in the league - and thrashed them.The headline for the match report was: Super Cally Go Ballistic Celtic Are Atrocious.
See Gemini:[It's unclear whether you're going to murder ice cream men or become an ice cream man and murder people, but the stars are pretty certain you're going to be known as the Ice Cream Man Murderer.](http://www.theonion.com/horoscope/your-horoscopes-week-of-february-22-2011-19262)
The Onion are so clever with this. An article about Obama, two actually;Black Man Asks Nation for ChangeAndBlack Man Given Worst Job Ever
These are the best words.
They do that a lot.
To start, if someone accused of a crime is found not guilty because of some loophole in the law, or someone not filing paperwork correctly, we'd say they got off (were not convicted) on a technicality. For example let's say the police found damning evidence, but didn't have a warrant to get that evidence, then it would be thrown out in court, and they don't have enough to convict without it.Next, to get off is slang for having an orgasm, usually through masturbation.A fetish is having getting sexual arousal from something in particular, usually unusual, such as feet or choking.Jurisprudence is legal theory.So, someone who gets aroused by the law is having an orgasm at some loophole in the law. Or they were found not guilty by a loophole.
Thank mr skeltal
I don't want to alarm you, but there is a spooky skellington inside you  *right now*
r/holdmybeer
Trump is my little honey boo, don't you talk shit about him mfuker, I just wanna snuggle right next to him, feef him advent's calendar chocolate and whisper sweet things to his ear. 
Hold my beer-USA
I was ultra religious when I first read it. It's funny. Guy needs to pull the Holy Spirit out of his ass... that sounded funnier in my head
That's pretty much how it worked out.
It's Jason Bourne.
I trusted you
> I've heard some pretty stupid shit in my time, but this definitely takes the cake, said Dr. Anderson Hunt...Lmao
Joe Biden to Jump the Washington Monument Reflecting Pool for the Troops. 
The one about him twirling his butterfly knife during a commencement speech was solid gold. 
The one about Joe letting his friend Worm sit in on presidential meetings. It has a bunch of people from the government in suits at a table then one guy with a bald head and sunglasses wearing biker leathers.
They outdid themselves last Christmas. Biden forges Obama's name on executive order to make December Dokken History month
The ones for John Kerry are just as good. You'll never see this kind of gold about Condoleezza Rice, Hillary Clinton, or Rex Tillerson. 
I liked the woman they were interviewing at the end who was trying to get pregnant again so she could come back.
No matter what your views are about abortion, that climbing wall would have been sick
God bless Diamond Joe Biden. Ol' Uncle Joe kept the White House badass.
Thhe Biden and John Kerry ones are my favorite.
My best friend thought it was real. She is not pro-choice. I broke down all the article's features to see if any one of them was believable. 
Also my fav meme.
My ex used to call herself a pure cinnamon role too good for this world.  Now I know where she got that...
Oh wow I'm not the only one out there that gets this treatment too.  I tried watching TV once, but the parasites see it an invitation to sit on me or that their issues are suddenly extremely important. 
Sometimes, Clickhole is so far beyond what The Onion has to offer.  [The Colonize Mars clickventure is a great use of your time.](http://www.clickhole.com/clickventure/want-leave-earth-go-colonize-mars-5118) 
I make everyone take the Do you know what boats are? quiz
My favorite clickhole quiz is the tesla car simulator
Reagan's Body Dies made me do the same
r u 4 real killing me rght now?
Yes, I remember it too. 
I love it when people take the onion seriously.
It was very popular over at Literally Unbelievable.
Someone please find this
I remember this story or a similar one blowing up on Facebook when people thought it was real.
I love it when the ly name drop absolutely random people
I think this describes the inner monologue of like 90% of the anti-gay crowd.
Not even with slight variations they repost the same article word for word, just changing the date and location. 
All the famous assassins have three part names.  John Wilkes Booth, John Hinckley Junior, the sandy hook dude, Saturday Night Live, etc.   The Grassy Knoll has a three part name.   How much more proof do you guys need?!?!
> Mr. Grassy Knoll is also being questioned.There is (or at least, was) a bluegrass band called The BluegrassyKnoll.
i'm a crybaby at the worst of times and this headline is basically my life. my emotions just immediately tie to my tear ducts, i cry all the time. people find it to be a bigger deal than i do. 
I too have been on Reddit.
The onion right after 9/11 was amazing and a fine example of non critical satire. That article about the woman baking a cake and not knowing what to do is amazing. 
You haven't laughed in 15 years? 
You're welcome. 
I remember doing the same thing!If I remember correctly, there was another article titled Holy Fucking ShitAfter watching Jon Stewart cry on the Daily Show, it was nice to find a little humor somewhere.
Every night, I kiss my framed photo of Bernie that I keep under my pillow and BELIEVE.
And Black man given 8 years
Omg I think i choked on my own spit. The fucking short plane, lmao
Jesus Christ LoL. Who comes up with stuff.
What's truly funny about it is that there were scads of outraged seniors complaining about Subway's supposed tie-in for 9/11
MAN DIES AFTER HE LOSES SIX YEAR BATTLE WITH GORILLA
I never knew there was more than one, that is genius.
Well, Pigpen died back in 1973, but I don't think the Onion was around back then. 
My second favorite headline in the book is the WWI headline:WA-  ^headline ^continued ^on ^page ^A2
In my defense, the question didn't ask for funniest, lol. That being said, it's my favorite because it just cuts to the bone.
[Podcast](http://www.wnyc.org/shows/radiolabmoreperfect) - the second one but they're all great.
That's what Bill said too 
It was at the end of a report where they were talking about how at the rate we're going we were going to exhaust the world's Miley Cyrus reserves by 2025 or something.
Wait do they actually get impersonators? Because thats fucking wrong
Man, I used to be like that too. Wasn't until I found myself spanking a statue that I realized I'd hit rock bottom.
Then there's [this jewel](http://imgur.com/a/S9YvB) from Juventus - BATE Borisov.
I was told this headline in 2003 by a Scottish man I met in Madagascar and I always remembered it. That's all, carry on.
Horoscopes like that are purposefully vague.  That could apply to anyone.
You don't know why people are so freaked out by your collection of bloody children's underwear. After all, it says Museum of Bloody Children's Underwear right on the hand-painted sign on your house.
Thanks.  Didn't know what jurisprudence was and looking it up I was still pretty confused.
Updoot for good calcium
Thank
AND IT'S COVERED IN BLOOD
FeeF
This comment gave me cancer.
You name your vibrators too, eh?
Secret Service Shuts Down Joe Biden's Unofficial White House Tour
Advising graduates to check this shit out
 I saved neil Armstrong and got to see a lot of fucking alligators 
This reminds me of when Cracked was good. I feel like the Onion must have poached all their good writers and made Clickhole.
Was the outrage over euthanising a sullen teenager or joking about euthanasia?
This was written in 1998, when Mark Messier was one of the best players in the NHL, which is less random than it seems now. The bigger issue is that Messier was a centerman, not a forward. 
I think that would be the definition of, slight variation
Keegan Michael Key, Daniel Day Lewis(has he ever played an assassin?)
Lee Harvey Oswald. QED
NYC post 9/11 was a strange place. I remember this was one of the first things that made me laugh too after the city was attacked.
that post was 15 days after the event
Geniuses.
The Onion. 
Also very, very sad
Yeah, I liked that episode, I thought some of the others weren't so great, they over do it sometimes, but I'm still hoping for more from them. 
I couldnt remember, I saw it as a crawler on one of their videos, I had thought it was the bat in the congress, but that mightve been because that was other favorite bit
My mom was a Disney princess for make a wish for a couple years. Not quite the same thing, but she wasn't an actual princess.
I feel you. I used to have a fetish for clinically insane women till I realised I was fucking mental. 
Not to mention that since bones make blood, its literally spewing out blood.
Joe Biden Scores Sweet Summer Gig Installing Above Ground Pools
They didn't realize it was satire.
All centers are forwards.And on behalf of the Canucks fans: fuck messier.
I think it's an important distinction because they make no changes to the actual story they write, which further emphasizes their point imo
Daniel *Day* Lewis.
Half life 3 confirmed 
Biden Gets Grow Light Delivered to White House Under Fake Name
Biden Receives Lifetime Ban From Dave and Buster's
Pol Pot for sure. He basically figured that he was going to re-write history to his liking and that the best way to do that fully was to kill all educated intellectuals who would challenge that. He was the original king of alternative facts and killed his own people to boot.
Josef Mengele.Someone like Hitler was evil, but there's a difference between ordering evil to be done and actually doing it yourself. Not only doing it yourself but having your own little side projects which in all honestly are a whole different level of evil.
Delphine LaLaurieShe did all kinds of fucked up torture experiments on her slaves. Things like sewing people together, amputating limbs. Only discovered because her cook (who was kept chained to the stove) set fire to the kitchen in a suicide attempt to avoid being taken upstairs to the torture room. 
My ex-wife Stacy. Fuck you, Stacy. I have nothing left to give.
Pol PotOrchestrated the genocide of his own people, he ran the Khmer Rouge and the communist revolution that sort to set the clock back to day 0, where everyone was equal. This included killing 1/4 of the population of Cambodia, mostly the educated - or even those who looked educated (having glasses and a beard were some typical 'signs' )- he sent all the people out into the fields to work and started multiple wars with Vietnam.The man was a devil 
King Leopold II of Belgium
David Miscavige
What about HH Holmes? With his murder hotel?
[Albert Fish.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Albert_Fish)Serial killer, child rapist, cannibal... and writer of gleeful letters containing the details of what he'd done to the child's family.
Bill Burr has a great riff on this on his new Netflix special...basically Hitler is the standard for evil but Stalin killed WAYYYY more people and doesn't get a sniff.Edit: My most upvoted and simultaneously most completely misunderstood post. 
The Imperial Japanese get forgotten too easily, but they were really messed up. https://www.hawaii.edu/powerkills/SOD.CHAP3.HTM 
Japanese Emperor Hirohito. The one from WW2. He was the one who rubber stamped the Rape of Nanking. Which can only be described as The Industrialization of Murder-Rape. He even sent a letter to the troops saying he was giving all those chinese POWs to them as a gift.But nooooo History just remembers him as the whimsical marine biologist. Oh and Unit 731 happened under his command too. Which involved live human experimentation and vivisection.
Lets not forget to mention King Leopold II of Belgium.  An excellent example of why Africa became a horror show.
The kids behind [the murder of Junko Furuta](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Murder_of_Junko_Furuta). If you decide to read into the details of that case, just be warned that it's probably going to be the most brutally gruesome and disturbing thing you'll ever read.
Shiro Ishii, head of Unit 731 of the Japanese Imperial Army that performed experiments like vivisection on prisoners of war.
StalinMaoPol Pot
Genghis Khan and Khublai Khan were pretty ruthless. It's unclear to me why they aren't viewer as villains. There's a fine line I wonder if somebody could explain.
Dictators and tyrants are bad, but sadists are the worst of the bad. I do not care to cite an example, but there have been countless sadistic pedophiles who have tortured children to death for amusement. I believe an argument can be made that such people are more evil than even Hitler or Stalin. 
Prince Kan'in, Prince Osaka, General Matsui, Isamu Ch for the Nanjing MassacreGeneral Shiro Ishii, Lt. General Masaji Kitano for Unit 731But really, every single person involved in both those events on the Japanese side is guilty.
Uday Hussein. From [Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Uday_Hussein#Allegations_of_crimes):> As head of the Iraqi Olympic Committee, Uday oversaw the imprisonment and torture of Iraqi athletes who were deemed not to have performed to expectations. According to widespread reports, torturers beat and caned the soles of the football players' feetinflicting intense pain without leaving visible marks on the rest of their bodies. Uday reportedly kept scorecards with written instructions on how many times each player should be beaten after a poor showing. He would insult athletes who performed below his expectations by calling them dogs and monkeys to their faces. One defector reported that imprisoned football players were forced to kick a concrete ball after failing to reach the 1994 FIFA World Cup finals. The Iraqi national football team were seen with their heads shaved after failing to achieve a good result in a tournament in the 1980s. It was widely circulated that Uday ordered the shaving as part of the punishment. Another defector claimed that athletes were dragged through a gravel pit and subsequently immersed in a sewage tank to induce infection in their wounds. After Iraq lost 41 to Japan in the quarter-finals of the 2000 AFC Asian Cup in Lebanon, goalkeeper Hashim Khamis Hassan, defender Abdul-Jabar Hashim Hanoon and forward Qahtan Chathir Drain were labeled as guilty of loss and eventually flogged for three days by Uday's security.> Kidnapping young Iraqi women from the streets in order to rape them. Uday was known to intrude on parties and otherwise discover women whom he would later rape. Time published an article in 2003 detailing his sexual brutality.> * Usage of an iron maiden on persons running afoul of him.* Beating an army officer unconscious when the man refused to allow Uday to dance with his wife; the man later died of his injuries. Uday also shot and killed an army officer who did not salute him.* Stealing approximately 1,200 luxury vehicles, including a Rolls-Royce Corniche valued at over $200,000.* Plotting, in 2000, to assassinate Ahmed Chalabi, the leader of the Iraqi National Congress. This was done shortly after Saddam named his younger son heir apparent to the dictatorship, and Uday attempted to remove Qusay from that position by currying favour with his father through the assassination.
Mugabe, the man even has his own micro-Hitler mustache.
Eva Braun.Sure, Hitler was a megalomaniac who conceived of and executed a systematic genocide that saw the murder of millions of people, but Eva Braun sucked *that guy's* cock every night.  What must it take to be the woman who swallows that guy's load?
Kim Il Sung. And put the other Kims in there too.
Pol Pot, its a shame how little that guy is mentioned when threads start batting around names like Stalin and Mao.  That guy achieved really was cartoonish levels of evil.  Unfortunately he died before he could be tried.
Pol Pot but [Luis](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Luis_Garavito) also takes the cake.
The people who are terrible enough to destroy hundreds of thousands of lives for their businesses. E.g: Cartel leaders, The Cabal(like in 'The Blacklist'), politicians trying to force certain parts of the world back into savagery, etc.
Whoever invented that clamshell package type.
People forget about Saddam, but they mostly forget about those evil fucking sons of his.  Saddam and his boys personally tortured and murdered pretty much anyone they felt like.[they tortured the soccer team if they didn't perform well](http://www.nytimes.com/2003/05/06/world/aftereffects-reign-of-terror-soccer-players-describe-torture-by-hussein-s-son.html)[he gets his own page about human rights violations](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Human_rights_in_Saddam_Hussein's_Iraq)[Let's not forget how Saddam took power](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OynP5pnvWOs)[did I mention his kids were evil pieces of shit?](http://content.time.com/time/magazine/article/0,9171,454453,00.html)[like, real scumbags](http://www.si.com/vault/2003/03/24/340225/son-of-saddam-as-iraqs-top-olympic-official-uday-hussein-is-accused-of-the-torture-and-murder-of-athletes-who-fail-to-win)Say what you will about bush, the war, etc...the husseins were evil pieces of shit and the world is better off with them dead
The CEO of Nestle Peter Brabeck. Who thinks water is not a human right. 
The CEO of Comcast
The Romans who decided to sack Carthage. After defeating the Carthaginians in two wars (the Punic Wars), Rome made Carthage into a ghost of its former self. An extremely reduced military force, it could absolutely not wage war in Europe and had to ask to wage war in Africa, Lost all of their territories and outposts around the Mediterranean and had to pay insane reparations for 50 years to Rome.Well, Carthage bounces back fantastically - within ten years, they offer to pay back the 40 remaining years worth of reparations in full. Rome, stunned, refuses. No skin off Carthages back - the continue to be an increasingly rich society and things just get better and better for them. The short and sweet of it is Rome got scared, and Rome got greedy. Out of nowhere, they order the Carthaginians give them 300 hostages (read: children of noble families). The Carthaginians knowing they cant fight Rome and needing help with warring Algerian tribes (who were allies of the Romans) sent them 300 children despite the raw grief stricken mothers and sisters. Roman then orders all their weapons, armor and shields. The Carthaginians, knowing they could not fight Rome, still needing help with the Algerian tribes and thinking it would be enough to have the 300 children returned, gave up every single sword, spear, chest plate, shield and catapult they had to Rome. It wasn't enough. Diplomats were sent to Rome to see what it was they wanted - what Carthage needed to do to get their children back and receive some assistance with Algerians who were already grabbing mass amounts of territory from the now unarmed Carthaginian empire. Rome told the they had to abandon Carthage and move inland. The Diplomats claimed that part of the peace agreement was to ensure the safety of the City of Carthage. Rome said well we consider the people of Carthage 'the city' not the physical town. They wanted tens, if not hundreds of thousands of people to walk into the desert and start anew after taking 300 children and all of their weapons and armor. It wasn't possible. So the diplomats returned and were near immediately beaten to death by the people of Carthage. Rome prepare for war. So did Carthage. They remade as much as they could and against the Roman war machine held their city for three years. At the end of that three years Carthage physically didnt exist anymore. From the population of hundreds of thousands the Romans probably took below ten thousand prisoners as slaves.The ancient world was brutal, but what the Romans did was so needlessly backhanded and sociopathic that I put the destruction of Carthage up their with a normal Assyrian Tuesday.
I would go with Mao. His decissions that resulted in mass famine and deaths of millions were a result of economic illiteracy, so you could argue that he really believed he was doing something good. BUT apparently during the Great Leap Forward he knew perfectly well that the people suffered and starved, yet did jack shit to stop it. And don't get me started on the Cultural Revolution, he basically started a civil war, just to regain influence. 
Michelle Martin. She helped her husband with rape minors and when her husband was in jail she knew that a few where locked up in the basement. Instead of helping she let those girls starve to death and when her husband was free again she helped to kidnap some more.Worst part of this all is that she is currently free after being released early out of jail. 
Andrew Wakefield.Falsified research data to discredit the MMR vaccine, due to connections with the alternative medicine industry, and then published in the journal Lancet.After researchers failed to duplicate his results, the fraud was discovered, the Lancet issued a full retraction, and Wakefield was barred from practicing medicine in the U.K.The result? The modern anti-vaccine movement.If I was in a room with Hitler, Stalin, and Wakefield, & had a gun with two bullets, I'd shoot Wakefield twice.
- Pol Pot- Joseph Stalin- Mao- Josef Mengele- Kim Jong Il- Leopold II- Elizabeth Bathory- Ted Bundy- Benito Mussolini**EDIT:** Added a few more people.
Ted Bundy. The man had absolutely no conscience or remorse
[Tammy Gueterman for killing Birdperson](http://rickandmorty.wikia.com/wiki/Tammy_Gueterman)
Idi Amin
Dinkleburg 
Kane
Tammy #2
Henry Kissenger
Every fictional character named Tammy.
Colombus. 
Vlad the impaler...ivan the terrible
George Soros 
Shooter McGavin. 
Saddam Hussein, that son of a bitch  ruined millions of millions life 
I'd like to nominate Dick Cheney.
King Leopold of Belgium. He is responsible for deaths of untold thousands in the Congo and for starting the practice of cutting natives hands off. And Cecil John Rhodes, basically in part responsible for starting South Africa towards Apartheid. 
Kim Il Sung.
My dog. She took a shit on my mechanical keyboard and now the keys don't push down properly as shit is stuck under them.
Dennis Reynolds 
Genghis Khan. This guy literally raped thousands of women. So many that it is quite likely that he is a distant relative of many people in this thread.
John Wayne Gacy? ED Gein? I was going to make a terrible joke about the CEO of Comcast, but then I read the earlier threads. It is important to remember that evil comes in many forms. They don't need to have extensive body counts. It could be based on their notoriety and the degree of fucked up that their crimes included.
I guess 500+ years of separation help mend the wounds, but Genghis Khan and his immediate successors took warfare to a level I don't think got matched until WWII.  Granted so long as you didn't stir up trouble you were granted a surprising amount of freedom. But if you crossed them, they would annihilate everything you ever loved or heard about.  The Mongol Empire was arguably responsible for the end of the Islamic Golden Age.  But winners write history I guess.
George Soros.  A Hungarian Jew that, by his own admission, worked for the Nazis and *enjoyed* it.  He grew up making a fortune destabilizing countries' currencies and betting against them.  He caused economic collapse in a number of nations. He's now behind Open Societies Foundation, an organization in charge of creating social discord for the sake of advancing his social agenda and making him money.The guy is pure evil.  He even looks like a cartoon villain.  
Dictator Joseph Stalin.He ruled the Soviet Union for more than two decades, instituting a reign of terror.
Dr. Evil
The Lich from Adventure Time. Evil Incarnate with only one purpose; to purge all realities of life.
Toby. 
I was going to say Pol Pot but a lot of people had already mentioned him, so my candidate in second place for the most evil and stupid cunt who has ever ruled a country (after Pol Pot) is Rafael Lenidas Trujillo dictator of Dominican Republic, he was basically a fucktard who overthrew the previous president by force and then used his power just to please himself, he was a megalomaniac, he forced people in his country to have a potrait of his mother at their homes, and established a cult of personality towards him, but that's far from being the worst thing he did. He hated Haitians and he killed many Haitians who migrated to his country (a lot of people, because these two counties share the same island) he killed everyone who was against him, freedom of press was non-existent at all, he tortured the people he caught before killing them, and sometimes he would torture somebody's family just because this one person allegedly did something against him. He managed to get total control of the government so that everyone who didn't supported him was immediately incarcerated or assassinated at his command. The whole population feared him, especially after he commanded The Parsley massacre where he commanded to kill over 25,000 Haitians. But the total of his victims were over 50,000. He gave authorization to his guards to do pretty much whatever they anted with the people, as a result of this,rape victims escalated, it is known that Trujillo himself sometimes went to the streets and picked some girls to rape. There's not even one good thing I could say about this guy. he was just a complete dick.
Mother Theresa, Charles Manson, Jared Fogle, Stalin, Osama Bin Laden
The people whose names' only their victims know, because they live and die without being found out. 
that slimeist of slime sales manager at the wynn resorts sales pitch in myrtle beach, nc.
The terrorists who committed the 9/11 attacks. I know it's not one person, but it's people nonetheless.Edit: changed 911 to 9/11
Talaat Pasha of the Ottoman Empire. It was his idea to exterminate Armenians. He ordered his men to arrest Armenian leaders and intellectuals on April 24, 1915. He eventually issued mass deportations and mass killings resulting into the Armenian genocide of 1.5 million Armenians. Turkish government denies these acts until this day. 
Amon Goeth
Soros
Mugabe
George W Bush killed 1.3 million people with the War on Terror, most of them civilians. He may not be quite on Hitler's level, but I reckon he at least earned an honorable mention.
lord_tuts
Christopher Columbus
My mother-in-law
Elizabeth Bathory
Pol Pot - responsible for the death of 1-3 million in Cambodia  Joseph Stalin - killed anywhere from 3 to 60 Million in USSR  Jim Jones - responsible for the largest mass suicide in history (of over 900)  Mao - killed 78 million in China  Vlad the Impaler - killed 40 000 and was inspiration for Dracula  Heinreich Himmler - led the Nazi SS  
Josef Fritzl and Stalin should be on the list.Fritzl because of what he did to his own daughter, for 23 years.Stalin because an estimated 34 million - 49 million people died because of actions.
Josef Stalin. He killed more of his own people than the enemy.
The Kim family. 
Violet Morris. French aristocrat's daughter who was a fantastic athlete excelling in soccer, motorcycle & auto endurance racing, and boxing. She spent WWI as a motorcycle messenger. Kicked out of French athletics for knocking out too many opponents in soccer matches.Pissed at the French, she turned SS interrogator and spy hunter to exact her revenge during WWII and had a penchant for torture. She was killed in a hail of machine gun fire at the hands of Allied troops. Badassoftheweek.com 
Stalin. Stalin makes Hitler look like an amateur.Stalin ran the kind of one sided reign of terror Hitler wished he could pull off. There would be no Jews if Stalin was running the holocaust.Never mind the war crimes, the famines, the mass deportations, the hilarious military and political purges. Stalin was the kind of guy who'd erase you from history if you pissed him off. And of course Mao makes the pair of them looking like angry school kids. Mao was also the kind of terrifying dictator who would execute high ranking government members for daring to tell him the truth when it wasn't what he wanted to hear, but his efforts to modernize China royally fucked the population. Mao is the kind of guy who *increased* grain exports while his population was busy starving to death in record numbers.But they tend to get less hate than the Nazi's because they didn't lose. Stalin ruled over the height of the USSR, and Mao's Communists still control China. Hes a hero for finally ending a massive civil and unifying China, the people in charge in China rule on the back of the power he amassed.Hitler probably would have been a German hero too, if he didn't lose. 
Bundy, Gacy and Dahmer.
Manuel Noriega Siad BarrePol PotIdi AminJulius II 'The warrior Pope'
There were so many more evil men in history than Hitler - we just consider him the anti-christ because he remains in many peoples' living memory.  
>Pol PotThat's a stupid fucking name, tbh.
One of the ways the Khmer Rouge determined if a person was an intellectual was whether or not they wore glasses.So that's a thing that happened forty years ago.
He sent the entire country 50 years back in time. 
25% of the population of Cambodia was wiped out by his regime and yet few have really heard of him
Came here to say that. Half of my blood lime was wiped out by him. My mom has some horrific stories. They had to spend two years running through the jungle, hiding under water infested with leeches and snakes breathing through straws to hide from his soldiers. It was a fucking nightmare.
Hitler, Stailn, Pol Pot, all good men.  But do you know what they lacked?
Oskar Dirlewanger was like that. There was a rumour he turned a Jewish woman into soap. He was basically so bad the Nazis took him to court.
Came here to say this. Just hearing his name makes me feel sick to the stomach. I went to visit Auschwitz with my family when I was about 11 and there was information on the experiments he held, particularly on the Ovitz family and other people with dwarfism he 'curated'. He did things like perform hysterectomies without any anesthesia, inject chemicals into their eyes, boiled two men alive for a demonstration in order to archive their skeletons. All the while cultivating this fatherly image towards his victims. I'm a dwarf myself and reading this stuff when I was 11 years old was a very formative experience for me. These people weren't seen as human, whatsoever. I wouldn't have been human to them. I would just be an object. A freak, asking for this treatment. My intellect, my sense of humour, my whole consciousness - they could be as apparent to them as that of an insect to me. I just started crying. It probably sounds self-centered, but the suffering of the Holocaust became less abstract to me in that moment. It honestly kept me up at night for a couple of weeks, at least.    
*After the war, he fled to South America, where he evaded capture for the rest of his life.*Motherfucker.
He was bad, but Japan's **Shiro Ishii** makes him seem scientific. His biggest thing was experimenting with bio-weapons, he's estimated to have used them on 10,000 people. He had some other horrors like having Chinese women raped for the sole purpose of examining how they reacted to having abortions.And to make matters worse, he gained immunity for his war crimes, by turning over his research which the US called invaluable because they could never preform them do to their scruples.
Also, after escaping prosecution, he supported himself in part by running illegal abortion clinics with sub-par safety records. I don't care how you feel about abortions. But I think we can all agree that Josef Mengele shouldn't be doing them unsupervised. 
Did any of his experiments actually prove anything? Or were they all for nothing?
I always feel more hatred and disgust for the people that carry out these deeds than the ones who orchestrate it. That's probably stupid of me.. it's not like Hitler was unaware of what they were doing for him but, idk. There is a difference.
Mengele was super fucked up. He never regretted what he did in his life. He would befriend children with candy and then do horrible weird experiments to them. He also would take part in selection even though he didn't have to. He liked it. He would skip around and sing songs while doing it. Super fucked up. 
It was so bad that even the racist, slave owning people of the time went ape and sacked her mansion when they found out.
Wait, is she the person from American Horror Story? I had no idea she was a real person, damn.
I came here to say this. I first heard about her on American Horror Story and just kind of assumed that they made it up. About a year later I learned that she was a real person who actually did that shit. 
am just surprised she ate what that cook made...
Yea seeing that mansion in person is chilling. Looks so normal until you know what went on behind those walls.
I heard about her on a ghost tour in New Orleans 
Maybe she was just insecure because, ya know, her mom has it going on.
Should I give you the upvote or just pass it directly to Stacy?
but her mom has it going on.
That's the thing that separates him from other genocidal dictators like Mao. Mao was just incompetent. Pol Pot cleansing 1/4th of the country *was his goal*.
Khmer Rouge Historical buff here, also used to live in Cambodia.  The figures thrown around about them often end up including people killed by the larger war.They killed a LOT of people...but many were also killed before they took power and studying the numbers I discovered some over zealous folks may have added up all the deaths from the period and attributed them all to the Red Khmer, unwittingly or intentionally.  Easy to do.  The bombing of Cambodia & Laos fast tracked the success of those the bombs were intended for...not exactly a fuck up many would like to contemplate.Side note: Cambodia today is incredibly corrupt.  Its also filled with some of the best people I've ever met.
I honestly didn't think anyone would post something about that sick bastard. Adopted Cambodian that's been raised in the US. No idea who my biological family is but planning on finding them someday. If they're alive. I need a Sam to my Frodo. A Sam to my Jon. A Ronald to my Harry.
Wrote about him for a history class essay... was incredibly difficult to find non-internet sources. Several people in class refused to believe I wasn't making stuff up or exaggerating, since we never learned about this in school so it didn't happen basically.    I also had a chapter about the several Swedish socialists who either claimed that it never happened, or who said the actions were justified and needed. One of them even went there and made a documentary about how great things were and how the Khmer Rogue were saving the people (he was bussed around by the regime) and *of course* there was no genocide, that was just western propaganda... ugh. 
Pol Pot is so bad I've seen tankie Commies who forgive every move by North Korea and Stalin condemn him. Even his own movement thinks he can't be absolved.
To me he was the worst shit who has ever ruled a country. I mean, don't get me wrong, Hitler is despicable, I am not a neo-nazi nor do I support Hitler, but  I can understand, not justify, what he did, at least he had a purpose which wasn't a bad thing, even though his ways to achieve that purpose were terribly wrong, but Pol Pot was just a fucking idiot who had power and used it to fulfill his desires at the expense of his country. He fucked Cambodia beyond repair, just look at Cambodia today is a shithole thanks to Pol Pot, before him it wasn't exactly a rich country but it was far better off, after Pol Pot it really became poor and underdeveloped. He was such a shitty cunt that even communist disregard him as part of their movement I'm talking about people who embrace other genocidals such as Stalin or Mao, even they find Pol Pot a disgusting piece of crap and I can totally understand why they do that, I mean China is a world super power today, (in part) thanks to Mao, Russia is much better off as well in part thanks to Stalin, Lenin and the communist in general. Germany is a good country too. We can say that virtually every country that has had a cruel dictator at power had, by some way or another, benefited a little from that dictator, except for Cambodia, Pol Pot really really destroyed his country and the echoes of his actions can still be seen today.
He rules the Congo Free State as personal property. Resources were more valuable than people [here](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/5/52/MutilatedChildrenFromCongo.jpg) is an example of what was done in the name of greed. It was so bad that other royals in Europe had to take his toy away from him. Read *Heart of Darkness* by Joseph Conrad to understand how evil that was. 
FUN FACT (thats not that fun): The interesting and also sadistic thing about Leopold's rape of the Congo (I think I learned in that history class I was only kinda paying attention to but I'm pretty sure is correct) was that the Belgium introduced the concept of cutting off the hands and feet as a way of torture and terrorism during Belgium's exploitation of the Congo for rubber. If the workers did not meet there rubber quota they who would have their hands cut off. Also the enforcers (who were from the Congo as well) were given a certain amount of bullets every week. At the end of the week they would have to turn back in the bullets and if they were missing one or however many, they had to turn in a hand in place of a bullet. The hand was of a killed worker. This meant 1 bullet = 1 kill, which is pretty difficult for untrained people who have never really seen sophisticated rifles like these before. So the enforcers would kidnap families, mostly women and children and cut off their hands if they missed with a bullet. This was sometimes also done with feet. That is how the introduction of the cutting off of hands and feet was introduced to Congo and Africa.Leopold was a despicable man. 
This is not getting nearly enough up-votes. Worse than Hitler.
Belgian here. In my country, we still haven't really come to terms with this part of our history. Can you imagine pictures of Hitler hanging in German classrooms and statues of him in several major cities? Yeah. It's not that we ignore or deny what happened, it's just that we tend to forget how horrible it really was. Which can be said about most of our colonial history, including Lumumba. Things have finally started changing in recent years, though, partly thanks to an important book by David Van Reybrouck.
He's my choice too. What a colossal asshole.
I remember seeing a really funny thing about him where someone said He killed 15 million Africans, why isn't he taught in schools like Hitler? And someone replied ... So he killed 9 million people
There are statues of this fucker all over Belgium too. It's disgraceful.
Thankfully Scientology hasn't taken over a country, but it's some pretty fucked up shit.
If only David had been a miscarriage instead of a Miscavige.
That was *pure* evil. He had no twisted motives or beliefs that *might* have been even a fucked-up explanation as to why he did it. He just wanted toy with people's lives for the fun of it. Sick.
Devil in the White City is a really good book for those that want to know more. 
> HH HolmesTriple H, by gawd
Oh yeah, Lady Gaga dates him 
I did a research project on this guy in high school. I was never sheltered in the least bit, but reading about this guy gave me actual nightmares. 
The movie about his life is somewhat unsettling, to say the least.
This guy was a real jerk 
The guy who caught him was a fucking champion, too. He spent years trying to catch him after he killed ahs ate that little girl.
All those things are despicable, but writing detailed letters to the child's family? That sick son of a bitch. 
Jews had better PR than slavics
Because Stalin killed for pragmatic reasons (at least in his eyes), almost the terror he unleashed could be explained by his will to stay in power. I think the only ideologically motivated killing came with collectivizing agriculture, and in this case deaths were a by-product of a failed policy. Hitler, on the other hand, killed for ideological reason. He had a warped vision of a perfect world and wanted to wipe out all who didn't fit it. It *didn't matter* if they conformed or not, if they didn't fit arbitrarily set racial criteria, they were as good as dead. Stalin did what all tyrants did throughout history, Hitler was a whole new kind of fucked-up, IMO.Edit: Stalin's crimes are widely known in Central Europe and I believe Western Europe has a good grasp of it, too. I think it's largely an American thing to not know what Stalin did. 
The best line in that bit (paraphrasing) was talking about Mao's huge number but saying it doesn't count because of their population: you could wipe out on a scooter and take out a couple of dozen 
Hitler is ranked higher (lower?) than Stalin because even though Uncle Joe's body count was a lot higher than Hitler's the stalinshcina was only the latest episode of brutality in the Soviet Union, the latest version of a country noted for extreme history. Germany, on the other hand, was arguably one of the most progressive nations in Europe before the Nazis took over. Aside from the sheer pathology and magnitude of the Holocaust, much of the horror is that Germany sank as quickly as it did to the depths that it did.
That's because there were (and are) many more communists and communist sympathizers in the West. 
Wow. Bill Burr needs to fucking read the recent scholarship on a topic if he is going to do a bit on it. People like you take his comedy at face value, and are now completely miseducted on a topic. It is generally accepted that Hitler deliberately killed more civilians than Stalin, and this has been proven statistically multiple times. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/BloodlandsStalin was fucking evil. And a fucking lunatic. TONS of people died under his rule. But he absolutely did not deliberately kill more people than Hitler. He just didn't. 
Reading about them purposefully freezing Manchurian citizens then pouring hot water on them...Reading about the Bataan Death March...Watching *The Emperor's Naked Army Marches On*...Scarring.
One thing that is little known is that they cannibalized prisoners.    Yes, the WWII Japanese were as honorable and civilized as lowly primitive headhunters.  Raped the women on Nanjing, killed the babies.  They had no honor at all.  It disgusts me that for years that Japanese who surrendered were given contempt, from the army at large were but animals, all of them.
Unit 731. No words needed.
The Rape of Nanking is such a horrible thing to read about. The Holocaust is an abhorrent shameful chapter of our history but Nanking was just unnecessarily cruel. The Jews were shot dead in ditches and buried. The victims of Nanking were buried **alive**. It's just all so tragic. 
Add in Tojo for his brutality toward prisoners and the people of the Phillipines
Pretty much the entire Japanese government and their military leaders should've been tried for crimes against humanity and hanged.
Didnt he kill like 10 million africans?
The beard alone was a horrible tragedy.
That fact that multiple people made a manga of this is fucked up 
> The parents of Kamisaku were present[where?] for at least a part of the time that Furuta was held captive, and though she pleaded with them for help, they did not intervene, later claiming that they feared their son too much to do so.       what in the living fuck?! I dont have kids but if I did and I caught them doing such a thing I'd be murdering them self. Jesus people fucking suck. 
I can't even begin to imagine how this girl survived for as long as she did if what I just read is correct. Jfc 
TIL you can torture, rape, and murder someone in Japan and get only 8 years. wtf.
Didn't they also get off without punishment because they came from prominent families?
I never understand why the young criminals who committed murder or rape are protected by all the legal systems around the world. For relatively minor offenses, sure, the kid is still salvageable. But for offenses like that? Criminals like those needs to be removed, no matter how young they are.
Christ on a crutch. That was horrible.  The poor girl. And they basically got slaps on the wrists.
>  Her murder case was named the concrete-encased high school girl murder case.....due to the state of her discovered body in a concrete drum filled with 208 litres of concrete.Someone should teach Japan creative writing skills.
Vevisection?
> prisoners of warNot just prisoners of war. He and his doctors experimented on (read: tortured and killed) Chinese civilians, including women and children as well.
Ho  Lee  Fuk
Mao was such a strange mix of genius, evil, and inept throughout the course of his life. It really makes you wonder where China would be today without him ever taking power. 
I think Mao was more stupid than evil.
While Stalin is evil, if he didn't exist, Europe would be a little bit more German than it is today.
For starters, they were merely the most ruthless rulers in a world absolutely filled with horrible, ruthless rulers.  Most of the things they did were not tremendously uncommon at the time.Secondly, there was actually a lot of progress in the Mongol Empire.  Starting with the very fact that it existed.  Genghis took a bunch of scattered, warring nomadic tribes and forged a great empire.  Impressive stuff, from any perspective.  He encouraged religious tolerance, set out an official written language, and even ran the empire as a meritocracy.  Whether intentional or not, he secured the Silk Road under one cohesive territory, as well.Finally, they had that kind of honest, straightforward warrior culture bit going on.  You didn't get stabbed in the back by the Mongols - you got properly attacked, besieged, conquered, pillaged, and then stabbed in the face.  The Khwarazmian empire, for example.  Genghis didn't want to fight them, but to trade.  A trade caravan was dispatched, 500 strong, but was attacked, pillaged and destroyed by a governor who claimed they were spies and refused to either apologize or make repayments.  Genghis, quite pissed off, held back and sent an envoy of 3 diplomats directly to the Shah.  Only after the diplomats were shaved, one beheaded, and sent back in disgrace (constituting a grave insult to the empire and Genghis personally) did he decide that enough was enough, gather 100,000 warriors, and proceed to utterly annihilate absolutely every last trace of the poor fools who had insulted him.  It was brutal, even by Mongol standards.  Entire cities slaughtered to the last man, woman, child and even animals.  Great pyramids of severed heads, a force of 50,000 men ordered to kill at least 24 enemy citizens **each**...But it was still an open conflict.  The Mongols didn't start it.  They tried to avoid it through diplomacy.  And they were quite clear about their intentions, once things got underway.Contrast this with the secret police, abductions, assassinations, gas chambers, death camps and so on that most recent murderous dictators employ and the Mongols were refreshingly honest and forthcoming in a twisted sort of way.
History paints Genghis Khan in a bad light. He allowed all concurred nations/lands to practices their own religion, offered not to destroy a people if they joined them, keep existing ruling parties in power, unified the Mongol nations, made trade easier from Europe to China, encouraged trade, increased literacy of his empire, revolutionized warfare.
Listen to Dan Carlin's series on the Mongols, he goes into this. 
Fair enough.. As twisted as tyrannical leaders can be, there's probably something in their head that tells them they're doing it for some greater good.
[deleted]
Add Kenji Doihara to that list, at least they hanged that awful piece of shit.
Ishii is doubly evil for getting away with what he did. 
Shiro Ishii was like the Japanese Josef Mengele
Having only learned about the rape of Nanjing when I was a college junior makes me wonder what other fucked up shit is hiding from our cultural memory.
That guy REALLY liked soccer.
Maybe the Iraq war wasn't that bad an idea after all.  His father Saddam Hussein was also very cruel.  
If you havent seen it, [the Devil's Double](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1270262/?ref_=fn_al_tt_1) is worth a watch.
God, his people are suffering so much. It's absolutely horrible.But last I heard, he's incredibly sick or is having some serious health issues. Hope he finally dies so his people can rebuild.
>The only white man you can trust is a dead white manMate
He calls himself the African Hitler too.
Idi Amin of Uganda might not make an evil list but definitely makes the dumbass list; my grandparents (and my father and uncle) had to flee the country when he expelled the Indians from the country, then proceeded to destroy his own economy and run militaristic shitshow until his deposition. Dumbass
Hitler's sexuality was an enigma
I read somewhere that all 5 of the women Hitler was romantically involved with in his life attempted suicide while dating him. Either Hitler was attracted to mentally ill/fragile women or he had some kind of a bad effect on the ladies.
>  What must it take to be the woman who swallows that guy's load?Only one ball's worth.
Power draws whores like flies to shit.
Great Leader Un is the greatest and most powerful man in existence. Your insolence is UNtolerable!
Was that a 3 generation rule joke?
Yeah, I knew a Kim once in college.  Basically a tyrant.
He always gets glossed over because his body count was much lower on a raw numbers basis.   On a percent basis, he was far worse than Mao or Stalin since he killed somewhere between 25-33% of his own people.
Doesn't help that both the West and China was like Pol Pot? He's not a bad guy. Please calm down, Vietnam
&gt;He admitted to the rape, torture and murder of over 147 young boys.&gt;Because he helped police find some bodies, as well as to his confessions, his sentence was further reduced to 22 years. He may possibly qualify for even earlier release for further cooperation and good behavior.What the fuck
Holy Shit. 300+ counts of rape, torture, and murder. **40 fucking years in jail**
You could've just said the CIA and covered all three of those.
I believe you're referring to blister packaging. You have Eva Kllgren to blame for that.
Well, it's not a human right. It's a human fucking necessity. 
I didn't think he said it like that. He said that drinking water is a basic right but clean water is a limited product. We shower, wash cars and just 'waste' tons of fresh drinking water. Therefore he claimed that water should be priced much higher or that unlimited access to fresh water isn't a basic right. But don't worry Nestle did tons of bad things so they deserve some hate.
OP said other than Hitler
Well, I don't see anything wrong with that. Furthermore, Carthage must be destroyed.
> a normal Assyrian Tuesday.Speaking of...> Their men young and old I took prisoners. Of some I cut off their feet and hands; of others I cut off the ears noses and lips; of the young men's ears I made a heap; of the old men's heads I made a minaret. I exposed their heads as a trophy in front of their city. The male children and the female children I burned in flames; the city I destroyed, and consumed with fire.[- Ashurnasirpal II](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ashurnasirpal_II)
I read the book China's Longest March for school last weekend and it painted Mao in really good light. It told about how he was the best leader and made the best choices. Then in like one page it quickly summarized what horrible things he did post-march. It felt like it was trying to cover up what he did.
> result of economic illiteracyThat's the common theme about most communists. Fortunately Deng Xiaoping turned the ship around.
well yeah he was a sociopathic killer. Theres been millions of them, im sure some worse than Teddy
The wrestler?
Taka Michinoku and Funaki were far more EEEEEEEVVVVIIIIIILLLL
More than Tammy #1?
Thanks for pointing that out. That man has a nobel prize. What a cruel joke.
Vlad the Poker...?
Umm, I dont think you know much about Vlad the Impaler.
Genuinely asking, what has he done? I see a ton of people hate on him but no idea who he is.
Watch the video of him taking control of his legislature/killing half of them--terrifying. 
Can you please throw it out?
The islamic golden age ended with the death of intellectualism and rise of conservatives through islam. That chipped away atthe intelligence of the culture and it had decayed into The never ending struggles of on sect againt another.  http://knowledgenuts.com/2013/12/03/the-muslim-who-helped-end-islams-golden-age/
This one is actually a conspiracy theory. Check Snopes on this one. 
There is some [debate](https://www.reddit.com/r/Catholicism/comments/4gmmuh/how_do_i_counter_people_who_hate_on_mather_teresa/) about the Mother Theresa issue.  I would not blindly take Hitchens word on her.  As another commenter said, taking Christopher Hitchens opinions on religious leaders seriously is like getting BBQ recipes from PETA
Thank you for saying Mother Teresa. It's disturbing to me what I've learned about her over the years.
I'm gonna need some context lad
A lot of those things were actually just made up. The accusations were made to get her land and belongings. She also was put in a tower that was shut and died horribly.
The Kardashians?
and /u/singh_sahil24 was never seen again.
It meant Potential politics, except in French. I mean, his real name, Saloth Sor, was kinda okay. No idea why he would change it though.
I'd be dead. My whole family would be dead. Most of my friends would be dead. It's unsettling to think that in another time and place, me and everyone I love would be victims of a genocide.
They also checked if you had callouses on your hand. Callouses = not educated
Also a famous one: if you cannot climb a coconut tree bare handed, you're an intellectual. I married my Cambodian wife two months ago. Words cannot describe how completely traumatized Cambodians still are. The current regime is still considered the 3rd most corrupt in the world. It's worth noting that most former Khmer Rouge leaders are still alive, living in a commune in the North of Cambodia, protected by the military. 
When I wrote my essay on them, I found a first-hand account in a book where a dude was almost killed because he tried to help a 70-80 year old woman stand up after she collapsed (they had been forced to work the fields for days with barely any rest).    They locked him in a room and beat the living shit out of him, telling him over and over (like a brainwashing mantra) that empathy was detrimental to the cause and would be punished as treason. That he should ignore others and focus on work. They literally told him to deny his humanity and become just an emotionless tool for them to employ on the fields. 
Turns out killing the educated intellectuals means that fewer people who would write down these sorts of things are around.
People need to listen to the Dead Kennedys more...and read a history book or two.
I just came from traveling in Cambodia, I would've loved to talk to someone about it all. Personally, I think Pol Pot was worse than Hitler. 
And Noam Chompsky spent years defending that regime. How that guy's career survived that is almost beyond me.
My wife's mother went through the exact same thing, she (and my wife when she was 4) was eventually brought to America by a Catholic organization of nuns.  We still meet with one of the nuns every year and talk about the old times.  Crazy stuff.
My wife has a similar story. She was around 3 when they fled through the jungles before missionaries facilitated their arrival in the states.They were Chinese living in Cambodia which was common it turns out. Her mother doesn't like to talk about it.
No, what did they lack?
They had the will to do what other men would not *shoots henchman in the head*
There is that whole concept of the banality of evil, referring to all the Nazis who went about exterminating Jews as if it were just another day job and diligently filed the paperwork afterwords. Perfectly ordinary people, probably loving fathers, dutiful husbands etc., who were ordered to do horrific things and did them without any objection.Dirlewanger was different, because the psycho fucker liked it. He was a paedophile and a sadist, and *then* he joined the SS. Every story about him is more horrible than the last. After the war he was imprisoned by the Allies, and within a week a squad of Polish guards went into his cell and beat him to death.
According to Wikipedia he also injected strychnine into naked and whipped Jewish girls and watched them convulse to death, along with friends, for entertainment.During the Nuremberg Trials after the war, Berger [this guy's 'mentor'] said: Now Dr. Dirlewanger was hardly a good boy. You can't say that. But he was a good soldier, and he had one big mistake that he didn't know when to stop drinking.*Holy shit*. It's no surprise to me that the powerful often minimize or excuse the horrible things done by their friends. This is the most extreme illustration I've seen.I grew up in Mormon Utah so it's not totally unfamiliar. The principal of the LDS seminary at my 97% LDS high school was convicted of sexual abuse with an underage student 1 or 2 years after I graduated. I know for a fact that when it first came out, the 'buzz' was more rumors that the girl must be making things up, or was herself doing something bad. It happens all over the world of course, India, Middle East, Catholic priests in First World countries too.That's what happens when groups get powerful. They make a home for the soap-making or abusive elements.
What do you mean? How do you turn people into a soap?
He was a paedophile as well. Like he thought being a psychopathic nazi wasn't quite evil enough.
You mean the dude from Fight Club? He turned a lot of people into soap AND sold it back to them.
I remember meeting a holocaust survivor who was telling me about how she used to play the piano for the guards at her concentration camp. I believe she was 9 at the time. And when I asked her if they thanked her or rewarded her she said to me; Oh sweet child, would you thank your stove for food or your radio for music. They did not see me as human. You don't thank something that isn't anything to you. Stuck with me for years. The holocaust truly was and probably will always be an informative topic for those who wish to learn more about it. For better or worse.
Another fucked up thing is that the NAZIs were animal lovers and passed anti animal cruelty laws, so some of the stuff that they did to humans, they wouldn't do to animals.It reminds me of how the Japanese referred to Chinese as logs and unit 731 and others would do horrible experiments on them during the Japanese invasion of china during world War two 
> It probably sounds self-centered, but the suffering of the Holocaust became less abstract to me in that moment.Considering the Nazis murdered thousands of mentally and physically disabled individuals, and sterilized god knows how many more, I don't think that's self-centered at all. (And even if it was, sometimes empathy is about putting yourself in someone else's shoes to understand what's been done to them.)
Reading *The Nazi Doctors*, the most disturbing thing to me about Mengele was that most of his experiments didn't seem to have any scientific purpose to them - they read like a bored sociopathic teenager screwing around in a lab and amusing himself.
I read a very interesting book about him, [Children of the Flames](https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/619916.Children_of_the_Flames) and according to that he become very paranoid and didn't really have a good life after he left Europe. Apparently he had his own watch tower in the garden of the house where he lived and he only got to see his son a few more times in his life.He complained about how unfair his life was and didn't at all understand what he had done wrong.He supposedly drowned when he got a heart attack while swimming and no one was there to help him. I think he was ~~over 80~~ 67 when he died, so he lived quite a long time as a paranoid, angry, lonely and bitter man in countries he didn't like. I don't feel sorry for him.
I watched a documentary about him. One silver lining it gave at the end was that he was paranoid, and probably lived every day of the rest of his life terrified that Israeli special forces were about to kick down the door.
He was so carried away with his curiosity and sadism that his experiments didn't produce much in the way of useful results.I have heard that most scientific knowledge on the human response to drowning comes from research in Nazi concentration camps (not by Mengele, but other doctors) but that may be an urban myth.
He had an interest in the aspects of heredity, but -  I'm not an expert - the nature of his experiments didn't exactly seem oriented around finding out clear results. I could be wrong though. 
To me, it's usually an equal amount of digust, but for Mengale; he was the type to take Hitler's orders with a smile and ask for more to do, and then feel like he wasn't getting to do enough. At least with others, their evil was perpetuated by human complicity and basic greed, with Mengele his evil was perpetuated by his desire to commit evil.
I mean, slave owners did some seriously bad, messed up stuff, but, erm... There are limits, I suppose.
Yeah. Her house really is a museum now too.
I was just about to say the exact same comment, I googled the name because it reminded me of AHS, then realized it was based on a real person... that's fucked up.
for me, the grisliest image in the whole of coven was the bull head being put on the slave. utterly gruesome. 
Yep I read she was the 2nd most evil woman in history according to listverse.  First is Elizabeth Bathory who tortured and killed young girls that were offered a job at her mansion.
Yeah she put holes in peoples heads and put sticks in them to stir their brains
Probably had other slaves test it for her, and was afraid of the ramifications of getting caught trying to kill her.
#SHE'S ALL I WANT, AND I'VE BEEN WAITING FOR SO LONG.
Just give it to her. Lord knows the mailman sure did.^And ^the ^pizza ^boy.^^And ^^the ^^pool ^^boy.^^^And ^^^the ^^^garden ^^^boy.^^^^And ^^^^Chad.
Same with Stalin. 27 million people dying in the same famine was mismanagement more than genocide. Not that that's better.
That's Jan Myrdal. Pretty much universally hated in Sweden, including by other socialists.
When the other imperialistic monarchs take away someone's holdings for *humanitarian* *reasons*, you know it's bad.Plus, if I recall correctly, Leopold ordered that all wells and water pipes be filled with concrete as his soldiers left, as one last fuck you to the people of the Congo Free State.
Upvote for Heart of Darkness. Read that book in high school and it totally changed the way that I looked at European imperialism
Haven't read heart of darkness, have read King Leopolds Ghost. Also a very good, informative book
I think it was here on Reddit that I saw a photo of a man sitting beside the amputated hand/foot of his small child. I'm not going to link to it because it troubled me to even be reminded of it.
> If the workers did not meet there rubber quota they who would have their hands cut off.That just seems counter-productive.  Should've read the Evil Overlord's list.
The Belgians didn't really introduce the concept of cutting off hands, I'm pretty sure Christopher Columbus did the same thing.
Like comparing rotten apples to nazi oranges, both shitty but very different 
Everything Hitler did he did in Germany, so Germans today are confronted with the evidence of it. German children can go on field trips to see Dachau and Bergen-Belsen. No Belgian school is flying its students to the Congo to see what Leopold did. Edit: Well, not *everything*. In fact, most of the death camps were in Poland. But there's enough clear evidence of genocide inside Germany that its very obvious to Germans that it happened. 
There are two statues in the entire country to my knowledge, one of which has a plaque next to it which mentions the atrocities that happened in Congo. He is not revered or respected, if that is what you are trying to claim. 
Can you explain to me what The deal with Scientology is and why it's like bad I don't get the whole thing. Like I just first heard of Scientology this month
One of his last murders was the worst one of all. It involved the Pitezel family and it is absolutely terrible. HH would help the husband fake his own death, and the family would get the insurance money. Of course HH actually kills the husband, but takes the little girls.He then begins to take the children near the Canadian border on a trip *with his unaware wife,* while also lying to Pitezel's wife that her husband was in London hiding.He then kills the three little girls **by stuffing them in a trunk, drilling a hole, and asphyxiating them.** He buries the trunk, and private detective Frank Geyer soon finds them as he was tracking HH Holmes to capture him for all the insurance frauds he had committed.Devil in the White City is an amazing book (I read that in my math class. As in I would always get done first and the book was sitting next to me on a book shelf). The movie for it is coming out in 2019 apparently and will be directed by Martin Scorsese, and Leonardo DiCaprio has the film rights. [Further reading on America's First Serial Killer] (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/H._H._Holmes)
It also has a lot about the Chicago World's Fair, and the people behind it. Very fascinating stuff
I want nightmares. Any good reading recommendations for him?
There's a movie?!
He was a big meany
Including the fact that he ate them, and which parts tasted the best, and how he cooked and killed them and lured them in, just... everything. IIRC, he liked the taste of the butt the best. How heartbreaking a letter would that be as a parent? I can't even imagine.
This is still true today 
Tons of Jews were killed by Stalin.
Re:Edit: American history glosses over Stalin in attempts to remind us that even tyrannical homocidal lunatics have their uses when fighting the single most fucked up leader our world has seen so far. It touches on Stalins evil but delves deeply into Hitler's.
As Zizek put it, the Nazis promised to do bad things and then did bad things. Stalinism is different: a movement to do good things turned into something horrible. The more they try to do good, the more horrible it becomes.
I'm reading Bess' *Choices Under Fire* right now and he goes to great lengths to describe the atrocities the IJA committed.At one point in Burma the IJA took British POWs, cut off their balls, and stuffed them in their own mouths.In New Guinea they apparently *ate people.*Then, of course, there is Nanjing, where soldiers bayonneted babies for fun.I'm sorry, but after reading about all the awful shit the Japanese did, i am fully convinced they had something uniquely fucked up about their culture. Sure, the Holocaust was evil too, but it was a different kind of evil. It was an industrious evil motivated by the ravings of a lunatic who had too much power. For the IJA, however, it wasn't as if they were commanded to do these things or that it was institutionalized like the kind of evil the Nazis practiced; they did them on a whim, *for fun.*I can never listen to Japanese people bitch about Hiroshima and Nagasaki as though they were some great atrocity. Those bombs were a mercy compared to what the IJA did to the Chinese and Koreans, and even to the British and Americans. While the firebombings and nukes were horrible, they don't even compare in a sense of evil to what the Japanese did. They simply have no right to point fingers. At the end of the day, terror bombings, while definitely horrible, are to be expected from a modern war. However, the emotionally charged atrocities of the IJA... those were not expected in the conduct of an actual war. They served no purpose, not strategic nor tactical. It wasn't done as an action to end the war, but an action of pure cruelty for the amusement of the soldiers who committed them. And it is appalling how many of those people got off scott-free after the war because of their rank, and how many *still* don't believe they did anything wrong.
I might be a bit late to the discussion, but I have a personal story about my family's experience during this time in Southeast Asia. I posted this before in a thread awhile back.My family is originally from Vietnam, and my great grandparents were Christian missionaries from the 1930's-50's, evangelizing to the various mountain tribes. As such, they hadn't encountered any Japanese throughout most of the war. However, they did have a very interesting encounter when they returned from the mountains near the end in 1945.One night, while they were in their house, my great grandparents, along with my 5-year old grandma and her older sister, heard a skirmish going on outside. I can't remember whether the Japanese were fighting the French or Viet Minh, but the Japanese won and started investigating around. When they entered my great grandparents' house, they pointed their guns at my great grandfather, thinking he was a Frenchman (he had a European looking nose). He explained that he was a Vietnamese missionary in rudimentary Japanese he had picked up, and the placated soldiers lowered their weapons and asked him to come with them. A short time later, he returned with a large portion of beef, which was quite a commodity back then. Apparently the Japanese soldiers had taken pity on my family.Later, my great grandfather cut my grandma's and her sister's hair in a bob the way Japanese girls had their hair. When the girls would go into town with their caretaker, the Japanese soldiers occupying the town would give them treats. Eventually, they began to visit my great grandparents house to drop off food and visit the girls. My great grandmother described how they would come over and pick up my 5-year old grandma and walk around while holding her, all the meanwhile looking sad. She believed they were probably missing their own children.I bring up this story, not to excuse the atrocities the Japanese committed during the war, but to offer up an example of humanity in time of constant inhumanity. Up until I heard this story, I had assumed that everyone in the Japanese military was as fanatically belligerent as what was seen at the Rape of Nanking or the examples you listed. While many in the Japanese military were bloodthirsty war criminals whose actions rivaled those of the Nazis and deserved to be prosecuted for crimes against humanity, many were just normal human beings who missed their families.I hope this post brings a bit of light to an otherwise bleak thread.
The Jews were also: gassed, starved, beaten, brutally over worked, and experimented on by nazi doctors, to name a few. To simply say that they were shot and buried does a disservice to the memory of the 12 million people (half were Jews) killed by Nazis during the holocaust. Both the holocaust and the rape of Nanking were terrible events, but don't try to say that one was worse than another, because you are invariably going to piss people off. These are events that display the capacity of the human race for violence. They are reminders of what can happen when our minds are obscured by hate. It is important to remember and discuss these events, but ranking these types of events is a fools errand and does nothing to discourage these events from happening again. I'm sure your intentions are good, this is just me responding to the way I interpreted your comment. 
Not to mention that the soldiers cannibalized their victims and also raped children literally to death. Absolutely disgusting.
I can't remember specifics but he essentially ran Congo like a slave state.
He was a Belgian king during the period of imperialism. He is most infamous for the mistreatment of Africans in the Congo, especially in the rubber farming industry. 
That's the consensus, although it's impossible to know for sure. 10-15 million people over 20 years -- for reference, that was *half the Congo's population*.The Free Congo State was roughly 80 times the size of Belgium, and personally owned by Leopold. Ostensibly he was civilizing the savages, but in reality he was brutally extracting all the ivory and rubber he could find. He grew immensely wealthy from this, and even after his crimes were revealed he was remembered for decades as the Builder King (because he had so much goddamn money to throw at Belgian public works).Leopold himself was somewhat sickly, and never set foot in Africa.
So I just googled this. Fake violence and gore is fine....but to actually take the time to draw the last days of what could only be be described as hell on earth for that poor girl is beyond my understanding. What the actual fuck...
I'm curious about that. Know what it's called?    Edit: What happened to her is terrible, but I'm curious as to how they portrayed it.    Edit 2:    [There's a manga called Shin Gendai Ryoukiden and it's supposedly an anthology series. ](https://myanimelist.net/manga/9709/Shin_Gendai_Ryoukiden)
i don't think these were jesus people
The human body is quite resilient.
Nope, they all did some time behind bars, but not much. I think the longest sentence out of the group was 8 years, so they're all free men now. It should've been much longer, but Japan has some weird limits on how long someone can be jailed for. 
Cutting someone open for examination while still alive, essentially torture.>from google>>the practice of performing operations on live animals for the purpose of experimentation or scientific research (used only by opponents of such work).
BangDingOw
It's funny because if you look at just the social reforms, he's amazing, look at the famine and he's stupid and look at the hundred flowers campaign and he's evil. He's an amazing character to study
I dunno, Trotsky might've been able to hold back the Germans, and because of stalin's purges, he was weakened before he entered ww2. Hitler likely would not have invaded Poland if Russia wasn't trying to buy time to get their ducks in a row after said purges. 
There's someyhing badass about how you told the story. 
There's also some information about how the Mongols left the city, pretending that the slaughtering was done, and when the citizens came out from hiding, the Mongols timed it right and rode back, killing even more people who thought the city was safe.
Ummm the mongols definitely tricked people and then slaughtered them. I'm not here to bash them but to pretend that they couldn't be cunning and ruthless is just false. Also what other empire rolled up, killed everyone in a city, then came back 2 days later to kill anyone they missed.That's next level fucked up right there.
Negans of the ancient world.
And killed like 40 million people.
Not a dull minute in the 10 or so hours of the series
They think they are doing what needs to be done, the others do it simply for fun.
You understand that an ethical psychopath is a Vulcan, right?Psychopathy doesn't directly mean evil.
there's a lot more psychopaths in the world and a lot more that have greatly influenced the world than you think
A psychopath/sociopath is just a person who does not (and likely cannot) feel emotion*. They are not sadists or evil by default. There's nothing bad about them on a fundamental level. And of course, not all of them commit horrible crimes and manipulate people. Most of them just go about their lives like anyone else.Statistically about 1% of the population in the US are psychopaths. You want over 3 million people in the US alone not to exist just because they can't feel emotion?*EDIT: Thanks to /u/comradeda and /u/Walter_Malone_Carrot for pointing out that psychopaths do feel emotion, just not the full range. Most notably, they do not feel empathy.
What do you mean? Do suppose we do something about them? Merely asking because thats an intriguing thing to say.
It's just not high on most Americans' list of things to knowI'm sure that, had we been born in China or Korea, the situation would be different
[One might think that](http://www.redpepper.co.ug/robert-mugabe-beaten-up-by-his-wife-grace-in-public-again-police-guards-slapped-in-the-face-too/)Apparently his wife already considers herself president.. So even when Mugabe dies, I think she might try grab power for herself
Well thats a goal...
Check out *The Last King of Scotland* if you already haven't. Great fictionalized film with Idi Amin at the center of the plot. Probably Forrest Whitaker's best role (he even became fluent in Swahili just for the movie), and also one of James McAvoy's first big ones. 
Wrapped in a riddle, deep fried and griddledCut open his belly you'll find a bunch of male cum in the middle
I once saw in a documentary that he liked Eva Braun because she reminded him of a niece of his that he sort of abused or don't know what he did to her but her niece ended up killing herself
He fucked an Enigma? Explains a lot.
When they get a sniff of this syphilis from their tryst it'll be the impetus for slittin wrists but they won't be missed.
He was an abuser
Precisely why I always carry a phone charger on me at all times.
Am I banned from r/pingpong?
well I mean, I guess it depends on your priorities. they promised him a reduced sentence in return for the bodies, and I imagine the families were very grateful for them. they could have lied to him of course, but I imagine that would have lost them credibility when they want to make such a bargain again.
I looked it up on Wikipedia and found this  >Because he helped police find some bodies, as well as to his confessions, his sentence was further reduced to 22 years.  So he is getting out soon... I don't believe in capital punishment, but I think the only way you'd ever stop a person like this is putting them down or imprisonment until death
I don't want to be put on a list! :(
His point was that if we treat it like a right, it ends up being wasted. If we treat it like a valuable commodity, it's treated as a finite resource. Not a terrible point of view really.
Officially, the position of the current Chinese government is that Mao was 70% right and 30% wrong.Though the modern government barely has any resemblance to how it was under Mao, he was kind of the 'face' of the CPC, so they can't say that he was entirely wrong. They instead blamed most of the cultural revolution and such on the Gang of Four.
At least Ted only killed people and didn't do the sort of barbaric stuff Dahmer did
Yeah, dude is pure evil:- Electrocuted a man's testicles. - Raped a female wrestler. - Locked his brother in a casket and set it on fire. - Set an innocent commentator on fire. - Suspected necrophiliac. - Threw his manager into a freezer and left him for dead. - Pushed a helpless, wheel-chair bound man boy off a 20 ft stage. - Almost literally broke Pete Rose's neck on multiple occasions. - Can summon fire with his hands. 
The right wing is completely obsessed with him for some reason. They think he's responsible for all the ills in the world.
Yeah, i took it to a shelter. 
I wish.
Saloth Sor sounds like a villain in a high fantasy novel.Your reign of tyranny ends today, Saloth Sor.... I have drawn the Sword of Law from the Sacred Fires, endured the Trials of Fire, fulfilled the Prophecies of the Phuc, and beat the dog shit out of your guards. Surrender, and I shall promise you a fair trial. Please... **don't surrender**.(Edit: Unfucked an autocorrect)
Saloth Sor sounds like a great name for a Dunmer
They were directly responsible for roughly 1/3 of deaths. Even more so, if they killed a family member, they'd kill the rest of your so you don't try and get revenge. 
Reason to lift brah.
Lots have been written about him. There are documentaries on netflix. People just don't know about him because it happened in an obscure country that most American's probably don't know exist. 
Oh, so mr person, you've been to school for a year or two and you know you've seen it all, eh?
Pooooool... PotPooooool... PotPooooool... PotPOL POT POL POT POL POT POL POT
Did you go the see the killing fields and Tuol Sleng? I had to take the rest of the day off from my usual tourist activities because I was really depressed.
I didn't realize this. Is there anything in particular you'd point to for further reading?
A good PR agent like Mother Theresa's. 
Comedic timing.  
Nono, he comitted suicide in his cell. However he managed to punch himself often enough to the finish shall forever be a secret. 
And if you don't think tens, if not hundreds of millions of Americans would do the same thing, you're deluding yourself.I imagine there's at least 30 million Americans, today, who would support complete genocide of Muslims in the Middle East.
> or was herself doing something bad.This always seriously irked me... aside from the obvious victim blaming.Statutory rape laws, as well as those that protect people from those in a position of power over them, are in place *specifically* because it's not at all uncommon for the victim to (at the time) be at least a somewhat willing participant. After all if we agreed that the only requirement was consent with no regards to age or circumstance, why would we need those laws?If you're an evil prick in charge of a whole bunch of young impressionable kids, of *course* you can groom and manipulate some of them into wanting to be with you. The fact that they *are* a willing participant in no way diminishes the crime, it makes it worse as it just means the mental abuse started long before the physical.
My stepfather was arrested for abusing my sister. When his catholic father was talking to my mother he apologized for what my stepfather had done, but, he said, I wish you hadn't brought shame on the family by going to the police.I mean my stepfather is a sociopath. I can kind of understand he can't help being the monster that he is (though it doesn't make me hate him any less). But saying the family's honour is more important than getting justice for your granddaughter being raped is a whole different level of evil.
You process the fat from their body into traditional style bars of soap. 
Go read Fight Club.
Soap is made by mixing fat (typically from animals, but also plants) with a strong base (normally NaOH, but also KOH).
Fat.
Not to be pedantic, but being a pedophile in of itself isn't evil, it's a sickness,  choosing to act on his urges and becoming a child molester is evil though 
So remember, kids, tip your waitress, thank the janitor, and remember the secretary's name.
My god. I visited Auschwitz 4 years ago and what struck me was it still had the smell of death. Also the camp went on for as far as the eye could see - and 2/3 of it had long ago been destroyed; people were packed in like sardines. I cried throughout the day's visit. 
On the other hand, I have seen Canadians and Brits walk into inanimate objects and apologise so maybe there is some hope after all. 
I honestly don't understand this. I kinda can understand the racial theory of the Nazis and the genocide, in some kind of sick, twisted, deranged way, it made sense, and years of propaganda and suffering can normalise it. What doesn't make sense to me is how could they see humans (lower humans, in their eyes, but clearly humans nonetheless) as less deserving of good treatment than any animals?
I hope to god you're right.
I have heard that most scientific knowledge on the human response to drowning comes from research in Nazi concentration camps (not by Mengele, but other doctors) but that may be an urban myth.I heard something similar about the human response to extremely cold temperatures, particularly freezing water. Nothing about Mengele's experiments having legitimate results, however. 
even evil has standards
Yep. A lot of slavery justifications came from the Bible which laid out how you could punish your slaves. Torture falls pretty far out of the zone of acceptability.
Beating and murdering your slaves is one thing, sewing people together is another. That's like burn the witch kinda shit. Disclaimer:slavery is wrong and beating and murdering people is also wrong. 
Oskar Dirlewanger. A Nazi that was taken to court by other Nazis, because he was so fucked up.
Nicolas Cage owned her house at one point too if I'm not mistaken.
Sewing people's mouths shut with shit in them was pretty fucked, that or shoving a red hot fire poker up someones ass.
>bull* *Udderly* gruesome FTFY.
There's a new(er) theory that most of Bathory's crimes were made up to discredit her after her husband's death, as the local ruling families wanted out of the debt they owed, while getting their hands on her land/assets.Or she could have been a raving, murderous narcissist. You never know! 
Stacy can't you see you're just not the girl for me!
Fucking Chad, hate that guy.
Stalin is still worse than Mao. While communism had deficiencies that led to death by mismanaging, a lot of the famines and shortages were orchestrated to kill off groups he wanted gone. His systematic hiding and destruction of evidence shows that of anything, he was the most efficient.
Yeah, there were others as well, but Myrdal was the worst by far. He still refuses to admit he was wrong and still claims the depopulation is because of US bombings. Birgitta Dahl for example at least admitted she was wrong many years later. 
What the actual fuck
This is the example I use.  When other 19th century imperial Monarchs complain about how poorly you're treating the natives, that fucking says something.  Well of course you can EXPLOIT the negros, but you really shouldn't be chopping the hands off of children
Fun fact: Joseph Conrad actually met Roger Casement who led the expose on the whole thing
> introduced to Congo and Africa
Watch Leah Remini's new show Scientology and the Aftermath.  9 episodes and is a great introduction to the cult and how vindictive and litigious it is. 
They are a very wealthy and manipulative cult that uses their influence to isolate themselves from the law.They actively hide the inner workings of their hierarchy and basically threaten people who try to defect.
I'm short on time, but the jist of it is that Scientology is a cult masquerading as a real church. They have been involved in ruining many lives, infiltrating the U.S. goverment, and are involved with a few suspicious suicides.
Oh god. That's so awful.:(
> stuffing them in a trunk, drilling a hole, and asphyxiating themWhy the hole?
Read the lore on his lesser known victims. I feel like I'm violating Reddit's guidelines for talking about this, but I'll give you a few examples of the things I remember, how I remember them:-He said he abducted a very young boy (maybe 5 or 6) in NYC, tortured him, castrated him, and then cut him up to eat him. He talked about rump stew, meaning the stew he made from the boy's bum. It makes me physically sick thinking about it. -He castrated a younger man (maybe 18-21), but didn't go further with anything else. He just put petroleum jelly on the guy's wound and skedaddled. Here's a copy and paste of what he did to a 4 year old:On February 11, 1927, he abducted Billy Gaffney, 4, while he was playing hide-and-seek with his three-year old friend, Billy Beaton, and Beaton's 12-year old brother. When Billy Beaton was asked by the police what happened to Gaffney, he said the boogeyman took him. Fish took Gaffney to a house at the Riker Avenue dumps and held him captive there until the next day, when he returned at ca. 2 P.M. and tortured him to death, dismembered the head, arms and the legs below the knees, put the parts in weighted sacks and threw them in nearby ponds. He then cannibalized the thighs and torso over the next four days.To sum up Albert Fish, I'll say this: I don't believe in God, but reading about Albert Fish made me believe in the devil. 
Big Fish
Lego Batman
Paul Blart: Mall Cop
FYI, this is a reference to a [popular Norm MacDonald bit.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yrbZxtuUdsQ) 
I remember reading that he sent a letter to the mother of a girl he murdered, but she was illiterate, so the girl's brother was forced to read it to her.
Depends on what school you go to. Most good ones actually go over it in depth.
It's also frightening to think about how recently things of this nature have happened.  There wasn't something inherently different about the people who did this, or the Nazis, or anyone.  They're just people. And we are not far removed from them at all, in the grand scheme of things.  Which makes the current global environment even scarier.  Those who don't learn from history are doomed to repeat it, and if we aren't careful we're going to start heading down a very slippery slope, if we haven't already.*removes tinfoil hat and contemplates what to order for dinner*
I want you to know that I believe that there were indeed good human beings that ended up being part of an atrocious cause. I don't blame everyone in the Japanese army for the war crimes. It's generally just a generalization. Just like I don't blame everyone who were Nazis - those who simply just fought in the trenches and such - for war crimes. I only blame war criminals for their crimes.
Don't get me wrong and thank you for not jumping down my throat about it. I didn't mean to imply that one was worse than the other. Just that we have lots of footage of the holocaust and witness testimony. And it is also fucking horrible. Beyond imaginable really. I guess what I intended to say was that the Jews were treated like cattle. Dehumanised, locked up in pens and treated to a harsh environment. (Complete understatement I know, but I'm rubbish at explaining things)Nanking just seemed more personal(?) to me I guess? Like, they didn't just kill them in the streets, they were coming up with ways to kill them and even had a death match with a sword IIRC. The holocaust had a political and racial motive. Also the whole new world order thing. Nanking just felt like spur of the moment for shits and giggles. I don't know a whole lot about it compared to the holocaust though because it wasn't really taught in school. As I said, I'm shit it at explaining my feelings and probably dug myself a bigger hole here but that's basically what I meant. 
It's interesting to think about how or why one attitude is more evil than the other. The Germans treated the Jews as inanimate objects/ non-humans. The Japanese treated the Chinese as a sadist might treat a victim. Echoes of Genghis Khan.
Chopping off hands for not harvesting enough rubber....
Stories should be preserved and told. We all love our love stories with a happy ending. But the story what happened to her is one we mustn't forget.
anime was a mistake-junko furuta
Wi tu lo
IMO he was an amazing guerilla fighter and charismatic leader but wasn't exactly a very competent administrator
To be fair Trotsky was an amazing military leader. How he wouldve dealt with Hitler could be an interesting althistory story.
Check out Dan Carlin's Hardcore History podcasts on this. Something like 8 hours of spoken history about this. Gripping stuff. 
Not really, no. Next level fucked up is pretty much everyone else in this thread. I imagine hitting a place twice wasn't that uncommon.
Sounds like those people didn't climb aboard the Genghis Train
Genghis made a simple deal- come under my empire, or you will all be killed.With the incredible strength of Mongol cavalry, all who did go against him were killed with an insane efficiency.
Khaaaaannnnn!
I like this analogy. Really helped me visualize it
They can't feel empathy. They can feel rage, humiliation, envy, childish glee like most other people. Primitive emotions (as it were). No idea where the emotionless thing comes from.
We need some sort of... solution.
Gross
So kinda like a deep fried Twinkie?
Found Eminem's account.
You whore.
And r/pyongyang!
Dude. If that guy ever gets out of prison there is absolutely no doubt that he will kill again. That should be the priority, and it's the absurdity of Colombian law that apparently there is no such thing as life in prison. 
Honestly, I believe CapPun should only be used in extreme circumstances. I think raping, torturing, and killing 300+ people is a fairly fucking extreme circumstance.
I mean, they're not wrong. He took China from feudal idiocy and turned it into the world power they are today. People died from famine due to shitty policies, but the British are guilty of the same thing and yet somehow in the West people think Mao is a monster and the British Empire is tots romantic.
HE IS THE VICTIM. The Undertaker is the one to blame! The Undertaker murder their parents and tried to kill Kane, but through the power of love, Kane survived with a mere lightning bolt scar on his forehead. 
That poor man boy
me too thanks
I, Saloth Sor, shall strike you down, uh, Dennis.
Saloth Sor sounds like a dunmer name in the Elder Scrolls.
Yes! ...excuse me while I go restart Skyrim for the 16th time.
To what extent? If they killed cousins, or even parents, they'd eventually kill everybody.
Nah man everyone knows about Cambodia from that one song Holiday in Cambodia
Methinks he learned that on Holiday in Cambodia.
In daddy's car I think I'll go pretty far if that's what you're asking.
I just got back home from Cambodia, we arrived in Phomn Pehn in the morning from Siem Reap and went straight to Tuol Sleng. We're meant to stay in town for a couple of days and go to the killing fields the next day but instead we had to just get the hell away from there, we jumped on the first bus back to Siem Reap and tried desperately to forget everything we'd just seen. The place is so grim, and this conflict was such a dark time for all humanity, especially considering it was a largely unreported knock on from the Vietnam War (it's also known as the 'Secret War'). 
When did Mother Theresa comit genocide?
SS Dedication and training...
Makes me remember a story my late hubby told. He was a reserve state trooper in * State. This was before the spousal abuse laws. They had a husband who repeatedly beat his wife. They would take him in, and Wife would drop the charges. They knew eventually he would kill her. One time and the last time he beat her, he somehow fell UP some stairs breaking a nose, arm, some ribs and massive stitches. I do not know if she divorced him, left him or he got anger management but the beatings stopped.
ah, Russian suicide.
Hell, a lot of us for some reason see nothing wrong with using nuclear weapons in the ME. A lot of the work involved in the holocaust supported the killing rather than doing it themselves. Recording the tattoo numbers on their arms would mean nothing to those Americans today.
If they were in concentration camps, you'd think that there'd be no fat to render into soap.
This is an important distinction to make, considering all the pedophiles who never act upon their sexuality.
Yeah, and at least give a short smile or a small nod to *everyone* who does stuff for you.
Which would you value more, the dog that is your pet, the pig that is your dinner, or the bug that is a nuisance.
USA: African Americans were considered inferior and less than human until recently. The disabled were routinely institutionalized, sterilized and without their consent because they were deficient. The mentally ill were lobotomized and sterilized because they were deficient. 
I thought the freezing temperatures thing came from Japan
Professionals have standards!
Wellllll, they were using the Bible to justify it but the Hebrew word which was originally used and then translated into slave actually meant servant. Many times these servants (like indentured servants) were paid, or else signed up for the work without pay but to learn a trade. The Bible was talking to these servants, saying, obey your master and give them respect basically.TL;DR the Bible does not condone slavery.
Whipping isn't torture ? 
That's true for most things though. 
 *sigh* *unzips*
I know this might be wrong.
Well then, stop fucking him.
Not to mention we still don't accurately know how many people he moved to city sized gulags to die of starvation or cold, since he and his successors had time to destroy most of them.
he is the textbook example of not giving a fuck about society at large
It really says a lot about Europe at the time too.Think of it like this: you've got a group of monarchies that are ever increasingly prioritizing the good will their population. In the colonial era, a lot of European population wanted to see colonialism as a good thing. It brought prices down, introduced new goods to market, and provided jobs that weren't attached to a a feudal lord. Europe was still very religious, and it was a convincing argument that the colonization was mutually beneficial, because they were saving the souls of the natives.The Dutch in the Congo were shattering that perception to such an extent that it was making a population that was monetarily and spiritually inclined to support colonialism, turn against it. Kind of like the slave torturer above, it destroyed the perception of a magnanimous overlord and made similarly situated people look like dicks.
also, her ama was good as well
Hmmmm that's weird. I watched a video on wat they were all about but it was made by them and it seemed really culty and propagandish 
Don't forget that he sawed off one of the daughter's clubbed foot (hopefully posthumously) because it could have identified her.
To put the hose into for the gas.
I dont usually laugh on reddit anymore, but damn! thats funny
The fucked up thing is, Japan has a habit historically to just imitate the biggest power it knows and get protection that way. It's why they adopted Buddhism, its why they Chinese practices, it's why they industrialized, all that good stuff. Then, imperialism is the way of the world. All the big powers invade other countries for land and for resources and for fun. All the big powers are horrible to people in those lands because they're scientifically inferior. All the big powers go to war with one another to show who's on top.Japan sees this.Just like Japan won Chinese favor to avoid invasion way back in the day, just like Japan won American favor after Perry landed, they decide to win European favor by becoming an imperial power. Invading korea was what they thought a European would do.Showing Russia who the top dog was is what they though Europe would do.Nanjing was just how they thought powers behaved when annexing a country.And that's the scary thing.
Even Genghis Khan was a better person than the monsters who orchestrated the Rape of Nanking. 
Which then turned into chopping off hands because that was *easier* than harvesting enough rubber. Which then turned into chopping off hands because that's just what you do in the Congo. 
But drawn? By that logic we should tape and rewatch terrible crimes...
Sum Ting Wong
Hell the Goths sacked Rome for 14 days.
There's no stopping the Genghis Train. Choo choo, motherfucker.
I don't know man, I read somewhere that most of the people he killed were the peasants from the cities that didn't surrender him, it was to send a message to the other cities. The peasants lost their lives because of their lord's choices.
Something that exudes finality...
I know, deep fried foods are so fatty.
If I was Eminem I would've made reference to my vas deferens givin them a colon cleanse in a Mercedes Benz with a couple identical twins white as bowling pins, pickin up a 7-10 split you can swallow or spit don't make no fuckin difference with how bad your throat is slit, hop on this dick and I'll pour the Bisquick make you a battered spouse and laugh when the charges don't stick.
Honestly, I'd be more heartbroken if I was banned from the former.
in my country this guy could get another few years down from his sentence if he would actively ask for castration...
The British Empire was pretty fucking shit, yeah.
Include me in the screenshot!
haha that's me
That's genocide for you. 
When she rounded up the poor and sick of Bombay and refused to give them medical treatment so they could suffer and be closer to Jesus. She was a lunatic. 
When Reddit found out she wasn't that great and it became one of the stock Reddit facts that shows up in every thread.
How many officers does it take to push a prisoner down the stairs? None: He tripped. 
Maybe it just my age, and I'm just realizing how the world really is, but the current state of the world makes me so sad I can't help but tear up. Life would be so easy for all of us, if we just learned to undertand eachother. Even those who have commited such atrocities are at least worthy of pity.Living is complicated. Like others have mentioned, otherwise normal people are capable of commiting such atrocities or letting them pass as long as they aren't affected. I can't even bring myslef to kill the bugs in my apartment, but I would sacrifice my life and my humanity for the one I love. I know it's not at all rational, but humans aren't perfect. Genetics? Free will? God's plan? Mental illness? Weve been trying to figure this out for a while.I think technology is bring us closer together as a species, and newer generations seem to be more accepting of others; maybe we can strive towards the well being of all humans, and all life, but I'm not sure we can work it all out in time, with the current state of politics and climate.
They used people that hadn't been there long and still had a normal weight.
That's why he needed so many.
They weren't dumped in them all at once. That and they had a program where they would give enough for a person to survive, but they would weaken and slowly starve to death from the rations they ate. They were basically used as work labor until were all used up.I took a class on the holocaust as one of my electives in high school.
Also to those who don't, unless they do stuff to piss you off.
Feelins'? Look mate, you know who has a lot of feelings? Blokes that bludgeon their wife to death with a golf trophy. Professionals havestandards.
What's the difference? Well one's a job and the other's mental sickness!
Snipin's a good job mate!
Well the king James Bible which was the translation that everyone would have had at the time does not include the word slave at all.
I think in this context, whipping was used as negative reinforcement, while the torture had no motivation other than for fun.
Whipping wasn't just for slaves. Soldiers and sailors were flogged as well. It wasn't an uncommon punishment at the time. Certainly not trying to justify doing that to slaves or anyone else. 
/r/onetruegod
But, I'm in love with stacy's mom
So was her interview with Joe Rogan.
If it was a video made by them, then it was absolutely propaganda. They are terrible. Watch Going Clear or the Leah Remini series. She also did an AMA recently about it. 
Kind of a misconception. Cutting the hands off a worker wouldn't help matters.He cut the hands off their children and gave them to the parents more often, unless they were deemed completely useless.https://4.bp.blogspot.com/-zmkwtfcALkE/V-IYRt-8v2I/AAAAAAAALHY/UqHE4jHUmaENaeI2L7WFfF8ThESYsdFNQCLcB/s1600/cong_hands_1904.jpg
We do? Admittedly there isn't often film of the worst crimes because they tend to be done in secret but there's almost a month of people nonstop repeating all those 9/11 videos whenever that time of year comes around. You can't get away from it, even in a country that wasn't affected. Then for crimes where there isn't video footage companies make dramatic reconstructions that millions of people watch on TV.I don't really follow the logic that drawing something and taping something are worse than writing about it but if it helps that wikipedia link says the manga was changed so that it had a happy ending with the victim surviving and all the would-be murderers being imprisoned for life rather than under a decade, so it's less documenting what happened and more wish fulfilment.
Wu Tang Clan
I want to get off Genghis Khan's Wild Ride
> The peasants lost their lives because of their lord's choices.Pretty much sums up the era
Which is basically how it worked. Surrender your city, or you and all your subjects will be killed. It's not like they could vote on it.
The Last Answer!
Me too thanks 
I would've never thought I'd see a reference to ProZD on Reddit... 
That's not genocide. Don't use that word so loosely.
She was running a hospice.She didn't round up the sick and let them suffer to death as you suggest. Her goal was essentially to ease the poor and ill before they died. Her main clientele were people that were nobodies in Indian society. India runs on a caste system and the lowest in it are called the untouchables because associating or even physically touching them was seen as taboo and something higher castes shouldn't lower themselves to. She never tortured or purposefully made anyone suffer in her care. The notion that she did is simply ridiculous. Catholics do indeed believe suffering can be used as a way to get closer to God, but not in the way you probably think. It is more of a spiritual suffering to understand what it was like for Christ to die for us. These things remind us that we are corrupt and deserve nothing yet God chooses to save us.THIS DOES NOT MEAN WE WANT PEOPLE TO SUFFER AND STRIVE FOR IT! You are misinterpreting a belief which she never held.
Is there a source on this? Curious
TIL Mother Theresa was a firefighter during 9/11
Can't decide if you're being logical or truthful
I think this mate saw me...    Yes, yes he did.
Be polite.
Positive punishment actually. ^^^Sorry
Ain't nothin' to fuck with
Oshitwaddup
Or every period in history, how many Kennedy's and Nixon's died in Vietnam for example. 
Really? He's being the current circle-jerk of choice on /r/videos.
Mother Theresa took terminally ill people dying in the streets, and gave them food and lodging, and the privilege of living the rest of their lives in dignity and as much comfort as she could give.  Atheists with an axe to grind then take the statistics of the people dying in her hospice program, pretend it is a hospital,  and then try to make her out to be 'literally Hitler'.
It's popular and edgy to hate Mother Theresa for being literally Hitler. 
Look up Christopher Hitchens documentary on Mother Theresa on youtube. 
TIL Nestl is really rude to wait staff
Little of column A, little of column B.
Be efficient. 
Have a plan to kill every man you meet. 
Once they see me naked they won't want anything I may have touched.
Run at them naked. Assert dominance.
Originally, my plan was to grab my robe a foot away and hide on the other side of my bed by the wall. Then, one early Friday morning while my newborn and I were sleeping, two strange men kicked my door in. I awoke to the loud noise, sat up, and froze. I put my arm over my baby then my bedroom door opened and a man looked me right in my eyeballs then yelled out oh shit RUN and darted out. Idk why, but I got up and I actually chased after him... butt naked... he and his friend got in their Mustang and sped out of my driveway, and I actually ran outside trying to get the license plate info... still butt naked. At the time, I was shook. Now I look back and I wonder why in the hell I would go outside in the early school hour morning butt ass naked??Edit: typos.
Blow their fucking brains out  with my gun while butt ass naked. 
Smith and Wesson sw9ve w 15 round clip Wife has a mossberg 500 tactical.  She can't hit a watermelon with a bb gun 5 feet away.  I gave her a shotgun. Pray to God you don't wake her up because we will all die.       
Grab the Horsehead mask and the machete. Terror is my weapon. Hopefully I have a raging erection as well to fully convey the terror those fools have awoken.
Grease myself up with Vaseline and cover my ears to protect against physical and verbal abuse.  Also run like crazy.
Wait... There are people that don't sleep in the nude?
Shoot them
Scream really loudly while helicopter-dicking. I assume the burglar will be too horrified to steal my shit.
I have a shotgun loaded with magnum buckshot by my bed.I will chase the intruder through my abode, penis flying free, like an eagle soaring over the mountains of this great nation while I rain a hail of thundering death upon him.God bless America.
Grab my axe and wait for them to turn the lights on and say in the creepiest voice I can. Satan told me you were coming 
Shake my wang and run around yelling I'm LBJ!!
i don't have one. if death is coming i'll take it lol
Fuck em.
They have to get past a line of defence that includes an emu, geese, a goat, and three dogs.Then they get to see me in all my naked glory, screaming and weilding an axe handle.
I actually had someone come on. I told them to grab a cigarette from the counter near my bedroom door and I would get dressed and meet them outside.  It actually worked and I spent a couple of hours talking to the guy and his friend, smoking and discussing the car they wanted (they had come in looking for keys and wouldn't belive it was not mine). They finally tried breaking into it and I got a chance to call the po-po on their lame asses.Staying clam and being willing to talk it out really helped. Me being naked probably made the guy more willing to wait outside.
Same as if I was wearing pants. Get murdered.
i was joking with a friend the other day about this very thing. since i dont own a gun, and live on a somewhat bad side of town (robbed twice in the 1st year i lived here) i now have a weapon of some sort never farther then either a stretch of the arm or a couple feet to walk. ive had combat training in the military and other types of training as well. i sleep with a buckknife and crowbar (sometimes a 10lb mallet) within a few inches reach. ever since i got broke into i fortified my house. short of burning it down your not getting in here without me knowing your coming. and you might shoot me but i guarantee you i will do serious bodily harm to you at some point. you might leave me dead and leave my house with my goods but youll leave a pretty good blood trail. just sayin
Kind of related. I was belly down this morning. Had a half mongrel. Everything was stored between my legs and balls were pushed up to accommodate the morning wood. I was dead asleep. Cat decides to bounce across the bed. Puts his paw and full 5kgs straight onto my nutsack. That was my 6AM wake up call.I may have to reconsider the nude sleeping. As for intruders, I've never really considered this happening. I suppose I'd get up and yell at them naked. Home invasion seems like something on my list around nuclear war of things worth worrying about.
Sleeping naked vs sleeping nude means nothing to someone breaking into your place. A tiny piece of cloth don't mean shit. That's why I have knives and guns strategically hidden around my house. Any criminal will fear you if you have a shotgun even if you have a small willy. 
Very valid question, also applicable to a fire, and that's why I've spent many naked hours in bed searching for the answer.  I still haven't found it, but it's definitely not to put on pants.
Turn on the lights. Seeing me naked will do some sever emotional damage. 
Stand up. They'll die laughing.
Slap em with muh dick.
The helicockter 
Wasn't me, but a retired infantryman I knew had a repair guy just walk in his house while he was sleeping and he kicked the guy in the chest and stuck the barrel of a shotgun in his mouth while standing over him. all while butt ass naked. Said it on the police report and everything. 
This actually happened to me twice.  I was sleeping during the day when I heard someone knock on the door.  I ignored it, because people came by often to offer yard services.  They persisted in knocking, so I finally called my mom to ask if she was expecting a piano student.  While talking to her, I peeked out my bedroom window right into the belly of a large man peering into the top of the window over me.  (We had shutters on the inside of the windows that were divided.  I always kept the top ones open and the lower ones closed).  I quickly told her to call 911 and bolted out of bed scrambling for clothes.  Just is I put my foot into my pants, I heard the first kick at the door.  I panicked and figured running out the back door naked and alive was better than nothing.  Two more kicks and the door busted open just as I got to the hallway.  I didn't know what else to do, but somehow my brain told me in a lightning fast thought process that they knocked so long because they wanted to make sure no one was home.  Standing in the hallway topless, I yelled HEY'!  GET OUT! as loudly as I could.  They immediately retreated from the living room.  I rushed back to the window to watch two large men and a woman dive into a car in my driveway and speed off.  Got a dog after that.The second time, years later, we had moved outside the big city and lived out in the country.  I felt much safer out there.  Happened again, knocking on the door.  I looked down from the second story window, but couldn't see anyone.  Then I heard a wood cracking sound at the back kitchen door.  The dogs immediately started barking and whoever it was departed.  This time, I would have been trapped and had stood naked and frozen in fear in the middle of my bedroom.  I watched out the window as a white car casually drove back up the long gravel driveway out to the road, and away.Once my nerves settled enough, I went downstairs and saw they had pried the door open with a crowbar, or something like it.  Dogs got a big treat.It doesn't matter what it is or where I am now.  If I hear any kind of knocking, my heart jumps in my chest.  Still sleep naked though.
Here's my plan:1. Jump out of bed2. Put sheet around me3. Not around my body. Around my neck. As a cape.4. Eye contact5. Helicopter6. Spin dick faster and faster7. Fly away
Beat them to death with my wang 
Charge at 'em manically. Who wants to fight and overweight naked half-crazed man?
Shock and awe.
The Helicopter
Try to keep my testicles from being caught on my neighbor's fence
DEEEEZ NUTS!
I am 65 and have a claymore sword hanging on my wall. Any fucker that tries to fuck with me is going to get sliced by a tall naked man
The Glock 22 that's in my nightstand. 
I have a sword and a gun in arms reach.
I guess I'm hoping the whole naked lady thing will distract them long enough for me to figure out a plan...
Hoping it's a female, I'd ask if they'd like anal, if it's a dude I'd put them in contact with an former female acquaintance who enjoys anal
I'll hit them so hard....with something....
I'm pretty pale, I'll blend in with the sheets.
I wear underwear, so I'm not fully nude (There are dozens of us! *Dozens*!), but: the Ruger GP-100 on my nightstand.  Or they might trip over my cat, fall, and break their neck.
Become rattle snake and shake shake shake.
definitely not give a fuck about what im wearing,  Someone is breaking into my house. 
I'm not a big fan of guns, but I do have a sword beside my bed. One bedroom apartment, so the millisecond shock of an overweight naked man running towards you brandishing a katana can allow you to close a lot of distance.
Do the helicopter.
The sound of a taser is a pretty good way to say get the fuck out of my house.  So is the sound of an automatic pistol slide, that worked well for me once.
Someone breaks in - they're subject to the world of shit I'm gonna bring them no matter how I'm dressed.
Like my clothes are the weapon and because I'm naked I am now defenseless? Do what anyone would do grab something heavy/ the gun by your bedside table and call the police. 
Dog sleeping in the hallway. He'll either do what he's supposed to do - bark, and seem intimidating, or at least distract them enough by wanting to be pet that I can call the police.Thankfully I live in a dense enough city with a low crime rate, so the two times I've had to call 911 in the last decade - police arrived in under 3 minutes.
I took the 'Tavern Brawler' feat at level 4, so now my unarmed strikes do 1d4. Also improvised weapon proficiency allows me to use my 'Windmill Dick' effectively.
If they see my wrinkly ballsack, serves 'em right.
Firearm in an instant-safe bolted to my bed is my plan if they come upstairs. My plan is to shout at them to stay off the stairs and there won't be any trouble.As long as they stay downstairs, call 911 and the insurance company. If they do manage to come upstairs, there will be plenty of time to get dressed before the police arrive and, I'm reasonably certain that they've seen naked people on the off chance that I don't have time to get dressed.
Beat them with my night stick.
Swing a baseball bat and scream like a banshee. 
I'd likely jump outta bed chasing after them trying to beat the shit out of them while my boyfriend is in bed yelling at me for waking him up.He's doesn't understand how most of us would jump out of bed ready to kick ass when all he wants is a binkie and his mommy so he can go back to sleep.   Yeah he really is a whiny little bitch when he's woken up
This question makes zero sense. Nude sleepers' plan of defense? As opposed to whom? Do you wear fucking battle armor to bed?
See, here's the thing. Sleeping naked *IS* the defense. When they see me naked they're gonna wanna get the fuck outta my house! 
Buddy of mine in Rochester, NY had this problem.  He's a bit overweight, but built like a house due to his military experience and with a beard that rivals Gimli from LOTR (just for a visual).  This all said, one night at 2am, a couple guys broke into his home while both he and his wife were asleep.  Once the dog was alerted, my buddy bolted down the stairs and ran at both - buck-ass-naked.  Not just until the guys frighteningly stumbled out of the porch, socking one in the head with his fist, but through the street and through the neighborhood.  Yelling.  Waving his arms.  Barefoot.  He ended the chase after they got away.  He proudly walked back to his apt, past all the kids coming back from the bars.  Amazing guy.
I'm not sure what PJs have to do with a plan of defense.  
Ever since I've learned that cutting someone's Achilles  tendon is the worst pain that can be inflicted without murdering, I've always figured I'd always find a way to cut that so probably seduce them and then when their guard is down I'll slice their Achilles  and then call the police while they are writhing. I feel like this sounds really morbid but as a female who lives alone, I have to have a plan! 
Just start slowly masturbating. If they try and speak, shush them. If they try to leave before your finished, raise your voice so they stop, then stroke slower. When your finished stare them in the eye and thank them.
if the dick doesnt deter them my 12 gauge certainly will
That's what the dogs are for. It doesn't take long to throw some clothes on or get a robe. I can do that while I call 911.
Helicopter while running at them screeching. It would scare the shit outta me.
The dogs.
I'd give them a huge hug.. then likely try to hump them. Violently.
I collect cleavers and they conveniently hang on a magnetic strip very near my resting place. *I wish a bitch would*. 
Find a weapon and attack them.
Shock by exposure. I'll let you imagine what that means. 
Windmill?
Bumrush them screaming bare-ass naked
Flight.
I'll grab a robe after I ran out of ammo
Intimidation is key.
In the animal kingdom some species release something to deter off preditors. So, I'll be the *Steppinanameuslove Arakelly*. 
Walk out of my room with an erection.
I haven't thought that far backward, but my victory celebration will involve [teabagging](http://25.media.tumblr.com/f8ee65c7c2b3a2097a132bb50b7d7d85/tumblr_mg22oyoa9E1r69od9o1_250.gif). 
My 9mm that is within reach at all times. 
Beat the shit out of them while butt naked, then run and grab my robe as they bleed on the ground.
They'll either die of laughter or shock so I win.
I'll just be swinging 2 baseball bats, if you know what I mean.
Show them with my .22 (yes it's a penis joke)
Hope I have time to grab my robe! 
We should all handle this situation as smoothly as Alex Trebek.http://www.foxnews.com/entertainment/2011/07/29/alex-trebek-inadvertently-reveals-sleeps-nude-following-hotel-heist.html
I can shoot somebody even when naked. In fact it's probably easier because they'll be surprised.
Call 911, protect my family, find a weapon to defend myself.
I'm more concerned with getting to my rifle in time than covering my willy. Not too concerned about the fellas opinion on my body. 
Fencing!!
Fuck them to the death. 
I'm going for it. Grab my little R51, boobs out, guns hot. 
6'3 280 lbs and holding an 870.
Are you more worried about being embarrassed than attacked, or do you really think the cotton t-shirt and undies are going to protect you? The point is, you see a naked man with a gun you're no more willing to fuck with him than if he had clothes on. 
Pistol on the nightstand works if i have clothes on or not..
Pray to God that the hot shell casings don't bounce off the wall and burn me.  
Obviously I would perform the helicopter and blow them away
Mushroom stamp 'em.
Die of shame and hope they dress my corpse before they leave.
[I use the Brian Posehn home defense system.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FthgHfqxdoI)
Do my classic 'Ace Ventura making his butt talk' impression.
Helicopter my dick and fly away into the night
I've thought about this.  My bedroom is at the end of the hall.  I'll run at them with my comforter spread open like an octopus and engulf them, then deliver blows until they stop moving.  When he wakes up, he'll have a naked man who's 6'2 and 290 lbs sitting on his chest.
Bitch I don't give a fuck
My scattergun will fire if I'm clothed or otherwise.
My gun is in a holster that I mounted on the sideboard of my bed frame.  It has a flashlight and a laser.  They will be shot by a naked man.
Shit in my hand, rub it all over my body and hide in the dark of my room. 
I let my dongle dangle while I beat them up with empty bottles.Then I tea bag them.
Do I need to be wearing clothes to shoot my SW99?
Is it just me or is this thread showing there's a lot of overlap between nude sleepers and gun owners?
You tell me a naked hairy man, possibly with an erection, running and screaming at you while brandishing a weapon isn't going to scare you away.
A shotgun works whether the user is clothed or not.
Star Jumps.
Not sure, probably shoot them while naked. And then play with my tits I guess
I shoot them with the firearm I keep near my bed. Yes while fully nude. 
The gun next to my bed
Run at 'em and let it flap. I mean, I don't expect them to want to touch me after that...
Unless your sleeping in chain mail I doubt the nudity matters.  There is a scimitar hung on a mount next to our bedroom door.
I would just poke their eyes out with my nipples
Helicopter dick
I'll go all dishabille and then naked the shit out of them.
Use it as a club.
i guess I'll rock out with my cock out 
Honestly I don't see how being clothed would change the situation. The real question is what I would do if I woke up to a house fire in the middle of winter. Even if I quickly grabbed a robe, I'm not sure how long I'd make it outside. It's something I worry about front time to time.
Grab my Ruger SR40C off of my bedside table and unload 15 rounds into them.
Grab my gun and make their last view my throbbing erection in the moonlight. 
I have a 9mm beside by bed.
Fling my blankets at the first one through my door. Then while he's dealing with the frightened tomcat from who sleeps at the foot of my bed doing an impression of a facehugger, grab one of my hockey sticks and commence swinging.
Helicopter my dick 
You think any dude wants to fight someone with their penis out? Hell no! All you have to do is start beating your meat whilst staring into their eyes. If they are still here then run at them, screaming at the top of your lungs beating your meat. I can guarantee that no one will fight that shit.
Ima just slap lil CoolKidsClub back and forth ala Jason Segel in Forgetting Sarah Marshall and chase them out. I figure that'll do.
When i slept naked, i did not have plans for when I'd be broken in.Then i did have three break ins in different countries. Not prepared, and not still fully recovered. With not legal sight so no clue what the person breaking in when i was asleep looked like. Not even size, just not useful accent.
piss on them
Ask yourself one question. Would you rather fight a man who is naked or one that is dressed. I for one, prefer my opponent to be dressed.
Not me but my partner. He is almost gleeful at the thought of someone breaking in (in theory obviously). Picture this- an extremely gangly 6'4 man with long hair, a beard, and kitchen knives, running at you naked and screaming in the darkness as you try to rob someone's house. This is his plan hahahaha
Easy. Get either my bowling pin that is in my room or the shovel in the garage. When they come through the door. I will smack them hard across the head. When they fall on the floor. I will lay my naked body on top of them so they can't get up. Process to call cops. Tell them that this is my house and that play time is over.
Ask them to paint me like a French girl, if that doesn't shoo them away then nothing will
Baseball bat behind the coat rack. 
I hear them break in and I spring up fully nude and start doing push-ups and jumping jacks while screaming quotes from Full Metal Jacket. Now that I have them bewildered; contemplating their life choices I sprint into the kitchen where I keep my ninja stars. They are dead before their bodies hit my shag carpet.
Don't you threaten me with a good time. 
My plan is to go ape shit on a mother fucker then tea bag 'em. 
Swaffel the intruder. Google it.
Got a loaded 357 magnum and a crowbar next to my bed, a mache te under my bathroom sink and a meat cleaver at my computer desk. Clothing optionap for all of them.
What if they invoke rule 34?
That's my go to defense too.  Probably while I crab waddle like a bloated scottish zoidberg.
we'll be the judge of that. send nudes.
That's exactly my plan, fling on every bright light I can while barrelling myself towards them with my arms flailing and screaming noises like Zoidberg with his balls in a vice. 
Round house cock slap
You will either scare them off or die as a badass barbarian berserker.  It's a win-win.
I feel like anyone sleeping naked should have a shotgun by their bed. Just image the horror for the would be intruder. A naked guy walking slowly towards him keeping a shotgun level the whole time. And then in very slow and soft tone you say I've been waiting for you.
Similar thing happened to me in college. I was an R.A. and I actually was all alone in the building (it was summer). Woke up to two dudes taking down my window screen. When they saw me, I just sort of stared and shook my head at them. They said somebody's in here and ran off.I suspect they just planned to run around the building being slightly mischievous. But it was super scary  They turned out to be security guards for the Special Olympics, who were arriving the next day. Like way to do your jobs, assholes.
I was meaning to apologize to you about that!
I feel like where i live i would be more likely to get a ticket for indecent exposure for the brief minute i chased them outside, and the cat-burglars* would get away.*Did anyone ever really say cat-burglar? Why? What's the meaning? Is it as odd of a phrase to anyone else? I fucking love it either way and try to use it as much as possible.
Are you female? I'm picturing this in my mind, and I NEED you to be female. And sexy, preferably. 
...with your gun. Right.Though i think fellatio would stop any burglar in his tracks.
This made me laugh super hard. Am female. We'd all die too, if it were me in our house.
you are my hero
Ya neva gonna catch meeee! Stop tryin', youre wastin' yo time, go do somethin' ellllllse! See yall next yeeeear! *runs into woods*
I don't trust my sheets with my wiping ability
Surprisingly, yes. It's the most peculiar of quirks. 
I can't handle it. I feel like super aware of my sweat and stuff. It's gross to me. I wear a thin stretchy cotton tee shirt and undies.
I don't like having my junk flopping around.
Somebody told me something about testicular torsion from sleeping nude and it scared me off it forever. Plus I could never really find a comfortable spot for my junk anyway
Since I've moved home for a while, absolutely not. But definitely when out on my own.
I'm more comfortable in my T-shirt and underwear, and every time I've tried it I woke up in the middle of the night either freezing my ass off or sweating like crazy.
Same here who doesn't have a firearm around for this exact reason 
Alternatively, achieve liftoff with helicopter dick and escape.
Ron Swanson style.I like it.
Me too!
To death.
That's one hell of a security system if I do say so myself. 
Damn, all I have is 3 dogs, a cat, and a common snapping turtle (that i can seem to convince my fiance to allow him to free roam the house). But I do have a shotgun to back them up.
Pretty sure the geese alone are enough to keep away anyone in their right mind. 
That is just so wild and the best, most rarest case scenario. Haha
I wish I had some training. The fact that I don't is probably the reason I froze when it happened to me. I'm lucky they didn't pursue further and just ran. I have a gun now after that happened and my grandpa taught me to shoot it, but I still think I'd end up freezing if it happened again. It's just so damn scary and sudden. 
Sounds like you live in a nice neighborhood. Sweet kitty too, lol. 
My family and I thought my neighborhood was a nice place when I chose to move here. We were sorely mistaken. My grandpa got me a gun and taught me to shoot it after a break in happened to me. Even though I have a gun now, I still wonder if it'd really be that easy for me to just point, click and take a life. After actually going through it, I think I still would've froze even if I had a gun the first time. Taking a life in the blink of an eye isn't easy. Maybe that's just me.
> sever emotional damageSomebody's peener is coming off!
Let's team up!
The hero we all need. 
Yes, dick-slap 'em!Of course, I'll have to get within three inches...
Too bad I don't have a penis. Can't helicopter something the size of a lil bean. 
HA, got em.
Something something username checks out
Yes... In your nightstand...
I believe you, u/Anal-Driver.
Idk. I just thought I had a plan and it all went completely different than expected. 
May be morbid, but it's genius!
you're waiting on your dog to come up with the plan? 
Helicockter*
So what would you do..? Throw them or?
This isn't the internet we're talking about. This is real life. 
I'm pretty sure an intruder would be shocked long enough for you to attack them yourself. Sounds like a solid plan. Let me know if it works for you. ;)
I'm getting a funny image right now
Yes, with a big penis.
For fuck's sake Reddit.
I am a female, yes. Lol sexy? Kinda flat and tiny, but I'm fun size, as my husband says. 
Sounds like what superman's load would do
Wow are you an adult?
I use a baby wipe right before bed, fresh and clean. 
Upgrade to baby wipes, brah
I sleep fully-clothed.Of course, I have to worry about people pulling the dorm fire alarm at 3 AM, so it's the most practical option, but even when at home I'm so used to it I can't sleep without clothes.
I thought that was implied.
Death by snu snu
i feel ya. im constantly on edge now for the last 2 years because of it. i know someone has been sneaking around my house for awhile now as ive heard my screen door open in the dead of night. ive heard footsteps in the yard. i pray the day doesnt come when they attempt to break in and im here, because even though ive had training its still very scaring knowing i might be killed in a matter of seconds. people say dont open the doors. i disagree. swing the door open and  scream at the top of your lungs while brandishing a weapon and that will scare most people off balance you can hit them and gain control of the situation(if you know theyre on the other side of the door). if i did this i would push them off the ledge and theyd fall a good 10 feet. (my porch is raised), hopefully theyd break some bones on the way down so i could detain them easier and call the cops. that aside my other advice is fight like a madman. its do or die and fighting like a berserk motherfucker will probably help you to overcome any fear youve had. ive been in some fights for my life before and i did just that and ended up scaring the attackers away. no one wants to fight you when you have nothing to lose. 
> The fact that I don't is probably the reason I froze when it happened to me.Sometimes that just happens regardless. A late friend of mine taught krav maga for years, but she froze up one time when a guy pinned her against a wall.
The hardest part about self defense during a break in is just getting to your gun. Chances are you have it locked up so you are fucked if you have to run to the safe first. But you also can't have a gun just layin around cuz thats an easy way to have a nosy kid accidentally shoot something or someone. But dont worry about freezing. It's not a person standing infront of you wile you ponder over if you should kill this bastard or not. It's oh fuck the robber has a gun *click...bang* you don't get time to think. That's why home defense gun lessons are so important. 
Or perhaps close enough to at least give 'em the ol' 1-2 scrotal ballsack KO punch *flump flump*
Heh heh. Heliclitpter
Dogs deal with intruder while I call 911. We have an understanding. And if your dumb ass breaks into a house with 3 dogs, you deserve what you get. I'm probably also going to mace you and rough ya up a bit, and mace you again because I think it would be funny.
I thought invoking rule 34 in real life is even more exciting, fantasies come true.
Lmao, yall need to learn how to wipe.
I prefer to have functional plumbing
Yeah it's not good flushing baby wipes. They cause blockages and cost cities tens of millions every year - even the supposed flushable ones.
Butt what if you have your period ?
Do you at least loosen your necktie?
I slept in the nude in the dorms.  Having a roommate did not get in the way of me having a good nights sleep.
Huehuehuehue good one
Rule 34 just means that there is porn of it. Period. It does not mandate attraction to said  porn. It just mandates that if it exists, there is porn of it. 
Not so. It's like, a real thing when you get a little older. Having to wipe again a couple hours later. One of my buddies mentioned it last year and I'm like Fuck, IKR? 
Just don't flush them?
But I want all the sex.
Yep, it's not the bathroom hygiene, it's sphincter muscles relaxing several hours later while you're asleep.
That's an obviously but inconvenient solution that I'm sure 90% of users don't bother with. 
[deleted]
All your sex are belong to us
SEX ALL THE THINGS!
No, but I do like gravy.
Suppository
Weaponized Autism
I've done it! I have successfully weaponized my allergies!You mean you sneeze on people?Next, I'm going to weaponize my flatulence!'Crop-dusting' is already a thing. You didn't invent it.What is your problem, man? Let me have this.I'm developing a weaponized form of buzz-killing.
Dildo.*Shudders* -__-
Weapons
Weaponized diarrhoea.
Weaponize Wasps. As if just wasps themselves weren't bad enough.
Weaponised sarcasm
Weaponized vinegar. Also known as concentrated acid.Weaponized mustard. Also known as mustard gas.Weaponized pepper. Also known as pepper spray.Weaponized salt. Also known as /r/Hearthstone.
Babies.
weaponized vagina
clown porn
Migraines
Comedy 
Squirrels.
Lasagna.
Weaponized memes.We'll send crappy memes at the opposition until they bleach their eyes at the horrific sight.Dank idea dude! LOL they'll never see our juju on the beat memes cumin!!11!!! xD
Weaponized pornography
A highly intelligent weaponized snail
weaponized sperm
Sneezes 
Weaponised burrito
Weaponized Paper Cuts would be an incredibly effective torture method.
Cuddles
Wi-Fi
Geese 
Proctology
Anthrax?  Plutonium?
Bukkake
Weaponised sociopaths
Weaponized Stupidity.  
Weaponized Twitter account.Tweets sent launch armed missiles.
Diaper.My brother has sent me a few references to weaponized diapers regarding his infant son.
Weaponized masturbation
Weaponised pancakes
Spiders.  
Weaponised tampons. They could sit inside for a few hours, soaking up all the blood, drama and almost baby. Then girls could literally whip them out like little blood soaked hand grenades and throw them at sexists and such. 
Horseradish
Dad jokes 
AIDS
Dyslexia 
Weaponized childbirth
Weaponized girlfriend.
Weaponized toddlers
Weaponized Viagra.
anything. Coconuts, vaccines, dogs, cats. Weaponized makes things disturbing
Fart
Weaponized fetus
Weaponized reddit.
Weaponized homosexuality. Or Operation Assfuck Army
five-year-olds.
Cat scratches
Prophylactic 
Speculum
Bunnies!
Farts
Bees
Love
Cockroaches. 
Pandas
Cringiness
Cucumber 
Weaponized Underpants a.k.a Captain Underpants
Urethra 
Smegma.
Weaponized Ponzi scheme from the newest RadioLab, referring to all the hedge funds who aggressively touted Bernie Madoff
Weaponized marriage
Abortion
Healthcare.
Weaponised kittens
Weaponized Toddlers
Autism
Weaponized flatulence.
Weaponized pedophilia
bees
Autism
This is rather childish but.....WEAPONIZED VAGINAS!!!!!
Orgasms
Stupidity.
Weaponised copulation 
Weaponized Tampons - Heavy Flow
Smegma.
Zit squeezing.  Phlegm.
Pedophiles 
Weaponized weaponIt just sounds some ominousWhat is the weapon? What has been applied to the already unknown weapon?
Weaponized farts sound pretty terrifying.
Ejaculation
Tupperware
Weaponized labia 
Weaponized tampon
diarrhea 
Sperm.
Dolphins
Weaponized keyboards
water
Austrailia
Sharts 
Powder
Child birth
Weaponized blender
Weaponised Trump
Weaponized yawninghttps://www.psychologytoday.com/blog/the-athletes-way/201403/why-is-yawning-so-contagious
Peace talks
Tacos
Weaponized intelligent America, which fortunately, will never exist.
crossfit
Everything
Flatulence.
weaponized hand sanitizer. imagine getting *that* in your eye.
Weaponized childrenParts of Africa are ahead of the game
Dildo
Weaponized Guinea PigsOkay, that's more adorable than disturbing
Fetuses
Children.
weaponized singularities, more specifically black holes. Only utter dissapointment to find out it wasn't in the game -.-
Weaponized diarrhea
flatulence
body lotion
Badgers
Weaponized firecrackers. Dunno, i guess gunpowder could cause some real harm if used as a weapon with all the explosions and whatnot. 
Woman.
Weponized autism 
penis
Anal sex
Children Literally the first thing that came to mind
Orgasms
Weaponized Australian Menagerie
any word, really
dihydrogen monoxide
Weaponized hate. Weaponized love. Weaponized kittens. Weaponized mythology.
Children
Trees
Mom
Weaponized Sand; now you're just imagining the pain it can cause in your soft, delicate eyes. 
Weaponized tiddies.  My one true weakness.
Crippling depression.Weaponized crippling depression! Now 100% off like your hopes and dreams and everyone you ever loved now hates you and wishes you were dead and they're saying things behind your back and going places without you.
dildos
My testicular circumference
Blanket- Ugh probably an iron blanket with spikes+whatever would really fucking hurt on it. Ouch.
Fear
Weaponized weapons. 
Vaccines
Fingernails on chalkboard.
Quiche
I meant computer keyboard but that sounds way better
Apple's.
Cellular phones
Viagra
Serious answer: any serious, contagious disease. Already considered a war crime.
Weaponized Viagra
Alarm Clocks
Teletubbies
Juggalos
Condoms.
Feminism.Oh wait... it's already pretty weaponized isn't it?
Infants. All the more so because terrorists have actually started using infants.
Drop-down bears or just Australian animal/s 
Literally anything. Weaponized Hamster, Weaponized computer, weaponized toilet, weaponized shit. 
Weapons
Ignorance.
weaponized semen
Weaponized anal seepage
dildos
*weaponised dick-cheese*
Towels
Weapon of mass destruction
Weaponized testicles
Weaponized Jello Cake. 
I recently heard Australia as having a weaponised environment which when you factor in the spiders, snakes, bogans and heatwave, is a pretty accurate way of looking at it.
Weaponized Autismi heard it on a channel superfun video on youtube. so no those arent my words
Abortion.
Mayonnaise 
Macrame.
Im currently working on a way to weaponize the bible. In the literal sense. Early prototypes focused on the many pages being spun at a high speed to make a saw-like action. However that proved only mildly successful, as you need to be in close range. Next I fashioned a launching function out of the cover, able to fling the pages about 25ft before they destabilized. Combined with the high RPMs I was able to cut a 2x4 with ease at ~15ft. Im thinking the next step would to replace the ink to give it more stability at longer ranges. Probably copper or lead based ink. Further testing is necessary. Also as a side project, im trying to apply this to children's books.  
Weaponized colostomy bag. 
weaponized diarrhea
Vagina
Enema
Autism
Weaponized Pumpkin.
Hemorhagging 
115
Paedophiles
Anything that doesn't already have weaponized in front of it ...Weaponized anthrax is scary; Weaponized weaponized anthrax  is no more scary and some people may even chuckle to themselves while saying Hehe I bet you say ATM machine . The more innocuous the scarier.....Weaponized netflixWeaponized coffeeWeaponized footwear (look what that did to all of us) 
Weaponized LSD.
Gynaecology 
Weaponized Corpse
diarrhea
Child pornography
Weaponized waffles!
Taco salad 
armpits
Soul
weaponized cats 
Weaponized anal prolapse
Weaponized Babies.
Weaponized pumpkin. The possibilities are driving me out of my gourd. 
Weaponized world peace
Beastiality. You thought the grizzly fucking you was bad... elephant trumpet.
Babies. Weaponized babies.I mean, I guess in some respect babies are weaponized--I've seen enough diaper changes to know that half the time the diaper changer gets covered in shit and pee.
Vagina.
handjob.
Choia cactus
Avocado  
Weaponized pacifists
weaponized data.whoops.
Curry 
In-laws.
Farts
Toddlers.
Laxative 
Semen.
Milk
Weaponized bukkake.
Tiny mccrees that scream its mid day every 3 seconds
Weaponized herpes 
Cheese
Weaponized febreze.
Weaponized charity.
Spam. Weaponized Spam.
Care-bears
Meekness 
Weaponized Cheetos.
Trump
Herpes
Autism, We have seen how scary that is.  
Buttplugs 
Weaponized sleep apnea. 
Stupidity
Weaponized that pussy
Fleshlight Ouch
Autism
Weaponizing demons, for a brighter tomorrow!
Fruit
Weaponized Keemstar
two girls one cup weaponized
Weaponized semen... I'm sorry
Honey badgers. Weaponized honey badgers should strike fear into the hearts of men!
Dildo. 
Weaponized Ignorance
Chicken shit
childbirth.Either we're breeding soldiers from a bunch of mothers in inhumane people-mill conditions, or we're wheeling the ladies out onto the battlefield like cannons and firing babies at the enemies.
Ejaculation 
Refrigerator 
Dildo
Prostate
Weaponized surgeons
fart
Toaster
Weaponized ladybugs
Depression.
Cathater
Weaponized ebola
Weaponized period juice
Weaponized personal menthol lubricant.
Kindergarten 
Weaponized Dog vomit*shudders*
cats
Mother in law
Vibrator/dildo
Laxatives
Felching
Weaponized Memes
weaponized diarrheaweaponized intercourse
Weaponized fecesThat doesn't sound good
I'm gonna need you to put them way up inside your butthole Morty.
I have severe bowel issues. I can't take a shit without Soviet-era suppositories from the Cold War. Ruskies had these babies sitting in a bunker for decades... It's thought that they developed them to give them to Stalin, try to calm the guy down a little. Poor guy had chronic constipation. Explains why he was so genocidal and everything, really.
Use them a lot, do you?
A different kind of dirty bomb 
so, 4chan?
They targeted gamers.Gamers.We're a group of people who will sit for hours, days, even weeks on end performing some of the hardest, most mentally demanding tasks. Over, and over, and over all for nothing more than a little digital token saying we did.We'll punish our selfs doing things others would consider torture, because we think it's fun.We'll spend most if not all of our free time min maxing the stats of a fictional character all to draw out a single extra point of damage per second.Many of us have made careers out of doing just these things: slogging through the grind, all day, the same quests over and over, hundreds of times to the point where we know evety little detail such that some have attained such gamer nirvana that they can literally play these games blindfolded.Do these people have any idea how many controllers have been smashed, systems over heated, disks and carts destroyed 8n frustration? All to latter be referred to as bragging rights?These people honestly think this is a battle they can win? They take our media? We're already building a new one without them. They take our devs? Gamers aren't shy about throwing their money else where, or even making the games our selves. They think calling us racist, mysoginistic, rape apologists is going to change us? We've been called worse things by prepubescent 10 year olds with a shitty head set. They picked a fight against a group that's already grown desensitized to their strategies and methods. Who enjoy the battle of attrition they've threatened us with. Who take it as a challange when they tell us we no longer matter. Our obsession with proving we can after being told we can't is so deeply ingrained from years of dealing with big brothers/sisters and friends laughing at how pathetic we used to be that proving you people wrong has become a very real need; a honed reflex.Gamers are competative, hard core, by nature. We love a challange. The worst thing you did in all of this was to challange us. You're not special, you're not original, you're not the first; this is just another boss fight.
So... me.
Ya I'mWater boarding this guy but I'mUnable to determine by his facial expressions if I should stop because it's causing negative feelings for him
So vaccines? /s
So, the Dandelion Program?
Also known as the first atomic bomb.
Dammit, beat me to it
8000 decibel loud inaudible autistic screeching! Wow! 
AKA: Vaccines
My nephew has high functioning but extremely violent autism. I think he could be considered weaponized autism.
This sounds like an XKCD with Black Hat.
This comment made me sneeze for some reason... Maybe you did weaponize it but in a different way.
 r/jamesandted, should really hop on this 
I call weaponized farts strafing runs.
This would make a good Rammstein album.
There was an incident recently of a robber at a sex shop who got pelted with dildos by the employees, cba to look it up.
soooooooo.......The Penetrater from Saint's Row 3?
Idiocracy.THE DILL-DOZER
http://www.scp-wiki.net/scp-297
[A weapon to surpass Metal Gear](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BVw9XnGghOg) It's a bit NSFW of course.
Robodildo, my ass.
Actually, Saint's Row: The Third did this. It was *hilarious.*
I, too, have played GTA.
*Shudders with pleasure*
They already have that.     [Its called a electrified baton.](https://www.whiteknightsupply.com/products/ps-exp-baton-16-foam-handle-blk?utm_medium=cpc&utm_source=googlepla&variant=20851400321&gclid=Cj0KEQiAifvEBRCVx5up6Ojgr5oBEiQALHw1To-u2YX-MK78WTeyWBUZzxfVUG2BxJgZxGzU3cuIHv8aAkeC8P8HAQ)
VOODOO DICK MY ASS
https://www.theguardian.com/world/2016/feb/16/new-zealand-mp-dildo-baggins-cops-sex-toy-in-the-face-and-takes-ribbing-on-the-chin
Uh saints row 3
Wait, so what are non-weaponised weapons then? 
[You caught me reading the front page.](https://www.reddit.com/r/nottheonion/comments/5t7vz7/diarrheacausing_salmonella_can_be_weaponized_to/)
Shit.
I mean, White Anglo-Saxon Protestants have been pretty weaponized since pretty shortly after Martin Luther, so...
Tracker Jackers ftw
Look out! Bees! And they sound Africanised!
Hated in the Nation; Black Mirror S03E06
It's already a thing.It is called being British.
> Weaponized salt. Also known as /u/Scripter17FTFY
*Uggghhhhh Team 5 sucks Jades are horrible Shaman is horrible Pirates are horrible*Nerf happens*Ugggh I can never outvalue Reno decks ugghhhhh*
/r/Hearthstone has their pitchforks ready.
I love how all these first answers actually crossed my mind.It is heartwarming to see that I am not the only awful person on this planet.
Those are just saiyans sent to other planets. 
Toddlers, babies are too slow.
~~Isn't it called Tumblr already?~~
Redundant shawty
That's the plot of Teeth
Okay, you probably won.
Distract the enemy and strike when they are most vulnerable.
Weaponised Clown Porn sounds like an album name...
You basically become OP's mom.wait
I get migraines bad enough that I have to go to the hospital sometimes.  If they were weaponized, I'd be able to shoot my enemies with them!!
You mean cluster headaches? They're like the nuclear weapons to a migraine's 6 hour bombing raid on your head. They don't last too long, but they will ruin you.
Fortunately, weaponized comedy was banned during a [specialized Geneva Conference session in 1950, and the only known form was buried](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WwbnvkMRPKM).
~~also known as 2017's journalism~~
*You must have been born on a highway, because that's where most accidents happen.*  Whoa, man, that's just mean, dude.
Weaponized squirrels would have the advantage of keeping those damn kids off my lawn for good.Along with everyone else.
Squirrels already have weapons. My earliest memory is my dad saying look a squirrel, me looking up just in time for a half chewed nut land in my eye. He did it deliberately. Squirrels are weaponized and take great joy in using them.  
Once my best Rimworld colony was destroyed by a pack of psychically triggered squirrels.
Heart disease is a major player in U.S. lasagna is pretty much weaponized already
*lasaga
isnt this how trump came to power and how he uses twitter everyday? im not being ironic or anything, some of the shit he posts seems like weaponized disinformation.
Have you *seen* the carnage inflicted by meme wars? I have. I've shitposted on the front lines of many a conflict,  from the r/de / r/france meme war to skirmishes on obscure forums. I've been shitposting since the days of Nyan Cat and Rage Comics. As the flame wars march on, I've watched as memes get danker and danker with each passing post as old memes are left on the wayside.I've been memeing for years, and I've lost many good karma to trolls and shitposters alike. It never gets any easier, but it's too late for me now. Memes are all I know. For now, all shitposters have their supplies of memes through meme dealers such as r/memeeconomy and r/dankmemes, and as a result the internet is stable, for the moment. Memers are content to engage in proxy fights and disorganized skirmishes. But some day the threat of Memetically Assured Dankstruction will not be enough to deter them, and forums everywhere will be consumed in spicy shitposts. I've seen the fallout of weapons grade memes. Pray you never have to.
Tank memes.
I think 4chan has shown beyond doubt that weaponized memes are already a part of reality.
Pfft, Normies
Wouldn't be very effective if weaponized ejaculation had to *come*.
This could truly make you go blind.  
Seems like that would be something so sexy that it causes you to become SO aroused that your genitals literally explode.Truly a horrifyingly potent weapon.
Only a decoy snail
M E T AETA
Bless you.
I like you.
If it was like Alien blood
Oooh, I like this one! Those people over at the Sneeze Fetish Forum would have a fantastic time if this was an actual thing.
10/10 would still eat
aka taco bell?
There's a reason the Wi-Fi radio spectrum is close to the microwaves ...
This reminds me of that one Doctor Who episode that no one talks about.
During WWII one of the first guided missiles were made with pigeons. Tho Geese probably could have worked too. They put the bird in the cone of the missile. They trained the birds to peck at the silhouette of what enemy ships looked like to get food. The pecking guided the missile. It worked too but the generals thought it was so crazy they didn't use it.
I've heard the (Canadian?) military does employ geese as guards. Probably a myth though.
>Plutonium?I believe that's called a thermonuclear weapon.
That... Actually sounds pretty scary.
I feel like this already exists, in a way. 
Donald Trump's already got a Twitter account that's gonna start a war, dude.
At least one Twitter client (Plume) specifically forbids using it to control nuclear weapons in its ToS. So no #RTforNuke.
Never seen the movie Teeth then?
Isn't that the Spartan army?
I like you too.
So, yandere.
https://youtu.be/SbF2ik7lEH4?t=958
So all of Reddit's What's the most obvious hint you missed from a girl-threads?
#WHEN YOU GO TO SLEEP AT NIGHT~!
Too late. They've been using for centuries. 
Made me think of the Syringer from Fallout 4
So how would this work exactly? Would the keyboard be deadlier the better you played the song? Or could you just play one note and wipe someone out?
As in water cannon? Where have I heard that before?
Already done. Wait you weren't giving an order to make Australia deadly? 
That is just normal trump
They did that in [Andromeda](http://andromeda.wikia.com/wiki/Point_Singularity_Projector). Makes me wonder why trek's Romulans never tried using the artificial singularity in their warp drive as a weapon. 
Aw geez, Rick.
I'm a simple man, I see a Rick and Morty reference, I upvote. 
OP's mom gets backed up sometimes
4chan is self aware of its autistic elements. No, I'd call reddit the autism centre of the internet. We're probably a little less weird than 4chan, but we think we're normal, whereas 4chan embrace their oddities.
What about him?
It's literally a meme from 4chan.
Nope, Voat.
Not sure what this is in response to exactly, but it's an excellent little post all the same. Well done, sir. You deserve a pizza.
Ah, Gamergate. What an utterly hilarious waste of effort.
Holy shit that hurt to read. 
Glorious. Even though I'm sitting on the toilet with diarrhea, I applaud you, brave soldier. 
Someone tell Randall. 
That's what I was thinking!Though, not necessarily Black Hat.
Du. Du dil. Du dildo.
I think you just described the english translation of Ich Tu Dir Weh
Ha, RAMmstein.
Hahah that's fantastic
I have that game.
>Experimentation has determined that SCP-297 can disintegrate a 1 meter cube of concrete into powder within ten seconds. The time required for other objects varies, based on the density and harmonic properties of the material.This is why I love SCP. There just went 2 hours of my life. I love reading SCP.
That's an actual entry?A nuclear powered vibrator is in the serious section of the SCP wiki?You'd think that would be a -J entry.
I'm honestly afraid to click that. Haha
Please assume the position.
Eh that's more of a Saints Row thing than GTA
A rifle that you hang up over your mantelpiece but never use.
Toy guns?
what are these? weapons for ants?
Decommissioned?
all you know is non weaponised weapons, now just imagine what the weaponised ones are like
Weapons.
I thought this was gonna be a link to the TIL about the guy who grounded a flight by taking a shit so bad that it was dangerous.
Splat.
> White Anglo-SaxonHang on, is it possible to be non-white and also Anglo-Saxon? That's an ethnic group, not a geographical one. Wait, no. Belay that. There's a lot of discussion of race to be had here, and I'd rather not get into that. Ah, sudden realizations. It'd be nice if I had them sooner.
Oh yeah, that's the episode about the murderous bees, right?
Thanks for the input, I really appreciate it
Can confirm. I'm British, and have a weapons permit for my sarcasm. 
That's original. 
Contrary to popular belief, the British aren't actually that sarcastic. They're just really fucking annoying.Source: Was born and raised in England.
I think you're referring to Charles Darwin's Survival of the fittest.
Shawty gun.
vagina dentata
Agreed.
Does it even need to be weaponized to be horrific, though? Maybe we better put this one back in the bag. I'm starting to have waking nightmares. 
I agree! Who would it be by?
First time I've over seen the OP refer to the OP's mom. Nice. 
I've had one of those once.  Worst pain I ever had for three days.  Could've been meningitis though, now that I thing about it.  Never had anything like it again.
I suffer from both migraines and cluster headaches (episodic) and yes, I can confirm that Clusters are **much more painful** than migraines. And oh, they last long. I've had an 8-hour cluster before.
I was really hoping someone would mention this.
***what does that say***
Squirrels are not dogs.  They only care about squirrels.
Why would you get near any such wicked animals on Christmas anyway ...
garfielf forecefrf
Bazinga
*achoo!*  ***hsssssssssss***. 
I mean, it's pretty much just handing a sociopath a gun and throwing them back into the water of society. It's something that happens quite regularly in the United States, really.
No...What is it?
I was actually thinking of a male friend of mine.My husband actually termed him weaponized loveHe falls for women then as soon as they fall for him, like gets them fully in-love and trusting him he runs as far as he can as fast as he can never to return.I've actually had to threaten to end our friendship if he doesn't get help because I can't watch him destroy woman after woman. 7 years 6 women it's cruel.He truly is weaponized love.
Huh ?
:)
Way to be a Jerry
Yes, indeed.
Just because you accept your autism, it doesn't mean your not autistic 
Everyone on reddit hates 4chan because they think it's pro trump.  It's pro chaos. 
It's a copypasta of weaponized autism fam
It's an unironic post from 4chan back in the Gamergate days. They actually believe this.
Hold my beer, I open the GIMP.
Dildomensch > Panzermensch
My man, i heard the beat and everything hahahaI have only one vote to up, alas.
It's a nuclear dildo. SCP-297 is a nuclear dildo with a suicide setting that can reduce concrete to dust.
Or a really fucking cool looking sword that you just keep in it's case and only bring out to show it off to people.
Chekov can be such a wimp sometimes.
Chekov's gun. It has to be used.
Duck tape that to a pair of nunchucks and you've got yourself a weaponized, non-weaponized weapon
Chekov's Gun?
You mean like 90% of all shotguns in rich people's houses?
Put that onto a rsum.
Ethnicity and race are separate, with ethnicity based mainly on culture.
I think the anglo-saxon bit is meant to designate the subcategory of whiteness because there are other kinds of white. 
Yep, autonomus robot bees hacked to kill people.
inb4 Theresa May makes sarcasm illegal.
Got my Sarc Card the day I was born
Jesus Christ, don't use it on me, please!
Had to get a new Reddit permit as my weapon blew up in my face.  They don't like it up em over at r/britishproblems they aren't like the rest of Reddit. 
Someone like Weird Al, I reckon. Or Eminem, if Slim Shady ever made a comeback.
some *alternative* subtext
I think the weaponisation implies tuning them for human targets
Who said anything about christmas
Zing!
She had some vicious teeth in her vagina. And her boyfriends loose body parts.  Best scene is where a severed penis drops out of her and her Rottweiler runs off with it, as the guy watches on in disbelief. 
*You're
I understood six of the seven words used to form that sentence.The hell is fam?
Okay then.. talk about exploding orgasms, right? Haha
/r/mallninjashit
Ngl, if I had the money I would buy a sword because no intruder will fight a man with a sword. They will just think Holy Shit! This guy means business! And hopefully leave without realising the sword is blunt and I only know how to use it in the most basic way to stage fight.
>Put that shit onto a rsum. FTFY
Fair enough.
A stupid bitch wouldn't get it anyway so just do it anyway. anyone that enforces it will also be too stupid to get it.
I was thinking Marilyn Manson or Rage Against the Machine
Some idiot drew a line through it. Wish I knew how to erase through the screen
I'm blocking you.
> Just because you accept you're autism, it doesn't mean your not autisticBetter?
See, here OP is accepting his own autism.
In case the google link didn't settle it, fam is short for family, but it's not usually used for actual family, instead, it's used for people really close but not related to you, whom you may call your family.
Those Eiffel Tower knives look awesome!
A long metal stick is a long metal stick, no matter if it is sword shaped.
If I had one, I'd probably attempt to use it on someone in the same way an anime character would and end up getting totally flattened (And arrested immediately afterwards).
Deadly rsum.
Calm down there fella
Or that Insane Clown Posse duo.
I know that man. He has issues.Here's what the text originally says:> send nudes
Thanks much better! 
You've overstayed you're welcome
Shitty rsum.
>calm downANGERY
your welcome
Not finishing your entire course of antibiotics.
Civilisation 5.  It seems like a modern video game, but it's really just a more complicated version of Risk.
Driving. 
Driving without a seatbelt; it makes your fatality rate during accidents 50% higher.Motorcycles are pretty dangerous (they're 2 to 2.5 times higher accident fatalities than cars) but I don't know if people assume they aren't very dangerous or what.
Pulling out. Seriously, just use a condom, even if you can't afford them there's quite a few places that give them out for free.
Opiates and alcohol 
Sitting down for long periods of time on a daily basis for years and years. Those feet were made for walking. Edit: does not include people that are not able to walk, who do move around in other ways.
Not getting help for depression.
Ooh, I got one! Exchanging nudes as a teenager...
Leaving your house.* Whether driving or as a pedestrian, all it takes is for one careless driver and your life could be over.* Someone gets into a fight on the street with another person. Maybe you're pulled into it as you just try to get around it, maybe someone pulls a gun and you happen to get hit by a misfire.* You start to feel not so well, you go to the doctor and get it checked out. BAM! Pancreatic cancer, you're dead in three weeks.* Go to use the toilet, the bowl cracks, severs a major artery in your leg and you bleed out in some filthy public stye. The last thing you see is some fat perv with a microdick shoving his mini sausage through the gloryhole at you.* Police arrest you, case of mistaken identity. They put you in a holding cell and forget you're even there. You starve to death.* Mistaken identity: Police stop you, try to arrest you, but you're too stupid to comply. You try to clarify, ask questions or otherwise resist. You're tasered and your heart stops.* E-Coli in the meat in the sandwich you ordered for lunch.* All that smog you in hale while going about your business outside? *Lung cancer.** Bee stings you, you didn't know you were *deathly* allergic. No one has an epipen anymore because they cost *SIX HUNDRED FUCKING DOLLARS*.
Bungee Jumping in Mexico. They just don't have the regulations.
Cigarettes.  Marijuana has always been called the gateway drug, but the number of people who smoke cigarettes is very much correlated to the number of people who become alcoholics or addicts to harder drugs.  Obviously people know that cigarettes are not good for you, and no one wants to start smoking, but just by smoking one you have began a habit that could play into other habits quickly..
If you pop the wrong pimple on your face, it can kill you.
Leaving too much information about yourself public.Let me start off by saying that stalking is a real issue and people do crazy things. With that in mind, I'm constantly amazed at how many people have public facebook accounts that have where they live, their actual full name, the place they work, the highschool they went to, who they are related to, etc. It is so risky to just have everything out there for someone to find.Be smart about what's out there and what other people have access to. 
Farting. Be careful out there people. You never know when you'll trust the wrong fart.
Electing a noob as president 
Tylenol. Taking two or three times the recommended does can be life threatening, and a lot of medicines (Nyquil, other cold medicines) have Tylenol in them but don't advertise it.
Having a child. It's so easy to do, it can happen by accident.  But so much can go wrong, most people don't realize that pregnancy is a serious medical situation, and childbirth is an emergency.  It just happens to go right for most people, but there's a lot of risk involved.
Skiing. A lot of people don't realise just how dangerous it is, especially those who don't wear helmets
Clicking some of the links people post on Reddit
Sex, because people apparently still don't know or appreciate the actual risk given the number of STI's and unwanted pregnacnies out there.
Not wearing your retainer after your braces come off.
Overloading an electric circuit by plugging in too many electrical devices at one time - especially in older buildings with wiring and outmoded electric service that's not up to code.
Having surgery + anesthesia when obese.
Getting into bed at night. A high number of people die when they are asleep in bed. If they somehow survive the night then they have to get out of bed, which is a common activity related to the majority of deaths. 
living. 100% mortality rate
Drinking too much water!
Getting out of bed.  You could:  * Fall in the shower  * Cut yourself in the kitchen  * Trip over the dead hooker after she falls out of your freezer  * Run into the corner of wall with your toes  * Balcony could collapse with you on it  * Have trouble staying warm and freeze because nothing regulates temperature like your blanket(s)!    Source: hiding under a blanket, it is scary out there.
Exploring abandoned buildings, especially if bats live there. Bats carry hundreds of diseases including rabies. 
Driving's already been mentioned, so: doing anything that takes your eyes from the road while driving. Applying make-up, checking your phone, figuratively juggling your coffee, etc.It takes a moment of inattention for an accident to happen.
Joining a radical church. Or talking to mormons more than once.  They come back like pigeons only worse.  
Mixing any type of psychotropic drug with alcohol- you could pass out, have a seizure, go into a coma or die. Even if none of those things happen you're probably worsening the side effects of the drug by drinking.
Eating week old lasagna that wasn't cooled properly. I'm paying for it dearly right now.
Being an Oil Man, like me. 
Trying to hold all of Asia. I mean sure you get a lot of bonus men, but come on there's so many borders. 
Getting into a fistfight. One can be killed by a single punch. Even if that doesn't happen, concussions, brain damage, and jail time are no joke. And that's not even considering the fact that you'll likely shatter your flimsy hand bones if you throw a punch with earnest.
Bicycling in a big city. I treat it usually as a don't get killed situation so I am more alert.
Kissing, especially deep kissing. Kissing can give you the hpv virus (human papilloma virus, not to be confused with hiv, hsv), specifically hpv-16, which can give you oral cancer. Source: https://www.cdc.gov/std/hpv/stdfact-hpvandoropharyngealcancer.htm 
Rushing water.
Marriage.You stand lose at least half your financial assets, possibly pay alimony, can't see your kid full time, no one really wins and the odds of long term success are low and kids (or yourself) in therapy is high.
Driving with weed in the car. Cops will pull you over for anything they can. No seatbelt, didn't use turn signal, tail light out, headlight out, etc. Once they get to the car they will either smell it or want to search the car regardless if they smell it. 
Living in the West. There's a million ways to die in the west.
Working in fast food. It's not life threatening risks but the kitchen staff get burned by the grills and deep fryers so much that we go through entire bottles of burn cream every few weeks.Getting burned so constantly causes you to lose feeling in your fingertips and leaves scars all over your arms.I still don't understand why they don't have long-sleeve uniforms.
Kidney stones. Depending on the size and placement in the kidney you can lose the organ 
Just not reaching out for help in general. There's so many different personal problems in the world that could be resolved if people could just muster up the strength to ask for help.
Talking trash about random strangers within earshot.You could run into someone who has a weapon and is a comment away from snapping.  One word could be all it takes for you to be on a cold slab in a morgue with a knife in your heart.
Peeing in public.  Could be labeled a sex offender for life. 
Vending machines.  They're probably OK if you don't try to shake them, but apparently a lot of people try to shake them, because they kill about two people a year.Putting your baby's infant carrier/car seat on top of a shopping cart.  Shopping carts are pretty unsafe to begin with (high center of gravity), and they can and do tip over in normal use.  I've had people tell me it's perfectly fine because the seat clicks into place.  Problem is, that's the part of your seat that is supposed to click onto the base, and clicking it onto the shopping cart can damage the connectors so it doesn't properly attach to your seat base anymore.And for that matter, using one of those carriers outside the car can be dangerous.  I'm not saying not to carry your baby in one ever (though I've never really understood why you'd want to carry the baby's weight plus the weight of the hard plastic thing), but their use outside of the car should be minimized, and you shouldn't ever let a baby sleep in one in your house because it can compromise baby's breathing, and if you loosen or unbuckle the straps they become a strangulation hazard
Letting someone who is reckless borrow something you own that can potentially harm others.
Smoking. At least in Europe. I know it's considered unclean or bad America-side, but you can't escape it here, they must not know how bad it is, for some reason. 
Eating Pork. Go and educate yourself. It's probably the worst commercially accessible meat on the market.
Driving
Driving. You can't control the minds of the other drivers. You have to rely on so many more people to literally not DIE. You have to trust that the person letting you cross the street isn't going to suddenly speed up and crash into you. You have to trust that the person who says they're turning left actually is turning left, because if they aren't, you'll get into an accident. Planes are easier since you only have to trust the crew.
The flu. One of the more common illnesses with a fairly high mortality rate and hospitalization rate. I spent 21 days in the hospital 5 years ago thanks to the flu. 
Finger-Banging.
Procastinating on reddit.
Farming
Eating leftovers. Food poisoning is no joke. 
Farts.
Working for someone else...
Buying contact lenses without a prescription and from random stores.
Forcing a fart! 
Smoking. When you're 65 with emphysema and chronic bronchitis, if not lung cancer, you'll be regretting the decision to ever start smoking.
Surgery 
Sleep
[deleted]
Marriage
Home electrical projects.  460V can kill you.  
Smoking. Everyone knows it's not good (obviously), including smokers. But once you are addicted... I'll be fine.
Buying a home on with an ARM.
Drivint
Driving I feel like most people don't realize that is probably one of the most dangerous things they do  all day!
Direct Debit.You're handing over access to your account to someone who can take as much as they want. I know it's convenient but it can actually be super dodgy. Sometimes you're given no other option so it's important to read contacts scrupulously.
Driving, two very heavy metal objects hurtling at each other at a respective 60mph each. Only thing preventing a collision is trusting the other person is in control and abiding by the painted lines. 
That first case in cs:go...
Skiing 
Leaving the house.
Armed robbery. 
Watching TV
Thanks for the reminder  I better go and take mine. 
Why? 
Earlier tonight, I heard my sister in law talking about how she is only taking her antibiotics when she needs them.  Other people were already telling her not to do that, but she kept insisting she had to do it this way because she can't afford doctor stuff.  I wasn't about to start a bigger argument, but all I could think about was how potentially horrible it was.
I try and try to explain this to my mom but she never gets it. She always has extra antibiotics because she never finishes hers and then tries to get me to take some when she notices I'm sick. Drives me insane. 
Does this count hold true for steroids?
Shit.
This one took me a second.
Let me play just one more turn.
Quite risky indeed!
You beautiful son of a bitch.
Go play eu4 if you want something even more complicated
*Slow clap*
It's like walking out of your house and getting a shotgun. You could literally kill anyone at any time while driving. 
40mph/50000Pounds = final destination come true.
Just look at the What's the most NSFL thing you've witnessed in public? thread.
considering these people drive in the snow, the south goes crazy whenever it snows, these people can't drive in snow for shit
Every fucking thread...
The first time I was driving a car on the road (old crappy toyota), I felt like driving a fucking tank. One shitty turn and people will die, omg I'm driving a tank!
There's always someone who knows someone's uncle that would have died if they WERE wearing a seatbelt. I saw the blood, the hamburger skin and heard the screams of a person that skidded across my street and sidewalk after flying out of their car. I'll take my chances with my seatbelt being fastened every single time. 
I have a friend who worked in an ER. The first time I saw him after he started I asked him how it was and his immediate response was always wear a seatbelt. 
Anyone who rides knows and assumes the risk. The few who don't make statistics on accidents. Source: I ride motorcycles. 
How about people hiring motorbikes when travelling to developing countries?  People (and government warnings) get paranoid when a bomb goes off in Thailand but they might not think much about the danger when they get on a motorbike wearing tropical clothing, maybe without much experience, and weave their way through untrained drivers on terrible roads.  The overall road fatality rates in Thailand are several times higher than in western countries, even worse when considering motorbikes.  I saw an ad placed by the British embassy in a backpacker magazine running through the statistics and showing how riding a motorbike is the biggest killer of British tourists in Thailand.
whats the normal fatality rate with a seatbelt?
>Motorcycles are pretty dangerous (they're 2 to 2.5 times higher accident fatalities than cars) but I don't know if people assume they aren't very dangerous or what. Full riding gear can negate a lot of that risk, as far as flying off the bike at 80mph... Doesn't change your chances of getting crushed by another car though.
... I'm genuinely surprised it's only 50% higher.
While this is true, the thing that people don't usually know is that in more than half of all motorcycle fatalities, the bike rider had been drinking. When you discount people who had been drinking,  not wearing decent body armor,  and people just doing really stupid stunts,  riding a motorcycle isn't that much more dangerous than driving a car
> Motorcycles are pretty dangerous (they're 2 to 2.5 times higher accident fatalities than cars) but I don't know if people assume they aren't very dangerous or what.We know how dangerous it is. Riding is just that liberating and awesome
NO MOTORCYCLES HAL!!!!!
You know what you call people who use the pull out method?Parents.
Seriously. STD risk aside (if you aren't in a mono relationship), I'm on some mom centered forums and this is a daily thing. Omg we used the pull out method and now I'm pregnant.Yep. 
If you can't afford condoms then you most certainly afford what could be the result of sex without a condom. If you're that poor just jerk each other off
I cannot stress this enough.I knew a girl who was very religious, who used the pull out method. She was not willing to get an abortion if she got pregnant. She was very open about not being ready for kids, since she was 17. She could have gotten condoms from the university for free, but no. It's hard to understand why people even consider the pull out method a method at all.
Used pull out for 11 years, no kids. Used condom, had son 
I've never heard of people not using condoms because they can't afford them. Usually the guy doesn't want to use one because it doesn't feel as good.
Ugh, you can pull out. Just make sure that you1) don't wait until the orgasm is imminent. Pull out before the point of no return, 2) and once you do pull out, don't cum near the girl's vagina. This defeats the purpose. Cum in her mouth, on her face, even on her stomach, but not near the vag. This is anecdotal, I know, but my husband and I have been using the pull out method for like, 8 years with a 100% success rate. We have a kid, but it was from when my husband came inside of me when I was ovulating.. that makes a baby. Speaking of ovulating, if you track and pay close attention, you can do the rhythm method. It has a larger margin of error, but can be pretty accurate if you know what you're doing. I do a modified version where we just have unprotected sex right after my period, when I'm pretty sure I'm not ovulating. It's been 8 years and no pregnancies. Of course, I've had some fertility dips (am in my early 30s) and my menstrual cycle has always been pretty regular; so ymmv. Proceed with caution and don't ever let anyone talk you into anything you're not comfortable with, including me! But I just thought I'd put out this PSA because knowledge is power, etc. EDITED TO ADD: precum does not contain sperm, but the urethra will have sperm in it if you've ejaculated earlier. Don't do the pull out method if you have ejaculated recently. Can't believe I forgot to mention that. 
I'm the pullout King
Like any shop, what do you think [these](http://media.gizmodo.co.uk/wp-content/uploads/2015/10/plastic-bag-620x349.jpg) are used for?
I work as a nanny for a nurse that told me the pullout method is why she has kids now. Medical professionals 
Really. Mixing medication and alcohol, no matter what the medication is, is extremely dangerous. I have a cousin that actually passed away last year by taking his meds for back pain and getting drunk. His BAC was only 0.28 when they found him, but it was enough to kill him.
I have pain issues that make moving suck. I'm not working right now and I have to remind myself that sitting or laying sucks too and could kill me sooner then I at least get up and pace around the house while I'm reading. When I watch intense shows or movies I will stand/pace as much as possible and feel less pain because of the excitement.I still know overall I am not moving enough. My goal when the snow disappears this year is to get up and out more because I don't want my son to hear I died due to sitting on my ass. 
What's a healthy daily amount of walking?
Deep Vein Thrombosis and all that.
I had a knee injury not long ago and had to lay rest for around a month. Man, I'm starting to walk again and my body feels like shit, I hate it.
Easier said than done...
For real. Any mental health problems at all for that matter
Last time I was in the hospital (actually a place for inpatient intensive PT and OT), I had to have a psych evaluation (just protocol for all new patients there). I was 16, and I lied to her, and I really regret that now. I was just too good at acting like I was happy and it wasn't a huge issue that I'd lost the ability to walk for the second time in my life.... I laughed and joked with her. I am *too* good at pushing everything down.I mean, at that point I'd already been depressed and stuff for a long time, but it's just gotten worse since then... but also harder to get help. I'm 19 now, and I just so desperately wish that I'd broken down and gotten the psych help I needed. I'd probably be so much better now. So now I'm at a loss and don't know what to do, but I feel like I can't handle the rest of the semester. Or even another day, tbh.I don't even know what I mean by that, though. I don't want to kill my self or anything... don't worry. It's just increasingly difficult to survive reality. And it's exhausting. And college is making it 100000x worse bc I'm all alone (aka no social life and all of 2 friends who are just always busy... *literally* alone) and, ya know, it's a huge change, which is always rough, and classes aren't easy. So yeah, moral of that is, get help when you have the opportunity. Get it as early as possible, bc it just gets worse. Don't lie during a psych consult. You may think that you can heal yourself by forcing yourself to think positively and crap, but that's impossible for the vast majority of people.
Seriously. On either end, that's child porn (excluding 18 and 19 obvs).
Found the aunt from Series of Unfortunate Events
And just when I was getting over agoraphobia. *locks door, boards up windows and puts on helmet*
To be fair, you could get pancreatic cancer even if you never left your house. 
> you happen to get hit by a misfire.To totally be that guy, you'd get hit with a missed shot.  A misfire is when you pull the trigger and the gun doesn't go bang.
Woah what you said about pancreatic cancer is a trip. My good friend's mom just passed. Literally didn't feel well, went to the doctor, 5 weeks later gone. 
At least three of these can still happen if you *don't* leave the house
Stop stop stop I have ocd im panicking but actually it's a heart attack and im going to FUCKING DIE thanks a lot. I hope you live with this forever 
Reminds me of this one time I was walking home with some friends after drinking one night and there was a fight going on. Most of us skirted around it, but one friend decided to walk through it. He got sucked into the fight and ended up with a black eye. It all happened so fast too.
Most major airlines fly their planes to Mexico for major repairs because of cheap labor
Cable Guy
I smoked one cigarette now I'm hooked on black tar heroin.
This. A lot of the times its not physical addiction that hooks you, but smoking being tied to other habits, like smoking after eating or taking a break at work. I've found that if you don't do drugs while doing ritualistic activities, you're less likely to be addicted. Self control, people.
the only thing Marijuana is a gateway to is cigarettes. You start mixing it into your batch for it to burn slower. Before you know it, you're lighting-up a camel when you're dankrupt
Woah wait what
And an ignored toothache can kill you in a matter of days. 
I JUST POPPED A PIMPLE IN THAT AREA TO TODAY.TIL I COULD NOW DIE
Teenage me was very risky I guess. 
Huh I thought this was bullshit. It [appears](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Danger_triangle_of_the_face) not
Aaand I'm never popping a pimple again.
You shouldn't pop them to begin with, really.
TIL I should have died many, many times.
People really need to teach teenagers, especially girls, about how to protect their privacy online. Teach them about EXIF data and how to clear it from photographs before uploading or posting them anywhere. If you take a selfie inside your house and upload it to Facebook or something, anyone can download that photo, run it through exifdata.com or a similar site, and find out the exact GPS coordinates of your home. Also, never post a picture of yourself standing in front of your home, especially if the street address is visible. 
The trick is to be completely undesirable in every way. Then nobody stalks you.
Never trust a fart over 50
I don't know why people have problems with this.  I'm 50 years old and 10 minutes ago I was outside having a cig.  I was going to fart and told my dog that I better sit for this because it feels like something is in front of it.It's a completely different feeling.
I got to teach a Chinese exchange student the word 'shart' because this topic came up. I'm so happy. 
I'm adding this to my life quotes.
A good relationship is like a fart. If you have to force it, it's probably shit. 
My boss and I have a 40 dollar bet going for the first person to shart on the jobsites to pay up. We don't always have toilets there so you're farting around muck. Someone's bound to lose. 
This is becoming the new broken arms. Every single thread.
This is the best way I've yet heard it described.
For anyone outside of the USA that's paracetamol.There's a good reason the EU was trying to reduce the dosage a few years ago(current recommendation says no more than 1.3 grams per 3 hours, but organ damage can occur at as little as 1.5, the proposed recommendations would have made it 1 gram per 4 hours).
Especially if you drink. Do Not take tylenol. It'll blow out your liver.
What do you mean they don't advertise it? It's on the ingredients list on the box, if you don't know how to read don't take medications out of random boxes!
Life, uh, finds a way.
Childbirth is not automatically an emergency, no need to fear monger. Sure if you have gestational diabetes, preeclampsia, placenta previa, a fetus in breech position, are pregnant with multiples, are of advanced maternal age, and/or obese, then YES, you should make sure you have appropriate medical care and be in a hospital surrounded by a knowledgable team of doctors/nurses who are helping you deliver your baby. It IS a medical emergency in most of those cases. If you're under 30, normal weight, and no diabetes, preeclampsia, etc, then barring some catastrophe, you will be fine. It doesn't happen to go right for most people - it's that most people fit into the second group. 
Disagree.The vast majority of deliveries are uncomplicated and with good prenatal care can be successfully screened and risk stratified. Doing this has decreased infant and maternal mortality significantly. 
[deleted]
I shake my head every time I see a pro skier, especially park skiers, who do not use helmets. Such a fucking stupid thing to skip, just for the looks.You won't look cool with a crack in your head with brain remains everywhere on that rail
Yup! Co-worker was skiing with his family and had an accident. His rib punctured his lung. Dead before he was at the bottom of the mountain. 
Who thinks that skiing is not risky at all? If you lose control, you are absolutely fcked. I lost control of my speed at a relatively high point of the pist. As I was going down full speed, the only thing I could think was this is how I die. By some miracle I managed to to finish it without falling, but I had to take a few minutes at where I was standing to process what had happened.
It's the rules of the mountain tho
I know a guy who destroyed his knees because he fell and went tumbling down a hill and the ski boots didn't detach from the skis. 
One of my teachers in high school was wheelchair bound due to a skiing accident that broke his back. He taught geography and sports.
Was skiing in notorious conditions for new England, got to the bottom, was forced by people in my way to go straight and I hit a patch of asphalt, my momentum was stopped immediately and I hit the ground, my gopro mount fell off and without that helmet I wouldve gotten brain damage, I got a concussion.
Fun fact Justin Trudeau's brother or oncle, I'm not sure, died skiing...
Ugh. Just the other day I was happily browsing AskReddit then clicked on this link... [http://i.imgur.com/8f4nevx.png](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dQw4w9WgXcQ) almost lost my appetite after seeing it.
I get anxiety sometimes before I do it.
Like when I advertise my innocent subreddit?  /r/NonNudeGirlsDancing/
https://www.avast.com/en-gb/index
A good policy to have that I need to be more strict with myself is to simply hover your mouse over the link in chrome (someone add the equivailent for other browsers i dont know them) and you can see where that link goes without clicking. seriously its not that hard just do it. 
I'm on chrome and usually if you hover over a link, then the actual link it's taking you to will show in the bottom left corner of the screen.
Microbiologist here, seriously we have treatment resistant chlamydia and syphilis and at least one of those have a strain which is LITERALLY untreatable. Be safe!
Pregnacnies 
I feel like most people around me give more thought to what they're going to have for breakfast than who they'll sleep with or the contraception they'll use. 
I haven't for like two years.. why isn't it safe? 
This happened at a veterinary office in a neighboring town. The office was in a 150+ year old house. It was the summer and one of the staff members plugged in an a/c in an outlet that already had several other items running off it. The wiring overheated and started a fire smoldering inside the wall, which  finally flashed over in the 2nd floor before anyone realized there was a problem. The building quickly burned to the ground and took three animals in post-surgery with it. No humans were killed, but one of the vets was injured trying to go in and get the rest of the animals. It was awful.
I feel like reddit needs to be reminded of this. 
Can confirm, feels like I'm dying every time I have to get out of bed in the morning.
There is something called the [2045 initiative.](http://2045.com/) This initiative is funded by Russian billionaires and it's objectives for immortality through nonbiological means are as follows: 1. To achieve the support of the International community and create conditions for international co-operation of interested specialists around the 2045 Initiative.  2. To create an international research center for cybernetic immortality to advance practical implementations of the main technical project  the creation of the artificial body and the preparation for subsequent transfer of individual human consciousness to such a body. 3. To engage experts in the selection and support of the most interesting projects in the quest to ensure technological breakthroughs.4. To support innovative industries and create special scientific education programs for schools and institutes of higher education.5. To create educational programs for television, radio and internet, to hold forums, conferences, congresses and exhibitions, and to establish awards and produce books, movies and computer games with the view of raising the profile of the initiative and spreading its ideas.6. To form a culture connected with the ideology of the future, promoting technical progress, artificial intellect, multi-body, immortality, and cyborgization. In summation, this initiative's goal is to scan your brain matter and find a way to transport consciousness from your biological body into an avitar, aka an android. 
There's no set amount you need. Drink when you're thirsty, people
2 litres a day is figuratively perfect!
Can you explain why?
Make sure you don't die of DVT. Keep moving your legs every now and then, or a clot might form in them and wind up in your brain.
Your blanket won't save you from that car that careens into your bedroom.
Also vampirism
And asbestos, toxic mold, loose floorboards, rusty nails, violent homeless...
Also literally juggling your coffee
I avoid this by driving so fast I don't dare take my eyes off the road.
My mom is the worst culprit. It didn't bother me much until I started driving. Now I wonder how I survived childhood.She puts on make-up, texts, eats, drinks (not alcohol), and has full blown arguments, all while driving on the highway during a snowstorm.
Ha! Last week, I was walking my dog in the pouring rain. I see a couple of mormons on bikes who come up and try to stop me for their speech. My dog has a fear of bikes, and is visibly in distress, plus I'm already soaked to the bone, so I flatly said my dog doesn't like you and kept walking. It felt good. 
The money is great though. Plus, in the event a huge asteroid will crash into earth, you and your crew might get the call from NASA to save the world by destroying the asteroid. 
Carpenter here. How's the view from the top of the deadly jobs? I roof a little and farm some too. Going for the hat trick. 
Sounds risky
Absolutely. The internet is full of videos of dudes who got into a macho bro fight, and someone ended up breaking their neck on a curb or countertop and dying. 
Good thing in the US smell is no longer a valid reason to search. 
Adding to this, living in Australia.
People die at the fair. 
A friend of a friend had blacked out next to a deep fryer and when he fell, both arms went right into the oil. So that's terrifying.
How the fuck do they hurt themselves so much?I've been working at five guys for a bit over 3 years and burns requiring burn cream aren't that common, even with hordes of new hires...
They should probably stop cooking. A burn here and there is fine. I doub5 long sleeves will help them.
People aren't even able to be honest in fear of somebodu disliking them. And you want them to give others work?
More people need to know this. Life isn't Facebook or Reddit. Comments aren't necessary for everything you see. You're not getting likes and upvotes for being a clever dick in real life.  I almost jawed some fuckhead the other day for saying damn sure good thing I didn't have my pistol when I startled him.   Restraint won that day but I cussed him out while I paid for my food and fuel. 
Yes to all of the car seat things. Car seats are for cars. If your child is in one they need to be properly secured and placed on a safe surface where a fall is not likely. 
So I shouldn't have let that mentally ill guy on the corner borrow my bomb?
http://www.funnyordie.com/videos/f75b50477c/finger-babies
Why? 
I hate homework in almost every class, a couple papers to write and 3 tests to get ready for.... and here I am
> heart racing orgamsI'm curious now
Who the fuck has 460V in their house?  I've never seen 3 phase in standard residential wiring, only 120/240. 
Take em all. Take em right. I hope to scare everyone into doing it.
Because if all the bacteria isn't wiped out, it can morph and become resistant to that particular antibiotic. Then be passed onto the next person who now has a bacterial infection that cannot be killed with X antibiotic anymore. Not only harmful to you, but the populous at large. We now have a superbug in the US that was identified by scientists that no antibiotic currently known to man can eradicate. Scary shit.
The bacteria that don't get wiped out by the amount of antibacterial that you have taken have survived due to resistance. These bacteria that don't die reproduce at quick rates and pass on their resistance to future cells creating entire populations that are resistant to antibacterials.Edit: to point out why this is dangerous, the tl;dr is that you create super bugs that we cannot cure. 
Because the virus/infection may not be completely dead even though symptoms have stopped, and this give the bacteria a tolerance for the drug in future
It's gonna cost a lot more when she has to go to the doctor again after not taking her antibiotics. 
no
Antibiotics work by flooding your body, making it an inhospitable place for bacteria. Steroids are most often used to reduce inflammation, and won't normally interact with any sort of infection.
There's times when I realize the people who live out in the middle of bumfuck no where with nothing but a small town nearby are truly the smartest people alive.
And everyone else is carrying a shotgun as well, and you have no idea if they are able to adequately handle or control a shotgun.
Including yourself 
So why don't you go back in time and kill Hitler?
That's what's always scared me driving. Its the thought that I could sneeze and then accidentally swerve to the left and I killed a person, or two, etc
Wtf are you driving that's 50000 pounds? 
Granted, I'm from New York state so I've always driven in snow, but it's hardly different from driving in rain or anything. Just go slow and be cautious. 
To be fair, the South is woefully unprepared. Salt trucks and plows are virtually nonexistent, nobody thinks it's necessary to get snow tires for the once or twice a year it actually snows... I've lived all over the east coast and it's just as much that the infrastructure and equipment aren't there in the south that people are shit drivers. It's easier (and probably cheaper) to just shut everything down and hope people don't drive
Driving is usually the most dangerous thing we do! 
 I don't just know a guy, I am that guy!  And I still always wear my seatbelt now. I was young and stupid and I realize it was a 1 in a million thing.
That was me. I was a teenager. A friend of mine slid off the road and a tree branch came through the window. If she would've had the seatbelt to hold her back from getting tossed into the steering wheel she might have died. Fast forward several years, I was in an almost head on collision. The other car made an illegal left turn over a divided highway. I was in the passenger seat. I flew up, hit my head on the windshield, the top of my thighs slammed into the glove compartment, and the airbag hit me in the stomach (the only thing that kept me from being ejected from the car). Three cracked ribs, extensive muscle damage to my thighs, and a knot the size of a baseball the left side of my forehead. Took two weeks to walk on my own again, a month to being able to go from sitting to standing and vise versa without help, and three months to get back to normal... Now my car doesn't move until EVERYONE has a seatbelt on. Don't like it? Get the fuck outta my car. 
I know a guy who refuses to wear a seatbelt because his friend died in a car accident and was strangled by the seatbelt. Apparently once the police stopped him for not wearing it but when he explained why they said it was okand let him go. Yeah.... that happened.
My great uncle just died from driving drunk and not wearing a seat belt, really makes me more certain i'm gonna be smarter than that. 
That's my uncle. He was thrown into the passenger's side onto his passenger and the driver's side was completely destroyed. Had his seatbelt kept him there he'd have been done for.But yeah, wear your seatbelt folks. Chances are your accident won't be one where wearing it worsens your odds of making it out alive.
There's plenty of videos online of people being 'thrown clear' from car crashes. Watching a few of those will cure any desire to experience the same thing.
That person was me. Missing a stop sign going 60mph, getting t-boned, and spinning out into a tree would have killed me if not for the seatbelt. I'm just happy that I nagged my passanger enough that day to make him put his on
I saw a woman in her flipping van get shot straight out onto the road and where she was sitting was crushed. Although I agree that overall wearing the seatbelt is statistically safer
THIS. Just because Dale Earnhardt died because of his seat belt jammed doesn't mean that it will happen to you too...
wtf is hamburger skin?
And besides, we've all had to break too fast.  Without the seatbelt, I could've moved around a bit and not had as good of control of my car.  People think seatbelts are just for when you hit stuff.The scariest moment for me driving was when I hit black ice and fishtaled.  I hit the breaks and drove into the big grassy area between the lanes of the divided highway.  I am so glad I was in the left lane.Without a seatbelt, I bet I would've fallen and who knows what then
I'm that chick. Flipped a car and the roof of the passenger side was caved in. I was the passenger. Always wear my seatbelt now tho!
Can confirm, have yet to break my arm driving my car. Most riders recognize it's not *if* they crash, but *when*.
Have crashed a motorbike in Thailand and still have a large road rash scar on my arm, apparently some people call them a Thai tattoo.  I was shocked by how many tourists had bike related injuries on the islands, many who hadn't crashed had exhaust burns.I ride regularly now in the UK and never underestimate the danger, it keeps you grounded although you can't ever account for other road users. 
I couldn't find a figure for that, but I could find data showing that about 87% of people use a seatbelt and the 10-20% not wearing a seatbelt account for almost half(45%) of the fatalities(around 47% wearing a seatbelt and 8% unknown).Based on these figures wearing a seatbelt reduces your risk by about 73% (according to some admittedly very, very rough back of an envelope calculations).https://crashstats.nhtsa.dot.gov/Api/Public/ViewPublication/812262
I've never ridden a motorcycle(unless you count a few short test drives of friends' dirtbikes) but every time I see someone riding around with just a t-shirt and shorts I cringe at how if they wiped out they'd end up as a meat crayon.
I tried saying this to a guy, who on a first date informed me that he:        1. Hates condoms and will never wear them b/c they are 'unhealthy'           2. Hates the fact that I am on birth control, even though I made it **VERY** clear my medical information is not his business at this point               3. Thinks virgins are stupid and there is no way anyone could just not have sex       4. Thinks that his ex never got pregnant, strictly because of his incredible pull out skills           5. Is against ALL forms of abortion          &nbsp;          He didn't laugh. Less than a year after that first(/only) date... he was a parent. I dodged a fuckin bullet, I tell ya what. 
That's what my mom says about the rhythm method.
I've been using it for 3 years I'm either sterile or really good at pulling out.
My wife and I use this method. There are only two times we didn't. We have two kids.
I hope this is an Outlander books reference, because that is one of my favorite scenes in the entire series. 
or natural forms of birth control
As an addition, if you're not using condoms because it's more pleasurable, all of that pleasure goes out the window if you get an STD or child.Unless you're a guy and just leave the woman with child. Then you're going straight to hell when you die.
Honestly I think it's less a poor problem and more a deliberately shitty education problem--at least here in the U.S.
>girl who was very religious, who used the pull out methodIf you're very religious, aren't you supposed to not have sex?
Haha.  Birth control can be such a crap shoot sometimes. I took a college class on the stuff, so I wasn't exactly ignorant. Went on depo because it seemed to be the best in terms of efficacy and minimal user error. Never missed a shot. I got pregnant with my daughter in less than a year. 
Me too! Had adverse reactions to hormonal birth control in the past so I've been off it for about 4 years. BF and I usually use the pull-out method. No scares, no issues for about 1 &1/2 years. Used a condom - tore. Took plan B the next morning. Currently expecting our little guy in less than 3 months. 
It's okay to use this horribly unreliable method of birth control because I personally didn't get pregnant while using it is some pretty bad advice.In a given year, of those people who can get pregnant who use pulling out as their method of birth control during PiV sex, 4% will get pregnant ***even*** *if their partner does it perfectly* ***every single time***. When you look at those whose partners don't always get the timing right, that number leaps all the way up to 27%, or *more than 1 in 4*. ([x](https://www.plannedparenthood.org/learn/birth-control/withdrawal-pull-out-method))If withdrawal works for you and your husband, great. That's your business. But please stop encouraging other people to do it, *especially* in a context of a discussion of things that are riskier than people realize.
I read an article that I can't find at the moment that said something along the lines of the pull out method not actually being that bad. It's just very easy to fuck up, so sexual education tends to dismiss it altogether as useless--that way, young people are forced to use other contraception to feel safe.
To be fair, precum can impregnate (and pulling out before that happens would mean pulling out after a few seconds).
Precome still has some sperm in it however, so be aware you are still risking it. Especially since the pull out method seems to be used a lot by younger couples and your period doesn't settle into a steady rhythm for a while.Condoms, pull out, spermicide, the pill, IUDs, the shot, timing-- Whatever you use just try to research it. Almost everything has a small chance of pregnancy.
It's definitely a calculated risk and tracking your ovulation schedule is used in a lot of countries without access to birth control
.28 is a pretty high BAC.BAC = .25-.30 = Drinkers display general inertia, near total loss of motor functions, little response to stimuli, inability to stand or walk, vomiting, and incontinence. Drinkers may lose consciousness or fall into a stupor.BAC = .30-.50 = Symptoms are complete unconsciousness, depressed or absent reflexes, subnormal body temperature, incontinence, and impairment of circulation and respiration.
Did you mean .028? Because like everyone else said, .28 is pretty damn drunk
I am very sorry for your loss, but not all medications are extremely dangerous to take with alcohol. I take a number of medications for chronic problems... I also drink moderately. I discuss this with my doctors, and it's ok. Your cousin was probably mixing alcohol with opiates, muscle relaxers, etc. And it was a LOT of alcohol. All of that is bad news. 
I hear you, I have kneepains when the weather sucks (as in below 0 degrees C). My doctor told me that being immobile for long periods of time is bad, it can cause clots (according to him). But just walking around some every other hour is good. And you seem to do just that even though you're in pain. Stay strong and keep walking as much as you feel like you can :)
I always try and use 30' of my lunch break to just walk around the office. It really does make a difference. I'm pretty much fucked now due to a knee injury but I hope I can get back to it as soon as possible. Also, I try not taking lifts if possible! 
Doctors recommend 10,000 steps (minimum) but I heard the average in the US is around 6,000
Is there any place except the US that actually has people persecuted for this?
The outside is a trap. Don't do it. You're right to stay inside.
Electrical fire starts in your room and the door handle falls off as you try to escape.  Windows are nailed shut and you die from the smoke inhalation. 
You've got black mold...also, pancreatic cancer.
Shh! Don't give let everyone know that. It's important that we keep it a secret.
Away with you and your precision and your definitions and your accuracy of words!
That, along with the false vacuum death of the universe, are what send me into momentary panic attacks as I'm falling asleep at night.
Shh! That's a secret!
Good example! It's too easy to get swept up in chaotic things. If you think you're far enough away, you're not.
If they fly into or out of the US all commercial aircraft have to have made all repairs in accordance with the manufacturers guidelines and FAA directives. 
Yeah I work for a major airline in a related career and that's definitely not true. Most maintenance bases are also the big hubs. 
Went over so many heads...
Noob. BTH is a soft gateway drug. Wait until you crave for downloading cars
There's an area on your face called the triangle of death. When you pop a pimple within it, you run the risk of either forcing some of the pus deeper beneath your skin, or introducing harmful bacteria to the site. In either case, you can develop an infection which can lead to blindness, paralysis, and even death.
Yup. I kept getting an infection under a tooth. My hometown dentist didn't do anything after the infection just went away with some antibiotics. A couple years later (with the infection coming back like clockwork every year) I went to a new guy who was flabbergasted that nothing had been done. The infection had spread so far into my jaw that he said unchecked for much longer, would have paralyzed it. Got a root canal, and have been great since! Scary shit though. 
F
Rip
I have to ask, have you been PM'ed many cute octolings? :D
It's pretty crazy to me when I think about it.It's also why I feel so uneasy when I see people PLASTER their social, public, networks with their babies and kids. You shouldnt live your life in constant paranoia, but you do need to realize that there are bad people out there and/or people do crazy things when they're upset (past employees, distant family, etc), and you need to be aware of how easily you are to find.
It scared the bejezus out of me when I first heard about exif, and I had to get to college before it happened. Though nowadays I'd bet my bottom dollar that most of them still wouldn't care
Facebook doesn't removed EXIF data like imgur? You can truly do that? Fucked up
Jeez, the amount of people on my Facebook feed who post their brand new house they just bought, address and all is ridiculous. Same with their kids names, schools, city they live in. It's scary what people can do with that information. 
I know you're being funny, but people stalk for all kinds of reasons. A crazy ex friend stalked my family for a while out of revenge for expecting her to pay her rent. She probably still tries to get information but we have been good at keeping it hidden.
50 miles per hour?
So, never trust an old fart.
I never understood it either until I had dairy for the first time in a long time, and... yeah... it feels like it would be a fart, but is actually liquid poo. Legit farts can and do precede it, which can make it confusing. Luckily I read enough about not trusting farts on reddit to not take my chances. Thanks reddit! 
Haven't you ever had a stomach bug or illness that made it all just fall out at any given time? No pressure, no muscle movement, just hours on the toilet in case there's a surprise landing? 
For anyone in the USA, paracetamol is acetaminophen, both of which are the generic name for Tylenol.A handful of my friends did not know that lol
I mean that having liver failure from taking both Nyquil and Tylenol at the same time is a really easy mistake to make. To not make this mistake you have to:1) Be aware that taking a little bit more than the recommended dose of Tylenol is a dangerous. This isn't obvious, because it's an over the counter drug that most people have in their house, which is marketed as safe. 2) Suspect that Nyquil might have Tylenol in it, and go out of your way to check. Nyquil is marketed as a cough and sleep medicine. Why would you check?3) Know that acetaminophen (what's printed on the ingredients list) and Tylenol  are the same thing.I think that an average person could easily forget/ be unaware of one of those three things.
Holds on to ur butts!
Aww. I'm under 30, normal weight with no diabetes or preeclampsia and I almost died giving birth. :(
In the last two years three of my family members had life threatening complications from pregnancy. All of them fit in the latter category. Shit goes wrong in healthy pregnancies all the time. 
I should also point out that a fetus can turn around at any point before labor and be in breech. It's not like you always have warning.
You need to take that word 'simply' out of your sentence. For many women, it is not a case of 'simply' getting an abortion. Even an abortion (though very rarely) can go wrong and cause long-lasting damage. Access to abortion is not a right given to many women across the world. 
AgreedIMO it doesn't even look cool - just stupid
I don't think a helmet would have fixed that tho....
he probably had his DIN-setting way too high. That or telemarker
Liam Neesons wife also died, just walking in ski boots without a helmet. Slipped on some ice. It actually put a spotlight on the issue and helped many people realize helmets were a good idea. 
That is sick. What kind of people would do that?
I've been caught out by this so many times I'm surprised I don't know the link address from memory. Still click, I guess I'm never gonna give it up
Didn't click
damn..
[Thank fuck for thumbnails](https://imgur.com/gallery/Yvh2Z)
/u/ClicksOnLinks
Holy shit it's changed since the last time I saw it.
Am I pregant?
I believe your teeth can go back to where they were before you had the braces
Not wearing retainers isn't unsafe, it's more you're going to waste your money and years of pain/discomfort of wearing braces due to your own neglect. The point of retainers is to RETAIN the shape of your teeth post-braces, so they don't shift back to their previous ugly places. If in the two years your teeth haven't changed much then dont bother fretting. 
There used to be a popular subreddit full of people who would remind others of it, but admins thought they got too enthusiastic.
This is getting downvoted, but it's actually the [current leading recommendation](http://www.smithsonianmag.com/smart-news/forget-your-hydration-rules-just-drink-when-youre-thirsty-180950290/).
There's no universally correct target amount of water to drink every day.On average, [women need 2.7 liters and men need 3.7 liters of water per day](http://www.nationalacademies.org/hmd/Reports/2004/Dietary-Reference-Intakes-Water-Potassium-Sodium-Chloride-and-Sulfate.aspx) *total* from *ALL* sources, including food and caffeinated beverages (which unlike alcohol still have a net hydrating effect).But averages are pretty meaningless when we're talking about a specific individual's needs, which will depend on your size, the climate you're in, how much you sweat, how much you're physically exerting yourself, your metabolism, etc. And that's *before* you even factor in how much water you're gaining from other sources (or losing from diuretics like alcohol or medication).The good news is, our bodies are actually really good at regulating their own water intake. Instead of focusing on drinking a specific amount of water every day, [just drink when you're thirsty](http://www.smithsonianmag.com/smart-news/forget-your-hydration-rules-just-drink-when-youre-thirsty-180950290/). For the overwhelming majority of people, that will keep you hydrated just right.
It is kind of disingenuous in the way he presents it. Your body keeps a very careful balance of electrolytes across the membrane and tissue between your vessel lumen and interstitial fluid. This balance creates diffusion potentials which control osmotic and molecular flow across that membrane. Your body regulate the amount of Na+ in your blood, drinking a lot of water in a short period of time causes hyponatremia, low serum salt levels. This messes with your physiology, and if low enough can be lethal. However you have to drink a fuck ton of water in a very short period of time.It is why athletes aren't advised to chug water during games. Their water levels are supposed to very tightly regulated. You are sweating out a lot of your salt as well. So if you are drinking a lot of water too, you are making yourself more and more hyponatremic. That said, a lot of water over the course of a day spread out relatively evenly is for the most part fine. A lot of water being >4L M, >3L Female I'd say. If you plan to drink that much, talk to a doctor or nutrionist about your reasons. 
I remember on the news a few years ago, super strict parents found out their child had soda at a friends birthday party. As punishment (and to cleanse his body) they forced him to drink a large amount of water. He died, and they were arrested. They still stood by what they did. 
well I am on the 2nd floor with my bedroom facing a walk way, if a car comes crashing in....well fuck it is my time to go.
Jeez. Could be worse I guess. Could have blacked out while driving?
Everyone always drops the baskets in too hard and makes it splash everywhere.
I feel you bro, 3 exams next week starting on wednesday and it took me just 7 mins to reply you.. procastinating on a whole new level
Y-You're scaring me /u/SarahTonein please stop.
This reminds me of something that really pisses me off. I was in jail being held without bail for something and I'd developed a tooth-ache. It got infected and I begged and begged for antibiotics. Finally after TWO WEEKS of the side of my face throbbing and swelled up double the size, they give me antibiotics that I need to take 3 times a day. Ok I thought, finally some relief will come soon. I'd get up and go get them whenever the nurse came and she was supposed to come in the middle of the day along with other peoples medication they needed to take 3 times a day also. They would forget my antibiotics 5 or 6 days out of the week. I would go complain to them and they would tell me they'd be back with them. I wouldn't see them again until the next time they come for routine meds for everyone. Once I finished the cycle I was still swelled up so I asked if I could be on them a little longer. NOPE. they tell me I'll see the dentist soon and he'd tell me. I didn't see the dentist for another 2 months. Meanwhile, a few days after the antibiotics stopped, it started swelling up and getting painful again. I was beyond pissed. They wouldn't even give me tylenol or ibprofin. I'd buy them off other inmates who had prescriptions to them but would cheek them. I would put in a new medslip every. single. day. I cannot believe how badly my situation was handled. I seriously wanted to kill myself the pain was so bad, and I knew I could do nothing about it. of course I didn't, and I never told anyone that because if you even THINK about suicide they lock you in a cell naked strapped in a chair. I finally got to see the dentist and he pulled the tooth out. Cool. so after a few days the bleeding has gone and I'm somewhat back to normal... I felt around the area and holy. shit. HE MISSED A PIECE. He literally left a quarter of the tooth still in my mouth. He'd cracked it with something to pull it out in pieces. I ended up just having to suck it up and yank that piece out by myself. Christ prisoners are treated badly.. not to mention I HADEN'T EVEN BEEN CONVICTED OF A CRIME.I can't believe how inhumanely people are treated in facilities like those. insane.
Saying that the bacteria morph if they're not all wiped out isn't exactly accurate.Your body can handle a certain number of bacteria on its own. Antibiotics don't kill 100% of the bacteria, but they get them down to a manageable level where your body can finish off the rest.When you take only part of your course of antibiotics (say... enough that you start to feel better), you haven't eliminated the infection, or even beaten it down to a level where your immune system can finish it off. You've just killed off *some* of the bacteria who are vulnerable to that medication. The bacteria that were resistant to that antibiotic are the most likely to have survived, and now you've reduced their competition. There are still too many bacteria for your body to fight off on its own, so the infection flares back up again... Only this time, a much larger proportion of the bacteria in your system are ones that the same antibiotic won't help you fight.Here's a scenario to help you visualize how it works, /u/RXRXG2799. The numbers are all completely made up, but they show the basic concept of how an incomplete course of antibiotics helps resistant bacteria.You are sick because there are 1,000 bacteria in your body. 50 of them (5%) have a random mutation that makes them antibiotic-resistant. If you get the infection down to 100 bacteria, your body can take care of the rest from there.**Scenario 1:** You take your full course of antibiotics. This kills 90% of the total bacteria (900 regular bacteria), leaving 100 bacteria alive (50 regular, and 50 antibiotic-resistant). Your body kills the last 100 bacteria on its own. You're all better!**Scenario 2:** You only take your medication until you start to *feel* better, at which point you assume that it must have done its job and throw out the rest. However, it only killed 75% of the total bacteria (750 regular bacteria). This leaves 250 bacteria behind: 200 regular and 50 antibiotic resistant. Where the resistant bacteria were originally only 5% of the bacteria in your system, now they're 20% of the total. 250 bacteria is still much too many for your body to fight off on its own, so those bacteria start making more copies of themselves faster than your immune system can keep up with. Now you're back up to 1,000 bacteria... and *200* of them (20%) are antibiotic-resistant. Even if you took more of the same antibiotic and it killed off *all* of the regular bacteria, you'd *still* have too many in your system for your body to handle.
I had MRSA. MRSA is a flesh eating bacteria that evolved a resistance to almost all antibiotics. My lower back and hips were covered in deep boils, and it was starting to progress over the rest of my body. The only way it managed to get cleared was through blood transfusions and bags and bags of antibiotics. 
A really common example of antibiotic resistance occurs a lot *Mycobacterium tuberculosis* (causes tuberculosis) as explained above if you don't finish your prescriptions you run the risk of not killing all the bacteria - the surviving bacteria believe it or not can replicate very quick which results in the formation of antibiotic resistant strain of tuberculosis.Normal antibiotics will no longer work on the strain since they have developed a resistance to it which equals dead you.Lesson here is to listen to your prescription instructions and treat every infection as it could kill you, cause they can 
Carbapenem resistant enterobacteria, yup. My hospital actually had people sit and watch to make sure anybody going into an infected patient's room performed hand hygiene going in and out, because it's that untreatable. Scary shit
Antibiotics won't kill a virus.  There's really isn't any medicine that can kill a virus.  Only vaccines that trick out bodies to build immunity.  Hence no cure for aids, herpes and so on.  Maybe one day a vaccine will be made for that stuff hopefully.  Common misconception that antibiotics will help a cold or the flu.  Virus can cause you immune system to weaken and get secondary bacterial infections though. 
And this time she'll have a strain the doctor cannot prescribe against because that is all that has survived against what's she's already taken.
You're just describing Texas at this point.
Yep and some of them are in disturbed states of mind or intoxicated to begin with.
He's telling you to lose weight
[Probably these](https://www.carwow.co.uk/best/ten-best-50k-cars)
Something something someone's mom
OPs mom.
Your mom. 
How would of it been worse if you were wearing a seat belt?Genuinely curious
My dad too.  He was t-boned at an intersection (his co-worker ran a red light) and he ended up on the driver's lap in the driver's seat.  The passenger seat ceased to exist.
OP please deliver, fascinated to hear
Was it difficult to ride in cars again after that happened? 
> Apparently once the police stopped him for not wearing it but when he explained why they said it was okand let him go.Sure, they did. Suuuuuuurrrrrre.
I'm sorry for your loss. It can't be easy to process something like that. My dad is a chronic risk taking drinker who drives drunk way too often. I always worry he's going to kill someone or himself. 
Damn, did he have any serious injuries? 
I thought he died because they had invented a new, safer seatbelt that he refused to use? Or was that someone else?
Road rash, missing chunks of skin. Guessing in this case it was meatloaf skin because there was the added ingredients of glass and gravel and dirt.
Thanks for that wasn't doubting your initial comment, just curious is all.
I always love when you ask them about it. I plan to stay upright. Well, so do I, but I'd rather keep my skin if that plan fails. Thanks to my gear, I survived a crash that could've very easily have been fatal (slid a fair distance on the pavement and hit my head pretty hard) with a broken arm and some bruises.
I'd laugh at his misfortune, but some poor kid is gonna have to deal with him as a dad. What a twat.
Boy I tell you hwhat!
You mean Catholic Roulette? 
What's the rhythm method?
She was also an engineering student, and was a very analytical and thorough thinker, but yet, used the pull out method, despite there being free condoms on campus.The mystery.
Um, I said it was anecdotal, I included the caveat that my periods are regular and that I'm in declining fertility, and I said that people are welcome to ignore what I say. Just trying to spread info on how to do the pull out method in a safer way since people will almost certainly do it anyway!
Yeah, I agree. I think people fuck it up by waiting too long. You have to know when to pull out. I think people should use contraception, especially if they're not in a monogamous long term relationship, but since people will do it anyway, I think they should know the safest way. 
No it doesn't. Precum has no sperm in it. The only way it contains sperm is if there was already left-over sperm in the urethra. The pull out method is as effective as condoms when done properly. Doing it properly is the part people struggle with. 
I'm pretty sure I read that precum can't impregnate. I used to be a sex educator, so I read a LOT about this stuff, but it was 10 years ago, so I'm not up to date. To be clear, I didn't endorse the pull out method when I was a sex educator, and I passed out loads of condoms, but I did read a lot. Ah, this is from google: Pre-seminal fluid does not contain any sperm, meaning the fluid itself cannot get you pregnant. However, if sperm is left behind in the urethra from a previous ejaculation, it can come in contact with the fluid. ... So, can you get pregnant from pre-ejaculate? Yes, but rarely.Dec 7, 2015That last part is key and I forgot to mention that!! Don't use the pull out method if you've already ejaculated. I actually am always careful of that; can't believe I forgot to mention it. 
Precome only has sperm in it if there is pre-existing sperm in the urethra. If the man hasn't just ejaculated that day, and has urinated before hand, there should be no sperm in the precome
From google: Pre-seminal fluid does not contain any sperm, meaning the fluid itself cannot get you pregnant. However, if sperm is left behind in the urethra from a previous ejaculation, it can come in contact with the fluid. ... So, can you get pregnant from pre-ejaculate? Yes, but rarely.Dec 7, 2015I forgot to mention this very important part of pulling out - don't do pull out if you've already ejaculated earlier! PSA, people! Also, I agree - life, uh, finds a way and there is a chance of pregnancy with everything! Fuck responsibly people! Knowledge is power. 
Precum only has sperm if there's some left in your urethra after the last time you came, which would really only happen if you hadn't peed since the last time you had sex.
I was going to say that. .28 is HUGE. I've had to go to the hospital with a BAC of under that.. I think the highest I've ever had was around .4~ ... I don't remember exactly how much but it was the highest they'd ever seen if I remember correctly. Luckily I'm very sober these days :) 
That depends highly on tolerance though. My friend blew a .36 and the police report noted that he was and I quote surprisingly coherent.
0.028 would be maybe half a beer? That's nothing.
Very much this. I would even say that overstating the dangers of mixing alcohol and medication is a big reason that people don't take you seriously when you're talking about a *genuine* interaction.It's also important to understand exactly what the interaction is. For example, I know I'm fine to drink in combination with my particular ADD medication, because the danger isn't from an interaction per se: rather, the stimulant effect of the meds makes it harder for me to gauge how intoxicated I am, so it's easier to drink a lethal amount of alcohol without feeling that drunk. Since there's no danger of alcohol poisoning if I'm merely drinking at a normal rate versus drinking to get drunk, I know it's fine to have a few beers when I'm out with friends or watching movies with my roommate.
I'm on a med that interacts with the liver so basically taking anything else that can fuck up your liver is a NO!  No Paracetemol, no Codeine.Keep Alcohol to an absolute minimum and only have low % stuff, RARELY.  Like...I've had two standard drinks in 3 months.  I still ended up with liver pain because of it.
Thank you, I hope you live somewhere warm. Weather related pain exacerbation blows!
Looking at my S Health history, 10k is my daily goal, which I almost always make! I feel better now.
I don't know and there's no way I'm googling what countries prosecute for child porn
You could get e coli at home too!
Im sure the quality is fine but going out of your way to use cheap labor always looks negative in my opinion
Pfft, I'll never get hooked on downloading cars. 
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Danger_triangle_of_the_face
Welp. Never touching my face again.
I guess you just saved my life because I've popped many a spot in the triangle of death and never knew about that? Never popping a spot again.
I only get pimples there. Well fuck.
I prefer the term Maxillofacial Death Pyramid.
I popped pimples there before, wtf.
[Oops.](https://youtu.be/CduA0TULnow?t=37s)
TFW you suddenly learn how lucky you are to still be breathing.
I had a similar experience except I started at a doctor after recurring pain in my face, throat and tongue. I figured it was my teeth but didn't have dental insurance. He told me it was probably a sinus infection and loaded me up with an antibiotic and pain meds. I spent three days in bed feverish and in terrible pain getting worse instead of better before someone told me to get my butt to a dentist. I got an out of pocket root canal ($$$$) and admonishment from the dentist to never let things go that far again. 
Age, that muscle gets lazy
Username checks out
No, kilometers. 
Yes, but I knew to be on the toilet.  Those are the times you call in sick to work because you can't trust yourself on the commute.
This is life after gall bladder gets removed :/
I think they were referring as skiing being dangerous in general part. 
It's a perfectly safe image. Go ahead and click on it.
Can i get prengt if he had a comdom on?
Pregante
Not that I know of, but it is your cake day!
Let me edit my post.
Good. Now take that last dose of penicillin, get yer ass to bed and rest.
That is completely illegal. Estelle v Gamble established a crystal clear right to medical care in jail. IANAL but you may have a legal case to pursue here. Pain and suffering are damages, and you could potentially also get injunctive relief to protect future jail detainees. 
Sounds like you were in Lee County Jail. County is a nightmare. You are guilty until proven guilty.
Were you guilty though? You say you weren't convicted but I'm just interested. Not saying that this justifies any of the inhumane treatment that you received- even if you had been convicted; I'm furious on your behalf.
Frick you're lucky you didn't get endocarditis, you might have needed open heart surgery 
Plus you're more likely to spread the contagion even after you feel better if you don't finish the course, thus also spreading these resistant bacteria.
That may be how the human immune system works but this isnt the reason that taking a partial course is dangerous. Bacterial divide insanely fast and as such are incredibly resilient due to their ability to evolve to respond to external stimuli. Bacteria divide about once or twice an hour. Each division allows about 10 mutations. If you have, as per your example, 1000 bacteria, this means 100 mutations per hour. Now, a single mutation is unlikely to confer resistance to antibiotics. However, over time these mutations can accumulate in the same individual bacterium. As evolution of species occurs over long time scales, so does emergence of traits. If you kill everything so fast a trait cannot arise you win. If you leave stragglers the trait can arise. THIS is why not finishing a course is dangerous. It actually has little to do with how the human body fights infection, which is why antibiotics work so well.
Wait so what happens next in the second scenario? I assume they don't just die
MRSA itself is not resistant to almost all antibiotics. Generally we test for Oxacillin resistance and infer resistances from there.  Also, it's generally not necrotizing (flesh-eating, as some say). Necrotizing fasciitis can be caused by a few different kinds/groups of bacteria.Many of us carry some methacilin resistent Staph. au. around with us all the time. It's when it gets into places in shouldn't be or takes over as the predominant organism where it shouldn't that it is a problem. Source: I culture, test and QC MRSA (and other bugs) everyday.
Ya, MRSA is scary. My dad got MRSA from a normal blister on his heel. After about a week the doctors told him to be prepared for the possibility of having his leg amputated. 
[Kevin Randelman had some seriously bad Staph that luckily wasn't MRSA. That shit is no joke.](https://encrypted-tbn1.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcQBho-vs_MsXCm6YeHtdiJAVmppcmcDQP6PV9_LYlovgsoVo_6p_Q)
Total drug resistent TB found in Iran and.... Sudan? just a few years back. Not multi-drug resistent (MDR, but XDR). Thatsa noa good.Psuedo. Aeru. is a scary one as well. Highly mutable.
I've been in the medical field most of my life. The average person would flip out if they truly knew what goes on in hospitals and dr's offices.
Antivirals exist, they don't stop a virus though, simply slow it down so your body can kill it faster/easier.>Antibiotics won't kill a virus.  There's really isn't any medicine that can kill a virus.I really feel I have to say this too, viruses aren't alive, they can't be killed because they're not alive(also why some viruses can be fine in stupidly insane conditions that would kill pretty much anything else). I know you're talking about destroying/denaturing, but the distinction is important enough to mention.
That still sounds like Texas.
I love you
I was 18 years old and drunk. Passed out on a highway doing about 80 mph. My truck went into the ditch and went head on with an 18 culvert pipe that was ran under someone's driveway. It tore both axles off the truck on impact and sent the truck into a roll. The police think it rolled/cartwheeled about 8 or 9 times. I was thrown into a cornfield sometime durring the wreck and was picked up by someone driving by and dropped off at the hospital. When I went to get my belongings out of the truck at the impound a few weeks later I saw that the roof of the truck had been pushed down through the drivers seat basically cutting it in half lengthwise. If I would have been strapped in that seat instead of flying into a nice soft cornfield I would have been cut in half.
My dad got in a car accident where a car swerved lanes and slammed into him, he was pushed into the door and his steering wheel column lodged into his seat. He had some kind of off-roader with a five point harness and only didn't wear it because he was on a date with a girl in a skirt (super awkward if she had put hers on so he left his off to make her feel comfortable)So yeah had he had his seatbelt on he would've been fully impaled and probably die on the spot. Everyone in my family wore a seatbelt every car ride still
Decapitation or getting stuck inside a soon-to-explode vehicle are my only ideas.
I don't ride passenger ever. I would rather take two cars than ride passenger. That was the third accident I had been in where the car I was in was totaled. I wasn't driving in any of those accidents. The accident was December 17th, 2007 at about 6:20pm. To this day I get anxiety spikes when driving through intersections. Especially over divided highways. 
I don't think so, but it happened before I was born and it's been years since I heard the story, so can't really say with much certainty. Nothing long-term out of it though that's for sure.
> Guessing in this case it was meatloaf skin because there was the added ingredients of glass and gravel and dirt.WTF dude remind me to never come to your house for meatloaf night.  You gotta add bacon and some tomato sauce.
At least he'll have a lot of brothers and sisters to get along with.
Playing bass so you don't get laid
the other guy's joke is good, but in all seriousness - during some days of a woman's menstrual cycle, conception is much more likely to occur. So you can time gettin laid bareback if you know what you're doing
Religious dogma is an imposed mental illness.
Last time I was in the hospital, they didn't tell me what my BAC was. I heard them say it was remarkably high.Thankfully, I'm sober now as well! 
Shouldn't someone be dead/dying at around .3-ish?
I have similar problems - meds that make you sick and drowsy when combined with alcohol are fine when you drink very moderately but not so fine when you binge.  Mostly you'll just have a very bad time if you don't go slow and listen to your body. 
I do not. Sweden is not warm at all atm. But it's okay, I have those warming neoprene-kneesupportthings. I hope you will do much better soon, and I wish you and your family sunshine and joy :)
Keep it up dude!
More like which countries have reasonable judges.
What the shit
I popped a pimple there. Fuck.
Dude that Wikipedia image is creepy as fuck.
im not dead yet..
This now has me as a hypochondriac 
Used to get very deep cystic acne there as a young teenager... and I would pop and extract them anyway possible.I may be immortal.
Saved mine too... Now I have genuine motivation to defeat my self diagnosed Dermatillomania...
It [probably wouldn't be too bad](http://msgboard.snopes.com/cgi-bin/ultimatebb.cgi?ubb=next_topic;f=89;t=000499;go=newer)
Hate to break it to you, but your skin is trying to murder you.
Yep. The only reason I've ever shit my pants. 
Just so people actually know what is, it's a rick roll.Downvoting me isn't going to do anything. It pisses me off when people trick me and I'd imagine some others feel the same. So I do this.
How is babby formed?
Lawdy, this is grand. Thanks, I missed the first one.
but I'm allergic to penicillin.
Wait, inmates have free medical care in the US?
Good luck proving that. Some laws only exist on paper.
it was a county jail on the south coast of MA. Yeah county is insane. 
My husband has MRSA, his whole body is covered in scars and h constantly has something going on with his skin. We have tried everything but it never gets any better. We're also both HIV positive. Any ideas of something we could try to help?
Mmmm I gave my whole family mrsa whoops... thanks wrestling
That's fucking terrifying. Given the number of blisters I get on a regular basis (I row, it's uncommon for me NOT to have at least one blister on my hands), the idea that one can result in something that bad is awful.
I had a first last night, patient shat in the sink 
I agree alive can be a very subjective term.  A virus can have DNA and is able to reproduce.  Yes they can live in crazy environments.  So can bacteria and multicellular organisms.  Example being life existing on the ocean floor on the volcanic vents.  Anti virals mostly just inhibit the their ability to reproduce in the body if I remember correctly.  Basically just slowing them down.  Took Tamaflu once.  Can confirm it works well :) 
Who you callin' drunk?
When I lived in TX (1980s), drinking and driving was not only legal, but very socially accepted, perhaps even encouraged.  One employer I worked for offered a free class, on company time, on how to beat DUI charges, and they even served alcohol at the class- which started at 8AM, at work. Even to those who were starting their shifts as drivers.
The wearing of a seatbelt here seems like a footnote to the bigger point of DON'T DRIVE DRUNK. You luckily only ran off the road into a ditch instead of hitting another vehicle.
So the moral of the story is don't wear your seatbelt when you're drunk driving? Got it!
The fact that you were drunk when you landed is also what factored into your survival. Drunks usually don't tense up and so they absorb the impact better. Their victims aren't usually as lucky, tho. 
Five point harnesses are fucking useless if the vehicle doesn't have proper supporting mods to back it up. Properly bolted in racing seat, full body cage, and a helmet are essential. Otherwise you're just fucking yourself over.
that is a stupid reason not to wear a seatbelt
Wow. I can see why you don't trust other drivers. 
The last time I made meatloaf I was really tired and spacy. I forgot to add egg or bread crumbs and pulled greasy beef sludge out of the oven. It was so vile I won't be able to cook ground beef for a long time. 
Goddammit that hit a low note...
In theory.  In practice . . . congrats on the new baby!
It's not just during some days, for most women there's only roughly a 72 hour window every cycle where conception is even possible.
Awesome!! I like being sober (I was an addict too, heroin.. it's a big problem in MA.) more than being high/drunk. I've got over a year clean now so I'm doing OK!One thing I don't understand is all my 'clean' friends that I'd had won't talk to me anymore and I don't understand why. They were friends with me all through my addiction and then as soon as I get clean they just suddenly disappear.. ALL of them. My life's gotten way harder since I've got clean but I haven't turned to drugs/alcohol to cope at all so I guess I'm a little proud of that.
Umm...
The pyramids were a reminder to people to not pop zits.  The Sphinx did and its nose came off.
Seriously, I'm in my late 20s, been poppin shit on my face since I was like 15 and have never even heard of this.
Your ded 
I popped several pimples there. Major fuck.
You must be here.
am i gregnant?
Yes, by a strange quirk of our legal system, inmates are the only group with a right to medical care. Denying it is a violation of their 8th amendment rights. Think about it this way - if you're uninsured, you can still go from clinic to clinic until you find someone to treat you. But if you are held in a jail or prison, you don't have that freedom of movement and are at the mercy of the institution holding you. 
Technically, but the quality of that medical care is about what toothache guy experienced
Well, unfortunately the right can only be enforced by litigation, which means you have to have a solid case. It's been done successfully in quite a few places, though.  
That just sucks, you have my sympathies for however little that probably means.
Absolutely,  I'm not proud of many of the decisions I made as a young man.
Any stories that involve me when I was 18-25 years old have no morals. They usually give a pretty good idea of shit not to do though.
Instructions unclear: am dead
That really resonates with me. 
I'm a bit surprised by the stereotype though.  You think they'd get lucky more often since all they do is practice fingering the G over and over.  
I'm glad to be sober too, man. That's awesome you got s year, congrats!  I just picked up 6 months. I was doing heroin and opiates as well. That stuff is crazy. Idk what to tell you about people dissapearing on you. People are weird. Just keep on keeping on. Living sober is way harder.
They might not be as clean as they say? Also you might be better off with a new crowd? Good job though you're strong. 
Why umm?It seems so common sense that this should not be a crime, assuming consent of the people involved.
There was the case of the man who robbed a bank of $1, because he couldn't afford cancer treatment and knew he'd get healthcare in the prison. 
Quite an irony from my point of view, thanks for the info!
Oh, though some states do have laws on the books about having the right to recoup the costs of this treatment, but since most correctional patients are indigent, they rarely make the effort.
Yeah well try finding a local lawyer who will take on the police force and DA for less money than it would take to move somewhere else and buy a house. Seriously, there are indeed small victories here and there but not enough to change the institutional abuse that is rampant. When I was in jail I watched a duded get denied meds have a seizure. Same thing the next day except he broke his head open when he fell. They let him lay in a pool of blood for twenty minutes until EMT's arrived. The fire station was in throwing distance of the jail. You have no rights in jail. All you have is the hope that the people responsible for you aren't that bad. The system is corrupt.  When litigation does occur they either spread the blame until it's nobody's fault or they pretend it's just a bad apple. Nothing changes.
At least you made it through without any serious injury to yourself or others and were able to learn from it. It's a lot more than some people get.
https://thinkprogress.org/sick-oregon-man-robs-bank-for-one-dollar-to-get-health-care-in-jail-8e051bd580bf#.u0hfnbl9d
They like me. 
When noses have long nose holes. No idea what they are called. Its not the nose holes that make it attractive to me, it's how the whole nose looks because of the long nose holes. Not big noses tho This sounds so much weirder when's it's typed out Just googled it, they are called nostrils. Now I feel like and idiot 
I think a slight touch of darkness under the eyes can be strangely hot. It makes her look like she has character.
Big noses or noses with a pronounced bridge. Shadow under eyes. Small breasts. Stretch marks, especially on breasts, but also on hips.
I like women who possess noses with character.  And I *love* freckles. 
A little chubby, maybe dorky if you can call that an imperfection. That why i love my wife. 
Not a man and it's not really an imperfection but I know some girls absolutely hate it. I **love** freckles! They're the cutest thing ever!
Messy hair ?
When the stomach pops out a little gawwwddd. Also bad vision. Love girls with glasses 
it sounds really cliche but personality. 'hot' girls are all body, and while I may go damn she's attractive i never think about actually getting to know her etc.'cute' girls are where its at. they may be wider than your average girl, or have a weird face, but when they smile that imperfect smile something in me gets moved and that's the kind of girl i fall for, personally.
When a girl has some kind of flaw and she has the confidence to flaunt it rather than hide it, that's damn sexy. Like  Lady Gaga's nose or Megan Trainer's thickness. Gimmee summa dat!
Crying. When my wife cries, it shows me that she trust me with her feelings and thinks I'm caring/there for her. I like being thought of that way.
NSFW answer that isn't really an imperfection but that I know girls seem to really hate...Big labia. 
ITT as always, thirsty guys counting some normal stuff as imperfections and getting upvoted. The virgin concentration in these types of threads is like 99%
Define imperfection. Because a lot of small breasted women seem to be ashamed of their chest, but I love smaller boobs. If that counts.
I'm 6', but I'm dying to find a woman significantly taller than me. 
A few extra pounds. More bounce to the ounce
I. Love. Stubble. On legs. 
I LOVE resting bitchface.
A really slight lisp is ridiculously cute. Glasses fucking rock. 
I don't mind cottage cheese ass. 
Snaggletooth. I love girls with an odd pointing tooth. 
When they are so pale, you can lose sight of them in snow.
I give extra points to women over 5'9.
Craziness
Insanity, unfortunately. 
Scars.
They're not imperfections if I find them beautiful.
A little bit of crosseye
I'm sure I'm not alone on this one. Tina Fey has a scar on her face from a terrible childhood incident. I feel bad that she had to go through that, but the scar is kind of hot.
Daddy issues. 
Random, nerdy ramblings
Slightly crooked teeth = the best kissers. 
One of my ex girlfriends would make a face where her nose would scrunch up and wrinkle in a way that she hated but I thought was absolutely adorable.  Once I figured out what made her make that face it was my personal goal to get her to make that face.  She would be mildly frustrated and I would burst into a fit of laughter and snuggle her into submission.  Eventually she grew used to it.  and would laugh once she realized what had happened.  It is always the little things that get me and stick with me.Edit:  It really comes down to the little things that make them different.  The things that give them character and separate them.  How they deal with things they don't like can also say a million words about a person.
- Two front teeth slightly crooked. Not really noticeable, just something you can see if you're looking closely right at her teeth.- Pinky toe on each foot cocked off to the side. Like it was screwed on a half-turn too much and is facing just a little bit too far out.- Odd clusters of freckles. Especially right on the rib cage or side.- A little bit of a belly is cute. Especially if it's like from having kids or from losing weight. So the skin is a little loose.- Really narrow shoulders. Like so the girl can't keep a purse on or bra straps up without some degree of difficulty. - Any kind of small scar from childhood that has a story. Little mark on your chin from falling onto a picnic table? I'm there.- Hairs on the back of her head, right where her head meets her neck, that aren't long enough to get pinned in a ponytail, and fall freely like unsecured wires.- Joints that pop with a concerning volume and disturbing regularity. Rotate your wrist and I think a cement truck just hopped a curb and hit a parking meter? It's Friday and I'm in love.- A nearly eliminated accent that still shines through are fine. Bags and rags are fine, but you have to salute the flayeg. I'll catch it everytime.- Oh, and stupidly sensitive skin, so she can't shave as often as she'd like, so there are like, 4 hours a week, cumulative, where the balance between razor burn and leg stubble is acceptable, and her legs are delicate ivory pillars.**Source:** I love my wife.
Vulnerability.Edit: Before this gets misinterpreted, that way I can feel like a protector. I like it when I feel a women needs me or feels safe around me.
Front teeth gap can work for me 
Stretch marks on butts.
ITT: nose fetishists 
I'm a girl but I really love when girls have stretch marks. not sure why but I think mine look really attractive too. 
when they have a penis
Being tall, doesn't bother me as much as it does other guys
I'm weirdly attracted to Kristen Schaal. Her weird voice is hot.
I embody imperfection.
single grey hairs
Scars. A scar always has a story and makes me think the owner may be an interesting person.
A little bit of a stomach 
Over bubbly personality, the type where she can't go five minutes in a conversation without giggling.
I wear glasses. I find girls wearing glasses adorable.For some reason I've only dated a few girls who wear glasses... curse you overwhelmingly good eye sight!
All of them.
If I find it attractive it's certainly not a flaw to me
Not a man, but a lesbian. I love big noses and chub-chub. My girlfriend has both, but they're what makes her her. =)
I like ballerina feet, slightly crooked teeth, freckles. And beauty marks 
Well placed mole
Asymmetrical breast sizes. 
A strange smile 
If you like it, it's not an imperfection.Unless you really like meth addicts.
Used to be shyness, till I figured out that generally means they aren't interested.Now, I'd have to say having smaller curves. Petite women (cheerleaders, dancers, gymnasts, etc) seem to catch my eye easier than others.
Anybody here like lots of thick hair?? Its everywhere
Tooth gap, small pot belly. I've seen some girls that were otherwise perfect with small facial scars that I liked. Oh, also when girls are sweaty and a little bit stinky.
a lack of makeup.Note: I don't consider this an imperfection, but women seem to for some absurd reason.
Not a guy but an upturned nose. I find them really cute. I wouldn't call them an imperfection but I've heard girls complain about it before. 
Hairy asshole.
Light speech impediment..  I just think it's adorable and I love it. 
Hairy chicks. But cute face. And not super hairy, but thick eyebrows and arm/leg hair turn me on (even tame armpit hair.) Not really imperfections as it is natural, but I think a lot of guys would think otherwise. I like-a-the-bush, yeas, very nice.
Wouldn't call it an imperfection but... a chubby belly... like the one my wife has lol
Vitiligo is honestly kind of attractive to me. Not sure why, but I find the marbling of the skin really cool. Also, unique scars/skin markings. The scars that getting hit by lightning can leave behind on skin look phenomenal imo.
Lil' thickness 
I think big noses can be attractive. 
large noses
Lisps
I love a gap and or slightly bucked teeth.Felicity Jones is the epitome of this.
Crooked/imperfect teeth-for some reason I find them cute
Different sized boobs. My wife has a DD and a C. I get to experience two sizes with one person!
Thick thighs, round ass with cellulite. For some reason is more appealing to me than without.
Crooked teeth.
Freckles are considered an imperfection by a lot of people for some reason.I find them pretty hot.
Freckles. May not be an imperfection per se but I think they're cute. 
Slight over bight. Judge me. 
AND MESSY HAIR
I love snaggleteeth.
Not many specifics, it really just depends on whether or not they come across as nice or good looking. Could have imperfections and I'd be into them, or they're today's definition of a babe and I'm just not into them. Seems to be pretty random with me. Two things I would look for in someone is an easy-going attitude, and be understanding of others. Those would be deal breakers if they didn't, I guess..
That they are awkward around me.
huge back-straining titties 
I like flat elongated hands like Gwyneth Paltrow's, I call them alien hands. 
I'm a sucker for a crooked smile.
An ever so slightly lazy eye.https://encrypted-tbn3.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcTeS9WSVQ9UAMoWKWY9738SDNCuP93ra3Kry7Cb5PwUk8-FPa86
Apparently a lot of people think small bombs are bad for some reason?Edit: boobs, but bombs sounds funny
I don't mind girls nerding out. Hell, the more they nerd out, the better.
short, small boobs, glasses.  Librarian hot.  Gets me everytime.
Alot of the things i find attractive i'd have trouble calling imperfections but.....[technically advanced prosthetics](http://slidell-independent.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/07/arm-web.jpg) or [abstract designer prosthetics](http://thisismedtech.com/sites/medtechviews.eu/files/crytsal22.png)Cute girls with round [sticky](http://st.depositphotos.com/1456650/2770/i/950/depositphotos_27700865-stock-photo-unusual-model-with-big-ears.jpg) out ears or when they stick out through their [hair](https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/originals/4b/b8/10/4bb810ffd3dac641b8b0feffec69d6a6.jpg)[Androgenous women](http://cdn0.hbimg.cn/store/data/attachment/album/201508/17/182240gafnua4xskh8n44m.png)[Body Modification beyond the usual](https://i-d-images.vice.com/images/2014/12/01/grace-neutrals-beauty-is-out-of-this-world-body-image-1417429858.jpg?output-quality=75)Again I have trouble considering any of this an imperfection.
Scars (of the non burn variety) and Heavy musculaturebasically, if they look manliest, yet still feminine, 'tis best
Not a man, but as a bisexual woman, women that have had a lot of experiences, good AND bad. For some reason innocent women seemed to be favoured, but they don't seem to understand what it's like to have dealt with situations, and are less compassionate as a result. And if they have baggage, I feel like they'll understand mine as well. We'd take care of each other.
Woman who are slightly over weight. Have a bit of a belly 
This is **NOT** an imperfection, not at all. But it's a thing that women are sometimes insecure about, that I love. I love prominent noses. I LOVE them. I love a strong, solid, proud nose. A prominent nose on a beautiful woman, hell yes.  I fucking love it. Nuzzle that big nose into my face, hot stuff. Yeah. 
Some Cellulite. There's nothing wrong with it.  Its natural and most women look hot with it.
When she doesn't speak English natively, so she mispronounces a lot of words. It's so hot.
When their top front row of teeth point inwards more than usual. It's incredibly cute
Scars.Every single one of them has a story to them and they usually do a great deal to add character to her appearance.
Girls with a complex about their breasts or height. Aren't they too small I find incredibly cute.Or if a short girl is worried about dating someone taller than her. I dated a girl where I would tower over her and we had this little thing going where I would just walk up and sling her over my shoulder and she would go limp. Our friends found it funny. Also I like flat chests over big chests. 
cellulite
It can be debated whether or not this is considered an imperfection, but I think freckles are pretty sexy.
Tattoos and piercings if that counts.  I tell myself I shouldn't but I'm kind of into a little bit of crazy.  Can't help it.
Freckles. Most people who have them hate them. But gosh darn are they cute. 
freckles, dimples
Gapped teeth
Freckles and a big nose, not necessarily on the same person.
Freckles!
I love it when a girl is shy. It's really endearing because you know she gives a shit about you 
Having a penis and no breasts
I'm a sucker for freckles, and litte to no make up. I like it when girls look like human beings and not dolls.
Freckles. For some reason women find them as imperfect and cover them up with makeup, but I think they add an astounding amount of beauty to a woman. 
braces
A gap between the two front teeth. Not a chasm, per se. Just an easily discernible gap between two slightly over large chicklets. 
Discreet violent behaviors
I like pigeon toes. I had a huge crush on a friend in highschool, partially because she was just so cute when she'd think hard about something, biting her lip a tad and feet criss cross
Not an imperfection at all, but when girls have that little one-sided smile. Kind of like a smirk. Think Kirsten Maldonado or something. That shit's hot AF.
One girl I met chronically mispronounced words and it was actually pretty cute. Another girl was born without one of her teeth and it made her look adorable. It really depends on the girl though. Also freckles 
Unsure if it's an imperfection, but a girl with a lisp is the cutest damn thing ever. Emma Stone, for example. Oh my.
awkwardnessstutterbraces
Freckles
Odd eyebrows. Not caterpillars, mind, but eyebrows that are darker than they ought to be or are a little too big.
Freckles
Freckles
Soooo weird noses? Why am I suddenly upset with my regular looking nose?
Girls who let their face be free with no makeup. Knew this one girl in high school so fucking hot and she knew it, that's why she didn't wear makeup, didn't waste time to make herself better because she was already good looking.
dicks
Freckles are bonus points IMO, and for some reason I'm a sucker for a bit of a lisp.
For some reason I kinda have a thing for girls with gap in between their front two teeth.
I like women who have stuff like birth marks that are kinda small but still noticiable, and I'd tbh not mind if they had burn marks or scars from previous events, NOT MIND I mean, I won't look for someone with those
My girlfriend has these little folds on the top of her ears. It is not incredibly noticeable, but after a little over a year of dating I call it her perfect imperfection. 
lazy eye
The people in this thread nose what's up
Nothin in particular but there are some women who I know I SHOULD find unattractive but who drive me mad instead.
Buck/large front teeth.  Think Megan Draper(played by Jessica Par) on Mad Men.
Little things. If you have a weird obsession with Christmas lights, cutely pointy noses, almost subconscious doodles, just little personality quirks really. 
A lot of these answers aren't imperfections.
A small mole on the face (especially above the lip) can really bring a kind of humanity to women who are so beautiful they seem otherworldly.
Braces
Speech impediments can be cute.
Gap-toothed women. Jesus, I loves me some gap-toothed women. Don't know what it is about them, but... man...
A complete psycho, or someone who is kinda like overly attached girlfriend, that works too. 
scars
The way they purse their nose when they laugh 
A snaggletooth
I slight overbite and a raspy voice
when a girl stutters
Freckles (I don't consider them an imperfection but some women do), being insecure about a few things about themselves (really helps with knowing how to compliment them and really make them smile) and messy hair, oh how I love messy hair. The look of vulnerability in general (not in the I'm gonna hunt you like a lion would kinda way, but like messy hair, no makeup, sweatpants), a look that they wouldn't show the world but have no issue showing you
I tend to like women that look natural. I guess that means any imperfections tbh. 
ITT: All the beautiful shit that makes my self esteem skyrocket like never before! 
Hairy Vag
She is too perfectI want to be the one mistake of her life.
I've never been so confident about the bump I have in my nose. It's not a hooked nose and honestly isn't huge, just a bump in the middle of the bridge. Yet it's always been an insecurity of mine. Until Reddit.....
vocal fry
Cold sores, cause I get them too and don't want to give them to someone.
All occasionally, but darkness under their eyes, acne around the cheeks, and apparently I've been told a masculine jawline?? 
Glasses. They make anyone cute
Girls with braces are the cutest!
I like girls with a bit of a belly. I think it's absolutely adorable. It's also the gateway into the dark depths that are my fetishes, which I'll refrain from talking about becuase nobody should hear those.
Tall or freckled. Lol
A gut, a soft belly.
My wife, not a red head, has tons of freckles. I don't know whether we can call them imperfections... but I do know it is what attracted me first...
Messy buns
All my girlfriends have worn glasses... my current  one does. all my friends just expect it now haha.
 Saggy boobs Yummy Tummy Hairy bum crack  Hairy Vagina Nostrils, that you can see when looking strait at her face !
Glasses and messy hair
A slight squinty face like Natalie dormer. A lisp and glasses also rock!
Bi girl not a guy but I love a crooked jaw or crooked nose 
[deleted]
Thick eyebrows and a light dusting of freckles usually does it for me... but the thing that's *most* likely to attract me (or drive me away) is the appearance of a girl's hands.Most men, I've been told, tend to glance from a girl's body to her face and then back to her body. A smaller number of folks go from face to body and back to face. Personally, I tend to look first at a woman's face, then at her body, and then finally at her hands. I'm not checking for a ring or anything, either; I'm interested in seeing if she has slender fingers, well-formed wrists, and sexy phalangeal proportions. Hell, I'd go as far as to say that I'd prefer nice hands over a big chest... and that's not just because I prefer small breasts, either.I also have a thing for slightly too-large teeth, provided that they're straight and white.**TL;DR: Thick eyebrows, freckles, small breasts, and too-big teeth.**
[dimples](https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/65/95/19/6595192f059d422fb41f6b580a1f1256.jpg)
If they have 2 heads
I like it when girls know how to be mean. 
A third tit.
Large nose, large ears, no tits whilst being very slender, 
ITT: Freckles and Big Noses/nostrils are hot
OK. I'm not picky, but here they are.Small boobs.I don't know why. I think they're different.Stretch marks. Not crazy old lady marks, but not opposed to tiger stripes.Extreme tallness. Giant girls are hot.
Generally women that are built completely flat. I don't like curves, I like a totally flat chest and a tiny butt
OP said imperfection, not Down syndrome.
Unforgivable
I think this is the opposite of an imperfection, but yeah
Nostrils?
The fact that you kept calling nostrils nose holes made me laugh hysterically 
wow
Long nose holes lol. I need a pic for reference
I didn't expect something so specific.
Google images for Sophia Loren.  Old school beauty especially when she was in her prime, but I think it's what you mean.
Holy shit I have this to an extent and I hate it about myself. Glad someone likes it though. 
Oh my fucking god
I think I have this. You should ask me out.
Wow what a comment 
Example? Pic? 
What's a potato?
I'm laughing so hard at nose holes
wot.I have these and I hate them. What do you think of middle eastern women who chronically have them?
I have a zombie death goddess look because of them is that hot or too much? Haha
Thank you for raising my confidence.
I feel like these have made me look chronically tired since childhood. It doesn't bother me but its an ever present shadow 
My wife has them,hates them I think its such an attractive feature
What if I literally look like a sleep deprived meth addict in the morning
I thought it was just me who found this attractive. I think it makes her look mature.
How much touch if darkness do you like? Like legally or... (As in i know i have those but i dont see them)
Really? Wow and a lot of people seem to be agreeing with you...This has been a hell of a self esteem boost.
Never have I felt so confident.
Oh hello there.
Look at this guy getting all the ladies
well hello sir
Damn I'm perfect for you minus the stretch marks 
I hope you aren't trolling, because this made my night. 
All the things I've been self conscious about in one list.. Thankfully I've learned to every bit 
This guy gets it. 
I've never felt so good about myself. Thanks random dude....
My brother who knows what I like!
I have all ofthe above. Hello!
Are there more of you? This is basically me 
So someone like Chelsea Perretti?
This sounds like you are thinking of someone specific. Also, you've done a good think making so many ladies of Reddit feel less insecure.
For some reason I have a bunch of random stretch marks on my lower back (never had any anywhere else on my body)... Does that count? Haha.I feel like it's prettyyy weird.
This gives me so much hope for the future, you don't even know.
This guy nose
I like women who possess noses.Done!
Freckles are tight
Freckles. I remember seeing a girl I knew who was not wearing makeup like she normally did, and her face was covered with freckles I found very attractive. I stumble mumbled something meant as a sincere compliment as to how pretty she was, but she was crushed thinking I was making fun of her, obviously very insecure and self conscious. Please girls, if you have freckles, wear them with pride.
I like men with unusual noses. A lot. I've rarely dated anyone without a remarkable nose.
Shoulder freckles are the best
Terrible wedding vows.
Hi how are... oh married
Blink twice if you need help.
>Not a man and it's not really an imperfection but Kindly GTFO  
People like those freckles just on the nose and cheeks, but any more than that then youre made fun of. Did someone throw shit at you through a net?
True they are. I'm a sucker for freckled girls.
I'm freckled from head to two. Not sure how girls could hate having them. Gives me character and you can also play connect the dots.
Me too. A cute freckled lady could get me to do anything. 
Freckled shoulders, nose and cheeks.Hnnnnnnnnnng. Shit yeah.
Hi.
Especially when you're the one who messed it up ;)
And not just that carefully styled, intentional messy involving a bunch of hairspray and work, but that legit just woke up out of bed hair with random strands popping out or sticking up all over the place where she doesn't even realize. That shit is mad cute. 
Hell ye
Would a messy bun with little bits hanging around my face work for ya? Cause I'm there 24/7
This has got to be a joke. Glasses and terrible vision I don't mind having but the pooch? I have it and I've always had it and it's the thing I'm most insecure about 
Also known as a poochy.
Well hello.
That's me right there, m80. 
Mei is bae
A little pot belly
Absolutely. I'll take a simple beauty over model hot any day.
Hi there 
Someone understands why I find cute better than hot! 
I gotta say, this gives me hope. 
She had a nose job. 
Natalie Dormer's lazy lip.Good GAAAAAAAWD
You sir, win the sub today.
Especially when said woman is skydiving nude. 
/r/labiaGW (NSFW obv.)
Seriously. Liking scars/stretchmarks doesn't make you abnormal.Being into small breasts or freckles isn't unusual.These types of threads are always so disappointing.One guy said [a good personality](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/5ti0ew/men_of_reddit_what_are_some_imperfections_you/ddmv7j2/) and receives quite a few upvotes. How the fuck is that controversial? 
Wait male or female virgins?
These are things that most girls think are imperfections though, at least in my experience with my gf now (hates her big-ish nose, l love it) and girlfriends in my past. I'm also not a thirsty guy and not a virgin. Have no problem with attracting women.
What did you expect?  Also, there are plenty of women who are insecure about normal things and like what the thirsty guys are writing. 
I guess we need to discuss standard deviation here to figure out if it is an imperfection or not. So large breasts can also be an imperfection. I like all sizes between no breasts at all to average. I like large in some very few cases, but that's usually when the personality trumps looks.
I'm 6'1. Hi!
I'm 6'7 and low-key have always wanted to date someone like 6'4+ who could tower over me in heels but I have never met a girl taller than 6'1...
I basically have stubble 15 minutes after I shave so... glad to know someone like you exists xD
I think hairy women and men are sooooo sexy. As long as it is maintained regularly :) 
thiiiisssssss is a new one for me. And one of the few on this thread I disagree with. To each his own, I guess.
Can the stubble exceed a centimeter? If so then I wouldn't worry about shaving!
The lady that did my wax today forgot a whole portion of my leg, does that help?
It's so attractive! I love a woman who already looks disappointed in me. 
I love me too! Guess we have something in common.
You would love me.  But you wouldn't know if I loved you because of my chronic RBF. 
I have a slight lisp and my boyfriend still doesn't notice it even if I point it out. Glad someone thinks their cute 
Oh wow that's me
as a person with glasses, i love you.
Grimes
Are we talking about cellulite, or bacterial infection of the ass crack?
r/jesuschristreddit
This is the kind of answer this question needs
YES
Then I'm clearly your dream girl.
people who are albino 
I'm frequently called a vampire because of my night owl nature and super pale skin. I just have to make sure they don't notice I have no reflection and we can all laugh it off as just another repetitive joke.
Foundation is really hard to find in my skin color it's so pale. I usually joke that my skin color is 'translucent.' :P
I've been so self conscious about being 5'10 my whole life but this gives me hope 
I'm 5'10 and I always thought I was a freak. Turns out there are lots of guys who appreciate us tall girls. 
Same here I'm a 5'10 guy and, as much as I find women shorter than me cute, I'm totally fascinated by women who are 6 foot or taller. They are like goddesses.  
Me too. I'm 6'6 so a girl can be extremely tall and still be a good height for me lol.
I too like to live dangerously.
crazy in head, crazy in bed.
You don't stick your dick in crazy.
I concur: Been in Crazy. Married Crazy #3. She's crazy but it's a productive crazy not destructive crazy like them other 2 psychos. The missus gets shit done. 
Yeah.. I feel you, buddy :( 
I never really comment, but this. My best friend is is clinically confirmed bipolar but if she's not schizophrenic, I don't know what is. I'm madly in love with her and I don't want to fuck up our friendship :( 
You okay there buddy?
Ooh I have cool scars...well the scars themselves aren't that cool, but I think it's really cool that I have two scars on my forehead from hitting myself in the face with a flag.
*So cut my wrists and black my eyes*
This
There's hope for me!
Dan Gruchy?
Similarly, lazy eyes.  
A friend told me this decades ago and I thought he was crazy. Now I understand it perfectly after seeing Sarah Wayne Callies and Kristen Bell. It definitely makes them more atractive.
Facial scars are hot! Weird but idc 
Low self esteem and daddy issue. I'm ya gal! 
Yay apparently someone finds that part of me attractive.
I love the imperfect smile and the women that rock it.
This the only one in the thread so far I'd consider a legitimately good answer. Imperfect teeth are always super endearing. 
It took me a long time to love my crooked smile. It also took having a husband who loves my smile and doesn't encourage me to get my teeth fixed. They aren't broken. 
This... I met a girl I initially found rather pretty, I made her laugh and she gave me the most beautiful smile, those crooked teeth got me instantly
I started reading and thought, this guy's a fucking weirdo with all this oddly specific shit. Now I feel like an ass because this is the sweetest thing ever.
I have this!
One of my girlfriend's canine teeth slightly pokes out when she smiles sometimes. It's so cute. 
that is one of my biggest insecurities! my entire butt is all white stretch marks from growth spurts as a teenager. i always think guys can see them of feel them! good to know someone likes it!
I truly thought i was the only one who loved stretch marks. Extra points for stretch marks on their thighs  
*Nose hole fetishes
Nasophiliacs are a thing. I am one of them.
Well thank God for that. I have a pretty long nose and while no one has actively made hurtful comments about it, I've talked about it openly and people will usually agree. My boyfriend calls it The ski slope or Mount [my last name]. Which I think is really funny. But I'm just grateful some people actually find my nose attractive.
I like how stretch marks on thighs, butt and chest feel. It's helped me embrace my own 
no homo
louise is my life's inspiration  
This makes me so happy. Drug addiction and a brown recluse left me with a ton of scars and I'm super self conscious of them. I have a huge one on my back and it makes me scared to take my clothes off in front of anyone because I don't want them to see me as damaged goods...
Even significant paunch 'round there can be downright cute.
Do several awkwardly placed moles count?
Yeah, a crooked smile is great. Bonus points if she's snarky and you get to see that smile often.
So you like friendly, stereotypically hot girls? Freak
So an adult (book) Hermione Granger is your type then?
 guys obsession with women not wearing make up is highly unattractive.
We don't think it's wrong of us to not wear makeup. We just aren't fans of the fact that we get yelled at on the streets by males, or or fired by male bosses, if we don't wear it. And we also aren't fans of the fact that some rando male stranger on the internet thinks that his opinion is somehow more important than EVERYONE ELSE saying to wear makeup or else. 
Well that backfired. I hate makeup. I fucking hate putting that shit on. I also love pants, so yeah never got hired in the first place by douchebags that would fire me for no makeup. And creepers will fucking cat call a chick in a potato sack so, wtvr.
Username checks out.
Omg yes! She has the perfect mouth/teeth 
Ppl aren't looking at ur eye tho lol
I am all of these 
> It's really endearing because you know she gives a shit about you Or she's just shy with everyone because she has social anxiety. 
Yeah-totally into lisps too.
Imperfections Not normal things, everybody has those unless fat
Your TL;DR doesn't mention the thing that you say is most likely to attract you.  
Definitely not an imperfection imo 
Especially the ones on the ass, just below the waistline.
Quaid, start the reactor! 
So, I'm guessing you're a fan of Eccentrica Gallumbits, the triple-breasted whore of Eroticon 6?
What the hell... 
Found the white guy
Things that exist:- op's selfesteem- some other things
rekt
Hey it's not my fault they're down with the sickness. 
Even I winced in pain.
The only woman who has shown interest in me, as in being directly flirty and playful, in the past couple of years is the slightly special needs girl working at my local grocery store.
Good lord
That burn tho
[   ] not rekd[x] rekd   
Ohh, come on, man.  
Ohhh, get a load of college boy over here
Nerd
literally 10/10 my favorite
Do you have dat dancer ass? Its distracting sometimes.
I imagine the minion saying whaaaaaat
Pic?
My wife has them. I fucking love them. It's so hot.
So... my ex-wife has these. And I personally found them unattractive, but when I told my buddies I was getting a divorce they all started ragging on me because they thought she was so hot. And they specifically mentioned the dark under her eyes.  So... I think it's to each their own, but I have a group of about 13 dudes between 27-33 that all find it very attractive. EDIT: Quick note... we got divorced because we hated being married. Not because I found her eyes unattractive. We're good friends still... just not good married.
Literally same. 
Aww ew no stretch marks??
He's sitting at a hundred upvotes. I think he speaks for a decent chunk of us. 
To love?
with character.Oh Shit!
Sup
But I like to check out ladies too   
Not a man, not even human and not really imperfect but I think Natalie Dormer is hot.
I like them in general. I saw a girl in a bikini and she had freckles all over her chest and shoulders as well as her face. She didn't like them and some asshole said her shoulders looked like a tortilla (because of the brown spots). Ended up telling him his feet look like they belong to a hobbit. But, that guy was always a douche no matter what. 
nah bro, shoulder freckles are insanely hot
Maybe in grade school, but I think adults appreciate freckles everywhere more than kids. 
Aw, hell. I'm a guy, and *love* freckles. Freckles everywhere--shoulders, arms... I think it's totally fing hot for some reason. Sometimes I wonder if that's one of the things that initially attracted me to my wife. She used to have a lot of freckles, but seems to have lost them for some reason (She's still fing hot, but just doesn't have all the freckles anymore, or they're harder to see or something). Especially petite women with freckles. sigh. Few things get to me faster. Petite woman, freckles, with a nice neckline...
That sounds so fun. Being my own activity book.
I love a girl with good fuck hair
boner
There's a lot of biological reasons it's attractive, but basically it boils down to you eat, therefore you have food, therefore you'd make a good mother because you could carry to term.
Nah it's super cute. It's great for cuddling.
I have to disagree with you. No one likes a FUPA.
he said 'a little'
Ok. Diggin' in the deets. Plastic surgeon says it looks like non-surgical improvements, including the likes of botox. No actual nose job in the sense of surgical reconstruction.Sauce (if you can call it that from a celeb-news site?):https://www.google.com/amp/hollywoodlife.com/2016/12/06/lady-gaga-nose-job-plastic-surgeon-speaks-x-factor/amp/So, you've got a point, but I'm still going with it. Lady Gaga's nose.Edit: especially since she built her career with that honker untainted, plain for the world.
Hnnnnnnngggg!
If it can't be used as a parachute it simply isn't big enough
Someone got confused by what the bad part means in the phrasing damn, she bad!
no brother those come in the after life, alalalalala
Yes. 
i'm assuming male because male virgins sometimes have some ...interesting perceptions of women's bodies
he said significantly. sorry but he's looking for a 7'4 amazonian lady. wonder woman where u at
Username mildly interesting
And I'm glad to know there's other girls like me who stubble almost immediately,  thanks! 
Lmao same. Are you by any chance middle eastern? 
You must really like your mom.
Broken arms?
Hey, if I fuck with them enough I can do anything stupid and pass it off as a joke
In that case, hey there! lol
Hey it's me ur OP
I probably love you too!
It's not jason bourne, because fuck that noise
This is the biggest problem with being pale for me. Much of the makeup out that is either the improper shade or designed to make me look more tan than I am. That works just fine for some but personally I love my skin and don't feel like I need to hide how blinding white I am.
I have a female friend standing at 6'1... Her boyfriend is like 5'7
As a taller person, I much prefer taller women!
Don't even worry about it. I'm 6'2 barefoot and I was always so insecure about it. Flash forward to my senior year of high school, and I find a boyfriend who is 5'5 (at most) and we are as happy as can be two years later:)  any boy who thinks you're too tall is not worth their salt 
I don't really consider that an imperfection though. It think tall ladies look just fine
Cmon, tall chicks are always beloved. Athletes, models, dancers (not ballet)... Possibly related, long legs are appreciated as well
Can you both pm me ur digits?lol
hahaha!!  This made me laugh
My ex-wife is INSANELY successful compared to me. Unfortunately, like my last GF - she was a narcissist. It's a long life to learn what you need to. 
Ah... yes... I suppose...?
Scars are great (sometimes). They hold so many odd stories lol
Well, I don't necessarily mean those types of scars.
Somebody hand that man a menu.
Bravo sir. Fucking bravo.
I think the Mayans intentionally trained their babies to have crosseye. They too found it attractive 
Probably not as much when they're scars from cystic acne :( *cries a little at the thought of my messed up face*
I've wanted to straighten my teeth, but everyone tells me not to. I guess this?
Me too!
Nature tats. I'm pretty oblivious usually but I've never been bothered a bit. On the other hand I know I've seen some cool looking stretch marks so don't fret over yours
My last math prof has Kristen Schaal's exact voice. I'm pretty sure i passed for that reason only. 
It's a-ok for men to like women without makeup but as one who enjoys wearing makeup, I've actually been bullied by men over it which isn't one bit ok. They don't realize that women wear makeup for *themselves* and not to attract men. 
what?You're literally criticising people for what they find attractive? That's just unreasonable. What do you expect guys to do about this?? Have brain surgery so they're attracted to what you want them to be attracted to..?
like as a gender?
Thank you for speaking for all women. 
Better than him being so lame, she can't even get shy around you.  
Attractive hands aren't generally considered an imperfection, which is why I left it out.
the best bang since the Big One
I get the reference.
a guy told me he likes girls who always forget to wear panties. i guess that turns him on.
OW AH AH AH AH
I'd say she has a special need for your D. Go for it.
If you don't mind my asking, how is she special needs?
Bet he also calls his car hole a garage.
Now kith.
my ass is equal parts fat and muscle. Im half black.
I'm a lady who finds it super attractive on men and women. No idea why!  Just something really hot about those black eyes.
Guess I'm not half bad after all
Me too, thanks.
Username checks out
I have two on my right hip. You can only see them in very specific lighting though, and at the right angle...to be honest, not even sure they're stretch marks lol
I have stretch marks on my bum. I'm a dude tho.
Lol. Yep. Typing got ahead of me
Ah, I was mistaken. Carry on
The Court will allow it!
Found the Lizard person
r/totallynotrobots
It's Dwight Shrute!
thanks Dwight
Anybody who touches my poochy will draw back a bloody stump.
Mine does a little.
woppity-woppity-woppity
This thread is basically anyone else like 9s instead of 10s?
Snoo snoo
Let's start a club.
**broken arms**
So does everyone else. 
something something every thread 
My son is 5'6 and his wife is 6'. They've been together since they were in high school off and on until together,engaged, married in 2013. They are oblivious but I notice people checking them out. They are adorable. 
I'll have the Bic Mac Chicken Legend Sundae.
It's never as bad as we think. I like scars, stretch marks, interesting textures. My so has bumpy scars on his back that I like running my fingers over
Do what makes you happy.  One of my exes had to straighten her teeth at 48 because it was a health risk.I just don't like the perfect surgery type of smile.
I see that all the time, men bullying and shaming women for wearing make up, wearing weaves or wigs, fake eye lashes and fake nails.  It seems that they make that assumption based on what they do.  From some of the guys Ive talked to, they claim to only groom themselves to impress women, which must be why they assume we only groom to impress men.  Imo, either way, who cares?
no, just the ones who act like that.
Ah, I see.  Edit:  Can someone seriously tell me the reason for a downvote here?  The guy explained what he meant and I nodded understanding.  
My doctor was not impressed when I was brought to the ER two weeks ago and wasn't wearing underwear. Clearly he doesn't have that fetish. Either did any of the rest of the staff, as every time someone else came to talk to me or do something I felt the need to tell them I wasn't wearing underwear and they were weirded out.
Gonna start calling garages car holes
Nah nah, car hole is the gas tank. It's what you pee into.
Bet he calls his laundry sauce a detergent
Now Sith.
Dear Diary,Jackpot.
Do you have two swords you swing around too?
My fianc has eyes like this. I used to think he didn't get enough sleep. Haha
Wait a second..
For real! Its like petting a cats tummy, it shouldn't be risked.
stubble clubble would be a good name
Go on...
What were you there for? How did he know? Why were you telling everybody? Were you sedated? Was it relevant? If they literally see people naked (let alone people with disgusting boils, growths, deformations, and infections, as well as people who shit themselves and die on a daily basis) why were they so freaked out by you not having underwear on? Don't most of their patients have to remove their underwear anyway? Did they make you don a hospital gown? Don't patients say weird shit all the time when they are sedated? Why were they so weirded out by you telling them something so mundane, when they regularly hear much weirder things from sedated patients? Was it weird because you *weren't* sedated at the time?Is it possible they thought you were weird because you are just a weirdo?
Hey, uh, did you write some Harry Potter fan fiction back in the day?
'Simpsons did it!'
It's not one the Jedi would tell you
Now deal in absolutes.
Did you ever hear the tragedy of Darth Plagueis the Wise?
I mean I wouldnt call them *mine*They were gifted from a friend of mine named Sulyvahn. He had the same ones.
My cat loves tummy rubs. I guess she's the only cat I've ever liked, tolerated, paid attention to, pet etc and she came with my last gf. Its just dawning on me that my cat is a dog
They're tied to YOUR soul though. <.<
Funnily enough, mine too! He'll immediately roll onto his back when I get home from work because he wants one.
Troo. >.>
I'm gonna bust you up with a Bandit's Knife for that.
> Bandit's KnifeU gonna be here for awhile then 
Not has horrific as the others, but it still bothers me. Was in the hood visiting a friend at night. Saw a stray cat when I went into his house. When I came back out I saw the same stray cat at the foot of his stoop. The cat was trying to romance the neighbors cat. When I started walking towards my car (directly behind the cat) it got up and slowly walked towards my car to get away from me. I started getting closer and it ran into the middle of the street. RIGHT then a car going way over the speed limit of a residential area came out of nowhere. I saw the cat bounce around underneath the car. The car drove away and the cat writhed around violently trying to walk but couldn't because all its bones were broken. It finally stopped and laid there. The neighbors cat then walked to the dying stray cat and SAT near it. The cats chest started to slow down until finally it stopped moving. The neighbors cat stayed with the dead stray cat all night.Saddest thing I've ever seen an animal do.
When I was younger (grade 5) my friend and I were riding our bikes on the sidewalk next to a major road. A car jumped the curb and hit my friend directly and clipped my back tire.  I got knocked down and had bad scratches and stuff.  When I looked up I saw the car had crashed down a ravine and my friend's bike underneath it.  I don't have a very good memory of it after that first image.  My friend didn't survive and I was told the driver was drunk.  
Guy hit a car while riding his motorcycle, the impact launched him off his motorcycle, he wasn't wearing a helmet, his face is now a ten foot red stain on the main city road.
(English is not my first language)I grew up in Nepal during the height of the People's War. Boy, do I have plenty of stories to tell. When I was young I saw people being beaten in the streets by royal government forces and paramilitary. That shook me up pretty hard. I saw way more NSFL things than that though. Just to list a few:- I once saw a man's brains tumble out of his after a Royalist put a bullet in the back of his skull. I was like 11 when it happened and it really scared me. It was very surreal. - I was in a city near my village and I saw a bus get shot up and then lit on fire by Royalists. There was still a few men inside, they screamed the most heart stopping scream I've ever heard and desperately tried to escape. One almost made it out of a broken window but got shot in the head and dropped to the ground like a doll. I was about 13 when this happened. - I saw my older brother get shot repeatedly by police on our property because we supposedly let some Maoist rebels stay the night in our house. This was a lie, but they didn't believe him when he told them that. I was almost 14 when it happened. I was watching from the safety of our house. - Generally heard lots of gunshots and people getting killed, not as grisly as the other things I mentioned, but still caused anxiety for me and took its toll. When I was 19 I joined the CPN-M, a lot because of anger I had about what the government did to us. I have a lot more stories that I could tell, but this is the most NSFL stuff. Luckily things are a lot more peaceful now. 
I was waiting for the green man to come about at the traffic lights. This was near my school too, so there were mostly teenagers hanging about. One lady came through, maybe in her 40s and decided she didn't want to wait. I could tell she was probably late for something, because she kept looking at her watch. So yeah, she sprinted across and was hit by a bus. My god though, the part that got me was when the wheel went over her, it crushed her head instantly and brain matter splattered everywhere. I puked instantly and everyone started screaming.I think the worse part was that her daughter was a few minutes ahead of her, waving goodbye to enter the school grounds and watched it all happen. She broke down and couldn't move for hours. School didn't happen that day. 
I have one that I remember mostly as hopeful. I was walking home from school when I witnessed a car accident. Driver A was gunning it to make a yellow light. Driver B just hit the gas when the opposing light turned red rather than wait for his green. The result was a T bone collision in the middle of the intersection. No one moving, blood visible everywhere. Now for the hopeful part. A man jumped out of his car and checked on both drivers, there were no passengers I remember. The man then ran across the intersection. Climbed an 8 ft wall into a residential neighborhood. He then returned a couple of minutes later with a bunch of rags and a bucket of water. He started administering first aid to each driver, triaging them both, running back and forth between patients. He kept going until EMS arrived. His actions always stuck with me. There were dozens of people around, but only he acted. I try to emulate his behavior and be the one to act in those situations. I have thankfully never been caught in a situation as dire as his, but I hope if I do I can honor his actions. 
I went to Mackinac Island, MI for the first time a few years back. Within minutes of getting off the ferry and walking past the docks, I saw a lady ride a bike in front of a horse-drawn carriage, spooked the horses, and they trampled her. She laid there motionless as blood poured out of her head.According to my wife's friend who works on the island, she lived.Still, not the greatest memory for a first time visit.
I saw a man get killed, by many people. Not by a mob or a lynching, but by ignorance.I live in a bad neighborhood filled with mostly russian and west african immigrants. A drunk man was walking in the street when he was hit by a car, which proceeded to drive off. He rolled up onto the windsheild, then fell to the ground, but was still very much alive. In shock and with injuries, but he was going to be ok. My wife is finishing medical school, and rushed over to help. I tried to call an ambulance, but someone grabbed my phone and told me no cops (I did get it back and call, but it lost precious minutes). My wife rushed over to check vital signs and to control the situation. She explained she was a doctor, and that the man needed an ambulance. However, the crowd decided he was fine, just needed to sleep it off. She physically fought with the large drunken men (I was about 50m away trying to get my phone to call and wasn't watching the situation), but she lost, and they dragged him to the side of the road. We never got confirmation as to the reason, but based on her initial analysis, this would have caused the broken bones and spinal injury to worsen, and he likely died from either a severed spine or internal bleeding. We don't know for sure what would have happened if he hadn't been moved, but my wife thought the odds looked good from a cursory check. The ambulance and police arrived over 20 minutes from when we called them, and all we could do was give statements.
In high school we went on a field trip to this natural reserve and the guide was going to show us how to test ph levels. We were following him down to a river bank and it was raining. He lost his footing on a boulder and fell while spinning backwards.I will never forget the sound his head made when it hit the boulder just a few feet below. It is the most haunting sound I've ever heard in my life. We were taken back out of there pretty quickly. To this day I do not know if that man survived, nor do I want to.
Saw an older lady lose control of her car (think she had some sort of medical episode), crash into a group of people, trapping another older lady under the car. The thing that I still remember the most is the other people around me screaming, there was something so striking, ear splitting about them. 
I've been a truck and a city bus driver, so I've seen some deaths, but the most NSFL thing I've seen to date is a local guy (regular rider) high off his ass (inhalants I think), and trying to get in to his own mother's pants while she rode with him to get him home. Grabbing her crotch, her breasts. Middle of the day, on a public bus. 
16 years ago..I went out to eat with some buddies of mine. We got to a little pizza place. But the place was absolutely packed. So we decided to leave. As we did so the entire place exploded. There was a roar, screams. It smelled like burning flesh and metal. There were bodies about. I didn't look long. I ran away.  I was a kid. It made me nauseous. Even thinking back on it I feel weird. I have bad nightmares about it sometimes. The screams and the sounds of a suicide vest going off were  Horrific. Over 15 people died.  I hope I don't see something like that again. Legs here.. A arm. A dead infant.  It was so fucking loud. Sbarro bombing if your interested. I don't particularly feel like writing anymore. 
Not me but my dadHe was out hunting with a cousin when they heard what sounded like a huge crash. Since there was a road close by they drove there to inspect what had happened. Apparently two cars had crashed into each other and had caught fire. One of the cars was completely in flames and all you could see was the burnt crispy corpse of what was the driver. They called the police and ambulances and while they waited they tried to help the two survivors from the other car. There was a man and a woman, the man was badly bleeding and in alot of pain and the woman was unconscious. Both of them had managed to get out of the car and my dad started asking the man standard questions, who he was, what happened and how much pain he was in. The man didn't really answer the questions but kept asking 'Wheres Maria! What happened to Maria?' and my dad asked if the woman was Maria. The man said no and kept asking.Meanwhile the police had arrived so my dad asked them to check the non burnt car. At first they didn't find anything but when they checked again they found a young girls body.She hadn't worn a seatbelt and during the crash her neck just snapped in half, jamming her half under the seat in the back.So for the rest of the next hour my dad had to shield the man from seeing the body being carried out while being asked where she is.He came home covered in blood and with a look I wont forget
Some guy drove all the way up from Alabama to Michigan to make a political statement in our state. Instead of the conventional protesting with a sign, this guy felt it was necessary to douse himself in gasoline and light himself on fire. I guess it hurt a lot because he ran around like a maniac. 
I lived on the 8th floor, someone jumped from the 21st. Hit the railing on the ground floor with so much force one of his arms ripped off and brain and other body parts scattered in a 10m radius. To be fair, it fed the seagulls for a while.
Motorcycle accident. His head came off.Also seen some fairly grim stuff in Nigeria. 
We were on a tutor class social to a river boat hire. There was a helicopter flying over head and some of us joked that the police were after us. Ha ha ha.As I pushed 6 of us down the river I saw this floating pink fabric and though 'Oh that's so creepy, looks like a shirt.' I then began fantasising over how cool it would be if I were a river detective. I have ADHD, paid no more attention.On our way back, another tutor group sailed past and one of my best pals asked 'so did you see the body?!'
A friend's father was drunk at a football game and decided to jump from one section to another and fell between them a considerable height. It was enough to give him brain damage permanently and I believe it was cited as one of the reasons they now have limits on alcohol consumption at sports events.
I had a little cat when I was around 14. I had it since it was around a month old and I took care of it around 3 months. One day, I couldn't find it anywhere in the yard and I was sure it couldn't have gotten out. My mother had to go to the supermarket so she went in the car and I was outside watching her leave as I noticed something. She was already gone when I saw my cat lying in a puddle of blood, with it stomach flattened, right where the car was. I started screaming to my mother but she couldn't hear me. I went closer and it was so sad. It had fixed it's vision somewhere else and was struggling to breathe, coughing blood. I just sat there, crying until my mother came back. There was nothing we could've done, we didn't even expect it to somehow climb the tall fence.
Back when I used to manage a Chuck E Cheese,  we had this guy come into the restaurant to hide from the rival gang members that had just jumped him outside. They had stabbed him a few times and sliced his face up something fierce.  His left cheek was just in ribbons and blood was just pouring from his face and his ribs. The sheer look of panic on his face as he said Somebody please help me,  is something I won't forget for a long time. 
My wife and I got a babysitter for a night out last year. We wanted to go see our best friend kick ass at a local pool tournament. We went and had a decent time, but before my friend had his turn in the tournament, he made it clear he wasn't feeling well and needed a ride home. My wife and I were really only there to see him so we agreed to take him home. 20 minutes later on the drive home, he slipped into a stimulant induced psychosis after telling us he'd been up on meth for five consecutive days. He lurched for the wheel and tried to kill us all while driving. I managed to stop the car while he transitioned to trying to break his way out of the back seat window with his elbow. When I started yelling he came back at me and pulled me from the drivers seat into the back with him. He pinned me down and tried putting his hands inside my mouth. I screamed. I yelled at my wife to get the fucking door open.  When she got the door open he turned on her. Punched her in the her glasses and blacked her eyes. She fell into the ditch as he took of sprinting.  He jumped head first off a bridge down the road not 200 yards away. I found him bleeding out at the bottom. I performed CPR until a nurse showed up and took over for me. His scull was crushed there was blood everywhere on the bedrock. He died instantly. Craziest shit ever. My wife and I still have trouble with it. He was my brother since elementary school. My best guy friend in the whole world. Miss you buddy. TLDR: Don't do meth folks.
A little old ladies legs getting grinded off under the back wheels of a garbage truck while being dragged 200 feet.You know in the news when there is a tiny 4 line article saying Area woman taken to hospital with serious injuries. I saw that written about this incident in the paper the next day 
Motorcycle vs 18 wheeler head-on. Hips down ripped off. Visible spine and internal organs. There may have been other body parts scattered around. I was mainly focussed on the exposed tailbone. Drove passed less than 10 minutes after it happened. Others had already stopped so I just kept on going, I stopped overtaking dangerously from then on.
I've once seen the result of a car accident. I was passing by and saw that old, fat, bald guy on the road, legs ripped off. There was more blood on the road than on him. He had the most serene face I ever saw, till today.
Saw a kid from my school (many years ago) lying under the wheel of a truck that drove over him.It was super fucked up, like his pale face looking out towards all the passing cars and a huge pool of blood.
Man choking a pigeon to death then kissing him and putting him in his backpack.I just slowly backed away.Edit: grammar 
I crashed my bike when I was 10 at my grandma's house. I had a pretty decent cut on my shin. I went inside to have my grandma help me clean it up. Unfortunately she was getting ready to take a shower. She didn't see me though so I just dipped and have never told anyone.
I once saw a guy hit a pole with his car.  He wasn't wearing his seatbelt.  There were pieces of brain and skull scattered about.  Wear your seatbelt.  A few years later, I saw a lady jump from the twenty-something-th floor of her building.  I was about 100 feet from where when it happened, cutting the lawn on a lawn tractor.  The aftermath didn't look like it was human.A few months after that, I was cutting the lawn at a different building (same owner).  I saw a car that was parked where it wasn't supposed to be parked, so I reported it to be towed.  Within 5 minutes the police were there.  They had been looking for that car.  They opened the trunk without clearing the area first.  The owner was in the trunk, duct taped, and he was riddled with bullet holes.I don't cut lawns anymore.  Not even at my own house.  I now own a dumpster rental company.  A few years later, I had one of my employees call me to go to one of my yards.  When I got there, there was the corpse of an elderly man frozen stiff on the ground beside a car.  We called the police immediately and an investigation was concluded the same day.  Apparently the man went out at night to get gas for his snowblower, and got disoriented and ended up in my property.  This would have been an easy mistake for an elderly man to make, since it was dark and the road he wanted to turn on was also a narrow gravel road.  When he got into my yard, he tried turning his car around but got stuck in the snow.  What happened next is kind of a grey area, because he was outside of his car with his car off, and a full tank of gas.The hardest part of this situation was a few days later when the man's ENTIRE family showed up to try to piece together what happened.  I gave them every detail I knew.  They all (about a dozen people) started balling.  Then I teared up.  Seeing them like that messed me up for a few weeks.I don't go out much anymore. 
I used to work retail while going to college. I was working in the young men's section at the base of an escalator in this big department store part time. One busy night, the unthinkable happened. A woman decided to get onto the escalator with a stroller. She had first taken her infant child out of the stroller and decided to hold it one-handed while holding the stroller with the other hand in front of her on the escalator. And people were cramming onto this escalator every step; it was a very busy night.So the lady gets about 2/3 of the way down the escalator, when the stroller tilts and gets jammed. Now in just a moment, the stroller has become a blockade, and the people behind, who were at most on each and every step, at least one step apart, sometimes in 2's, start to pile up. The stroller woman is pushed up and over her stroller, and she ends up crashing down on top of her baby. Then the next two people fall over the stroller onto her, and someone else gets stuck on the stroller. People are jamming up against one another now like a human dam and in the first few seconds more people are still getting on the escalator, oblivious to the atrocity happening below. A couple people freak out and jump over the side as a way off, some scramble to gain purchase and jump across a divide to the other escalator. It's madness.This all happened in a span of maybe 15 seconds, but that was all that was needed. Fortunately there was an associate close enough to see what happened and ran as fast as possible to hit the stop button, but it still took that long for the associate to notice, for what was happening to actually register, and then for fight or flight to kick in enough for the associate to run over to hit the stop button. I tried to do the same but I was farther away. It was one of those moments where first it happens but you don't notice, then you hear the screaming, and you look to see what's going on, then you really see it, and for a moment it doesn't register is real, your brain can't comprehend what is happening, but only for a moment, and then the shock of what you are seeing sets in, and then, and only then, do you realize, 'oh shit, I need to help!' And that's when you start to move.The emergency services were called, several ambulances showed up, and a few people were injured, including the stroller mom and her baby. We never found out what happened to them, but it was horrifying to watch.**TLDR:** Don't mess around with escalators. If you stop, the machine keeps moving. Don't bring anything on to an escalator that you shouldn't. It can jam up and kill you.
2 dudes boning against a chain link fence under an overpass in Brussels. Saw it out of a bus window.  Edit: read it as NSFW, but I'll leave it as to my young mind at the time that was fairly NSFL
Walked out of a pool hall at 2 AM with a couple of buddies in West Virginia.  There was a nightclub across the street with a line around the corner.  Right as we started walking back to our dorm, a large SUV ran a red light and hit about three girls crossing the street.  One was run over and the others were hit by the car.  The car fled the scene. I distinctly remember their shoes were on our side of the street and they were on the other.  It turned out that the driver got in an altercation with one of the girls at a bar earlier in the night and threatened to kill her.  She turned herself in later that night, telling the cops I may have hit someone.  There were about 100 witnesses.
I worked trauma at a Level 1 Hospital, and saw some pretty horrible things. I don't know if they count, since I see them intra-operatively, but here goes. We had a motorcyclist that got hit and was technically dead. We were going to procure his organs for transplant, and when we went to move him onto the OR bed, his skull finally gave way and all his brain matter fell into my hands and onto my shoes. I came dangerously close to filling my mask with puke. Another guy was using a stump grinder for some lanscaping, and tripped backwards. He was a big guy, probably 350 lbs, and the grinder ate into his butt and thigh, and snapped the femur into a bazillion pieces. That case involved three different services (Trauma, Ortho, Plastics) look at this bone-sharded mass of hamburger and fat, trying to figure out what to do. They tried to save it, but two months later, cut it off. Apparently, it's hard to come back when your sciatic nerve is completely severed. We also had a woman hit by a bus. She and I were walking up to the hospital, and she opted to not wait for the go signal, and ran out in front of a bus. It was horrific. She didn't disintegrate because the bus wasn't going very fast, but she ended up dying in the ER that was about 300 yards away. What's crazy is, I would have been her nurse if she had come to the OR. I did burns too, and nothing prepares you for seeing a full body burn. It's horrifying.
Two women were trying to goad a flock of geese out of the road. I was 2 cars back in a line of at least 7. They had some of the geese moving when this asswipe in an F150 decides he doesn't want to wait anymore and decides to just gun it around the line of cars. He barely missed the 2 women who got out of the way, and hit 5 or 6 geese and just kept going. If I ever see that truck around here again so help me I will slash the tires.(copy and pasted from a [thread](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/5dya62/in_your_opinion_what_is_absolutely_unacceptable/da8d8gp/) a couple months ago. I have since been informed that I should get a valve stem core puller and remove them from the tires rather than slashing)Edit- Christ, after reading some of these other comments, I'm almost glad that this is the worst thing I've seen. I'll call that blind luck.
I work as a sailor on river ships, 1 1/2 years back one of my collueges was messing arround with the astern windlesses  we use to pull in our mooring ropes. We have an anchor abaft and he managed to loosen the breaks for the anchor windless aswell as hit the release lever. Parts of his hoodie got caught in the anchor chain and he was pulled down with the chain through a hole about 45-50 cm in diameter. I was standing on shore witnessing it all but there was absolutely nothing i could have done. Don't work drunk and don't work in loose clothing when working on ships
After work I walked towards the busstation, when I went around the corner a man shot a woman with a gun. Me being heavily drugged, it was my first week of taking antidepressants, just thought: Oh, I'll just take the train then. If I wasn't drugged I don't know how I would've reacted by the whole happening. 
Driving through the desert in New Mexico, I saw a horse head, completely intact, attached to the spine and pelvis of the horse, which were completely clean and bleached in the sun.
At my university we have a building with 14 floors. It was summer so naturally everyone stayed outside because it was too hot in the buildings. I was standing next to the building and all of the sudden a man landed on the ground. You could say he was dead instantaneously. It was horrible and some girls were screaming. Later we found out that there was a meeting for pensioners in the 14th floor of the building and he was leaning outside of one of the windows and lost his balance.
I saw a real life dead baby yesterday. I'm an x ray student and an X ray tech and I were waiting with a portable in the ER since they were bringing in someone who was in cardiac arrest and we needed to be there in case they needed a chest x ray or something STAT. Well, the EMTs bring in an 11 month old baby while performing chest compressions on him. I stood outside of the room for what felt like hours while they continued to do chest compressions. They were doing compressions for about 45 minutes when I heard the doctor say they were calling it. The family still hadn't arrived, the sheriff had to drive them, probably because they were too distraught to drive. I was there when the parents arrived and their reaction is probably going to be burned in my memory for a long time. Both of them were absolutely wailing, and the mother was screaming that she didn't want to see her son because then it would be real. It was truly horrifying to witness and I can't even begin to imagine how that must feel for them. A few of the nurses were crying too. Walking past the room, while moving the x ray tube back and when I was helping out the nurses, there were a few times I looked into the room. Lying on the bed was this poor baby, wrapped up now in a little blanket and turned blue. I know this will be the first of many deaths I'll have to witness, but it sure is fucking hard sometimes.
Okay so to start this I'm gonna say that happened a long time ago but it is still the worst thing I've ever experienced. Well when I was about 10 my father was diagnosed with stage 3 esophageal cancer and told he had 6 months to live and a 95% chance of death well he fought for a good 2 years, great guy always put his family before everyone and everything else but twords the end it got bad and I started noticing him changing and getting weaker. The feeling of watching someone you've known all your life slowly breaking and becoming helpless is the hardest thing, my 12 year old self didn't even understand that this was the end for him until I was sitting in the room with him and heard a sound come from him that was close to a truck engine starting and then the nurse rushed in and knew it was his end. That sound will forever stay with me.TL:DR As a 12 yr watched my father slowly die of cancer.
Me, my father, and my cousin (who is 20 years older than me so he's more like my uncle) were walking down the street on the way to the subway. A car with 5 people in it was speeding and tried to avoid another car. It smashed right into a traffic light on the other side of the road from me and the impact was incredibly load. I wanted to help out but the car was smoking and my father told me to stay away. Emergency services were called and to my knowledge, only two people got out of the car alive.
Small 1980's Chevrolet going 110kph versus moose. The moose was more intact than the car and was trying to move despite mortal injuries.  The cars occupants were not intact at all and were not moving.
We used to have a lot of stray cats in our neighborhood when I was little and our dogs usually killed them along with all the groundhogs and raccoons. I usually had to take care of the bodies and it didn't bother me that much. One day I found a dead cat that wasn't quite a kitten but wasn't an adult yet either. So I pick it up by it's tail and the tail fell off. Not the whole tail but the skin for some reason. I've field dressed deer and delt with dead animals before but this grossed me out a lot.
When I was around 7 or 8, I saw a tandem parachute fail and I heard the couple screaming and land into my neighbors yard. I was out on the trampoline with my brothers and we all froze. Turned out it was a skydive instructor taking his fiance on her first skydive. 
I used to work at a bar. About 330am, we were cleaning up after most people had left. This piss wasted lady comes stumbling in the front door steaming cawl nahn wun wun! He's gettin runned ova! The bartender and I look at each other and run outside. The bars at a corner with a traffic light, very little other lighting and about 50 feet from the light we see a destroyed bicycle. I carry a flashlight on me to do lot checks so I turned it on a joined the people in the parking lot. Everyone was just staring trying to see what was out there when a car barrels through the intersection and illuminates a crumpled body with its headlights. About six of us take off running into the street. A bit past the bicycle was a man who by that time had got run over by two or three cars. I used the flashlight to try to ward traffic away from the body and a few other people were blowing up 911 trying to get an ambulance. I'll never forget watching this man die. I saw him take his last breath. In all seriousness, he looked like when Petter Griffen from family guy wished he had no bones. He was gone way before the ambulance got there. I went to his viewing to try to let the family know he wasn't alone when he passed. Ever since then anytime I see someone on a bike at night I can't help but holler at them to be safe.
I need a fucking drink after reading this thread. 
ITT: op asking for NSFL then feel bad/sad when hears them
A crackhead lady pissing on a sidewalk in Minneapolis and some dude --obviously had a job, dressed nice-- came up and punched her in the face. I was like wtf oooooo SHIT WTF
Okay so where we live there is some washing machines in a little room and one day I was going to go get the laundry. So there I was trying to open the door but something was blocking it . I had the key and that wasn't opening it so I tried pulling hard on the door knob . After only a few hard pulls the door swung open and to my surprise there was my neighbor fucking some random chick . When it happened I was only 15 very traumatizing experience . 
I only remember being 8 years old and seeing a crowd of people carrying a dead old man out of his house and his wife crying
I was a first responder to a boating accident several years back. I was cruising around on a jet ski with my girlfriend when I noticed a capsized boat a little bit away from us. They had a bunch of people swimming around in the water screaming for help, and they said they were missing a child. So I jump in the water and swim around/underneath the boat and me and the uncle feel a leg, or extremity underneath where the propeller is. All of us, while treading water had managed to tip the boat over only to see a horrific sight of a 4 year old boys body mangled in the propeller. The uncle took his shorts off and covered the body, the dad was right next to me, he started to drown, so I swam him up to a nearby pontoon boat, and I got on my jetski and left. I'll never be the same. They found the boys head two houses down from our lake house a day later. 
I was driving on the interstate in my city one morning. The car directly in front of me rolled down their window and tossed a kitten out the window. I had just enough time to see his poor terrified face before he went under my wheels. Poor little baby was only a couple months old. I pulled over and cried so hard I threw up. I just couldn't believe someone could be so cruel. It's stuck with me ever since. 
most recently I witnessed a strip club manager get stabbed for confronting someone for stealing money. I also saw an old highschool friend get shot at a party. 
Feel like Im too late to the thread but:In my home town there is one place to get mulch, gravel, etc. so everyone goes there including people who have dump trucks. Now the only problem is the place is located on a windy road so when someone with a dump truck is finished they have to back out and stop traffic. Usually not a problem because the speed limit for the road is 35. However on this fateful day I was there picking up mulch and I saw the big dump truck backing up into the road to leave when I heard a street motorcycle screaming down the road (I was told later he was going close to 90) he tried to slide when he saw the dump truck and got completed decapitated. It was brutal. Now there are flowers and a cross right next to the place where it happened.
I grew up in London and have always been a motorcyclist. In fact it was several years after getting my full bike license at age 17 before I learnt to drive a car. In the city as a teenager there's little need to have a car, but the downside of filtering through traffic is that you usually arrive at the road traffic accidents which cars held up behind don't see.One accident I can across I can still picture as clearly as though it was yesterday despite this happening 27 years ago.  A motorcyclist in his mid 20s I would say, riding a 600cc Kawasaki GPz had gone under a bus at what must have been some speed. The bus was propped up at an angle with the bike sideways facing out. This was an old red double decker, not a small bus so I can't even imaging the speed he must have been going at. Strange thing was his body was intact, except his head, which was still in his crash helmet, upright on the floor a few metres away from him and staring up at me.I will never, ever forget that. Never.The number of accidents I've come across over the years by filtering through traffic to get to the head of a traffic jam is why I have recertified as a first aider without fail every 2 years and have aed and auto injector qualifications. I also carry a very comprehensive first aid kit in my bike.  If you ride a bike please consider investing in this training. You could end up saving someone's life.
When I was in grade 4, my friend and I were walking to the grocery store to pick up supplies for his mom to make homemade pizza. We stopped at a gas station to pick up a small bag of chips to eat as we walked. We carried on about half a block and went to cross the street (at a crosswalk). My friend was ahead of me by a few paces and what he didnt see (and neither did I until it was too late) was a semi truck backing up at a slow pace. It had no trailer attached so it was just the cab. It hit him and knocked him down and backed onto him enough to cover half his body (at the hip) before the trucker noticed what was happening. I watched, frozen with fear as my friends head turned a dark deep purple as all the blood was pushed to his face. The trucker pulled forward and came running out. I ran back to the gas station and screamed for an ambulance. The ambulance came and took him away and I remember all he kept trying to do was reach out for the chip bag lying on the road. The trucker was sitting on the curb in tears, wailing. He made a full recovery after many months in the hospital and rehab training to relearn walking, as his hip/pelvis was crushed to pieces. To this day he still is missing alot of feeling due to nerve damage. In the end the trucker was sued for damages due to negligence of not having a working back up beeper. 
Grew up in Louisiana. Walking along the highway used to be scary because drunk country boy assholes would throw beer bottles at you. One evening my cousin and I were riding our bikes along highway 8, heading to to a trailer park to see a girl, and an asshole tossed a bottle doing about 75mph. bottle hit my cousin right in the face and smashed. Knocked him out for a good minute. I was shouting and shaking him trying to wake him up as he bled out, his face was cut so bad it scrunched up on one side. Some lady stopped and we got in the car to take him to the hospital, leaving our bikes by the roadside. He got stitches and it swelled up black and blue, but he recovered and now has a giant scar along his hairline down his ear. Bikes got stolen of course. The south is a really shitty place to grow up. 
Ok so I was walking to a friends house at night. Some ways ahead I see a cat jump out across the road. It gets hit by a car, obviously. I see it skittering about wildly. It come to a rest at the side of the road with her head resting on the curb. I'm horrified at this point but I muster up the courage to run ahead and try to pull it off the road.But just as I reached her another car arrived and created something akin to a tube of toothpaste. 
A guy holding a swan in a chokehold, trying to break it's neck.
About a decade ago I was driving and took a highway off ramp behind a Toyota Yaris. In front of that Yaris was a large industrial flatbed truck with a full load of long metal pipes. The truck hit what I can only assume was a pothole and began to bounce around a bit. One of the  pipes dislodged and flew right through the windshield of the Yaris in front of me. The driver was instantly decapitated and I know this because all of the windows were splashed red and the car was left coasting with a pipe sticking out of the windshield. I have never felt so instantaneously ill in my life. While I know I was not in immediate danger, I can't help but think that if I'd been driving a little faster on the highway that my car would have taken the place of the Yaris on that off ramp. I still don't take that exit or drive behind loaded flatbeds.
Growing up, my dad unloaded a magazine of 9mm into an opossum that got into our chicken shed. We took it about a mile away and threw it in the ditch.  The thing seemed very dead. Two days later, in the middle of the day this bloodied, bullet hole ridden opossum came staggering down our driveway. The twitching and gurgling the creature was making was basically straight out of The Walking Dead.FUCK. THAT.So I took a shovel and hacked its head off.
I was waiting at a red light and saw two guys fighting in front of a bar. One guy falls to the sidewalk and the other guy kicked him hard on the side of the head. It made a sound like a dropped watermelon. I'm pretty sure he probably made a veg of the guy if not killing him. The kicker was wearing those steel toe construction boots. 
A rabbit get hit by a car. The aftermath of a good friend being hit by a car. Watching ducks at the San Antonio Riverwalk gang up and drown another duck. Those fuckers are violent.Edit: forgot about the time I had to put a newborn rabbit out of its misery because my cat refused to finish the kill. Didn't have a gun at the time, so I had to use a shovel. It didn't die on the first blow :'(.
Missed a major accident involving a mac truck on the interstate in Louisiana a few years ago. We got off at an exit for a bathroom break and coffee and headed right back on our way. Not a half mile up the road we see a mac truck we had passed before getting off flipped on its side and other cars rear ended around it probably to try and not get hit by it.I have a fear of if those huge trucks and how easily it could be for them to kill you. When you have a sound barrier on one side and a huge ass mac truck suddenly decides he wants to be in your lane, it gets kind of scary.
A few years back I was driving down the street and got caught at a red light. I look over to the left and the gas station that normally sits there is in flames. Like a gigantic inferno all coming from one car. I snap a pic from my car cause I thought it was funny, but after I see a man emerge on fire from his car and watched him basically melt into the ground. He looked like one of those flaming stuntmen (imgur.com/oHkltYY) Pretty NSFL And I as OP will deliver the pic I tookimgur.com/JGJrBuR
I'm done with Reddit today, thanks guys 
We were doing a massive home on a big hill, a crane truck that was doing the roof trusses for a house across the street was parked on the hill. The driver was unstrapping and the hydraulics went out on the truck and he was crushed underneath, protruding bones, blood and innards, and his agonizing cries for help. He did end up surviving though. 
When I was around 12-13 I was skateboarding at the near by transit center where our local train would pass through and pick up travelers. On this particular day a woman thought she could make it past the incoming train over the tracks on her bicycle. She miscalculated and was hit by the train and pushed underneath it but somehow survived. It was pretty graphic and horrifying. A helicopter came to film it, that was pretty neat. 
Is it just me that thinks OPs comments seem like weird karma farming? They all seem so... Fake. At the very least they're uninspired. Like 'that's traumatic'. No way, never would have expected that on this thread. /s
Pretty tame compared to a lot of these, but my friend got cleated in the shin in baseball when someone slid into second. The gash went down to the bone. It was pretty intense.
In the gym and noticed a big guy doing 110lb dumbbell shoulder presses. About 3-4 reps into his set he lost balance on his left arm, the dumbbell fell behind him and he dislocated his shoulder (I think) there was a significantly loud crack.
While I was in high school, i witnessed a man being hit by the car. And it wasn't a nice picture. Dude flew over and above the car and landed head first on the road. There was blood everywhere and his sneakers were kicked off his feet by the force of the impact. Also the sound of his body being broken by the car is the haunting sound you can hear. Still gives me chills when I think about it
My sister squished a Lizard between the door hinges of the bathroom.  
In a shopping mall, there was a drunk woman with her baby in a stroller.She was *screaming* at her baby to shut up. The baby just kept crying and crying. Security was called. They called the police and child protective services. The woman was drunk on hair spray. The baby was *swimming* in its own filth and was malnourished.She was calling that baby such horrible names, even kicking the stroller. People who were watching were in tears, feeling just *sick* at this sight. Seeing a woman be so hateful, neglectful, and physically violent against an *infant*. And in public, no less. It wrecked a lot of peoples' day.I may have the emotional range of a teaspoon, but this got to me, too. I don't really like kids but that was really fucking awful to see.
Was living in a penthouse top floor apartment in northern cyprus, 6 story building.Watched twilight zone for half the night with my mate, we joked about how weird it would be to wake up in 'the twilight zone', then he left and i went to bed.I wokeup to sounds of screaming, police sirens and a banging on the door and the TV entertainment unit was on the opposite side of the room in a mess... i was tired and very confused.I opened the door and police came in looking quite angry and started poking around and asking me questions. I noticed they went straight to the balcony and i sort of followed them.From the balcony i could see some stray dogs sniffing and chewing on a dead body on the ground below with a black cable attached to it... that was my satellite tv cable previously attached to my set top box and tv entertainment unit.I was arrested at that point and spent 12 hours in 'interrogation' as they tried to claim i had known the person and gotten into some kind of altercation and thrown him off the balcony after wrapping my tv cable around his arm... yes, it made no sense at all.Eventually they figured he must have been a thief and was attempting to climb down into the apartments below using the cable, and failed. badly.I really did wake up in a twilight zone that day. bizarre!
I don't know why I keep clicking on posts like these. It's like I want to develop PTSD or something. 
Some Boy Scouts from the UAE were taught to skydive in TWO HOURS at the local skydive center.  I was on the ambulance stationed to treated those who got injured jumping out of the planes after only TWO HOURS of classroom.  They were landing everywhere in a 36 square mile area.  Finally, near the end of the day, I watched a 16 year old land right in the 40,000 volt power lines.  Bright flash.  Big bang.  I expected crispiness.  After my eyesight returned to normal from the flash, I noticed the parachute was hanging under the wires.  A head popped up from the edge of the chute.  Fuck.  He survived.  Uninjured.  Power was knocked out to an 18,000 sq mile area for 12 hours.
I watched a motorcyclist go down on the highway. I thought I saw his helmet come off.    Wasn't until I got up close that I realized, he wasn't wearing a helmet.
I was on the bus going home from middle school. After 5 minutes into the drive, we stopped at one of the busiest intersections in my town. The light was red, so I was looking out the window with my headphones in listening to music on my iPod. A few seconds go by and I see a car fly across the intersection going over 80mph and then proceeded to hit 3 kids crossing the street. The kids went airborne and the driver flew out the windshield. The sound of the impact was so loud that the fire department a couple miles away had heard it and knew it was a drunk driver and was dispatched in seconds. The accident was so bad that the bus driver turned around went back to school and requested all of our parents to pick us up because we were all traumatized seeing the aftermath of that shit. The drunk driver and the 3 kids did not survive. Reality of the situation, don't drink and drive, please... 
I once saw a man suck the snot out of his sons nose because he couldn't find a tissue.
I was working the drive up teller window at the bank I worked at in college. There were some woods behind the drive up that had a lot of feral cats. Well sometimes the feral momma cats and her kittens would walk around and everyone would love seeing kitties (who doesn't?). Sometimes the kittens would stray over to the drive up by the cars. One such kitten, probably 9-12 weeks old went under one of the cars.  I turned on my microphone and let the customer know there was a kitten that just went under her car. She honks her horn, and we can't find the kitty anymore and figured it had ran off. Customer lady puts the car in gear and slowly pulls out and leaves. I look away for a second and look back to see the kitten flopping around on the ground like a fish out of water. I immediately run outside and pick him up. He was bleeding out of every orifice and was making the worst gasping sounds. I held that kitty in my arms as it stared into my eyes. He was terrified and there was nothing I could do to help him. I stayed with him for the 2-3 minutes it took for the life to fade out of his eyes...but it felt like an eternity. I was sobbing uncontrollably and carried him to the dumpster (didn't know what else to do with him). Boss saw me come back in with blood all over me and had watched everything that happened. Gave me the day off and even hugged me as I was leaving, even though she got blood on her shirt. That meant a lot to me. 
I saw Sloan play live once.
Guy's head was cut off by a train.
Not me, but my brother walked in on two special ed kids having sex in the bathroom while at school
Today, it was Omayra Sanchez.
Was riding the Toronto subway down to see a comedy show a few years ago. On the train was a drunk guy in a wheelchair who happened to have some pet rabbits with him. He proceeded to pour beer on their parts, sucked the beer off and exclaimed that it helps get them in the mood to mate and then proceeded to rub the rabbits together before dropping them onto the floor. 
I was on a family holiday driving through some mountains in the south of France, and saw a motorcyclist take a corner a little too fast, swerve into the wrong lane, and slam into a rock wall. My dad pulled over and went to try and help, but I never saw what happened after that - he locked us kids in the car and threw a picnic blanket over the windows so we couldn't see it.Thinking back about it now I'm glad he thought of that.
I found this adorable kitten, almost struggling to stay alive trapped inside a sewer drain, I could hear the poor thing crying for it's life. It was right in front of my house and when I had told my mom about what I heard, she called my dad and we managed to get the heavy storm grate off the drain. My mom, not my dad grabbed a ladder and went down into the sewer drain to retrieve the poor thing. About 30mins went by with what I can only assume as the kitten resisting my mom, obviously terrified with what it was going through. At some point we thought the kitten would never come out as it kept going deeper into the drain pipe. With some miracle the little guy decided to give up and go right to my mom.   We named him Pumpkin, it was a week before Halloween when we (I) found him. We spent almost half a year loving him and giving him a loving family to live with. Everything went wrong one hot summer day. Me and my brother were playing in our backyard with Pumpkin, who we had rarely let out as we lived in front of a semi-busy street, but decided because it was so nice out we'd let him stay in the backyard with our close supervision and my moms as well. Anyways, we were chasing him around playfully when all of a sudden he quickly looked at something and homed in on a squirrel. Of course, being a cat, he chased the squirrel, I heard my brother screaming my kittens name to come back, I ran to see what was going on, I was in my garage when I saw my brother chasing Pumpkin yelling for him to stop and come back, it was too late. My beloved saved kitten chased the squirrel into the street, just when a more than usually speeding car was quickly coming down the street. My little Pumpkin, with my whole family watching, was hit by the car. Pumpkin squirmed in the road and struggled to get back into our lawn as this car stopped for a brief second and drove off like nothing happened.My mom ran to Pumpkin, and while screaming, and crying, held him in her arms as he slowly passed away, blood dripping from his mouth. I cried, I screamed and fell to the ground, I couldn't breathe. Mother Nature had given us this cute little cat to save and then quickly took it away from us with no remorse. We later properly hurried him in my backyard next to a spot where he absolutely loved to just lay and relax. It brings tears to my eyes, just remembering the image of him laying lifeless in my moms arms with my brothers crying uncontrollably with my mom. 
At a kids bday party when I was six. The house was in a new subdivision nex to a man made lake. Another kid was about a foot or two in the water just standing there when a gator pulled him in by the arm and deathrolled and tearing the arm off in the process. Then it took a bite out of his thigh. He's still alive today but man that was not fun to see at that age. And that's also why you never stand near murky water in Florida. 
Not me but my granddad who worked in a railway train kitchen the 40s/50s. Group of kids visiting the train with their teachers. While he's in the kitchen he hears a massive thud against the door and sees blood pooling underneath. When he opens the door, the headless corpse of a 12/13 year old boy flopped onto the kitchen floor. He was sticking his head out of the train window with his friends and got his head ripped off in front of his whole class and tutors.My granddad said that type of thing happened all the time back then.
My brothers are weapon nuts, and they were doing a demonstration with their katanas at a party. The rubber edge flew off and my eldest brother had his hand cut off. Lucky we had a portable fridge and live 3 minutes from the hospital, otherwise it wouldn't have been reattachable.
When I was about 9 or 10, we were driving to Pigeon Forge (I am from Tennessee). On the Interstate we get stopped due to a motorcycle accident where the riders had been clipped by an 18 wheeler.We stopped, and my dad got out to help. (this is one of the few times where he was a good person, as a side note) Both the rider and his wife survived, but they were hurt pretty bad, and the wife, I think, was unconscious. The most heart wrenching part was that from the back seat of our car I could hear the rider asking about and calling for his wife. The EMTs arrived and carted them away. That couple was lucky to be alive.
I saw a man jump in front of a train a couple of years ago.
A few weeks ago, I was at my literal favorite restaurant. Across the aisle, in the booth opposite mine, I watched this fucking disgusting bitch stand up, lay her baby on the bench and change a diaper, the odor from which literally turned my stomach. She needed like six wet wipes to clean this little shit monster.Then she folded up the rancid diaper, put it on top of the stroller and sat back down and ate....Without washing her motherfucking hands. 
Experienced personally- the sound of ribs breaking while doing CPR on a child. 
Was riding my dirtbike in the river bottoms across from our house when I was probably 11 or 12 and thought I'd ran over a dead animal. People were always dumping their trash and strays out there so in my young mind I'm probably thinking I'll get to poke something with a stick and have a good old day. So I get off my bike and walk back to the stinky thing I'd ran over and it was a guy with a good chunk of his face missing and his hands tied behind his back. I left my bike there and walked home with my helmet still on. Told my dad there was a dead guy out by my bike and went to bed early. News crew came, dad didn't tell them I found it, and I didn't remember anything about it until I had to draw a cadaver in college and had a bit of a freak out upon seeing my first dead body and remembering this whole ordeal. This was in very south Phoenix and they never got an identity, assumed illegal immigrant or some sort of cartel mess.
I went to Universal Studios in Cali a few years back as a school trip, and we were there all day. It was a really cool experience for most of it, until we all got text messages from the teachers with us that we had to leave the park. We didn't get a reason until we were all together again, out by the gates. A man had brought a gun into the park and was trying to find his estranged wife who was in the process of divorcing him, or something like that. She called security on him, and he ducked behind a ride and shot himself in the head, in the middle of a busy, kid filled amusement park. I didn't see it personally, but friends of mine were close to where it happened in the park, and my group saw a lot of security running towards that section of the park. It also was really fucked up because most of the kids in the class didn't care that someone just died in the park-- they all just wanted to go back in and go on the rides. I dunno, that kind of bothered me. 
Oh I have one. When I was little, I was in the backyard with my Aunt's chihuahua. Little guy was just kickin' if, basking in the sun, sprawled on his back. Super content. This all happened so fast. A pitbull got away from his owner and hopped the fence into my aunts yard. He snatched up the chihuahua, thinking it was a toy. Instantly crushed his head.The worst part was that the dog REALLY got excited about this 'new toy' and started shaking his head left and right, super fast. He decapitated the chihuahua right in front of me. I was 6. Shit is traumatizing.
Being a volunteer fire fighter/first responder, we were asked to help out with a suicide case. Dude offed himself in the woods during the summer. The body had been in the truck for about 2 weeks. His mouth was open; eyes and tongue had been eaten out by maggots.  Was helping the coroner get the victim's body out of the vehicle and his leg fell off in my hand. By far the worst smell. 
Totally honest, the comments about animals make me so much more sad than the ones about people. Probably because they are so much more innocent and their species didn't invent the things that killed them.
When I was in 10th grade, I'd wake up at 500 every morning to walk to the bus stop at 630. My mom left for work at 5 and my dad had to commute 2.5 hours, so he usually left at 3am. We had 4 dogs at the time. 2 blue heelers who were aggressive as fuck but generally cool with all the other dogs. 1 mutt my dad saved from a shipmate who said if no one took it he'd throw it off the pier. And my dog, a chihuahua/terrier mix. I slept with her every single night, she always curled into my stomach and didn't move til she had to get out of bed in the morning for my mom to feed all the dogs.So it was shortly after 5 and I was making myself some breakfast when I started hearing weird noises. Some growling and snarling. It was kinda muffled by the noise I was making and I didn't pay a ton of attention. But after another minute it didn't go away so I popped my head outside and saw, essentially, my worst nightmare. The two blue heelers were going all fucking IN on my dog, tearing her to shreds. Over food. I freaked the fuck out because I'm not good in situations like that, and started screaming at the top of my lungs to try to scare them. They wouldn't stop, so I just started screaming for help. But we lived in an area where each house has an acre of land, they aren't close, and it was early. I tried calling my mom, then a family friend. No one answered. Finally I called my dad even though I didn't think he could help from 2+ hours away. But he answered and told me to go into the garage and grab a bat or any large piece of wood and just start beating the shit out of the other dogs until they stopped. I grabbed our bat and stormed outside, and the dogs scattered before I could do anything to them. I locked them in their kennels, and walked over to my dog who was.... a rag, at that point. I was in hysterics, and my dad told me he was turning around and he'd be home in about two hours. He told me to go inside and turn on cartoons and not move until he got home. He got home and grabbed an old towel and went outside. He wrapped her up, and he grabbed a shovel and he dug a hole for at least two hours. Then he took me to a nursery and told me to pick out a tree to plant on top of her grave. I picked one, we took it home and he planted it on top. He had taken her collar off and washed it, and he had me wrap it around a branch of the tree. He told me he was going to take me to an amusement park but it was too late in the day so we'd go the next day. We basically lost 3 dogs that day. The two aggressive dogs had to be put down because they were just too dangerous. I don't miss them. That happened over 12 years ago and I still get incredibly emotional over it. For a long time I used to even see my dog outside, running into the garage ahead of me or something. She was a good pupper.  
After work on my way home i saw an owomen who had an bike accident She looked Ok just lying on the ground but her limbs where horribly twisted and when I lifted her head to remove her helmet I could see how half of her face was torn away. She survived was only faint away. But the thing that haunted me the most was the sound she made it was like clogged grunting and when she finally stopped she released a stream of vomit and blood.Ps. She survived
Yesterday, an old man hit a cop. Didn't see what he was trying to do but he was taken away by the ambulance. Hope he was okay though. I do know that he is fucked, because he was in an accident with a cop.
A woman was hit and killed just outside of my office. I didn't see the initial impact and I've been in a similar accident (vic survived with minimal injuries, was not my fault) but I didn't know why my coworkers were around the window so I walked over to see what happened. She was in the middle of the road, writhing in pain. She was obviously in shock. Her ankles were both limp and obviously broken. Her left femur was broken so that leg was limp in both spots. It looked like she had a broken humerus so her arm was just flailing around with her. We could see the internal bruising sprouting on her back and there was blood around her head. It was obvious she was in a lot of pain and they had to get 4 medics to hold her down so they could get her on a stretcher because she wouldn't stop moving. We heard later that she died a little while later. 
Ahhh, I don't know if this counts as public, but I'm still sharing anyway.My gym class used to play dodgeball against the wrestlers on fridays and they always cheated. A kid from our class tried to fight fire with fire and cheat back. The wrestlers weren't having any of that and got their revenge while we were dressing out to go to our next class. The back door to our locker room (multiple locker rooms, unifying hallway with doors that lead to each one) flies open and the entire wrestling team walks in naked holding towels. We all focused then quickly diverted attention from them and back to our lockers. Some jackass was spinning his towel around and screaming like a comanche, dong afloppin', and does an Ezio leap to start WAILING on the fat kid who cheated. The entire team goes in on the fat kid and beats him sweaty. We all quickly left the locker room and couldn't get the coach because he was MIA. The fat kid came out in tears and sweaty as fuck. He starts going off on us about not helping him, but we stated our reason of they were taller than us and there were more of them than us (there was like 12 people in our class and 20+ wrestlers). No justice was ever served.
At one of my old jobs we would come in and relieve the other shift crew. One morning as my crew arrived we were informed that a customer had suffered a medical emergency, and that paramedics we en route to assist. Even from afar you could tell things weren't looking good, and the smell lingering in the air made it obvious that he had released his bowels at some point. So the paramedics turned up, and after a quick examination put the man on a stretcher. To get to the ambulance they had to go over an area of uneven flooring, and as they approached one of the paramedics lost her footing and fell, dumping the (most likely deceased) lifeless man off the stretcher and breaking her ankle. They had to send out a second ambulance. We then had to work about 11 hour shifts after witnessing that, and the atmosphere was seriously sombre. 
Wow there is some fucked up shit that goes down that I should be thankful for not having to experience. A few days ago I stapled my finger and I thought that was bad.
I read this as what's the most NFL thing you've seen in public....
A long time ago, in the car with my mom in Juarez going to buy tortillas. For some reason there was a traffic jam and a dude on a motorcycle decided to slowly ride on the sidewalk. Someone up ahead noticed and I guess they had a can of gasoline handy. As the guy passed by the man poured the gas on him, so motorcycle guy freaked out, got off the bike, and started yelling at the guy. Gas guy lit him on fire with his lighter. My mom just told me to look away. She got out (a bunch of other people did too) to try to help the guy. We ended up going back to the house without tortillas.
I work in a level-1 ER so we see everything. The ones that haunt me are the failed suicide attempts. People put the gun in their mouth (wrong way to do it, btw) and either flinch or don't aim properly. The result often looks like Predator from the movie; mouth torn in half, raggedy teeth if any survive, sometimes brain matter or eyeballs out of the head. Sometimes I skip my lunch.
I was waiting on you to say the neighbors cat started banging the dying cat, because Reddit, you know.
I was driving on some back country roads one night to go to someone's house. On the way, I saw a raccoon in the middle of the road and I hit the brakes. It scurried off and sat at the side of the road. It was then that I noticed the dead baby raccoon in the middle of the road. I saw the adult raccoon go back into the road in my rearview after I passed. When I drove home hours later, I witnessed the same scene again. The poor raccoon was mourning its baby in the middle of the road all night.  
I grew up near a railroad track, train always passing by several times a day never though anything of it. Until one day my friends and I were out on the tracks walking throwing rocks and what not being kids, our neighbors had a shit ton of cats maybe 8+ anyways they were cool cats all of them friendly kinda just did what they want, come up to you no matter who you are. Anyways one of the cats was on the track with us the train fast approaching, we all split and jump the ditch to safety back to our street next to said track. Train comes by we all turn to watch it race by, and here comes the cat walking under the train only to get hit by a wheel and practically explode into bits.. the body scattered several feet.. it was a bloody mess. Didn't even phase the owners which really pissed us off..
It's not your fault, if that is what you are thinking. The cat was really unlucky to have taken the wrong escape route AND to get hit by a speeding car. The cat, yourself and the driver happened to be at the wrong place and at the wrong time.
That's horrible
They have feelings too.More than humans sometimes
Happened to me in Delaware. I ugly cried for a while. 
This is the exact reason why I will refuse to let my cats roam the streets ever. The idea of them getting hurt or killed and not being able to help scares me.
Death throes are a terrible thing to watch. When my lovebird died she kept trying to move but she couldn't. I'll never unsee that. Or the way her sparkliness went away the moment she died. I never realized before then that living things shine a bit. 
You stayed there all night watching?That's dedication. 
I saw something very similar. I was driving home late one night (I live in a somewhat rural area) when I saw a small mass of fur on the road up ahead. I slowed down and as I got closer I recognised it was two small rabbits. A car had hit and killed one and the other was nudging the dead one as if it was trying to wake it up. Then it looked up at my car as if it was looking for help and then went back to nudging. I've always tried to slow down since then. 
I saw something similar walking to work one day. A cat was lying on a speedbump in the middle of the road, kind of spazzing out. At first I thought it was just having a weird dream. But then I noticed the car and the driver who'd gotten out. He'd just run over the poor thing and, unsure of what to do, was just awkwardly standing there watching the cat as it writhed in agony, pretty much in half, it's blood and gore all over the speed bump.The worst part was there was a woman walking by with her two young daughters, for some reason she had stopped to look both kids were absolutely freaking out and crying. Part of me wanted to do something, like put the cat out of it's misery, but I don't know if I could have. And I was already late. It was a harrowing scene alright.
There should be no sympathy for drunk drivers. They endanger everyone around them.
That's horrible, I'm so sorry.
I feel with you
Christ that must have been pretty hard to deal with at such a young age, how do you think it affected your life afterwards?
I hope that poor excuse for a human is still in jail.
Two of my lifelong best friends both just started riding a couple years ago. One of them already got in an accident. Neither of them wear helmets. Hate that constant fear
My dad was riding a motorcycle, 35mph (the speed limit) on his way to work. Someone pulled out of a gas station right in front of him (they couldnt see him because of the rising sun) and he didnt have time to slow down before slamming into the side of the car. He of course went flying. Ended up spending a few days in the ICU but no permanent injuries. Doctor said if he had not been wearing a helmet he would have definitely died.
Always wear helmets.
My dad has a motorcycle he drives around occasionally and a good friend of his who lives a few hours away came to visit and was fascinated by my dad's bike. Friend goes back to his city and starts taking motorcycle lessons for like two months. Finally he goes to a dealership with his wife and buys this real nice Harley. He drives the Harley off the lot with his wife driving the SUV behind him. He revs the engine as he drives on the feeder to merge onto the highway, hits 60mph as he enters the highway and within seconds loses control of his bike and gets hit by an 18-wheeler as his wife watches her husband roll under the truck. Dad's friend lives but lost both his legs. Can't ride a bike anymore :/
> (English is not my first language)dude, your English is perfect. And it seems the only people who ever apologize have a better sense of English grammar when posting on the internet than I do. 
Oh my god, this is terrifying. Being traumatized at this young age. I don't know how I would handle all the Trauma if I were you.
I am from. Nepal too. Where did you see all this? And by royalists, do you mean the army? I totally believe this all happened by the way. The army was the main cause of pain and destruction, way more than the actual rebels.
This is the kind of stuff that makes you realize how stupid your personal complaints are.  Hold in there man.
Your English is very good...  Def better than many on here.
did your brother survive ?
There was about 3 non US born people in my town (at the time, small town) and one was nepalese, He was born there and alive for the war. He used to talk about it sometimes (he left right around the time it ended) he was a pretty chill guy, owned a little store :P
God, that's enough to mess with anyones head
To me this is the worst one in the thread, sorry you had to see that and I can't imagine what that did to the daughter 
Her poor daughter :(
And everyone at my school rushes through roads like that. I call everyone out for it, but they all keep doing it like no fuck given, Even making me seem like an asshole.
> I was waiting for the green man to come about at the traffic lightsPlease to explain green man 
Was [this](http://www.newsshopper.co.uk/news/14180129.UPDATE__Woman_killed_after_being_hit_by_bus_in_Greenwich/) the incident in question? 
Something very similar happened to me. I was 6 or 7 at the time and was walking to get to school. A mom dropped her kid about my age close to the crossing to get on school grounds. The kid in question didn't look and just ran diagonally across the street. He got hit by a school bus right before us, and the mom was still there too. He got splattered like when you force toothpaste out of its tube, in the street in front of the school with lots of kids, the school bus and her mom as witnesses.I didnt pay it much mind back then since I was very young at the time and didn't fully realised what this meant and my memories of this are a bit hazy since it was 20 years ago, but yeah, it was a fucked up thing to see as a kid. Can't imagine what it was like for the mom.
Oh my god. I feel so much for the daughter and wish her very well. I'm sorry that you andneveryone else around you had to see that.
He might have had some training, first aid, military, who knows. Most people just freeze.
I did this at a head-on. Mandatory 1st aid training! I was able to stabilize the passenger of the car, which got the majority of the damage, as the driver was in shock. I just told him to sit and remain seated. The truck was fine, due to, you know, mass and better construction.I then managed traffic (security training) until the police/EMS arrived. Oddly enough, police only wanted a cursory statement from me, then I was pretty much dismissed.Thing is, after you help in a situation like that *you* are also a victim. If you aren't specifically trained for medical type services, your body is hyped on adrenaline and you're sort of traumatized mentally. It took me a good 3 hours to calm down and feel normal-ish, and the rest of the day I was on edge.Every time I pass that spot, I remember it all over again.
Thanks for sharing, I'll do the same.
You can.
My grandma worked on the island and I live not too far away. I remember hearing about that! We used to do this after school club trips to it, and when we went to rent bikes they gave us kids a very serious and somber briefing so this doesn't happen again. 
Did she get any get well fudge?
The island is really amazing, too bad that had to happen
Woah. What's up with the no cops thing? Was it intentional?
where's this? Country?
I saw a guy get hit, full force, with a baseball bat. He got hit kind of on the side of the crown. It was an indescribable sound. Just. Awful. 
My God!Im so sorry for you and the man.Do you know his name?I really hope he survived this.
My dad witnessed a man hit another man in the head with a steel pipe at his work.  I mean full-on aiming for the cheap seats swing. Years later my nephew was carrying a huge watermelon into the house and dropped it on the porch. At the sound of the watermelon busting open my dad immediately blanched paper white and had to lay down the rest of the day it made him so sick. He later told me the watermelon bursting open sounded exactly like the mans head had years earlier.
This hits very close to home.I am a kayaking coach and have been for about 12 years now.  I have my swiftwater tech as well.I was in switzerland with my wife and 2 year old son, on a camping trip in the summer with the explorer scouts.  I come along to run the watersports and help look after the youngun.  We head down a large gorge on a day that's been raining elsewhere, but not in our location so far.  The wife wants to take our son in his pram (he's asleep) down into the gorge via a sketchy access path that hairpins down the cliff side.  There's no easy access and the scouts would have to help carry the pram down.  I say i'm not happy with this, and would prefer to stay at the top with our son and it gets heated with my wife as she's not seeing how bad this could be, she's not bothered about right now which is cool but she refuses to think it could become a bad situation.  I'm in a bind as I know i'm one of the only first aiders there as well as knowing what to look for in terms of danger river wise.... I decide to go down and let others take my son (not happy at all).  As we go down this path I notice it's mostly slate like rock in small ish pieces, and at random points smooth logs have been used as steps.  We get into the gorge and the first thing that happens?  It starts to piss it down massively.  First shit moment.  I make a note of the water height and suggest we move up a bit for a better view which we do.  Next shit! moment is a lady tries to get onto a rock, slips and falls basically off the edge almost.  She breaks her arm in two places, dislocates her shoulder and fractures her hip.  I get to work with my group shelter keeping her warm with other people walking past.  Someone calls the mountain rescue.  That's when I realise fuck, it's been about 20 minutes! and look at the water mark.  OH SHIT! the water has risen by about half a foot, and although we were pretty high away from it, I didn't want to hang around.  Next oh shit!!!! came when the path we used to come down had turned into a river... it wasn't usable anymore.  Right.  Fuck....  I get everyone together and take charge.  There is a way out, over a slippery metal walk way that takes you along and up out of the gorge.  This is about a half mile long, and safety railings were optional apparently.  We left the buggy down the gorge as I didn't want anyone to risk bringing it back when it can be replaced.  I had to carry my son in my coat who was screaming at this point.  I left my wife with the lady who fell and all of us walked out of that gorge over slippery rock and straining stairs in the pissing rain as I saw the water level get higher.  We finally got out of there and everyone was ok when I saw there were two ambulances already...I thought they got there quick, but there was a couple a few minutes behind us on the gorge walk and the woman had fallen into the water.  I never heard what happened to her, and I can't find anything in the papers, but I didn't tell anyone apart from my wife later as it would've freaked them all out...So yeah, that was sketchy as fuck.  My wife was distraught later and at least since then she's listened to me when i've said anything.  I've never felt anything as mad as this before and i've been in some shit... The fact that my son was there just made it all a really big deal, it went very primal and his safety was the number one concern.  I never ever want to be in that position again.
It's like that video of the brick killing a woman in the car. You don't see it happen but you hear the husband's screams of terror.
I know what you are talking about.It's striking and ear splitting because you were screaming too, you just didn't realize it.
That's Traumatic
What was the worst thing you saw when you were a truck?
That is really bad, but i'm more interested in the time when you were a truck.
I just looked it up. I am so sorry, what an awful thing to experience as a child. Therapy can help deal with the continued stress you are experiencing after such a trauma. I hope you are well.
I know Reddit has a penchant for armchair psychology and shit, but that sounds like PTSD to me. Maybe think about therapy...it's never too late to ask for help.So sorry you witnessed this.
Humans really can be pieces of shit. I can't fathom how twisted someone has to be to think it's a good idea to blow up folk just out to enjoy a meal, no matter your political views.That sucks and I wish you well.
This is why no matter how much it angers my friends I ALWAYS annoy the fuck out of them until they put on their god damn fucking seatbelt
You should really know that your dad is an amazing man for that. The grief that man would have experienced at the time would have been impossible to bear
As a fireman and emt, I've come home like this a number of times, and I know this look, it's horrible both to others and the person involved. It's something you can never forget, you see it in dreams and retelling the story to anyone including therapists doesn't help.  My hope is that he was able to block it from memory as to never have to see it again. 
What was he opposing?
Someone just did this outside trump tower in DC a week or two ago, he lived as far as I know.
/r/roastme
Honestly when I die I want it to be in such a way that I feed the birds or other animals. No sense in jamming all my useful organic molecules into a sealed casket and burying them in there.
That's very bad.Did u saw the impact?Hopefully not.
> Motorcycle accident. His head came off.Happens quite often. The neck is a weak point and the extra weight of the crash helmet helps too.
Eww...That's disgusting
I wonder now how much trauma my ADHD has saved me from. Damn, it's almost worse to realize what you saw, after the fact. 
I hate to break it to you...You failed your River Detective test.  Turn in your badge. 
Was it a professional football game in Buffalo? I remember in ~2014 that someone jumped off of a balcony and fell, and on live television during player introductions.
ugh reminds me of that video of the father at the baseball game who was trying to catch the ball and fell over the railing and died, in front of his son. The news kept playing the footage over and over.
My kitten before my cat now was similar. We'd made her an outside cat 3 days before because she'd tripped me down the stairs (again). She'd cry a lot and that night she was crying as usual. I left to go to work and she'd been hit by a car and dragged herself into the carport and had been crying for a few hours. I picked her up and she was limp. We had to put her down as her back was broke.  One of the saddest things I've ever seen. 
A stray had some kittens near my back yard last winter so my gf decided to make them a little box so they wouldn't die from the cold and put it out by my front door. Little while later I guess the mom moved a couple of them. I backed my car out of my driveway to go to work and I guess she had put one of them inside the wheel well. What happened after I rolled over the damn thing was worse. The mother cat ran over and started eating the baby kitten's brains that had I guess gotten pushed out when the tire went over it. I vomited immediately. Had no idea wtf to do so ended up just chasing the cat away and had to shoot the poor kitten to put it out of its misery. Because of course it didn't kill it instantly just put it into death throws. That was a great fucking start to my Monday that week. 
I saw I had a little cat and immediately stopped reading.Fuck this shit. I'm leaving this thread.
Did he live?
So did anyone help him? 
Sorry to hear your story mate, I hope your at peace with it all 
I won't.
Dear fucking god that's messed up. I'm sorry you had to go through that man.My best friend recently barely lived through an LSD/Speed induced psychosis, and that's only due to the random friends he had around him which quite literally held him down until police came.Thank god he's clean now. I just wish your buddy made it too, I bet he was a good man :(
Not that I didn't grasp the most of this experience, but I am so relieved that the babysitter and your kids had absolutely nothing to do with this. I thought that was going in a completely different direction.
There has to be some discretion in journalism.  I don't imagine anybody wants to read area woman taken to hospital after having her legs ground to paste under garbage truck.
Never do anything stupid or dangerous around an 18 wheeler. They take like 10-25x as long to stop as a car, and they can't maneuver for shit. You'd think that this would be common sense, but no. There's a highway near me that sees a lot of truck traffic as it's a main route. However, it's only 2 lanes. Semis can't drive much over 100kph, so they get passed a lot. The amount of people who swerve around them, cut them off, speed and tailgate right beside them, even in icy snow covered roads is unbelievable. 
I'm now more interested in the serene face you saw today.Please elaborate. 
What the hell happened today??
Poor guy
This is so fucking funny to me, I imagine it like a cutscene from Assasain's Creed.Shhh my friend, go to sleep now...
He just hugged him too hard.  YOU ALL ATE PIGEON! 
I don't understand. You saw your grandmother naked? Or what?  I once saw my grandad's wife (grandma died a while back) naked. It was horrible. Big ol' bush and some massive saggy titties. I was surprised as I thought people of that age shed their pubes.
It's never to late to get back on that bike and brain damage it away.
thanks for lightening the mood a bit :P These threads always get hard to read fast and reading comments like these always helps me remember it's not all doom and gloom. 
>I don't go out much anymore.dear god man I can't blame you. I haven't seen anything at all even close to that bad my entire life.
>they all started balling Uh i think you mean bawling,unless their reaction really was to buy a few yachts and Jacuzzis and live the dream. Would kinda kick ass actually.
That's one of those situations where you just don't expect it to happen, even while watching it happen. It's also kind of one of those things that are in the back of your mind whenever you are on one the whole, what if my shoelace got stuck situation. So it's relatable as well to most people.
There's not a year that goes by, not a year, that I don't read about some escalator accident involving some bastard parent which could have easily been avoided had somebody - I don't care who - but somebody conditioned them to fear and respect that escalator!
There are signs on the escalators saying not to take strollers on em and idiots do it anyways.
This just made me think, who decided that sex in public is a bad thing? At what point in history did it become a taboo?
Well were they dead or no?
Thank you for what you do. I hope you're good to yourself on the hard days. <3
THIS IS WHY THEY DON'T LIKE TO WEAR SHIRTS IN THE NAVY! FUCKING LOOSE CLOTHING KILLS
Heavily drugged from antidepressants? Damn which ones?
Heisenberg.
Nowadays the windows in basically all student accommodation have protectors on them - presumably to stop people offing themselves by taking a leap from the windows, but probably also to stop cases like this from happening.
damn, that must have sucked to watch someone you're close to die in front of you. im so sorry for your loss
If you're not driving a tank, don't hit a fucking moose. - Canada
Like a condom from a flacid penis?
's called degloving. You see it in extremities with little musculature, where the skin sloughs from the underlying tissue. Called degloving because on human corpses, it usually occurs most dramatically in the hands.
Aaaaaaand my desire to try skydiving just took a long pause
Wow! That's bad!What did it feel like to see?That's bad!
When I was 10 I was out walking with my 16 year old sister on a country road when we saw a car parked. Car was rocking. I had no idea what was going on so I ran up to check it out. I saw naked people. I giggled and knocked on the window. The young kids getting it on were absolutely startled and had looks of extreme shock and fear on their faces. I had no idea how to react to that so I waved at them and then ran away laughing. My sister was mortified because they were her classmates.
What an evil person 
WTH where they thinking?Oh fuck the SPCA, toss that bitch out the window. They could've done a euthanasia, adoption, sell him/her, or give the poor thing to a trusted person. This planet...
Did he give it a kiss and put it in his backpack?
What is with all the people killing birds
In fairness to that guy, the swan probably had it coming.
Don't tell the Queen of England. 
Wow that's some Final Destination type shit 
That's disgusting
I just assumed English wasn't their first language and that's why it read weird to me.
Just for next time (hopefully there is no next time) do NOT remove the persons helmet. If they have spinal or neck damage you could make it infinitely worse or instantly kill them.
Not my proudest fap. 
Here I was waiting on them to say the neighbors cat started eating the dying cat, because Cats, you know.
Wow, I got two comments into this thread and I'm already done. Mourning mama raccoon, I tap out. 
I once saw two chipmunks eating another one that had been squished by a car...
One night on my way home from work I seen a raccoon that was already run over. Just his hind legs were broken, and he was dragging himself off the road with his front legs.The thing that got me was, while he was moving, it looked almost like the raccoon was like animatronic or something, its movements were very weird I can't explain it any other way. I felt bad driving passed it. Now everytime I see roadkill I think about the poor lil guy I saw that night.
I was a passenger in a car that hit a magpie baby once and the mother was standing in the middle of the road watching over the baby. They were walking across the road and we couldn't stop because there were cars behind us. We went back though and I picked up the soft feathered broken body of the young magpie and gently laid him or her on the grass under a tree so the mother wouldn't get hit too. The mother just watched me with this really sad look before going to stand over her baby again. 
I could hear people dying and take that, but as soon as cats or dogs are involved, I'm done.
I tried imagining it, but I got the picture of a really badly photoshopped cat exploding, Which made it worse.
It's not your fault.
> More than humans sometimesThat's so profound, please tell me more o poet.
My husband's very good friend was killed by a drunk driver 2 years ago. Court just finished a month ago. He is getting 5 years in jail and a 3 year driving ban. He'll be out in 2 years with good behavior. For KILLING a man and then FLEEING THE SCENE AND LYING TO THE COPS ABOUT HOW MUCH HE DRANK! I swear, I've only had 2 beers tonight.Seriously. Fuck our justice system.
Right?  Nothing bothers me more.  I hear so many stories of one drunk asshole who ends up killing a family or a bunch of kids, and yet I still hear people brag about how they can drive pretty good drunk. It's one of the single most selfish things you can do. 
At what point do you forgive someone for doing something like that? My school got a guy in a wheelchair presentate infront of our entire school talking about how he was with his friends getting drunk. And afterwards the party died down and he told his friend to get in his car and go home. He ends up going 60Km in a suburb area that had a limit of 40 and mind you it was the middle of night. He ends up riding up a curb, flipping completely over and killing his friend and he survives bleeding out upside down hanging from his seatbelt. Now he goes around to different schools, sharing awareness about drunk driving. But for some reason the entire presentation I still hold a grudge against this man, and have a deep boiling rage from him. What needs to be done to be forgiven? 
Arrrhhhh, for me it's more conflicting. On the one hand, their stupidity injures/kills people,  but on the other hand most drunk drivers are people who have massively misjudged/under estimated the idiocy of the act. A lot of them who kill people must live with guilt, while I don't think the same can be said of people who murder people - although there must be some regrets there too, e.g. if the kill someone with one punch. Also, why do people do it? Is it their drunk self taking over control? When sober would they think it's ok? What about drinkers who get black out drunk? When you black out you go on autopilot, who knows what you could do and you can get to that point without realising, especially when you're young and inexperienced. Maybe some drink driver killers did it unconsciously. Maybe if they'd/someone else hid their keys it wouldn't happen.So, I'm conflicted and it isn't black and white to me. It's awful, but I'm not sure it's evil.
It still amazes me how casually many Americans talk about 'DUIs' like they are an annoyance or you can get several of them. Here in the U.K. you lose your licence forever and immediately if you are caught driving very drunk. 
In Norway you'll lose your licence for that.
I have never seen someone on a motorbike without a helmet. Dirtbike, yes, and also stupid, but I'm shocked to learn people ride a motorbike without a helmet. I do see people in shorts and t-shirts though, and I don't understand that either. 
Get a GOOD helmet. Only get a $10 helmet if you've got a $10 head
I always wear at least 3
They probably care more about getting it right. It impresses the hell out of us English who never find the time to go beyond 1 that's for sure.
plese excoose mah englis, it isn my fist langwuage. and I just noticed you said grammar not general skill in English.
>English isn't my first language*verbatim of Shakespeare's Hamlet in its entirety in perfect, old English*
Part of my town is actually called the international district because of so many people coming from Nepal. The stories you hear are awful, I remember talking to someone at school and he was just talking about what happened like it was normal. Imagine if the country we live in it was normal to see people burned alive and killed every day.
And I'm sure OP would rather be in his situation than a Jew in a concentration camp during the Holocaust. It's all relative. Just because some people have it worse doesn't mean your own complaints are stupid, or somehow invalid.
Did you just...
r/JesusChristReddit
Plot twist: the driver was Gregor Clegane
Her poor her. 
Keep it up brotha. Even if you can convince one person to stop and save them from something like this, I'd say it's worth it.
I'm 38 and still wait for the green man, and check anyway. People won't stop laughing at you for being careful, but don't listen because the people calling you an ass for it might learn the hard way one day. I'm like it because my babysitter was run over when I was 5 (I wasn't there) and that made me super aware of the dangers. At this point, I've known a few people run over - most were under 20. Watching how people cross the road annoys me sometimes.
Swamp monsters employed to scare busses to a halt so you can cross the street with your skull intact.
Walk sign on traffic lights, indicating that pedestrians may cross
The signal for pedestrians to cross the road at traffic lights is generally signalled by a green man unless it's something else like a light saying 'WALK'
well. shit. I was picturing a little martian or something directing pedestrians.day = ruined
It's because people are in shock. If you're there, take charge and give commands to people watching. You'll have tons of help.
Most people wouldn't be able to help short of calling emergency services. They just don't have the training. If you don't know CPR or any other emergency procedures you can't exactly administer them. This is why when they teach you CPR, the absolute first thing you are supposed to do is find someone in the crowd and tell them to call emergency services. Not just shout someone call an ambulance but find someone and specifically give them the task. If you just ask the group to do it, everyone will assume someone else is going to take care of it.
Thanks for doing what you did, you should be very proud and I'm sure the crash victims were grateful. 
Oh god i hate myself for laughing
My impression was just a general mistrust of cops and authority. It's a common mentality among the immigrant population here.
Cultural. My friend lived in Morocco for a few years, and here she knows a Moroccan family. The guy hesitated to call an ambulance for his mom who was possibly having a heart attack. He was like no no, it's fine we can take care of it, she was like lol no. Afterwards she was like that's such a Moroccan thing.
There were likely wanted criminals amongst them, or they had drugs on them.
Israel
Glenn?
I didn't know his name, no.
Witnessed a kid smack another kid in the head with a padlock inside a sock. The sound was disturbing.  It was all because the kid pissed in his canteen
I've seen pretty much all that the internet has to offer, but I've never gone through with clicking that link.
Mind sharing a link? I've never seen it.
That happened to me. My sister and my niece(1) fell down a rock crevasse into the ocean. A drop of about 30 feet. Somebody screamed her name as she slipped but the only other person around didn't see it happen. She told me later that it was me that screamed. Still to this day I don't remember screaming but I can still here it. 
Or romantic
Few in this hectic modern world have the horsepower to be a dump truck. 
Hmmm probably it was in Pennsylvania off the 15 somewhere I forget exactly. A trucker had lost control on an icy day going downhill around a cliff wall and jack knifed into the wall. The trailer basically smeared the cab across a quarter mile of stone wall. Red streaks and metal. 
Thanks. I was 12/13 at the time.  I blocked it out for many years. The thing that sticks with me is the smell. I just can't describe it
I do have PTSD from other things.  I was in therapy for a while but stopped. Ive always kinda refused to admit I have issues.  So I have mostly blocked alot of stuff out. 
Unfortunately its just a part of life. I wasn't there but saw the immediate aftermath of the Dolphinarium Disco bombing and my fair share of mortar and rocket attacks. You get used to it eventually. 
If they don't I pull the car over to the side of the road until they do. I can wait.
Try to make it a habit for them, when I go to clean my car or sit in a car the first thing I always do is put on my seatbelt even if I'm not leaving, which is kinda funny after you realize you can't clean in a seat belt very well, but it is a good habit to be in and will more than likely save mine or yours friends life's 
I like Halloween, skeletons, all that jazz. So one year for my birthday I received a little grim reaper guy, skeletons in a cloak with a black scythe. He was one of those sensor guys with the little hanging legs.Anyway, get a little sticky mat and told I can put him in my car. So I do. He sits on the dash board, and if anyone tries to get me to drive without their seatbelt on, I very pointedly tell them that if they don't put the seat belt on, Death will kill them. If they fight me I tell them it won't necessarily be in an accident, I'll just beat them with the statue guy. My car doesn't move unless I feel safe, and I don't feel safe with an asshole who refuses to wear their goddamn seat belt. 
I'm sure it was impossible to bear well after it had happened...
Logic.
Not being on fire, apparently
Fossil fuels.
Big government.
High cost of matches. 
The weather.
not enough pools.
They call that a sky burial. Personally, I'd like my body taken to space and allowed to fall back into the atmosphere. Most epic cremation ever.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tower_of_Silence
Yeah, saw the whole thing, I think I still have a pic in my phone if you want to see.
Still trying to work out exactly what took place. He must have hit a tree, a pylon or just completely stacked it. Surreal. 
helps
You think that's bad? You should have been with me in Nigeria.
Well, course I then had to go back that way, know it was there.
That was a younger guy and he was attempting to slide down the hand rail. 
Cats do prefer being outside I think, in my opinion it's in their blood.But they aren't designed for modern busy roads and other hazards and until they get accustomed to them they certainly are at risk. Or current cat's brother lost an argument with a car, but our one seems fairly savvy when it comes to roads... In as much as he goes nowhere near them.
I never thought I'd write this sentence, but good man for putting the cat out of its misery by shooting it. That must have been fucked up for you too, and calling a vet or something would have had the same outcome but with prolonged suffering for the cat.I think I'm done with this thread now. Gonna go spend some time with my kitty.
fuck man, I gotta stray cat that comes to my house whenever I come home from school and this is one of my worst fears
Jesus Christ, that's disturbing.
I'm sure it was disgusting for you to have to see what the mother cat did, but she was trying to do exactly what you did the only way she knew how. Often times cats will eat their sick or deformed newborns. It's just their way of ending their misery, I suppose.  
Yes. 
Yeah and I agree with that. It's just that now when I read the paper and see patient taken to hospital, i know it's probably not always a happy nice story, and could be a tragedy, that's all. 
Alternative discretion
Never come back in front of a tractor-trailer without signals on, for at least 10 blinks, and continuing at the speed you passed him. When you check blind spot pulling back in, make sure you can see every one of his lights and mirrors in your mirror. This guarentees that you arent pulling into his blind spot, and that he has the distance to slow down and maneuver if he needs to.
I didn:t see him today. It happened almost a decade ago. I meant that, since then, to this day, I never saw a so serene face, dead or alive. He looked like someone who knew serenity and had a pure heart, and was perfectly self aware, but had closed eyes.
I think he meant still today. lol can't sense if you're being sarcastic or not though.
I think OP means up to this day
Did he survive?
I hope he met peace at last.
Why... Why would you think that?
Nope. As the hair on their head thins, the pubes grow longer and thicker.... and silverier
To be honest, some movies are more graphic than the real thing.  
You are correct.I will not edit it though, I'm committed now.
Yep.  I'm always super careful on escalators because as a child my parents told me that I would get sucked into it if I stepped on it wrong.  Obviously they were messing with me, but it stuck with me enough to be aware! 
They lived.  Only one was hospitalized due to a number of broken bones.  It was crazy reading the newspaper write up the next day to get the full story.
Hey, thanks! I couldn't imagine doing anything else - it's heartbreaking, but it's fufilling. I've since moved to cardiac and thoracic and spend my days helping with dissecting aneurysms, but I'll be darned if I don't miss trauma burn. 
On my first weeks taking antidepressants my psychiatrist had me on tranquilizers as well.    I think I'd have reacted the same way.
At my university, the oldest residence building (ca. mid-60s) was built with doors to balconies in each of the common rooms. They removed the doors a few years later because too many kids were trying to commit suicide during finals, and a few succeeded. Not the best thing parents of future students want to hear on a campus tour.
I used to live near an university. Growing up I remember hearing about  drunk students falling out the windows on a somewhat regular basis. I took a while for the university to actually do anything about it.
Well, kinda
I forgot about that. The weird thing is that the cat want dead very long and I always thought degloving occurred after the body decayed for a while 
Even tandem instructors have a backup emergency parachute, in addition to their main. The chances of that actually happening are almost impossible. 
Seriously? That of all things became Meta this fast?
Well you know where to go post this.
meta
METAETA
:(
*Matt Damon bursts into tears*
Don't fuck with me man! 
In 2009, I (as a cyclist) was hit by a car. I got very lucky; 14 bones broken including bones that were broken in 2 or 3 places, but nothing life threatening or permanently disfiguring, nor did I end up disabled. I can't move 2 of my little toes too well, but I hardly notice that in day to day life.The driver was under the influence of a nice cocktail of alcohol and GHB. He got 3 years (and served 2.5 of them because of bad behaviour), and a 10 year driving ban. I met him just before he got out (it was part of my psychological treatment plan and he agreed to the meeting, or we wouldn't have been able to arrange it), and he told me that he wished he'd killed me because then those 2.5 years might feel like he deserved it. Because 2.5 years 'just for a few ouchies' was 'too much'.It actually helped me to see how much of an asshole he was. Because I realised that some people are just assholes and do stuff like that, and being their victim is just random chance. Can't help it; so don't worry about it. That realisation made me a lot less afraid of random incoming cars when outside.  
An acquaintance of my mother's hit a man while she was driving drunk. It was an older man who was going on a walk with his grandkids, and the man died at the scene as his grandkids were watching.She also got five years and ended up serving almost two (this was in Missouri, Saint Louis area and also over a decade ago). She's a horrible person that my mom is no longer in contact with. The reason she did so little time is because she had a great lawyer who knew all the judges and I think that is often what it comes down to.My cousin had three DUIs and on his third one, happened to t-bone a police officer and permanently injure that person's leg/knee so they couldn't be a cop anymore. He also had a well known fantastic lawyer in his area and spent thousands of dollars on the cases. He lost his license permanently and didn't do any jail or prison time. This was over fifteen years ago now though also.
My mother drove drunk and crashed her car. There was no one else involved, but she totaled her car. She wasn't arrested, no fines, no jail time and she was obviously way over the limit. She was fighting with the doctors and the cops at the hospital, and my dad overheard the cops saying that they'd hope she'd stop so they wouldn't /have/ to arrest her. She continues to drink and drive. I've never caught her so I've never been able to report it. If they just arrested her, hopefully she would have learned something. How many others have they let get away with crimes? It makes me absolutely sick. 
My best friend was killed by a drunk driver and the driver was given a similar sentence.  Worst part is the douche had no remorse for his actions. 
Gives you two years to recruit the people who'll make sure he's never able to drive a car again.
This happened to someone I went to high school with, as well. Guy got like, five years for taking the life of a very promising young man who was about to propose to his girlfriend, had his entire life in front of him. The driver, who was drunk and iirc had cocaine in his system, tried to say he jumped out in front of him. He wasn't even in the damn street; he was in a driveway/yard. It is disgusting. My ex-husband has had his license suspended for years for DUI but it never stopped him from driving. He had lied to me about it, but when I found out I lost all respect for him and could never get it back. Now I make sure to get at least a glimpse of the license of any guy I date before things get serious. I know it sounds stupid, but I don't trust anyone who thinks that it is okay to drive drunk.
But get caught with ONE joint....
our justice system is based on deterrence, not punishment. if it were the other way around he'd get the death sentence and we'd have two broken families
There was a guy who drunk or high while driving and he killed one of my friends in high school. It was late and the street lights back home start blinking. My friend was riding his bike and this guy just ran right into him. He was in a coma, but was pronounced brain dead. That was 7 or 8 years ago and the guy is already out of jail.
I got another for you. When I was 5 my uncle and his daughter were hit by a drunk driver. She died, he survived. A year later he was hit by a drunk driver again. He didn't walk away from that one, literally, he is now paraplegic. His wife couldn't handle everything that happened and left him about a year after that. Going to see him breaks my heart. You can tell he lives for those visits, cause my cousin would have been my age. But it makes me happy too because despite all this he is one of the happiest, funniest guys I know. I narrowly avoided death myself, thanks to my dad. He wouldn't let me go out with friends one night. I wonder if he's psychic or if there's a special parent instinct cause for a rare once he had no reason, he just didn't want me to. They were hit by a drunk driver on their way in to the city and every one of them died. 4 friends gone, all at once. 
automated cars and elon musk and his huge musk glands will solve this
To me, being on your mobile while driving is just that little bit worse. Drink driving requires time to get drunk and there is time for people around you to see you going to your car and say, Oi! whereas looking down to read the first half of this comment and you could have plowed into another car or whatever. So much less build up, and still more socially acceptable.
Recognize that these people aren't objectively evil or anything but rather the product of a society that fosters behavior like this partly by nature and partly by design.America and humans in general have had alcohol as their drug of choice since forever and in America we push alcohol and drinking hard, particularly on young people.Combine with a lot of more rural areas (and some cities) where drinking and the bars is more or less the national pastime and everyone needs cars to get around.It's just a recipe for disaster, America has an alcohol problem and we've been reluctant to acknowledge it or do anything about it. I guess for example I believe sentences for drunk driving are fairly lenient compared to what we think they should be because there is a recognition that the people driving drunk are the product of a rigged game in the first place. I mean that's not the only reason and sentences are not what they should be, but pretty much everything about drunk driving is not what it should be from the ground up because it's not as much an individual problem as a societal one.
It seems like he was rehabilitated, which should really be the goal of our justice system. He realized his mistake and is now doing everything he can to prevent it from happening to other people, and he certainly isn't going to do it again.
Yup.  I've driven drunk exactly once and it was terrifying how I didn't realize what I was doing at first.  I was leaving a friend's house after DnD and made it to the intersection at the end of his block.  A car flashed its high beams at me and I realized I hadn't even turned my headlights on.  I immediately parked and walked back to his house.  That's how I realized I have a certain point of drunk where I don't even realize I'm drunk.  I'm very glad I only drove half a block. 
For fearing that your friends might hurt themselves? Doesn't seem fair.
That should be in every country. If you are too lazy to put a damn helmet on your head, you don't deserve to drive.
> I have never seen someone on a motorbike without a helmet.New Hampshire doesn't require them but when I lived up there I wouldn't ride without my full-face helmet, riding boots, jacket, pants and gloves.Too many people would ride in a t-shirt and jeans with no helmet. The ground is too unforgiving to risk going down.
I got some $10 head back in highschool
Depends where you live. Obviously never buy a $10 helmet.  But in some jurisdictions all helmets must meet the same protection standards, and therefore buying the best fitting helmet is safer than buying the most expensive one. Also always buy a full face helmet. 
An $80 HJC helmet will protect your head just as well as a $600 Shoei. As long as it's a genuine helmet that is DOT and/or Snell certified. Full face helmets should be your only choice unless you like dragging your face along the pavement or ripping your jaw off when it hits a cars A pillar. 
This is going to sound ridiculous to people who may consider the two-wheeled life, but if you want a good DOT approved helmet, you're gonna be averaging ~$500. Get over it; it's a small price to pay in lieu of medical, or even funeral costs.
at once or one at a time?
Did you change thought midway through the post lol? I'm confused. 
I don't know either... 
r/itsjasonbourne
I mean, yeah, obviously. At the very, very least, she had an instant death and didn't suffer. Her daughter had to witness it and live with that trauma. 
Poor me a large one
Ikr.  And then they be like jokingly If they run over me, They'll have to pay me and the hospital And I'm like bro you be dead at that point.
/r/nocontext
Where I live, the green man is white.
Also if you know what you're doing and the people who are trying to help are going to make it worse, don't be afraid to say something. Old woman fell on ice in a parking lot, I pulled in right after it happened luckily. Some idiot was trying to put ice on her neck because she said it hurt... it was about 15 degrees outside and she was already laying on frozen concrete. They were also getting ready to try and move her. I told them to call an ambulence, took my coat off and literally ordered people to look for blankets in their car or give me their jackets.
I just hope that more people take the same action if it ever happens to them! Thanks!
/don't trust authority  /kill guy yourself
This absolutely. I have been to countries where you could literally spit on someone, and he/she would rather let you walk away instead of doing anything that may get the attention of law enforcement.
That's weird - as a Moroccan I've never heard or seen anything of that sort
I dunno, he said russian and west african immigrants and pointed out that ignorance killed the guy. Seems more likely they learned to fear law enforcement. 
Is there alot of west-african and russian imigrants there?if you think thats bad regularly in Palestine the ambulance go through check points, one man's son fell off a tractor and cut his head and died because the ambulance took 6 hours to get there.But I suppose according to reddit thats their fault because they are unpeaceful and never existed before the 60's.
Ha! No, this was a real guy. The sound in TWD wasn't anywhere close. It almost sounded like hitting a wet softball.
I'd honestly keep it that way. The young children trying to talk to her is still in my head.
It's not that bad really. It's definitely a bit bad but there's miles worse out there
I tried. He started screaming and I couldn't do it, I turned it off immediately. True keening is hard to hear. My cousin's widow did it at the viewing too, that will also stick with me forever. 
https://youtu.be/cOf3dJ0vmMgIt takes a few seconds but it's a quick video anyway. 
Dont want to bring it up but how are they doing today?
Did they survive? If you don't mind me asking.
It's traumantic.
I'm hoping the cab was painted red and so the red streaks were from paint.
Burning hair. That's the smell, just magnified by 100x
Obviously I can't, and on principle, I won't tell you what to do. It's just advice, from an anonymous friend.Best of luck.
So I have PTSD from something completely different. But I have a problem of blocking things away because of it, and it makes it so I don't really experience my feelings and emotions.Like, I have them, I just don't feel them.So they tend to fester, and then I'll have something that knocks me off kilter and I'll have a breakdown. Do you experience something like this? If so, I would just recommend that talking about it does help. Or just acknowledging it. Like, bringing flowers to a grave, or making a memorial to someone or something. Bringing it to the surface where it's *okay* to feel it, the horror, the sadness, the anger. Do something to process through it, if you feel it still is affecting you. It is very dangerous, to you, to leave PTSD untreated. I don't know how it's affecting you now, and I don't know where you are mentally, but you don't have to live with this. You don't have to have the night terrors. I get them too, and I was prescribed a medication that made it so I didn't dream. And it helped!There are options to you. And you can take them if you feel ready. I just want you to know that you deserve to be happy. What you witnessed and went through is nothing I can even pretend to imagine. It makes sense that it might tangle you up inside, and that's okay.It's okay to be hurt by the things we go through. It's okay to take time to work through these things. I know it sucks to admit you have issues. But the first step is accepting that none of it is your fault. You're allowed to feel horrified by what you witnessed. You're allowed to be a bit messed up.I hope you have a good day, and you get on the right path.
Jeez... Dude.
I never even move my vehicle until everyone has a seatbelt on. My wife catches herself putting it on even if we are only going to drive around the property to move a trailer or something. It's a damn good habit to have is what I tell her
Everyone knows Ableton is way better anyway.
Le liberal man of fire
I was going to say The cost of gasoline so... well done, you. 
Sure.Wanna share the experience.It helps when other know things that someone knows
If you're going quickly enough when you crash the g-forces can just take the head off quite easily enough. It happened to one of my brother's friends when he crashed his GSXR.
What happened in Nigeria?
They might prefer it, like a kid might like to run where they choose, but it's certainly more dangerous. Indoor cats live, on average, to age 18-20. [Outdoor cats live to *5* and die horrible deaths.](http://www.mobilespca.org/Portals/0/downloads/documents/Your%20Cat%E2%80%94Indoors%20or%20Out.pdf)
We live in farmland so it's not a super busy road. She was just in the wrong place at the wrong time. :( 
 It's not so much trying to end it's misery (since cats, like any predatory animal don't experience empathy), as it is trying to dispose of the body. Think about it like this: a dying kitten is going to die anyways, and meanwhile the scent from all that blood and death is attracting other predators, which is putting the rest of the litter and momma herself in danger.As for the sick/deformed newborns you mentioned; well, being sick/deformed greatly decreases a baby animal's already low chances of survival, and meanwhile is a drain on resources. |Eating the body is simply the quickest way for momma cat to dispose of the body/scent, thus keeping her litter and herself, safe.
Good.
Yep, I always signal for much longer when merging in front of a semi, and give a lot more space.  I have family who's driven them before, and I've ridden in one, so I've seen the other side of things.  It's often not pretty.
To this day would be best suited.
He was already dead when I spotted him. The serene face of a dead man. I've seen lots of dead people in my life, even some without faces, but that one was different. He seemed like someone who died with a clear conscience and seen something very good during his passage, not someone who died in a violent accident and had last moments of despair.
their hair falls out
Nah, some people do lose or have their pubes thin out as they age.
Oh, that's good! It sounded much worse from how you described it. I'm glad they're alive (and probably well by now). Do you know what happened to the assailant?
I'm speaking as a student. It's actually an eviction-worthy offense if I tamper with the restrictor on my window.
The chances are significantly closer to impossible if you never leave the ground. 
2fast2meta
70\10 is a very danger fap, dead things are disease
I just watched this movie like a week ago, I'm so glad I get this reference
Its not your fault.
An asshole like that is almost certainly driving again, despite the ban. Catch him and report him. 
Just curious, if you were a judge what do you think the appropriate sentence is?
My mother did it too. I got a call from a family friend that my mother was staggering down the side walk at like 6:30 in the morning, after she had tried to get in the packing which wasn't open yet...She would drive drunk all the time, blaming any accidents that happened (at least 5) on dropping her cigarette. We had cops in the family so everything so swept under the rug. Same reason I never got bagged. :(
TBH, they don't.
Reddit: Encouraging vigilantism since 2005
I'm so sorry that happened to you. \*hug*
Huge internet hugs
Gods...That's so lousy for your family. My cousin got killed by a drunk driver sort of. Drunk asshole parked his car in the breakdown lane to go to get another drink at a restaurant. Cousin was driving in the breakdown lane, it was permissible at that hour. Came up on the car with his buddy, tried to get around the car and this bitch hit him. He died a few days later when my Aunt pulled the plug. 
The assholes will find some other way to be terrible people. The problem isn't the car, it's the person. 
What an excellent comment.Makes a change from the usual stuff that comes up on this topic I think drunk drivers should be hanged by their balls until they die! - great, that'll solve the problem, very insightful.
Nothing wrong with drinking a lot. To be honest, most Americans can barely drink compared to most Europeans because they start so late, and also fail to develop responsible drunk behaviour at the crucial earlier age because of the ludicrous age restriction. Also the leniency of DUIs is insane. You get caught driving that drunk once in the UK - you lose your licence forever and go to prison. We have the same culture of rural pubs and heavy drinking but drink driving has basically evaporated compared to when we had a similar 'slap on the wrist' system. It needs a lower drinking age and absolutely zero tolerance to drink driving. If you can't afford a taxi/uber home, or if someone sober isn't going to drive you home, or if you can't walk home, then you can't go drinking. Simple as that. I'll be shocked if it's ever done this way though - Americans simply need cars too much for the government to ban them from driving forever, thanks to atrocious public transport and practically everywhere being unfriendly to pedestrians. 
Ah, the old reddit [helmet-aroo](https://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/5tdv6j/til_that_finland_once_accidentally_built_a/ddm8vxb/?context=2&st=iz1secpx&sh=faff12ac)
No, what he means if that if you're two friends riding motorcycles and one of you gets into an accident, both of you lose your licence.Norwegians are very big on solidarity.
This. Its certainly illegal in the UK. Its just common sense.
Such people are known as organ donors.
damn, op's mom overcharged you.
Who hasn't?
I've been riding for a while and found that around $300 is the best value per dollar. Sure a $500 and above helmet is really nice, and it may be worth it since they last a while (unless you use it). But you can still find great helmets for around $300. I went down wearing a $300 helmet and hit fairly hard, and was able to walk out of the hospital an hour later with no head injuries. 
Yes.
I had already written my joke, then I read the post again and saw that it said grammar, not wanting to have the time that it took to write the joke wasted, I put that at the end and commented anyway. 
Yea, he totally did
But maybe not in a highway.  This happened a few days ago. http://www.cbc.ca/news/canada/british-columbia/good-samaritan-from-kamloops-dies-after-accident-on-highway-1-1.3977785
I wouldn't call the cops if someone spit on me, I'd probably keep walking or spit on them depending on the situation.
Hm. Maybe it's a regional thing? She lived in a smaller village where life was more provincial, maybe that has something to do with it.
I didn't say the country initially because I didn't feel like getting into a war on the internet defending the relative merits and problems with the country. This story would have happened the same way in any other country.In answer to your first question, yes, Israel tends to be a massive haven for immigrants and refugees in the Middle East. With the exception of middle eastern conflicts, which Israel does not accept mass refugees from for obvious reasons, if there has ever been a country people have been fleeing from, you will find a population in Israel.
Lots of Russians in Israel, wasn't aware of many West Africans.
I have this burning curiosity. It's like my holy grail of blue links. The one I've never quite wanted to click, but am so curious to see what it sounds like.I know I'll regret it. But one day I will probably click on the link.That day is not today.
Yea I'll just take your word on it
Yeah, I think I might need to go get a psych evaluation now...
Omg I'm so sorry what a cliff hanger my bad. Little stoned. Yeah both were fine. There was a small ledge/ramp thing that my sister was able to put my niece up onto and keep her out of the water. I ran back over the hill and alerted other people in the national park we were at who were able to call for fire fighters and park Rangers. The Rangers were absolutely retarded and in the way.  But the firefighters really knew their shit and had them both out of there in no time. Both were very cold and wet although suffered nothing worse than scrapes
They were not.  
With the smell of blood and flesh.. Its awful. 
I appreciate it. :)
Thanks.  Really though what has long bothered me was my friends death in 2006, and my sisters mental breakdown aside from some.. Child abuse. But yea.  I have alot of anger issues and relationship issues. This incident while traumatic is just part of a list of shit.  I should see someone. I haven't in over a year. 
I'm not a rare case. It happens far too often. War is a part of life. 
I use my turn signal when pulling into my driveway in an empty cul de sac. Habitual driving is key. If you make exceptions here or there you'll inevitably make more.
Many times I've felt a moment of panic because I'm not wearing my seat belt, only to realize I haven't even gotten into the car yet. I credit my parents for instilling the habit in me.
[removed]
I love how you say it happened to one of my brother's friends like he won a cereal competition.
Damn. Sorry to hear about that.
You sure you want to know?
I got picked up hitch hiking by a pretty awesome old guy trucker. Seeing and feeling first hand how much room a 80,000 truck needs to even slow down 10/kph gave me a healthy respect for them when I drive and in my current job. (Vehicle traffic control person, aka flagger)
This was probably the most hopeful comment in this thread. Thanks for sharing. 
OP I love how you reply to every fap!
I refuse to let revenge run my life. It's a crappy way to live. So no, I won't. 
Same sentence as murder. I know manslaughter is for accidents, but there is nothing accidental about getting behind the wheel of a car drunk. 
Drunk Driving and killing someone, 25yrs-Life. Drunk Driving and injuring someone, 10-15yrs. Loss of license in both situations permanently and no parole. 
Ive read stories of people killing others in a drunk driving mishap and it absolutely destroying them. So I can definitely see some having remorse,  but it is sad that so many don't feel guilt or remorse. The guy who killed my friend said in court that it was my friends fault for the accident. My friend was stopped while waiting to turn into his development,  blinker on.  The driver was going 60  in a 35, and braked late while trying to pass on his right,  hitting him at about 40+ mph. I still can't believe he blamed my friend for following traffic law. 
Sure, but will that other way they find to be terrible be as endangering to others? If the car can drive you home, you don't need to try. I wouldn't be surprised if, once they're fully automated, that they have a safety feature where if you're drunk your only option **is** for the car to drive you home.
I agree that it's no help but I can totally understand why people hold that opinion and think it's important to let them have their opinion. Having someone close to you die due to a completely avoidable reason, aka some drunk idiot, isn't exactly something that you just get over. And while I completely agree a life sentence is no solution at all the current sentences just seem completely out of proportion. 2-3 years in prison for effectively killing someone while illegal movie streaming can easily get you in jail for 5-10 years isn't exactly a consolation to people that lost someone due to a drunk driver.
Hold my ten-foot red stain, I'm going in!
...I think I'll keep my helmet on while i go in. 
This so much. There shouldn't need to be a law demanding people protect their fucking lives. 
wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_burn_centers_in_the_United_States
First thing to look out for is Danger and first priority is yourself, so you don't also become a victim.
Many Ethiopians as well. 
You've probably clicked other things you regret clicking. This one is 10x worse. I can't think of a proper adjective to use, but when I consider that I will have to live the rest of my life having seen that video... it's not a good feeling.
I wish I had never watched it
Not worth it, man. Trust me. It hits some sort of psychological trigger in your head that makes it much worse than anything i've actually watched, and i'm lesser for it. 
> fell down a rock crevasse> Little stoned.aye
:(
Is that him covered in the white sheet?
Yes
All I know about you is your username and this comment, but the latter makes me believe you are a good person. Good job. Proud of you. 
Less revenge, more helping prevent others from being harmed?
How is it revenge to stop him doing the same to someone else?
You're not getting revenge, your protecting other people. 
Haha, most of these other comments... holy shit. You're more sensible than they are, good on you!
If he's out there driving under the influence again. It isn't revenge. Its doing a solid for everyone else out there whom he may hurt. 
Agreed, and I say that as someone who was charged with drunk driving, but no one got hurt. I was stupid, and I paid for my stupidity for years after that. I didn't get convicted, but still was on probation and couldn't drive, and the monetary costs were insane. This was almost ten years ago and I haven't driven if I've had more than one drink since then. I'm just glad no one was hurt. I don't think I could handle that guilt.But the decision to get behind the wheel that night after drinking way too much (almost double the legal limit) was mine, and mine alone, and I still pay for it every now and then. No sympathy for drunk drivers.EDIT: Probation, not parole. Never done time.
I was in a coma for a week because of a drunk driver, his trial was this last week. He ended up getting 1 year in jail with 6 years probation. I just had my 7th surgery at the end of January and I have one more coming up. Im gonna spend longer recovering from the accident than he will spend in jail.
Oh I'm sure it will be great to have autopilot cars, I'm really excited for them and they will absolutely help. However, fundamentally there is a problem with the selfish entitled nature that leads to people thing drunk driving/boating/etc is a perfectly reasonable thing to do. That is a problem that is harder to solve. 
Hello, future people!
The word you're looking for is haunting.
Cliff hanger
No, by sheer coincidence, a ghost also happened to be passing by at the exact momen... oh, yeah, it's him. 
Does anyone have a mirror? Stupid mods removing the post, why? This is a NSFW thread and comment chain, do they think someone would go thinking it would be cute kittens in the link?
FUCK ME ITS GONE 
My dad was born and raised there, decades ago. We went back to see what what it was like. Went on a river trip. I was messing around, poking something in the water that I thought was a log. It was a dead body.
We'll be forever immortalized, just like OP's face!
Thanks for making my day! 
Could it be the ghost of the deceased? Does anyone know how long it takes for a dead guy to become a ghost? 
Fuck the mods.
Check his profile, it's linked there still. 
If you really want to see it you can look at OP's comment history.
Check his comment history it's still there, just removed from this thread. Or at least it is on AlienBlue
You quite hyped up the experience in Nigeria. You got other stories from the country?
Pretty gruesome but it seems like motorcycle decapitation would still be worse. Unless it was full of eels or something.
Definitely shocking
That was the craziest thing I saw in Africa. I did a lot of travelling around there. Great continent. So much going on, but this was decades ago. Things might have changed since then.
The body was a strange colour. Blue turning to purple. I don't know what to think, anymore.
Posted this in a previous thread, butI let a girl that I had a crush on use my calculator for a maths test. When she returned it, I noticed she hadn't cleared the calculator... I then proceeded to wank to the equations she put in.EDIT: I took the calculator home with me.EDIT 2: Huge thanks to /u/Face_reality for the gold!
My ex was hot, her mom was hotter, and wore skimpier swimsuits. Girlfriend caught me scoping her mom's thong clad backside while inefectually hiding a boner. Argument ensued, smoothed things over, then went to bathroom to knock one out. Teenage me was ashamed, 40 year old me gets it. 
I was riding my bike home, and i stopped to rub one out on a park bench. It was dark and no possible way anyone saw me, but it was still dodgy as fuck.
When I was a teenager I rubbed one out in the middle of a movie theater, sitting right next to 2 (both male) friends. It was during the 2002 Spiderman movie, right after Kirsten Dunst got caught in the rain....it was just too much for my 13 year old self to handle.  I pulled my sweatshirt over my knees, and went at it under the tent it created.  The worst part was...I looked to my right while doing it and said to my friend are you fucking jacking off right now? as he had his hands in his hoodie pouch.  
I've fapped to the sims woohooingI was young and didn't have much material...Edit: I really did not want this to be my top ever comment... but at least I'm not alone.
Back in high school a friend and I dropped acid and a few hours later were walking around my neighborhood. I don't even remember how it came up but we both were horny, which is weird for acid (for me atleast). We went on opposite sides of the road and found trees to hide behind and both jerked off. I won. 
The Diary of Anne Frank.I mean, I obviously didn't masturbate to all the Holocaust stuff. But it was the diary of a girl, my age (at the time), who was in the process of discovering herself, both sexually and romantically. She also includes some very detailed descriptions of her body. For a horny middle-schooler, it was a reasonable thing to fap to.But, regardless, that's definitely the one I'm most ashamed of.
To this video, and the pornstar had just died that day and all the comments were saying rip.  I finished, then googled to see if it was real and the shame sank in that I willingly kept going evenEDIT: Yes, Amber Rayne
I used my mums phone to watch porn (already shameful) and while I was climaxing my grandmother called, so I ended up jizzing to a pic of my gram gram.
Not me. But when my dad was in the hospital I guess his heart rate monitor went bananas in the middle of night and..no cause was ever found..had an attractive doctor..seemed suspect. RIP
so I'm slowly starting to understand I don't have to respond to every responseTIL how to reddit
I've fapped to all kinds of weird, messed up porn and fantasies. I'd be embarrassed if people knew, but that's not the worst. My real, least proud fap would be fapping to the fantasy of having a loving girlfriend I'm cuddling and holding in my arms as we fall asleep together.
I tore a ligament in my dominant wrist but I don't have enough experience to be using my other hand to masturbate so... pushed my recovery date back two weeks. Was worth it.
I beat it to this wooden african tribal sculpture of a topless village girl when I was about 12-13 which my mom kept in our living room. Another top contender would be me jerking off to a nude plastic doll (one of those cheap barbie knock offs) by shoving it down my pants and moving it up and down along my pubescent dick. Definitely some of the worst/lowest moments in my fapping history  but I turned out surprisingly non weird with regards to any sexual fetishes so I suppose it wasn't too bad.Edit: I would have made an edit saying how ashamed I am of my highest rated comment but /u/HolidayDoggos has been a swell OP and made this feel like /r/wholesomememes 
Not mine but the top story last time this thread was posted and it still makes me chuckle thinking about it.OP was in his tent and heard heavy breathing and screaming a few tents down. Listening to someone have sex really turned him on and he had his fap. Woke up the next day and found the tent he had fapped to was the residence to a mentally disabled boy who had had an episode that night.TL;DROP masturbated to the screaming of a disabled boy.  Edit: /u/spankeyjones it turns out was the glorious source of this story. Be sure to congratulate him when you see him.
Not me, my brother. When he was around ~~10~~ 15, before porn was over the internet, he had lots of porn magazines. One day he felt like having the fap of his life, so he laid out all his magazines on the floor and he fapped furiously while walking on top of the magazines and looking at them. That's when grandma opened the door... I really cannot begin to imagine what occurred in her head after that image.
Reading all these comments kinda got me all hot and bothered.So, this thread.
Sigh... It was at an music festival which took place in the woods. I took half a pill of ecstasy and took the other half about 15 minutes later cause I didn't feel anything. Huge mistake.The next 3-4 hours or so I can't recall at all. Next thing I know is me slowly waking up from my trip, laying on my back in the woods next to the dance floor. Around me, a group of people laughing and pointing at me. It took me quite a few seconds to realize, I was still stroking my flaccid dick like a madman. That was the last time I took ecstasy. Edit:Hooray! My highest rated comment is THIS story. A few of you mentioned that it's uncommon to pass out on ecstasy, and I took something else most likely. Totally possible. It was a blue little pill, that's all I know. And I didn't really pass out. I'm pretty sure I had the time of my life. I just don't remember it.  
This was a few years ago. I just got out of a 4 year relationship and was having sex with a new girl for the first time since the breakup (it was 2-3 weeks afterwards). The sex was great and The chick looked better than my ex, but I just couldn't bust a nut. So I pretend to cum, get dressed and go home....On my ride home I began to fap while driving to memories of my ex and I having sex. 
I never get any private messages from hot babes looking for a 32 year old unemployed man so sometimes I pretend people like me and fap to the thought of it. 
I was about 13yo and got the brilliant idea of quick fap while I was in the bathroom. This was before smartphones so I had to go old school and imagine stuff in my head. While I'm going at it the door suddenly opened up and there's my father...18 years later and it's still not one of my proudest moment.
I got into hospital because of an epileptic seizure. I was there for a week. I was the only person in the room, and i had my own shower.I couldn't do anything for day 5. My girlfriend visited me every time, and i asked her to flash her boobs to me. She did. That night i went to the shower and i fapped. I was so ashamed after i came. I was standing under the shower thinking: Fucking hell dude, people are dying right now in this floor, and in this same hospital, maybe even the next room to mine. It was absolutely horrible. 
I live in the inner city and as I was fapping, a gun fight broke out. I still continued even as I thought about the people getting killed...
Not me but my friend who was visiting Europe saw one of those classical statues with no arms and legs and decided to fap to it later.
Once had a random guy message me on kik about how he'd make me his wonderful little slave girl regardless of whether I wanted it or not... I gave him a piece of my mind, blocked him and then got off to that later in the day. 
Was around 14 and just learning about my sexuality and porn and I learnt that an ice cube is supposed to help with the stimulation. So I'm naked under my bed it's midnight and I'm rubbing this ice cube all over my gooch when suddenly the light of my room flips on and I duck under my covers. Normally I don't have much privacy and if I ducked so quickly my mom would think I was hiding my iPod or something (I didn't have a phone then) and pull over the blanket to see. But somehow that night all she did was squint at me and put something on my dresser and tell me that I should be asleep by now. But in that panic my hand had slipped and I accidentally stuffed the entire cube in my vagina and I couldn't fish it out afterwards so I had to lay there and wait for it to melt and that's the story of my first and last experiment in bed along with a supposed bed wetting explanation the next day. 
An extra curvy piece of wood. 
At my super boring job, I realized I can almost masturbate just by spreading my knees out and back in again in a certain way. I thought only women could get off using only their legs and no hands. But it works pretty well, especially when I'm semi erect. But it doesn't get me all the way there. So the other day, I jacked it in my car in the large parking lot outside work. Looking at 8 month old nudes (the most recent) sent to me by an old fuck buddy of mine. Came in a tissue paper I stole from the bathroom, put it in the driver's side door pocket. It's still there. 
My dad had a bad habit of bursting into his teenaged son's bedroom without knocking. Normally it was fine cos I could hear him walking down the hallway, but he had his leg amputated and lived his last few years in a wheelchair. Rolling is much quite than walking... So, one time I was jerking to porn on my computer, and he burst in right when I was at the point of no return. I just dropped out of my chair and hit the floor, spurting cum everywhere. The was a silence for a few seconds then I just heard him roll backwards and quietly close the door. Neither of us ever mentioned it. 
I was 11, first fap ever. Thought farting would be a turn on. I ended up shitting myself and walking with a poeey ass to the bathroom and didn't jack off for 2 years after that.
I once fapped to a (not hot at all) news anchor and I remember thinking: If I can fap to this I can fap to anything like that was something to be proud of. 
No one will see this so I won't even bother making a throwaway.  I was going through old family videos when I was about 16. It was mainly just videos of my brother and I being idiots when we were young kids.  Well, one of the tapes was cut short by another recording. It turned out my parents decided to make a sex tape. Instead of turning it off and forgetting it ever happened, I de-clothed and had a great wank.  I then put the videos back in the tv cabinet and never thought about it again. That was until I came home from University a few years later and my parents were telling the story of my brother stumbling along their video and how awkward it was. I just played along and acted like that was the most awkward part of the story.
I work in a hospital and had to do a sort of self defense course. Being one of the only sizeable people in the room, they asked if I would play the attacker role. I got to roleplay choking like 20 cute nurses and jerked one out to it later that shift.
When I was like 12, I got caught by my dad on a camping trip. We were sharing a tent. That's the worst one. When I was a tween I was addicted to whacking it. I'd be constantly on the look out for an opportunity to sneak one off. 12 was a weird time. Now I look back on that and I find it to be really humorous but for years it hung on my shoulders as my most cringe worthy experience.
Got a vasectomy about 6 months ago. Finally time to get tested to see if I was shooting blanks or not. When I left the Drs office after the vasectomy, they told me to call ahead to the lab of my choice to make sure they could run the test, because the sample is time sensitive.I called around to several labs, none answered. I knew they were open, and there was one that is close to home, so i just drove up there. Lady says they can do the test, and says do you have your sample for the test. I did not, since i wasnt sure if they could do the test or not. So i said, no i will come back with it. Now i have two choices, beat off in their small bathroom in the waiting room with her literally on the other side of the door, or go back home. I decide to go back home.So i get home and my wife asks why im home, and i tell her. The kids were being especially bad that day. Im in the the bathroom trying to rub one out while she is yelling at the kids, and the kids are hitting each other, etc. Could barely get it done but somehow i did. Didnt enjoy it at all.
Ugh I'm going to be one of *THOSE* guys...... my hot cousin :(Edit: great, my top comment is of me fapping to my cousin
I fapped to a fucking rainstorm. Lights went down and I could only see lightnings in the horizon
These are nothing.    I'm old (57).  So back in the 70s there was no easy access to porn.  So you'll probably cringe when you see where this is going.....  trust me, I'm full of shame and guilt still as I write this 40 years later....My dad had a safe in his bedroom.  I shoulder surfed him one day and proudly rattled off what the combo was.  He freaked out like I never saw him freak before.  Held me down and made me swear I had never been in that safe before.   Well, I hadn't so I didn't like and told him I didn't.Well, of course the 14 year old me was curious and it drove me nuts wondering what was in there.   So months and months of torturing myself I finally got up the nerve and I opened the safe and looked.   Tucked in behind all of his coin collections was a small photo album filled with polaroid photos of my Mom in the 50s, right after they got married, before she had me -- naked.  My God was she fucking hot. And me having never seen a naked chick before, my dick went into full on nuclear meltdown mode.So I jacked it to her -- again, and again, and again.  And I knew it was wrong.  Very wrong.  And whenever I saw my mother I felt this horrible guilt, let alone the horror of being aroused by your own mother.Finally the neighbor next door was kind enough to throw away his collection of Playboys (or his wife did) and I found them, so I was able to stop going into that safe, thankfully.   But to this day I still feel a horrible guilt and feel fucked up about it.
skipped school fapped in a graveyard, fapped behind the cash register at my old job when it was quiet, fapped off a bridge on new years eve, fapped in the middle of a vineyard. pretty much fapped everywhere
Was going to write about how I had once fapped in a train bathroom, and then I read the comments here. Man I live a boring life.
I paid a girl to record herself talking shit about me. I gave her a list of my insecurities and everything. Damn it's painful to watch at any ordinary time but when I'm horny, it's such a turn on. 
In my church on the second floor balcony during a 10 am Sunday service
*sigh*...she was a QVC underwear model. I remember the bate like it was yesterday. It was yesterday. 
The day that 9/11 occurred I closed my door, pulled up the footage and beat my meat as hard as I could; Fully aware of how terrible it was to watch, I knew that no other fap would top climaxing to those buildings dropping.  I min/maxed my shame fap.
Church camp, 14 years old. I held out as long as I could because I thought of all places God would be watching, it'd be church camp. Made it 2 days before I snuck out to the bathrooms at 3 am and rubbed out a quickie. Now I'm an atheist, but the shame that followed wasn't worth the fap.
I fapped to Kari Byron crying while being subjected to Chinese water torture on Mythbusters
When I was on deployment in the Navy I had to stand a one hour lookout watch on the very tail end of the ship looking at the water incase someone fell overboard. Due to watchbill rotations you stand this watch at all different times of day. On the really late/really early in the morning watches, I would fap on watch. I have nutted in the Atlantic Ocean, Mediterranean Sea, Red Sea, Persian Gulf and Indian Ocean. 
My best friends wifes tits.
Mrs. Butterworth
I have beat it everywhere you can imagine except on space or on a boat. I have beat it on plane, train, and automobile. I have beat it in a church and a theater, I have beat it in a car in the parking lot at work on break. I accidentally got some nut on my black sweater, and jokingly told my coworkers it was cum and they just laughed. I've beat it in the middle of the forest 50 miles from civilization and I've beat it in school more times than I can count. I've beat it in a carpet cleaning van, and in a jail cell. I've beat it in a hospital. I've beat it every single place I can think of, but my least proudest fap was probably in my grandparents backyard when I was thirteen. It was 2 AM and I was horny as can be and the night was warm. So I upped and went into the backyard and low and behold I found a semi rotten cantaloupe. Pushed some fingers into the melon then roused it with my Richard. Didn't seem too shaming. 
This happened some ten years ago. It was winter and I had just discovered fapping and  needless to say I instantly became a great fap fan. So I was walking down a street at night bordered by houses and I got this idea of fapping while walking. It was winter so I was wearing a jacket. I snuck my right hand in leaving the jacket sleeve empty. At first I was really conscious, making sure nobody noticed. But as I began to advance to the crescendo my hand movement became more and more less subtle and almost stopped walking by the time I finished. I took out my hand put it back in the jacket and began to walk and that's when I noticed a woman in a balcony had been watching me. She shook her head and went back in. I quietly walked away.
In the break bathroom in my job Edit: one of my proudest/impressive moments lol
Kellyanne Conway. I like old, leathery blondes, but this...this was too much.
I found an adult model that kind of looks like my hot aunt, 10/10 would imagine incest again
Finishing to gay porn without realizing it was gay porn
Finnaly this account comes in handy.I have had many, but my most guilty was me imagining strangling my neighbor.Not because she was hot but because she like kept beating my dick. 
I was about 14 and in my crushes room.  She left the room to do something and I couldn't help my horny 14 yr old self and rubbed one out in about 20 seconds. I splooged into my other hand and didn't know what to do with it.  So, I scraped my hand onto the inside edge of her fish tank.  The fish ate it up and she walked back in. 
A couple of my female friends on instagram...
I scarred my junk because i didn't take off my jeans.  
Auto censors please stop censoring this topic rich with comedy and abashed self-awareness. I refuse to believe this has gotten one downvote, no upvotes,  and 17 funny responses. 
Would have to be when I was sleeping over at a friends, we were on the same bed about to sleep and I got really horny thinking about this girl earlier from the night and fapped one thinking about her beside him... don't know if he knew i fapped behind him.... not proud of that at all 
After I put the kid I was babysitting to bed while I waited for the parents to come home. Edit: fapping was just to pass the time. I didn't sexualize the kid at all
After speaking with boyfriend on my way home from work late at night, I felt the urgent need to have relief.Poor choice of place to pull car over to unzip and plunge my hands between my legs- side of a main road, but hey! Late night, hardly anyone around.Part of the way going for it, random dude wandering past whilst experiencing LSD trip looks in and decides to get philosophical with me through my just cracked open window. Me. Hand still down pants. Suffice to say, didn't finish. Interesting guy though! *edit- I should also add the conversation went on for a full 10 minutes, yes, with my hand still down my pants. 
I was 11 when my 12 yr old cousin showed me how to jerk off. We were visiting friends of his mom on a farm and there was a poster of a girl with breasts free in a wooden garage. I later that day tried it on the toilet too. And holy shit that started my addiction. I went to the bathroom every 30 Minutes pretending to shit. I fucked the couch between those seating pillows while we both sleeped on it. I rubbed one out on the backseat of the car while driving home. Mostly thinking about Misty from Pokmon or Kim impossible with her triangular boobs. I hope no one noticed Edit: Kim Possible, damn Edit 2: he left this world a month ago after loosing his mom and dog and damn, this faps and us playing WWE, Future cop l.a.p.d and twisted Metal on PlayStation are my deepest associations with him. If you can read this: i like these memories, thanks!    Edit 3: i just remembered another couch! I was 15 and me and a friend joked about that his couch looks fckble. Guess what happened that night when i slept on it. I confessed drunk to him (village youth) and he was shocked! So i said i joked till today..
I looked in a mirror
I was watching this tv program in my country, there was this lady that isn't attractive and she's kind of fat (she's not curvy, she's way over that line of curvy), but she was wearing a tight dress and I kind of got turned up and things happened
I was pretty stressed in college. During lessons, I routinely excused myself to go to the toilet, where I'd masturbate to help alleviate the stress.
Was really horny in the ski lift (bench type), decided to rub one out while above tons of people. The jizz was cold in my pants that day.
I jerk myself off to completion while wearing a pair of white womens panties. Now if that wasn't sad enough this particular pair has a possibility of four owners, which are my grandmother, my aunt(oldest), my mom, or my other aunt(youngest). So yea not my proudest moment. 
Throwaway time!So back when I was like 15-16 my two buddies and I would always love getting into mischief. We had recently found two abandon houses close by and decided to check them out. Well they where both boarded up pretty heavily so we had to break in with a crowbar. We went in and basically trash the houses. We took sledgehammers to walls ripped shit etc (this had already been done to the houses so we didn't feel bad plus we were stupid teenage boys)Anyways we get to work destroying the second house. As we where ripping apart the walls we stumbled upon someones porn stash *inside* the wall! We couldn't believe it! It was only one Playboy mag but holly shit it was awesome. I have no clue how but we all decided we should masturbate to it, separately of course as we may have been horny but we had **some** dignity.So I went into the one room to do my business as the two other guys ripped out a page for themselves went into other rooms as well. I laid down onto a piece of ripped apart wall and did the deed. I walk out of the room only to find my two buddies cracking up as they told me they were just kidding and listened the whole time as I wanked it. Fucking wanted to die.*TLDR:* Found old playboy magazine in wall of abandon house. Two buddies and I agree to beat in separate rooms. Beat it to 70s bush as buddies tricked me and listened in to me moaning and jerkin the whole time. Not funny guys.
Probably fapping to pictures of my fiance in the shower in jail. I mean it was just sad. Edit: I was the one in jail in the shower. Bad wording. 
Not me but one time when I slept over at my friends house, we slept in the same bed since it was a pretty big bed and not even 5 minutes into trying to sleep, I started to feel the bed rock back and forth and I could hear his breathing grow heavier. It was happening, he was masturbating right next to me. I'm still not even sure if he was trying to hide it or if he just truly didn't give a fuck and rubbed one out regardless of how I felt about it. Well anyways I of course didn't want to sleep next to a dude choking his chicken so I slowly slipped myself off the side of the bed and slept on the floor. I vividly remember the sound he made when he finished and how unashamedly loud it was. After his climax he tossed around and immediately slept like a baby. What kind of monster can do something like that and sleep so soundly... I stayed awake the entire night. Traumatized.Edit: Why does everyone want me to do gay shit with my friends? What's wrong with all of you!
As a girl I suppose it's not really a fap, but my least proud one would be when I started to realize I was bisexual because I realized how intensely I was looking for a yearbook from my senior year of highschool. So I could find one of the pictures I knew was in it. Which was a picture which included in it a girl that I had THOUGHT I had been 'friend crushing' over or something (Basically just really wanting to be her friend because she seemed neat and so nerdy and funny and was super pretty from the few times I interacted with her). Turns out I had been real crushing on her and the picture was more attractive to me than I had expected it to be. That was a schlick (god that word makes it sound gross) I was not proud of, especially not as a good christian daughter who - as far as my parents were concerned - didn't even know what a penis looked like. Also it's made slightly more embarrassing and maybe a little weirder by the fact that she wasn't even conventionally attractive in any way. I was just REALLY into her because I had a thing for weird quirky borderline goth/emo girls apparently. 
I started to feel an urgency for masturbation at around 16, kind of late, I know but that's how it was for me so you know, when you are barely beginning to discover masturbation, everything gets you horny as hell anyway I've always been a pretty feminine guy, many people actually used to believe I was gay, so around that time I had two female friends who were really hot, they too thought I was gay. One day as part of a school project we were to a different city and we stayed in the same hotel room, they didn't have any problem to share the room with me (as they thought I was gay) when the night came the didn't change their clothes in front of me, they did it in the bathroom, but the sole idea of them getting naked made me horny as fuck, I've already masturbated before just thinking about them. However, everytime I did so, I felt pretty morally conflicted because they were my friends and I don't know why, but I just saw the whole situation of being horny over them as somewhat wrong, but I couldn't help getting a big boner because they were naked just in the bathroom next to me, to make everything worse, they left their bras and panties in front of me before they went to sleep, that made me even hornier, and as they felt asleep pretty quickly, I fapped.  Worst fap ever !! I stepped out of my bed and touched their bras imagining their breasts and smelled their both's panties, while morally I was feeling like a complete shit, but I wasn't going to stop, and to make everything worse I was so horny that I ejaculated in literally 8 seconds. I intentionally did it over their bras. No sooner did I finished jerking off than I realized I had moaned strongly (Yes, only for that 8 seconds of jerking off) I heard one of my friends moving abruptly, I thought she had woken up, so I felt like i was fucked, and yes she did wake up, but she didn't turn on the lights just asked if anybody was awake, I didn't answer nor did my other friend (who was still sleeping) and so my friend just continued sleeping, but I was about to be caught in the most embarrassing situation, but I wasn't safe, I had to remove my cum off their bras, I brought some water and a tissue to wash them, and went to sleep, I was really disappointed of myself for what I had just done and felt like an idiot. It was even worse the next day when they woke up and saw their bras that were still dirty, luckily they never suspected it was my cum, but I overheard them talking about their bras being stained while I was pretending to be sleeping. 
My (now ex) girlfriend when I was 18-19 insisted she get to watch me crank it before we did anything sexual, so I had to stand in the middle of her room with my pants around my ankles and crank it whilst she watched.It was just weirdly uncomfortable, like she was scrutinising my every movement. She seemed to be into it though, but like, when I'm cranking it, I usually just wanna get comfy, ya know? Whereas this time, I was concentrating on not doing anything too weird, and also not having any porn on was foreign to me. And to top it all off, she got pissed at me when I shot my load on her carpet. I mean, what the fuck was I supposed to do?In retrospect, it could've been a domination thing, but I feel she was just more curious about how I went about it.Nevertheless, I'd rate it 3/10 personally, wouldn't do again.
In a tent at a festival.I was randy as fuck but couldn't score so I went for a napIt feels fucking weird wanking in a tent at 2 in the afternoon fully able to hear the conversation in surrounding camps. Took me ages to splooge because it was so off putting and I had no material.Eventually jizzed onto a wad of bog roll, went out and stuck it on to the gazebo. Later on at camp I'm first to comment, who the fuck did that?
Every time I finish jacking it to Waifu Sex Simulator 1.9 in my HTC Vive, I take just a moment and think to myself I paid 1600 for this.
I've fapped at the library multiple times, along with my school bathroom. I was a horny kid.
Against the handle of a vibrating lawn mower, while I was actively mowing the lawn. I was about 13 and came in my pants. Quite messy.
Not sure which of these is worse so I'll tell both and let you all be the judge.About 13 years ago, I decided to get some counseling to deal with some issues I was having.  Counseling was successful.  The person I saw was a woman who I'd say was probably in her mid to late 50's at the time.  Few years later, I randomly started thinking of her and for some odd reason I started to imagine her giving me a blowjob.  Got real hard, and then tugged one out.  Definitely felt kind of weird/ashamed when it was all said and done.The other one happened probably a year or so after I underwent the counseling.  Was working at Wal-Mart in the layaway department at the time.  One of the regular customers was a couple that was in their mid 40's.  The wife had one of the sexiest women I have ever seen: face, body, and all.  One day after she was leaving following a transaction, I saw that her pants were so tight, I could see her thong and ass cheeks through them despite being opague material.  The mental images that followed gave me such a raging boner, that I stepped into the unisex bathroom we had back there, fapped, and shot at least a five roper.  Made sure to wipe down thoroughly and went back to work.
Kathy Griffin in that video where she's nude and it's censored and she's getting out of the pool all spread legged, I think it's an ALS spoof
Recovering porn addict...I have a lot of faps I'm not proud of. I'd have to go with the time I jerked off in my school library. Literally like 30 seconds after I came, some kid came up to me to ask for a pen to borrow. I thought he was going to call me out for beating off in public initially. Don't ask me why I did it. Was very horny and thinking irrationally at the time.
Probably the time I fapped in my teachers bathroom... **Into her bra**
Irreversible...
Either Nick Wilde or furry Robin Hood.
This is a risky one... I was at school (University) in the middle of the most boring cognitivism lecture when my teacher said something about ... and that's why when we have erotic dreams we don't actually feel the sexual act, but we do *feel* pretty much anything else easily in other kinds of dreams, wich made me remember a dream I had about a classmate recently. Went to the schools bathroom, locked myself in a toilet room, came and went back to class. Everybody fucking knew. I was just so damn bored that I did it almost unconsciously. But yeah, they all knew 
Am a straight guy. 12 year old me fapped to the mmmbop music video. Thought Taylor Hanson was a girl.  Not proud of myself once I found out
Had the chance to sleep with the girl of my dreams. It was the culmination of months of real raunchy talk, since we lived long distance from each other. Well, come the night and I couldn't get it up. Not because of her, but because I was so exhausted and nervous about messing it up.Fapped to the memory of her butt ass naked trying to go to down on my manhood like it was a drowning victim later after dropping her off at work the next morning.It's been a year, I haven't seen her since. Things are messy, I can't even fap to the messages we sent back and forth anymore without feeling really sad about how I pretty much ruined any chance with this girl.
- That Joan Rivers Superbowl commercial- Irreversible - Hot cousin
Fapped while watching samurai jack while waiting for the new seasoni'm not gay, but holy shit jack is hot
A girl I once dated reminded me today  that I once masturbated while eating cereal. That's pretty odd of me to do that... I don't know what I was thinking 
The 2004 Olympics, I fapped to the female 100 metre sprint.I was young. 
Watching two girls one cup.In the middle of a chemistry class, the lights went out. I was sitting next to my crush. I masturbated and orgasmed before the lights were switched back on. While a girl was giving me a massage, she left for a few minutes to answer the phone. I masturbated thinking about her. In a plane's bathroom, I didn't lock the door properly. A girl opened the door and saw me dick in hand. She was shocked and all I did was smile at her while I kept stroking it. 
In year 10 work experience with a accountant who worked from home. I was about 15 and for some reason started jacking it right behind my supervisor and the other year 10 student. I had never done something like it before or ever again after. Ended up jizzing up on to the underside of the desk and panicked. I just put my slimy dick back in my pants and didn't clean anything. So there still might be some 6 year old job on the underside of a man's desk.
sin-ner 
This is absurd. You win this thread.
Were you thinking of her 5318008?
This is hilarious.
That's some xxx content right there.
GG reddit. Thanks for the laugh dude.
This shit is a new level
She contributed to the exponential growth of your natural log
Mmm 5sin(2x-1)=3 oh fuck 
At what point did the mom 'accidentally' walk in on you and 'teach you how to really treat her daughter' then your gf comes in looking for the both of you and you both end up banging her brains out?
Stacey's mom, has got it goin' on...
I started to read this as a poemMy ex was hot  Her mom was hotter  Skimpier swimsuits  Than even her daughter  Girlfriend caught me  Checking out her moms thong  All the while hiding  My very erect dong  We fought for a while  But now everything's fine  Had a quick fap  Oh what a wonderful time  Edit: Formatting
I believe this is called a bicycle pump.
You are full of nature and wholesome bike riding. Not dodgy, filled with sudden weird lustful love of existenceAmazing fap 17/10 tbh
Hell, I'm kind of jealous of the experience.
Wtf did you do with your cum
everyone could smell it 
Ah that is pure geniusAccuse someone else and they won't suspect you're doing it
do you like penis coladas.. and kirsten dunst caught in the rain...
There was a code you could type in for the first sims game that took away the blurry pixels when they showered, then You could move the shower while they were using it with another code so they would just be standing there naked rubbing themselves.... my sims were very clean...
I thought I was the only one. Wow. 
[deleted]
It's ok, we all fapped to the Sims
Well I acknowledge your winning but what did you think about while fapping? Because that is the heart of the humiliation. Still15/10 for symmetry while fapping. That's really prolly implicitly sapiosexual and fap weirdhotWere the trees the same or different species?
I find most of the WWII stuff rather difficult to fap to. Takes a lot of concentration. 
In the full diary, didn't she mention how she learned to masturbate? Maybe I'm too trusting of TIL but there was a post about how she was super detailed about exploring her body and the version we read in school is the g-rated edition. 
Whoa, interesting. I get you, though. I had pretty strict pseudoxtian parents and had to make to due with pretending to backhide various chess pieces from Holden Caulfield for a lot of years. And youtube, of course. 
Found Jeff Mangum
I am genuinely in love with Anne Frank. She was beautiful, witty, and graceful young woman who light was snuffed out far too early.  I frequently fantasize about being Peter van Pels hiding with her.  Oh god, just imagine deflowering that sweet girl on a lazy Amsterdam afternoon, lying and learn what each other's bodies were for.  Now imagine nine months later, she's got a massive bulging stomach from carrying your child inside of her and it seems like shes gonna pop any moment now. Her popped belly button makes it look like she's got a giant third boob where her stomach once was. She waddles around and can barely move half of the time. She's developed an insatiable craving for your dick and you've likewise developed a taste for her pussy. Youre both cooped up in an attic all day have nothing better to do besides fuck like an unsustainable third world population. You lie down on your back, she strips off her almost comically too small clothes and kneels on top of you. She grabs a hold of your rock hard cock, inserts it deep inside of her, and begins to ride you like a stallion. You feel the pressure from her incredible weight and huge round belly bearing down on you but the indescribable pleasure of her tight pussy throbbing on you cock negates any discomfort. You sink into her beautiful soul, into that secret place where no one dares to go. After 30 minutes, you and her are both moaning with ever greater intensity, you know it won't be long now. Suddenly, you feel your cock shaking like a V-2 rocket and the orgasm reaches it's climax as your cum literally explodes like an 88mm AT round inside her Sherman tank, blowing the turret right off. You and her both join as one, souls screaming from the sheer ecstasy. As the elation wears off, she lies next to you. Too exhausted to do anything else, you simply hold her in your embrace. In that moment, there is no family squabbles, no Nazis, no war. Just you and her, watching the sky turn pink with the setting sun.  You dream of the beautiful face you have found in this place. So soft and sweet.  One day you will both die and your ashes will fly from an aeroplane over the sea. But for now you are young and all you want is lay in the sun, and count every beautiful thing you can see. Love to be in the arms of all youre keeping here with you.  What a beautiful dream that could flash on the screen in a blink of an eye.  Suddenly, you awaken from your slumber to the sound of a bloodcurdling scream. You open your eyes to darkness, it takes a split second for your vision to readjust. You feel lonely and cold. Another shriek knocks you back into reality. Anne sitting next to you, clutching her belly, face contorted from pain. A foul smelling fluid lies pooled on the floor around her mid-section. Your hot dirty fuckfest has brought on labor. she cries your name, begging for help, begging for you. The noise. Shes louder than a line of Louisiana Tigers giving the Rebel Yell right now. You raise your finger to your lips to tell her to be quiet. But the agony is too much for her to bear. Youve got to do something or else it will awaken the entire neighborhood and with it, the Nazis. Suddenly you remember the bulge in your pants. Youve got morning wood. Its not the best gag, but it will have to do. You stand up, squat like a slav, using her belly as an impromptu stool, grab your still cum-crusted cock, and shove it right inside her mouth. At first, she tries to scream even louder in surprise, but your circumcised 100% Kosher dong blocks her windpipe, reducing her screams to a barely audible gurgle. Suffering from unbearable pain, she bites down on her your meat with each contraction. Now youe in pain too. With each contraction, she bites down harder, it feels like shes gonna tear your cock right off. Eventually, the pain subsides for her and she doesnt bite down as much. Now it seems almost as if shes starting to enjoy it. You can feel your child kick on your testicles. Clearly its excited too. Suddenly, your cock starts to shake like a V-2 again, you pull it out of her mouth just in time. You bust your steaming hot and sticky load, blanketing her like an incendiary carpetbombing of Dresden. Semen stains her mountaintops (all three of them), along with her hair and most of her face. She quietly giggles from the ironic amusement of it all. You giggle too.  Then a look of sharp pain shoot across her face. Shes having your baby. You wish you could bear all the pain for her, but all you can do is sit and watch. You look down at her vulva, still oozing with cum from that great fucking you gave her a few hours ago. You can see a head of black hair poking out. You fear that shes gonna start screaming again, much to your relief, it seems that shes gotten better control of the pain, thanks to you. She begins to softly moan, it seems as if instead of experiencing excruciating agony, shes experiencing an orgasm. You cant help but grin as she keeps pushing. As more of the head becomes visible, her moaning intensifies. Finally a small head emerges from her vagina. You can see a face wrapped in an umbilical cord. A small pair of hands grab the head, she weakly tries to pull the head out. You put your hands around the head and begin to help her pull. Desperately, she goes into the next contraction with all of her energy, and pushed with everything inside of her. She feels everything. She feels shoulders and hips and feet all slide down inside of her and pop out in one long push, with a rush of fluid behind it, and it feels amazing. She throws her head back with a rip-roaring orgasm that penetrates the very heart of her soul.  You look at the newborn now lying on the floor and see that it is a boy. You have a son. Perfect, perfect in every way. He begins to stir and you realize hes about to cry. After all thats happened, you dont to given away to the Germans from the wails of a newborn. You gently lift him up and place him on Annes semen stained mountaintops. The baby quickly finds the breast is soon sucking happily. Semen, blood, amniotic fluid, breastmilk all mix and fill the air with a strange scent that while repulsive, is also extremely arousing. You cant resist the urge anymore. Your mouth land on top of Annes opposite breast, sucking first your own cum, but then her tasty milk. You look into her eyes, shes somewhat annoyed, but too exhaust to really care. A gust of wind coming from a hole in the wall blows through, cooling both of your sweat-drenched bodies, but also disturbing the little one. Youre afraid hell start shivering. You look around the dusty attic for something to keep the baby warm. You settle on Annes fur winter jacket, having sat unused for the past two years. You know Anne will definitely not be happy that you ruined her favorite coat, but its for the best. She hasnt been able to fit in it for the past nine months anyway. You carefully wrap your little one in the coat and hand him to an exhausted Anne, she continues to quietly feed him. You notice the dead silence for the first time, not even the other occupants of the Annex, mere feet away in the next room, were roused. You feel a sense of relief. Youre safe, for the moment at least. Eventually you curl up next to her quietly and begin to doze off. Your secret sleeps in winter clothes. Tomorrow, you can find a way to explain the nights events to your parents and hope they dont kill each other. You can somehow find a way to get your little bundle of joy to safety. But tonight, you just rest, your first night as a family.  Oh god, just thinking about this is making me rock hard. The hardest Ive ever gotten. Oh, I think Im gonna Im gonna-  Cums in Diary
oh god, dark faps engage life though13/10 what are we gonna do while grieving? Not fap?
Wtf, since when are memorial faps bad? Its a fap out of respect and solidarity.  
One time I was cranking it to a certain actress, and I started looking up more of her stuff as I was going.  Ended up learning two year old son had recently died.  It was the most sombre ejaculation I ever did have. 
Now have you tagged as InstagramEdit: What in tarnation?
The old Gram-Gram facial jam.
That's just good timing. 
I'm so sorry, that fucking sucks. I'm confused about the fapping but I hope you are ok
Your dedication has been truly admirable, however. You set a new standard of excellence.
You're the hero Reddit doesn't deserve
Nah man, keep goingYou are genuinely one of my favourite people on this website, keep up the feel good vibes!
Holy crap that was was sweet. I'm sorry for your pain, for real. 90/10 hotsweet faps. Girls gonna read this and long for you to experience them.I started this to prove a weird nice loving point to a friend but now am having heart broken and mended non-stop 
:(
I've always wondered if there's a porn genre for people in loving relationships. There'd be videos like a POV where you're planning the logistics of a wedding, or just enjoying each other's company and telling each other your inside jokes that you've developed over the years.It would have to be the most depressing porn genre ever.EDIT: Think of the possibilitiesBUSTY MILF RECITES WEDDING VOWS TO LOVING HUSBAND OF 10 YEARSHOT YOUNG COUPLE GROWS OLD TOGETHER
In all fairness mate that's a fairly healthy thing to aspire to.Some guys fap to the fantasy of having a cage of anal slave midget nuggets covered in feces.
I had severe tendinitis (couldn't even wash my own hair) and still took my wrist brace off to masturbate a few times a week. God I hate myself.
Should have asked your mom for some help
When I was 13 and in that weird stage where all you wanted to do was fap I broke my hand and some fingers and had to put pins in and had a full cast. That summer I learned how to crank it with my left hand. It's came in handy being able to switch it up nowdays.
African tribal sculptureThat's a new one...Edit: nice, now my top comment is about fapping to statues. Btw guys I get that it isn't a new thing, I was just saying that it's new to this thread, or that I haven't heard of that one before.
that barbie thing, i did that as a kid and my whole family caught me. 
> Another top contender would be me jerking off to a nude plastic doll (one of those cheap barbie knock offs) by shoving it down my pants and moving it up and down along my pubescent dick.Suddenly I'm really glad that I'm older than my brother and stopped playing with Barbies before he reached puberty.
Ha I remember that... wasn't that some Jesus camp too? Anyway, another from that threadOP was in the car with his grandparents, brother, and his dad on a long car trip, he was jacking to porn on his laptop with a blanket covering him and his headphones in, turns out they weren't in and half his family heard him blasting porn while he was shaking under a blanketHe had to spend another few hours in the car, and everyone stayed completely silent about itEDIT: found the original https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/4vnxxz/comment/d60hmp7?st=IZ1RNO2A&sh=ac050012
Yeah, you like that you fucking retard?
> masturbated to the screaming of a disabled boy.Happens to the best of us.
Ohhh... I can almost taste the shame... 
This is the best one in the thread. I just see him crabwalking while giving himself a furious rub.
Just like his grandpa! is what I imagine went through her head. 
dude where'd he get all those porn mags at 10 years old?
Jesus Christ does nobody lock the door in this thread? 
meta fap is coming from inside the house10^10 fap
LOL oh no public fap worst fap
I'm not sure if what you had that night was ecstasy.. 
It sounds like what you had either wasn't ecstasy at all or was a strong tripstasy. Pingers don't make you black out and jerk off in front of people. They will however have a good chance of making your penis well and truly flaccid so at least that part of your story checks out...
pretend to cum? Did she not notice that nothing came out?
Your message is honest and beautiful and is 300/10 fap for real. Thank you for your rawness.Fuck people who need money tbh. If you can't work up an honest fap at the quality of someone's thoughts, you do not deserve to fap and that is the harshest sentence this account can decree.  
Rule 1 to not get caught: Lock the door.
I am proud of you for persevering on to fap again 13/10 overcoming adversity and embarrassment fapAlso kudos for imagination! When the apocalypse comes very few will be able to fap from brains alone 20/10 fap tbh
nah beautifully embracing still living life. I so sorry for your circumstances, for real, but that's quite a nice story. 11/10 amazing life-giving fap
There were probably women getting an orgasm during birth right at that moment. Right in front of everybody.
No mobile phone?
Jesus Christ danger fap :S Kind of a lifegiving normal response to threats against life. 8000/10 yikes fap
That is an amazing ENLIGHTENED FAP 15/10 tbh he is probably now a person who can talk about visiting Europe an awful lotAmericans just don't get armless legless faps
I have done this too O.O must never say as it will encourage terrible messages but like whew. oh myyyyy. especially if it from the boy you like.  900/10 fap
hey its me ur dominator 
What was she doing going in your room and turning on the light if you were supposed to be asleep?  Parents make no sense.
Comes into your room at midnight, turns on your lights and says You should be asleep by now.?Your mom sounds like a dick 
Why, Dear Lady, did you need a bed wetting excuse? The water would have evaporated long before waking. 
I'm surprised you were able to have such a calm reaction. I had a yeast infection last year, and to help with the discomfort, I put some probiotic yogurt in the fingers of a rubber glove and froze them. Tada, yogurt tampons. I inserted one and oh my god, it was awful. It was so cold it burned and I couldn't remove it, so I just had to wait until it was melted. The worst part is that I was texting my best friend about it, and I sent it to the wrong friend, so eventually my entire friend group knew about my frozen vagina.  \\\_()_/ edit: the yogurt does actually help, but instead of freezing it, take and empty tampon applicator and shove yogurt in the barrel. insert that motherfucker like a push pop. wear a pad because it will leak out! disgusting, but it helps. good luck with your yeasty vagina. 
I fapped to this story.
wait, you're just gonna throw that detail into the story and not explain it???WHAT DID SHE PUT ON YOUR DRESSER!?
Well that is just art 13/10 sculptor fap
So what miniverse were you in? 
Your gods are a lie! Nature sucks!
Being a young male is a confusing and horny time 
*driftwood
The one true Morty!
8 month old nudesThought that was going to a much darker place. 
holy ninja fap! 17/10 for innovationalso try to update your porn, friend. everywhere has internet now
I imagine it as though you combat rolled out of the chair and fell into the fetal position and jizzed on the carpet.
I'm respecting your privacy by knocking, but asserting my authority as your father by coming in anyway!
You're really playing with fire when you burst in here like that, man. I mean, one of these days, you know, you're gonna end up seeing something.
Spurting cum would be the worst way caught. I couldn't even 
Oh man this needs to be higher. I'm cracking up!
Poeey assThis deserves gold.
I just woke my dad up laughing at this
Lol. I've never thought, I should let one rip. It'll really enhance this wank. 
Why though
When I was younger I tried to finish as quickly as I could because I thought that skill would come in handy later.That skill has not come in handy.
I saw itI know
Man, jesus christ. Fapping to your parents? Man that's,... I don't have any words. 
RES tagging you just in case I see you somewhere else on reddit.
Up vote for visibility.
tagged as ''SHAMELESS PARENT FAPPER''
Why is this so hot to me
As a lady with a choking fetish....  This is hella hot.  I wanna sign up for a self defense class now.
Most understandable and least shameful fap in this thread.
And then you discovered your rape fantasy. But don't worry, feels like 9/10 females actually enjoy that shit. And it's weird.
God. Sounds like you were definitely in danger of visible chub at the least. 
Ahh man, I fapped it to DEGRASSI JUNIOR HIGH ON DVD somehow and got caught.  We are all so gross, and lovely. 800/10
I think I understand why you got the vasectomy.
I'm 24, and still often catch myself thinking man, being an adult is going to be hard
Don't feel bad, we've all jerked off to your hot cousin.
It's ok. Don't feel bad lol
I'll 1-up you on that.My hot half-sister. Same father, different mother.
This is how sorcerers are created.
This is some next level shit
Oh wow. Now THAT'S shame.You've ascended beyond Oedipus complex, you've now got post-Oedipus stress disorder or something
Holy fuck. That's next level fapping right there. 
Sigmund Freud would say there is nothing wrong with you.
Should be the top comment.  This is terrific/horrific.
Motherfapper
meh, as long as you didn't then actually try to sleep with your mother you're all clear. My grandma was a hateful bitch that I avoided... yet when I saw some pictures of her at 19, I would have banged her till I passed out.
do you think you have a thing about the suffix --yard - ie, grave and vineHow do you feel in er, junkyards? barnyards? I'm not American so not actually sure what those things look like
every fap is beautiful, friend
Damn, had to double-take, first read that as:I paid a girl to record herself taking a shit
This is an actual fetish. It's really popular...or so I hear 
So many extra fap points for irreverence 19/10 for onanismsorry if you go to hell and stuff but tbh I'm not too worried
Hahhaaa I love this so much in a dark loving way <3and want to quantify my pity at exactly .99 price point. My pity looks great on this generic model. She loves it; she recommends you buy it. Once she was having dark thoughts but this item solved her crippling mental issues. I'm^so^sorry^though
Bruh, this is nothing to be ashamed of..  http://imgur.com/IwF1FYM
I will upvote for honesty however I do not encourage this.
What's the difference between a cow, your cock and 9/11?
r/jesuschristreddit
This is a louis Ck joke https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hzm2MCg5HfU
Redditor for 3 hours. Lies. 
holy shit your username is exquisitely relevantr/fapeconomyit's so gross but we live in a trump world now so ok
I have quite literally have fapped to songs of songs out of some weird repressed misdirection; I am so there with you. Now God can get quite a show if she chooses.Fuck shame forever
Sounds hot tbh
The one where they test if swearing actually helps deal with pain is full of Kari having special moments, especially when she has to resist swearing while keeping her hand in a bowl of ice water. https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=pWMsDDkMHYQ
She inspired a lot of young men over the course of that show
The irony of you doing this whilst watching out for seamen overboard. 
No shame in that. We can't control what inspires us.
I mean that's just beautiful homoerotic homage. 11/10 proud fap
She is proportionate, loving, and gives you just what you need when you need it. Proudest fap 11/10 imo
Aunt Jemima is dressed up in lingerie wanting to know where your ass has been all night.
So Thick. So Rich. SOOO SWEET.
I read that first part as a Dr. Seuss book.
Richard is a noble name; you have honoured him well
That was really small and dry and perfect.  Fuck. thank you. 
I am proud of you. This is sticking it to the man
Pop off to the bathroom, work one out any time you can. When you get really good at it, you'll fucking be stroking and you'll be thinking about money.-Matthew McConaughey, Wolf of Wall Street
Alternative faps.
You dog
> Kellyanne ConwayI'd hit it.
like masturbating to a musty leather bag
That is a confusing fap and I hope you were not harmed by it
'The girls never came!'
Mac is that you? 
Ehhh it happens but who has the time to stop fapping and change the video amirite? Might aswell watch the video right!?
legit happy the fapping stopped homicide 11/10 fapsI'm glad she stopped doing bad things to you if she did
Fish ate the swimmers haha 
Fucking kek
Your homage helps their income probably a lot 12/10 fap
wtf... do other people not do this? I know plenty of people that do it you are not alone fellow instagram fapper
Wait, this isn't normal?  K...
Omg I am concerned about your never-nude-ism tbh but 11/10 and you will enjoy everything a lot more without clothes I promise.Never scar there, only treat it very nicely
are you a girl or boy? am girl and have stealth fapped with what I believe to be great success in the past, but probably am wrong. I think it is completely plausible that sleeping bags move about in such ways on their own. Let's both give ourselves a terrible 17/10 for lack of james bondery but full points for being human
What were you thinking about, though? It's the ridiculous nonsense of our thoughts that makes us human. 99/10 if it was patrick from spongebob; like wouldn't he just be so useful around the house
Oh god terrible wording. The fapping had nothing to do with the kid. I just felt I betrayed the trust of the parents 
should be on r/wholesomememes tbh good fap
super hot honest fapsometimes the bulge is enough, I get it. 11/10 fap
> I jerk myself off to completion while wearing a pair of white womens pantiesI don't see a past tense in that I jerk.
Honestly, they should be embarrassed for listening. 
that's actually a bit sweet. What the hell happened?
WOW. That was bad, I cringed. I feel for you.
Were you homeschooled?
omg why was her bra there??she was  not good at lingerieif this is a story about implicit teacher abuse I hope you are ok friend
This makes me googles weird things 11/10 awesome fapsWhat does irreversible mean? What is a fap you can't take back? That sounds terrifying 11/10 I am scaredI know what cousins are thankfully
How creepy was the smile on a scale of [1] (http://previews.123rf.com/images/lvnel/lvnel0707/lvnel070700014/1261711-Beautiful-woman-with-long-dark-hair-and-soft-smile-on-beach--Stock-Photo.jpg) to [10] (http://i.imgur.com/QpK3N.jpg)?
Why did I do it? Just cos...
Nah she was a 304 35007
I think you mean x^3 content buddy
Well we were only 14 or so at the time, but still, sadly it didn't happen. 
It was a lot like that! 
I refuse to believe this is a well known enough action to already have a name.
The dedication of OP makes this thread a five star experience.
Smeared it across my pubic area then zipped up over top.  
Yup. Out of everything in this thread, this comment is probably the most cringeworthy thought.
The pedophiles were on all fours sniffing him out
I think it was something like 'move_objects on'I used to make one clean the toilet and the other one shower then move them so it looked like the toilet cleaning sim was scrubbing the showering sims ass and then laugh for an hour
That's some high tech shit. If I had that I would build some serious forearm strength. No, I would draw circles within circles on MS Paint pretending they were tits (or tit cuz I would just draw one for some reason) and try to get the skin tone perfect. I would never make it to that perfect skin tone. Fapping would ensue. 
How could they be clean if you moved their shower every time they tried to wash themselves?
~~Wow~~ Woohoo.
Thanks came.
You need Jesus 
Ha. I'm about to turn 40 so high school was a while ago. I have no idea who I was thinking of. It was 93ish... maybe Courtney Love?I was behind an oak. He was actually behind some shrubs. One thing I remember clearly was that when I came I went on a long space out about it being super seed for the grass. I don't think I had any visual hallucinations but the acid definitely added to my daydream about it. 
take your upvote and leave
Your comment puts me out of Mein Kampf-ort zone.
The first release of Diary of a Young Girl was heavily redacted. Her sexuality, some of the things she says about her neighbors, and some of the things she says about her mother and father were originally edited out. There are three versions of the Diary.  Version A is the original unabridged diary as is. Version B is a novelized version of the diary. Version C is the censored version and the most read version. IMHO, I find that listening to a teenager talk about her dad farting too much does humanize Anne Frank a bit more, but I think its a distraction. 
Whoa whoa whoa. Hold up a minute... No rating? For shame! 
Are you okay?
... what the ***fuck***. I scrolled up, but it wasn't vargas.
I love how you comment on every fap. 
Yeah, it's like watching Harry Potter and Die Hard after Alan Rickman died.
I'm inside of a bank right now looking fucking ridiculous trying not to laugh out loud at your comment. Oh god it's only 9 in the morning and I've already used too much reddit for today.
The midnight fap didn't kill him unless it somehow sped up the cancer Edit: Wow, thank you for the gold!
this gentelman's dad was in the hospital. his dad died. His heart rate went crazy at night. Like what happens when you exercise or when you touch yourself. Or have sex (I wouldn't know). The heart rate is reflective of something that killed him. He had an attractive doctor. Maybe his dad fapped to death thinking of the milf doctor. That was what weakstreamz suggested. GET WITH ITDO YOU EVEN FAP?
On this day, OP truly delivered.
Not a new standard, current OP reminds me of the  with rice kid, that thing was the best thread ever.OP is still awesome here tho
> Girls gonna read this and long for you to experience them.[O_o](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ztVMib1T4T4)
It gives us feels because it is true :(
That's why having an understanding older sister is awesome. 
The worst thing about this Every fucking thread thing is that most of the time, it doesn't even seem forced. This time it is actually appropriate to make this reference
Ha, came in handy.
At least it wasn't his first buttplug
joke's on you, he's now top poster on /r/cummingonfigurines 
I would have just killed myself
I remember that story for some strange reason.
I didn't really see the humor until you pointed out the necessity of the crab walk. God I can not imagine how that went over with Grandma! :'D
No idea, actually. He might have been a bit older now that I think about it, like 14-ish. Store owners in my country would definitely sell porn mags to teenagers.
Fap-ception4d level fapping
I like how this one was so bad that you couldn't even give it a score
Right? I can't even get up on it. My dick shrivels up as if I just jumped into a cold lake. Also, e has never made me black out.
You can totally fake it by flexing a specific muscle to make it twitch and throb
You can pull it. You either pretend to cum inside her deep or if you use protection, you just ditch the condom real quick and wipe you junk off.
I love how you're giving all the faps a score 
Jeez, Rule Number Two: Always knock on a closed bathroom door. Especially when you have a teenage boy in the house.
and hang your tshirt on the handle so others cant look through the keyhole
Thank you, now my remorse is a bit better now.
We will never know. But let me tell you. With a cannula in your arm, isn't easy to masturbate. 
No wifi in the hospital, and i used my mobile data in the first 2 days, redditing... There was no porn options. But a few seconds of my girlfriends boobs was just enough.
OP you're fucking crazy 
HIGHWAY TO THE DANGER FAP
OP, you have great comments on all these fapping stories.
I'd never encourage it but damn it was really hot. I don't think I'd want to be romantically involved with someone who'd do that though, or even sexually. But I'm kinda into that sort of stuff. 
Almost totally unrelated, but in a way a similar story. This was when my wife was still living with her parents and she had fallen asleep with the light on. Her mom came into her room, woke her up, and asked her if she meant to leave the light on. Like really? Just turn it off. Or leave it on. Why wake her up?
I fell asleep soon after that. Which meant that I was on top of the puddle covered with a blanket so it never got any air to dry 
An ice cube tray
do you even fap with rice bro
tiniverse
\*ahem\*Dumb \*ahem\*name
And who refers to a baby as a fuck buddy?
Don't worry, at 8 months old it's still in the womb... ^^in ^^most ^^casesHehehe. 
But private nudes are 10 times as hot.Like, *hey! These were meant for me!*Edeet: The average redditor is much more untrusting than I
Hit the deck!!!!
I miss when The Fairly Oddparents was good
I mean, I've got a computer in here
Sounds like you have, though
I know this is a thread about shameful wanks but he seems so fucking cavalier about it
It was super hot, I assume that is why. I take it you are into that?
OK, now you have to kick the attacker in the balls.Hang on, almost there. 
It could also just be a choking fantasy though. 
Could be true. When my boyfriend is super drunk and we're fucking he gets super aggressive; throws me around, chokes me a little too hard, etc. It scares me sometimes but turns me on more. It's sad that I feel its necessary to add: we don't like real rape, just fake, consensual rape. 
The old one or the new one? I wanted to fuckin destroy Manny when I was a kid.
Username checks out.
Just don't have kids, problem solved
Thanks I appreciate you, you loyal
Thanks :)
Just imagined gandalf furiously fapping to a rainstorm
Maybe he should have broken his own arms.
r/evenwithcontext
haha, not really. graveyard was the best place to get away from everyone on a schoolday. vineyard was just a super fucking boring job i did for like 2 weeks. id probably fap in a barnyard, not a junkyard though. too many sharp objects id imagine
That'd be a proud fap for a few scat lovers I suppose. Thankfully, I'm not a scat-man...  :)
A few letters.
Bamboozled again. *Damn*
Throwaway obviously. 
He created it just to post that.... 
A lot of shame, she was there, tits were out, jizz was shot.
Nah it was kinda unwanted, like she wanted to bang and I didn't want to possibly ruin a friendship over it. So she whipped out her tits and I jerked, while starting to get whiskey dicked. 
Have you beat it on a train? Have you beat it on a plane?  *I have not beat it on a train, I have not beat it on a plane.*Would you beat it in a house? Would you beat it to a mouse?  *I would not beat it in the house, I would not beat it to a mouse,  I would not beat it here or there, I would not beat it anywhere!* 
Alternatively, a cat
There's always a bigger fish.- Qui-Gon Jinn
Boy and we were under the same blanket lol 
I think they're referring to the French movie, Irreversible.It has a really graphic rape scene, but it's Monica Belluci.
Doesn't matter, had sec-s.
*14?*
What kind of mom wears a thong in front of her 14 year old daughters boyfriend 
Oh it's a thing allright: [reddit!](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/5qt2kj/whats_the_most_nsfw_thing_youve_witnessed_in/dd2chzg/?context=3) (SFW)
oh jesus fuck
...and then reached for the shared popcorn bucket...
Fucks sake. I am a person who can't fucking handle any kind of dried thing on my skin, i.e. salt, sand, etc. and this is my worst fucking nightmare.
They do that. Plus if the kid gets less than 8 hours sleep they let off a pleasant berry scent that only paedofiles can smell.
I still have the Sims. I think I'll go do that now just to see if it works
That's the height of desperation.    Welcome to the club
Does Jesus make you cum?
> I went on a long space out about it being super seed for the grass. LOL this is amazing. How can this not be a proud fap? You should memorialize in plaques or trees tbh
> her dad farting too much Seriously dad, it's like a gas chamber in here!
Well her father edited things, her mother died in the camp. Part of the motivation for editing was out of respect to her mother, since it was largely a negative portrayal of her.
well i have gotten weird and overwhelmed and forgotten the rigours of my dutyI encourage you to take them on
They are good faps Bront
Harry Potter and Die Hard is easily the best book in the series. 
Used my tears as lube for that one
I should not laugh at things like this. I'm sorry for your loss.
thank you for your anger it has aided my fapping 11/10
yes I love and trust reddit
And the username :(
He never said it wasn't.
Seriously.  Just take me around the back of the shed and put me down like Old Yeller.  You can never recover from that level of shame. 
we are fapping at such a high levelfeel bad for the fapeasants to be honest
Well, he DID say his flaccid dick, and makes no mention of being able to get it up. Still a fap though I guess?And yeah, it doesn't cause blackouts for me either.
But begs the question....do they know? And if they do are they just nice enough to not say antthing?
You know that cum has to leave our body, right? It doesn't just get forever sucked up in there.
I'm missing a bunch could you grab them? they are all gonna be good faps
> Jeez, Rule Number Two: Always knock on a closed bathroom door. Especially when you have **ANYONE ELSE** in the house.
The bit [Rick and Morty](https://youtu.be/tSwkokSC2dU?t=6) did on this was hilarious.
Are you fapping in the 19th century? Who has keyholes that big anymore? 
*redditing... There was no porn options*Sir, you are mistaken
You're not wrong; I hope it helps your faps
I feel like from your comment you understand what I'm trying to do on a higher fap level.  It is almost like we are some kind of highway together. 19/10 tbh
I got lost for a bit but back on point nowI have literally never loved reddit this muchpeople are so fucking amazing, and human, and perfect
Roleplaying is actually really popular and you don't have to hold those beliefs to act them out. Some couples are really into rape or slave/master roleplaying which sounds really fucked up on the surface but it's 100% consensual and it works, so... I guess whatever gets you off!
Here's the thing. I like some seriously dominant, even non-consent/reluctance fantasies at times. But actually imposing them on another person without asking first, even in messages, kinda grosses me out.  
My grandma suffers from really bad anxiety, she has trouble sleeping, and when I used to go to her house as a kid she'd wake me and my sister up to ask if we were sleeping alright.
Indeed. Sleep beckons all and water is wet. 
Microverse
Someone not ready for a committed relationship.
Did you just joke about whacking it to aborted fetuses or did I miss something?
That was a loooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooong time ago.
Yeah, I'm pretty sure that's my fetish
YOU'RE NOT MY SUPERVISOR!
Like, Cassie? My thoughts about Drake are discordant to how he is now presentedoh god we are so unwholesome.I LIKE PUPPERS HOW ABOUT YOU
Oddly enough, as someone who has no objection to incest themes in porn (really, they're unavoidable these days) and has a half dozen good looking cousins, I've never done that.Ah, well, the weekend is young.
Oh, this time I get to say every damn thread!
Scat-Man, the hero Gotham neither wanted or needed.
You can only milk 9/11 for so long. 
Makes me want to believe it's one of the celebrities on Reddit, like Arnold Schwarzenegger just secretly admitted to jacking it to the towers falling.
Ok, this is different.I thought this was a while thinking about her tits situation.I think we would all like a bit more context here... for science.
Oh I am sorry for that ambivalence; that sounds uncomfortableI devalue your fap through no fault of your own to a mere 8/10 because of discomfort
cat girls forever tbhfuck r/socialism mods
that is literally the sweetest response I have ever had after years of lurking r/depression <3
He knew man. Every man knows the movements of someone fapping. 
He got sum
That means the mom was like 28 years old...*niiiiiice.*
Stacy's mom.
Well I've already refused to believe it. What do you expect me to do now? Reasess my beliefs in light of new information? That's crazy talk.
I like that it's the same guy both times commenting that to.Stop trying to make bicycle pump happen /u/swamp_feverEdit: Same guy also made this comment. Derp.
Did you just get off? Jesus can only forgive so much... But he may take you up on your offer. 
Is that not what everyone does? I've done that for 4 years after every jerk
And added the nutter-butter flavor it lacked.
Its coarse and rough and irritating and it gets everywhere.
His memorial is everywhere. His seed lives in all of us. That day, his seed was soaked up by the ground, where the oak eventually soaked it up. His seed traveled up to the leaves, which caterpillars ate. Birds ate the caterpillars and pooped the seed everywhere, including farm land. The crops soaked up his seed, and we all eat the crops, which contain his seed. We are all /u/PornCommentsAreWeird's sperm memorial on this blessed day. 
/r/jesuschristreddit
But that sorta takes the historical credability out of the diary. I mean plenty of Holocaust diaries are boring af, but they weren't edited, so they can still be used extensively by historians. Editing a diary kinda takes away all the credability a diary has
The other part was too hide his horrendous farts.
How weird and overwhelmed did you get? How *rigourous* was your duty? And do you really want me take them on? I give OP Anne Frank Wank - 2,000,000/10.
Well we can't blame the mourning wood can we.
You're a legend for that. Take an upvote. 
Yippee Kay yay, mugglefucker.
You...you weren't supposed to...oh never mind...
Laughing at mortality is an important part of life. The act isn't inappropriate, as long as it's done with a bit of respect to the grieving.
may the fap be with you
I love and trust in people like you who make reddit a better place.
> fapeasants***They will take what I give them***.
Nobody expects a guy to fake it, so nobody suspects it. 
We know...or at least I do. My BF does this at least once a week. As I work 70-80 hours a week, it's inevitable that he faps one out shortly before I come home. When I'm not too exhausted and feeling frisky he rises to the occasion. But after an hour long romp and having satisfied me fully, he'll thrust one deep and throb. But of course, I go to the restroom post coitus and nothing comes out. I also clean him up afterwards and give him a final squeeze out. And nothing but precum evacuates.At first I was feeling humiliated and unattractive, as I couldn't get my man off. But as time has passed, I came to realize that he puts on the act in order to make me feel attractive when he can't get off because of his recent fap.
No. Us men are fucking stupid apparently. I've had this conversation with multiple people who didn't get the whole go to the bathroom after sex thing.
Then you scoot your ass across the bedsheets like a dog with worms, and leave, snail trails, behind.
They're good faps bront 
There are so many fucking people who don't do this. Its pitiful.
People who don't want their kids fapping.
On my one GB data?! dude, some gifs are 100 megabytes! I wasn't even horny the first few days, because you know, you somehow lost your sexual drive after they barly can save your ass. But of course it came back.
Goddamit
Well they are good humans Bront 
I love me some rape fantasy. As long as you have a safe word taking/giving up control can lead to some amazing sex. 
My ex's father had dementia and in the middle of the night he would shuffle around and open our door to peek in and see if we were still there. He wouldn't say anything. Just kinda stand there and stare for about 10 seconds. It was amusing, cute, and a little creepy. Dementia is a very heartbreaking disease :(
> water is wetIm skeptical. Source?
Keep Summer safe.
I imagine you unzipping your pants slowly while saying that
When approaching a rather confusing and strange comment, use this step-by-step guide of what to reply:http://i.imgur.com/mio9bem.mp4
How do you figure? Who has a kid at 14? 34-40 is more likely
I expect you to get to get on your bike and embrace this new age of man. Where all are united by a common purpose and desire. Enlightened by the vision of cycling and masturbating. The thrill of danger, the sensation of wind across the knob. The age of the bicycle pump is upon us friend. Now get on that bike and pump it! Pump it like you've never pumped before!
Embrace your alternative fact
The man is pushing a very qualified slang term. I hope it sticks. 
What do I do when I don't have pubic hair to smear my cum into?
Don't do that
...aaand I'm never going to look at cookies the same way again.
Did you ever hear the tragedy of Darth Plagueis the Wise?Edit: This gold will make a fine addition to my collection.
I think we found Anakin
I am unworthy he sounds very beautiful
This thread is about masturbating to Anne Frank, and that's the one comment that you think crosses the line?
Im sure that historians use the originalEdit: spelling
What's the historical significance of reading about her mother? 
Obviously historians will look at the original, but yeah I think it's disgusting that a genuine account of a genuine human has been bowdlerised for the masses.
YesYou seem qualified
For real. I think alot of people have an unhealthy view of death. Dieing is as natural as anything but we're basically taught from a young age that the right action is to grieve the loss, rather than celebrate that person's life. There's obviously the it's sad I'm never going to see that person again, I'll miss them, but the reason behind that sadness is amazingly happy! That person had an impact on your life, brought joy, memories, and likely helped you grow as a person. Sometimes when my dog (he's 6, mastiff) is cuddling with my I'll start going down that road, thinking about how he'll die soon, and how lonely I'll feel, how I don't have kids yet and even if we started today, there's a chance they'll never remember how sweet, or how stupid, or how afraid of the cat he was. They'll never know that sometimes he'll just flop on your lap and fart. But he's made my life so much better and fuller, and went he does eventually pass it will be devastating, but I'll have a lifetime of happy memories to look back to. I'll still be crying, but that sorta happy-sad thing. Saying trough tears remember that time he farted and then looked at his butt in confusion?. Point is, I'm going to be very sad when he does go, but I'm going to try to remember how great he made my life rather than focus on how he isn't there anymore. That was always going to happen, best to accept that and focus on why I'm sad in the first place: because he's a great dog. That said, I made myself sad so I'm going to hug him and take him for a walk. He usually tries to poop on trees. Just rolls down the side.
May the fap be with you too, brother
Oh for heaven's sake I'm gonna fap on that autocratic presumption nowI'm calling an official end to the *meta* people _Please everyone consider this as the obviously rigorously scientific study that it clearly isIt is stuffed filled with more sexy science than your average DeVoSaurus which is a real dinosaur that exists. You're not gonna learn about her in your fancy accreditedschools though. 
I can confirm it, LOL, once I didn't expect my (current) GF to come over and I fapped 15 mins before she arrived without me knowing. Skip 1hr, we are having sex, I can hold my erection but can't cum at all, I wait for her to do so and pretend I did aswell.I think she didn't notice, but I still feel bad for that 
Humans are inherently good, Braent
 that's why you always have a folder with your favourite emergency rations on hand.  Put it on an sd card and it won't clog up your storage either. 
I have performed great services this dayBut not fapped myselfIt is a deeply tragic irony
> Who has a kid at 14?Hot moms.
Time to see it as lotion. Get rubbin' baby. 
Yeah, you're supposed to shoot into your cum box. 
I thought not. It's not a story the jedi would tell you. 
So that historians know how totally unfair her mother was.
Behaviors and trends of parenting in the Jewish community.
I think you'd feel differently if it was your dead daughter talking about your dead wife, being read by millions of people across the world.
faps vobiscum
Must be weird with two people faking orgasms.
*slow clap*
I've ready articles saying it is good for your skin. Don't really know if it's true or just BS someone wrote to convince their girlfriend to let them finish on her face.
It's a Sith legend. Darth Plagueis was a Dark Lord of the Sith, so powerful and so wise he could use the Force to influence the midichlorians to create life... He had such a knowledge of the dark side that he could even keep the ones he cared about from dying. The dark side of the Force is a pathway to many abilities some consider to be unnatural. He became so powerful... the only thing he was afraid of was losing his power, which eventually, of course, he did. Unfortunately, he taught his apprentice everything he knew, then his apprentice killed him in his sleep. It's ironic he could save others from death, but not himself.
Unexpected r/roastme
Savages AF
Rekt
Slow fap
r/prequelmemes
This sub will make a fine addition to my collection.
I built one of those dildo exercise bikes to encourage my fitness (It is detachable tho, so people just assume i'm working out normally). It's just awkward because my whole family uses it too, and it's weird seeing your dad working out on a machine that pounds your cocoa kisser while you're trying to get in shape.
I create elaborate storylines and scenarios - complete with dialogue - in my head to entertain myself. Some are based around current events in my life, some are entirely fictional
I talk out loud to myself constantly when I'm at home or driving.
I make up fake scenarios that will likely never happen and then I end up crying over them.  I do this far too often.
I have conversations with my dog. Like:(Dog at window)What are you staring at?(Whine)Well that's what squirrels do.(Woof)No. You got all muddy last time.(Head tilt, whine)*Because I'm the one who mops, okay?!*
Pretend to be teaching someone something I am doing at the moment. I love it.
 I walk in circles around the dining room table when I need to think.. or talk to myself 
I hate throwing anything I don't use anymore away for fear of in someway needing it in the future, then justifying my own actions by saying Ha ha! great idea(In my head) only to never use it again. I'm a relatively clean person, but open any drawers or boxes I have stashed away...and you'll find a Motorola Razr/Cords from an N64/laptops from 9 years ago....Old electronics hording
ITT: A lot of people talking to themselves.  You should all get together so you have someone to talk to.
I tell stories to myself all the time. I'll just make up some fantasy world and give myself all the details through my own dialogue. Then I'll put in characters and have them interact with each other. It's fun 
A lot of times I catch myself with my hand down my pants, playing with my balls. Not masturbating, but just fiddling around with them in my hand like a couple golf balls. I don't do this on purpose of course, I'm not a freak. I just randomly catch myself in the act and think what the hell is wrong with you?.
I have dermotillomania which basically means I obsessively pick at my skin (similar to trichotillomania with hair). Problem is, I really don't notice when I'm doing it. Even if it's the only thing I'm doing.So I'll go into the bathroom to pee and end up taking half an hour or more to just sit there scanning and feeling my skin with my fingertips, trying to detect the smallest anomaly that I can pick at: black heads, scabs, pimples, ingrown hairs, etcThere have been several occurrences where my SO will come check on me because I take so long.So actually I am crazy, as it is a mental disorder.
I talk to my dog, and answer in my dog's voice (my voice but higher). Lately he's been very fond of the word bollocks. Everyone is a bollocks in his mind, and I'm okay with that.
If people saw my apartment.. People would come for me. I have alot of.. Hobbies. My living room is filled with musical instruments, Books and all sorts of stuff. My entire apartment is filled with machinery, Tools, Books, Hundreds and hundreds of filled notebooks (Well Over 500) I have model planes and tanks everyplace imaginable.  I have bookshelves filled with cds.  Art supplies and paints every place imaginable. Paintings and art on all of my walls. A entire closet filled with suit jackets and ties. I have a motorcycle in my living room.  Antique furniture in my living room. I don't own a bed. I sleep on a mattress. I have tapestries on my bedroom walls. Large clay pots on the floor. I have a battlefield diorama and  model railroad in my kitchen. And alot more. 
I'm 29 and I sometimes play pretend in my head. I used to do it out loud when I was 8 and it was perfectly acceptable. I'm able to mentally take a story line and just run with it. It's kind of like acting in a play but imagining the responses of the other actors and making up the story line as you go along. I have a firm grasp on reality, but sometimes I'll mentally escape for a few minutes, usually into whatever world I saw on TV the night before. I would make a badass addition to Grey's Anatomy in my opinion. 
Pull out my pubes one at a time while I'm reading or playing on my phone
I talk to myself as if I'm on a podcast or a late night talk show.
Monologue and justify everything I do out loud. 
I have an entire kingdom of my own with around 70 imaginary friends who I've drawn on pieces of paper and every three months I elect a new king by using civ v AI vs AI to determine the winner and sometimes they make me mad and I kill them with a paper shredder but that's only if they are committing treason and deserve it 
I yell at inanimate objects for not doing what they were designed to do.
i giggle randomly at thoughts in me head while naked
I go through 5 pound bag of potatoes in a couple of days searching for the perfect baked fries recipe.  I adjust tempatures, alternate boiler settings, placement of the cut potaotes, skin on/off, and seasonings.
The fact that I wear and wet diapers both for fun and sexual reasons would probably freak out my conservative Christian parents
When I need to take a decision and have different options to choose between I sing about the pros and cons from each option when I'm home alone.
Before I go to sleep, I check the apartment's doors if they locked. Like 30 times. Sometimes I just stand in front of the doors and wiggle the handle like continuously for 5 minutes. Some nights are better and some are worse. It never happened that I left the doors unlocked but I am paranoid over it anyway. I have always been like this.
I yell at my computer when I code. Are you shitting me? There's a semicolon *right there!*What kind of error is that?!Logic error? You're a goddamn logic error!I really need to stop doing my programs the night before they're due...
The extent I talk to my parakeets. It's important to remind them that they are birds, and that they are cute and soft, every single day. 
I eat snack food (potato chips, popcorn, candy) with a fork because I'm a germaphobe.
I often imagine myself as a badass martial artist who can kill any attackers without anyone ever finding out. I do this when I'm alone at home, in the car, or in busy places where an attack could happen. In real life I'm a 5'2 girl! So it makes me feel more brave in real life! 
I'll be thinking about a conversation in my head, then I'll say little bits of said conversation out loud. Definitely would make me look batshit insane if anyone ever found out.
I imagine that random people throughout history or from the future are looking through my eyes. I imagine what they think of me too.
I frequently talk to myself about all kinds of things. I dont actually talk to myself per say, but I talk to the air like Im talking to an audience or being interviewed. I dont answer myself I just talk to the wall like someone else is extremely interested in what I have to say. I only do this because aside from a handful of family and 2 best friends, I dont hang out with people. And I work a solitary job in a confined space 50+ hours a week. sometimes I just like telling stories to an imaginary person because I find those past life events interesting and others dont. It varies greatly. Finances, relationships, major life goals, movie reviews, product reviews, past daily experiences, major life problems. Granted I talk about those of these things that actually matter to real people who im close to, but for all the stuff that no one cares about, sometimes this is just how I pass my time. I often learn new insights and stuff by doing this. (Sorry for the wall of text)
same talking to own self continuously. 
I run handgun drills  in my living room to keep up competency. I just want to make sure I don't hurt myself or somebody else when I shoot.
Sometimes I like to just sit in the empty bath tub after I'm done taking a bath. Not doing anything except maybe reading. Just enjoying the fact that it's quiet and I have a locked door. Definitely have sat there for like an hour in an empty bath. 
Sing country music. Like old timey, Opry type shit. I'm not sure if Nashville still makes that type of music, but if anyone discovered me singing it, they would...laugh.Voice isn't too bad, either, but they'll never know. I'm kinda youngish and Black so (despite the popularity of Charley Pride), yeah, it is a crazy thing to see.
I obsessively close the shower curtain... My wife taught this to me, and I thought she was crazy, but I'm converted... why the FUCK is the shower curtain half open??? No, close it.
When I'm thinking about a problem or creative work, I pace erratically around my whole living space, with little bursts of sprinting and leaping every which way. My mom calls it kitty catting. It's honestly meditative for me, way more so than sitting still and concentrating on my breathing patterns has ever been.If I had an enormous Ninja Warrior/Wipeout-style obstacle course all to myself and all the time in the world, I bet I could write the great American novel and solve world goddamn hunger.
I like to sing, I do it when I'm by my self cause I sound pretty terrible.
Farting into my hand and sniffing the fuck out of it.
Still eat the occasional booger every now and then
Sometimes I audibly narrate my life from a narrator perspective or as if it's like I'm vlogging my life, I just don't record it 
I'm noticing, we all fantasize scenarios that are impossible, talk to ourselves, and mentally sexualize people that we should not be sexualizing. 
Flick the bean to porn, kinda rapey stuff, you know?
Whenever I have to read something for class, like an article or book excerpt, I narrate it in a British accent because it forces me to think about each word individually.It's effective, but would definitely get me weird looks.Edit: I'm from the Pacific NW, not Europe.
Talk to myself
If I'm thinking of something particularly hard to understand I'll have a running internal and external dialogue with myself in different accents from time to time. 
I pretend I'm talking to someone and I always do it out loud.
I'm thinking that anything I do in private would seem weird when people saw it, but that pretty much everyone else does it all as well. 
I have full on conversations with alter egos. I act out different situations they might get in. Or if I'm doing something, like cooking, I just voice act. It is really fun.
I name my turds and give them sea burials.
I talk to myself. Constantly, and out loud.It isn't even like having a conversation... I just explain stuff to myself. Stuff that I already know. Like the plot to a show, a strategy in a video game, or why I think someone is being a total shit head. I don't know why, but I find it very soothing and it helps me organize my thoughts.
I have one hand on my organ and the other on the piano - at 90-degree angles. Thus, I can play a concerto with myself.
Any time I'm out of earshot of anyone, I'm talking to myself, nonstop. 
I wipe my ass while standing upright in the stall or bathroom exclusively. Absolutely never do it whilst still sitting. 
I pretend I'm on The Ellen Show or The Tonight Show constantly when I'm in the car. 
My partner and I (so we're both weird) have a stuffed sheep and caterpillar. We pretend they're our kids and have full blown conversations with them making up the voices as they talk to us.  Thing is none of us want actual kids, we're perfectly happy with our pretend ones. 
I cut out fashion pictures from Pinterest and glue them in a notebook.I'm into fashion design. My inspo album looks *kinda creepy.
Sometimes I sit in complete silence and just stare at the wall thinking about things. 
I just sit on a chair in a corner and sit there for hour or two doing nothing but looking at things 
I find really... Unusual porn... Not for sexual arousal, but because I find it fascinating to see what very particular fetishists get off to. Often they are quite hilarious, also. My current favorite is rubber ducky porn.
Sometimes I'll get shitfaced and pace the apartment in the middle of the night while reading my favorite passages from the classics on my shelf... in a British voice.No one has ever seen me do this as far as I know. My wife is a heavy sleeper, and that's probably for the best.
When I was young, I would pretend my mechanical pencils were little Star Wars battle cruisers.Sometimes I still do it...
I am a woman who eats Subway topless. My sandwich of choice is messy and I am notorious for getting stuff on my shirts. 
I talk to myself more than I should. 
My attempts to motivate myself
You know all those crazy weapon things that people do in cringe dumps on imgur?  Yeah I learned at a young age that that makes you look sad and pathetic...so now I just do it by myself while pretending.  I'm 31.
Daydream about having a yandere GF.
[deleted]
I add a therapeutic (to me anyway) cut or three
I talk to myself, BUT both as myself and as one or more characters I have created myself, some kind of imaginary friends and book characters of mine (since I am writings a book about them). I've been doing this since I was 9, and I'm not going to stop anytime soon. 
My manic meltdowns would have me instantly committed. 
I interview myself like I'm a famous person on Conan.
Not exactly alone, but... since my daughter was little she liked giving me tattoos. The middle of my back, my shoulder, or my calfs are the usual spots. She's 11 now. Still happens. I feel like people would think it's weird. By tattoos I mean marker, just fyi. 
I smell my underwear to make sure that my vag juice is normal
I browse the subreddit watchpeopledie almost constantly when i am bored and I google every famous person naked, but in actuality I am pretty formal and nice in person. I just have grandiose curiosities
I play chess and tic tact to against myself sometimes. My friend called me a crazy person for doing it.
Yell with my dog. 
I sing songs with in a deliberately annoying way--often in different accents or mocking pitches--and mix up the lyrics with slang. I do it a lot with Psychokiller by the Talking Heads--especially the bit with the howling. 
Contemplate suicide while listening to music.
I sneak around the house when I'm home alone. I'm not sure what the reasoning behind it is, but when I make it to the kitchen from the living room having made absolutely no noise... I'm pretty content.
Browse Reddit
I take the words someone has just said to me and think of a song with lyrics similar to what they just said and sing it in my head. That wouldn't be so weird if only I didn't do it constantly for nearly everything people say to me. I don't even know *that* many songs well enough to know their lyrics, but I still usually find a song to fit the words
Whenever I meet an attractive girl I fantasize about being with her the following night while I'm sleeping, and then when I wake up and realize that it was all a dream I become depressed because I know I will never have that kind of relationship
nosepicking
I tend to believe inanimate objects have feelings. If I drop a Cheerio, I pick it up and put it back with its friends. Four cookies left? Either I eat two or all of them. There's no way I'd leave one all alone without his pal.  If I accidentally damage something like a pen and it's not fixable, I completely break it almost like stepping on an ant if it gets injured. 
I dance and spin in my kitchen, wearing my silk kimono robe, while I cook - I am 36. 
I pace back and forth in my apartment having long conversations/debates on varying topics. 
i act like i shoot a gun and watch it bounce on the walls
When I am in bed i like to fill my lungs and hold mt breath. I like to feel my chest getting smaller and smaller, and then, the fun starts. You feel your lungs compressing, asking you for air.Yeah, it's weird 
am i the only one that makes autistic noises and sings random parts of songs when i'm alone like lalala dee heLLO pEnCIL
I tell myself the blankets are cozy and I'll die if I leave for the cold bathroom over and over until I can justify peeing in the bottle under my bed and falling back asleep
I listen to all sorts of hypnosis videos and files for fun. Usually furry transformation ones, about being turned into a dragon, reindeer, or anthropomorphic wolf, as well as some funner stuff like mermaid or latex android transformations. I admit, I probably have some form of species related body dysmorphia, and visit /r/furry and /r/otherkin, because I'd be much more comfortable in the body of a dragon, or elk for example. 
Talking while driving alone, talking about other drivers, the music, or sometimes to the car. 
Im a 26 going 27yr old male. When I have a day off or some time to my self at home I drink coffee, turn the radio up real loud and jump around like a maniac. Kicking,punching running, rolling, flying through the air and all half naked. I just have some much energy alot of the time but I keep in locked up to seem normal. Thee only one who gets to witness is my fat shit cat.
I pace.I can't seem to enjoy music unless I'm in motion. So if I'm not in a car or dancing or exercising, the only way I can listen to music is when I'm pacing around my room.I can pace for hours. I'll think up little dream worlds in my head. If it's a really good dream, I'll keep pacing until my feet hurt.Usually it only lasts about half an hour though. I like to repeat some dreams that feel nice.Sometimes I'll get this really strong need to pace. I must do it! I end up pacing about every other day.I'm really trying to stop. I know it's not normal. I worry what would happen if I ever ended up living with someone... Hopefully, I can learn to live without pacing by then. ):
Scream at the Tv watching Netflix or movies when you screw up a detail. WHAT THE HELL MTV? SWORDS OF SHANNARA TAKES PLACE 3000 YEARS AFTER A NUCLEAR APOCALYPSE. WHY ARE THERE FREAKING HIPSTERS WATCHING OLD FILM REELS OF STAR TREK, WITH LIGHT BULBS AND ELECTRICITY. 
When putting on my makeup, I will pretend to be in a YouTube video, showing my viewers how to apply their makeup. 
Sometimes I can't tell if a story I'm telling is real or false, but I keep telling it to others. Eventually, I believe it and I only know it's made up when someone close to me informs me that that never actually happened
More of a quirk, I used to hate and I mean HATE odd numbered things, not sure why, but if I ever had a odd number of something I HAD to make it even and it became impulse... I'm weird...
I talk in the mirror to myself while drinking coffee everyday. I only do this once I'm fully dressed
When I'm dating someone or have a crush on them, I doodle their face everywhere. So that.
Go over checklists of mandatory things, like the steps to safe driving, how to conjugate verbs in french, what to do in the shower in what order, even how to fix basic errors on computers, etc.It's saved my ass a few times, and makes me look like a pro even though I just overthink them as much as one can.
Jerk off while looking at pictures of my younger sister.
When I read something online, I reply to it out loud. Sometimes I don't even bother typing one. Yes, I did it with this question too.Actually, I just talk out loud to myself in general. I usually pretend I'm talking to fictional characters; they serve as kind-of imaginary friends.
Draw random doodles that could scare the living shit out of you & i love writing so that too
Tell my dog I'm happy she wants to go outside with me. That way I won't get lonely, scared or into trouble. We agree it's the three S's: safety, society and supervision. I pretend it makes her feel important. 
I use Posca Textas to draw on myself like Face Paint then wander around the house in character or what ever i've painted.One time i accidentally answered the door looking like a polar bear.
I am not a racist person, in fact married with kids to other colour human, but when I drive I yell racial slurs (windows up) at people who cut me off etc. Like not even the right slurs, I dont see what colour the person is I am fine with that...I choose all variants for all races and dont discriminate with my discrimination. Its oddly calming.
I'm obsessed with textures and I especially love the texture of baking soda. I put spoonfuls of it in my mouth and then spit it out. If I could eat cleaning powders for like tubs and shit I 100% would. On my death bed I want to be served all of the powdered carpet cleaners and dish detergents i've encountered I can feel the textures and pass on with no regrets. 
I pour my milk in the bowl before adding cereal. 
Fap
Talk to my twin sister. My non-existent twin sister...
When I hear some songs I make up movie scenes to accompany them.Oh also when I think things through in my head I refer to myself as we
Scratch and sniff.
I feel like I made this thread just for you.
> dildo exercise bikes TIL
Cocoa kisser.
[(   )](https://gfycat.com/UnimportantOffbeatDogwoodclubgall)
Mac? Glad you were able to come out finally
This is fucking hilarious
That episode was fucking hilarious.
This would have made Ariana's Side to Side music video all the more interesting. Though it was already pretty good to start with. 
Mack, we know thats you. The Anus Pounder 5000 will neve catch on. 
Have any SFW pictures of it? I'm curious as to what one looks like, but I don't watch porn, and don't want to risk a Google search. 
what on earth is a dildo exercise bike and what on earth would be the purpose of it?
Is there like a place where one can buy one of these... machines?
Are you sure you're not gay, Mac?
This is such a good idea o_o 
I do that too but out loud
Then I start to work on every detail of the world I'm creating. And once it reaches certain complexity I get overwhelmed by it and move on to the next world (which is somehow often combination of few previous ideas + new ones)
My daughter does this!!! She even warns us with,  get ready guys, I'm gettin' ready to have one of my dialogues! Sometimes they are hilarious and other times they are weird as can be. Glad to see she's not coo coo for coco puffs. :) Seems there's lots of you out there! 
I used to  create elaborate  storylines everytime i met a cute girl.  Dating,  marriage,  children,  and recounting it all to grandchildren.       Sometimes the plot would develop for hours as my infatuation ran wild.          Pretty pathetic  considering that it could be nothing more than the girl who took my order at Wendy's.        I don't  do that anymore.  Now i just overhumanize pornstars. 
Oh good, I'm not the only crazy one.  I've been doing this probably since I was 13.  Started out as an attempt at promoting lucid dreaming and just helping me get to sleep.  Lately its turned into daydreaming, too.  Influenced by whatever I've been reading or watching lately.
Sometimes I catch myself mouthing along or making the facial expressions that imaginary me would be making in the storylines and I have to be careful not to do this in public/with my boyfriend in the room
Me too. The most ridiculous part is when I'm watching YouTube videos and I try to remember that specific one, what was the name... oh yeah, it was in my head.
This is me. Fortunately, it makes for good bedtime stories for the kiddos.
Is this... not normal??
I'll do this with fight scenes then notice how crazy I am when my muscles respond to the actions, or I start to lip things out. 
I actually do this really often, mostly basing the scenarios with people I know. If I'm feeling sad and want to cry, I'll act out/imagine that my partner has cheated on me or has left me and I'll have a heartfelt conversation with him after the fact. If I'm feeling happy, I go back to a place in time or a memory of something and do it all over again, sometimes making it better, sometimes leaving the memory perfectly in tact. I'll often play all the roles and end up an emotional mess, but when I have an extra hour or two, it's really quite fun to do. I enjoy being emotional and I can express/understand my emotions better than anyone else. I enjoy this time a lot. 
Write them out! Or draw them. Maybe they'll amount to something you never know
I do this every single day, mostly driving or at home. If anyone saw me I'd move far away 
Eh. People like you are the reason we have amazing stories to read. If you put it on paper, you're a talented creative. Just remember that!
OK Abed. We found you.
This is the only way I get through my work days. 
You're not alone on this one mate.
Have definitely done this
Wow I'm so glad I'm not the only one who does this
Do you write?
Ey, that's me!
I used to do this.Now I'm working on getting a novel published.You're not crazy. You're creative.
Yep I do this. Sometimes I'll start whispering whatever I'm imagining. There are times when I'll be having an intense conversation in my head and I start pacing back and forth while mumbling out my response. 
I'M NOT THE ONLY ONE! 
I do that to get to sleep. I usually dream about it later as well
I'm glad I'm not the only one 
I do that too. But sometimes I'm really involved into the story, especially when I'm trying to fall asleep and sometimes at work, when I'm doing a task that doesn't require much mental involvment. So then I'll be putting documents in their appropriate files, and I'll start whispering dialogues or words while I'm crouched down in front of our file thing. I don't think people ever hear me because I usually startle myself back to reality when I hear the sound of my voice. But it's pretty fucking weird and scary.
I do that too but with whatever book I'm reading or video game I'm playing at the time. Like for example right now I'm doing what if my CMDR from Elite Dangerous landed himself in Fallout Equestria Project Horizons? It's... Interesting.
I think my excuse for doing this is that I tell myself I'm practicing for if these situations ever really happen. 
I can relate. Especially since I tend to draw, I can draw out my characters in real life, and in my head, the scenes that I drew along with everything else appears. Holy Jesus am I a imaginative person or what
r/worldbuilding needs you, fam.
pfft.... i do that on street as well. people automatically maintain a distance.
I do this all the time too. If it's an especially boring drive I'll talk to traffic in different voices/accents. If my car ever got bugged by some government agency they'd get to listen to some weird shit.
Same. It helps me so much to process my thoughts and solidify my arguments towards things. I need a lot of alone time so I can talk to myself. I also need to sing to myself while I clean, so I need to be alone for that too. It probably seems crazy to other people but that's how I roll.
The sheer amount of time I spend talking to myself or my dog would unnerve people if they knew. 
I whisper. Even when I'm alone I whisper to myself while pacing back and forth in the dark.
I put on my Bluetooth so I don't seem crazy when I'm at a light and people stare at me.
Yes I do this too! And I like think about scenarios throughout the day and how I want to word things and say them out loud and argue with myself and shit... I would sound completely insane if someone bugged me
My sister does this sound much 
I used to talk to the dogs I was grooming when I worked at a pet shop for some time, it was a humbling experience to have my coworker walk in on me telling a pug about my day and how I felt about Sebastian asking me out *again* even though I clearly am not interested 
This is me. My brain has dialogue going 24/7, and it comes out of my mouth a lot of the time, too. Mostly when I'm alone, but I've accidentally said things to myself in public too, or when I thought I was alone but my brother or whatever was actually in the next room, which is always a little awkward.
You know I do this too, and I honestly think it's because my childhood wasn't easy so I'm always trying to prepare myself for some inevitable hardship that is coming my way. I know it's not healthy and I try not to do it...
This is actually more common than you think. 
I do this all the time, especially while I'm driving for some reason.
I do this aswell. Sometimes it causes anxiety. Then i remember I made the whole thing up and only I know this.
In my scenarios i start from walking to shop etc and end being chosen one for aliens that give me powers to destroy humans or something like that
omg yes. and I create different endings for them just in case it does happen.
I do this often at work too! It's so frustrating because while I often genuinely enjoy getting emotional -- I can't start crying in the middle of my work day because I'm imaging my partner dying in a plane crash and *oh my God, he used his last moments on earth to call me and I'm gonna start crying* 
Me too! I think about if so-and-so died all the time, for example.
Buzzkill translation(Dog at window)What are you staring at?A squirrel outside, that I cant chase...Well that's what squirrels do.I didnt specify its actions though...No. You got all muddy last time.(Head tilt) Why are acting like this again, u/alltherobots? Are you not well?*Because I'm the one who mops, okay?!*
That's beautiful- awesome that you treat your dog like a people...
My family always has one-sided conversations with the baby.GagaOh yeah?BabadagaWhat else?EeeeeeeAnd then what?
Doesn't everyone talk to their dogs?
Would not make you seem absolutely crazy.
This really made me smile for some reason, thank you 
This is more common than you think.
Yep came here to say this. 
I found it a very effective learning method actually.You learn about the very basics if you have to describe them to someone else.
I did this when struggling with memorizing the chemical structure of DNA in college. I also used the window as a dry erase board to diagram. My roommate got so weirded out she asked for a transfer, but I was the only one in the class who got an A so it was worth it. 
Pretend I'm doing a YouTube tutorial while I'm doing my makeup (as if I'm good enough at makeup for that...)
This helped me a lot in college!  I would say what I knew about the topic and answer imaginary questions about it (usually in the shower).  It helped me memorize and find out any bits of information I was missing.
That will come in handy when/if you have children. 
This is more common than you think.
Lmao I do this with math
You are not alone. I could spend an hour or two just walking around the living room and thinking, especially before going to sleep.
I also do the walking thing
I have seen that in ducktales
I toss stuff when I think.Or think while exercising or in the car.Or dozing off in class...
Glad I'm not alone.  I do this too.  It helps me think.   
I talk to myself while walking in circles around the kitchen before I actually make my lunch.
Fuck man, I do that too
Careful you don't marry yourself. 
I used to do this when I was younger soooo much. To this day walking still helps the blood flow and feels better when on the phone 
This is more common than you think.
You can extract the gold from them.  It's a pretty involved process but profitable if you have enough.  My cousin got his hands on a crazy amount of old computers and electronics and put them though the chemical process to extract the gold.  He made impressive money.
Yeah but I'm cool as fuck to talk to tho
I talk to people all the time as is, I just also talk to myself when no one is around, when I'm learning or figuring something out. I've always done it.
What do you think I'm doing on here?
/r/SkypePals
This is more common than you think.
Yeah, this thread is really boring. 
Same here!
You're not the only one 
That's the only way I can fall asleep. None of my friends do that, so I'm still not sure how other people fall asleep. 
This is more common than you think.
I've done that forever. I've always been too afraid to admit it.
Maybe r/worldbuilding is for you?
As a girl I have to admit I also put my hands down my pants sometimes out of boredom. Also in my bra. I hold my boobs because they're all warm and squishy.
LOL. I kind of do the same but i fold my shaft around my finger. Im pretty sure ive done this for hours while on molly
It's just comfortable to do, though. Especially on a lazy-ass day.
As a Testicular Cancer survivor I laud your vigilant and constant checking, keep up the good work my man, keep up the good work.
I do it all the time, I was doing it whilst reading your comment too, I do it because they are warm and feel good to touch
This is more common than you think.
I do the exact same thing.
Eyy, that's me, too.
Same here. Scabs can never heal because I unconsciously pick at them. At least there are no ingrown hairs on my legs though... not any more
Finally someone who might appreciate this joke:My skin after after a lengthy dermatillomania session https://i.ytimg.com/vi/HA1mbZ_MMh8/hqdefault.jpg
That's pretty uncommon.
Crap. I just thought it was me that did this....
I do this, especially with the skin around my fingernails. I mostly pick at my hair, especially pulling out my eyelashes. I can get incredibly preoccupied with it.
In middle school, I used to pull off strands of my hair one at a time in class, usually from the same area. I wound up with a bald spot where my widow's peak was. Turned out I had intense anxiety.
Seems like I have this...could any doctors PM me so I could ask a few questions?
I...... I thought I was the only one that did this... thought I was batshit. But I have two dogs and they both have different voices, and they talk to me all of the time and I talk back and sometimes they fight eachother and they sing songs and one of my dogs obsesses about talking about how she loves to eat poop. And calls it tootie pebbles.  Pretty sure my neighbors think im absolutely nuts 
This is more common than you think.
Sounds like my childhood dreamhouse
Sounds epic
Can we see pictures? This sounds pretty cool as long as it doesn't get into hoarder territory.
I feel like you might be me but from the future. I hope you're happy with everything
Sounds like my dream home. Gardening, guitars, piano, hopefully drums, a train layout, diorama and model kits, leatherworking, wood working, and chain maille making supplies. 
Sounds like you live in a very creative space. I can dig that. Though I hope you don't get creative in the way your username suggests.
This is more common than you think.That and dildo bikes.
i do that to help me fall asleep, mentally escaping is pretty relaxing.
Is this an effective way to become a better actor? 
yum
This is more common than you think.
OMG IM NOT THE ONLY ONE
I also do this 
Me too
This is more common than you think.
Can you expand on this? What did they do to anger you?
So you made your own RPG? That's actually kind of cool
This is more common than you think.
Yep same here XD
That's actually awesome.
How methodical s your process? If I were you, I'd work on isolating a single variable at a time, and perfecting that aspect of the perfect fry recipe. Adjust temperatures until you find what works best. Then alter each boiler setting individually, until that works, and so on and so forth. 
That's uncommon.
This is more common than you think.
Kind of bringing another fetish into it, but warpmymind has some diaper type files on it.It is a pretty cool hypnosis/various fetish forum/host to a whole bunch of hypnosis files.
This is more common than you think.
It's like you're the lead in a musical. 
Those are prominent symptoms of OCD. If you want to get rid of that habit, there are lots of services you can google nearby to help you. I don't have OCD, but I do have anxiety issues that interfere with my daily life.
This is more common than you think.
I do similar things. I've gotten better at it, but I used to stare at my stove for around 2 minutes before assuring myself it was off.Now I do it for around 30 seconds, which is a reasonable amount.Other things I do lead me to think I may have OCD, but I've never been tested for it so I don't know.
I do the same with my window at night, honestly I think I have a parinoia disorder cause I do stuff like this all the time and I've always thought it was normal...
This is more common than you think.
I do this with InDesign, except at work. In public.Oh would you *fuck off*!Spinning wheel of doom? Are you serious?Oh my god, just go there would you... *fuck*
So true, FUCK YOU JAVA ILL SHOVE THAT NULL POINTER UP YOUR ASS
I know! And you don't have the salty / sticky fingers while on computer.Also try using a spoon. Definitely a game changer for cereals.
This is more common than you think.
I do this too! I find myself also mimicking my face when I repeat what I said! 
This is more common than you think.
This is more common than you think.You should meet dildo bike person and practice together.
So you can see there are no murderers in there, but also have a half that hides all your shower stuff. I'm not sure why the murderers won't hide on the covered side; my brain logic isn't always totally perfect. 
This is more common than you think.
This is more common than you think.
This is more common than you think.
I've done this too. ...also farting under a blanket and smelling that
This is more common than you think.
This is mine. I *made* this.
Preferebly in the whisper talking of a golf announcer on NPR
> mentally sexualize people that we should not be sexualizing.        Just a few hours ago a rabbit trail led me to a video of the Cash Me Ousside girl dancing in a bra and leggings that were so tight on her butt that it's  amazing they didn't  rip.        She's  obnoxious, but she is *built*,  that one.        I fully expected Chris Hansen to pop up on the screen and ask me to have a seat. 
This is more common than you think.
This is more common than you think.
This is more common than you think.
This is more common than you think.
This is more common than you think.
*Do we have full on conversations with ourself, Barry?**Yes we do, Other Barry.*
This is more common than you think.
This is more common than you think.
This is more common than you think.
This is more common than you think.
I've done that for 1/2 hours sometimes, and it feels like meer minutes... Weird...
This is more common than you think.
Paging u/fuckswithducks
I do this with pens, and take this a step further. I look at where the pens were made, and imagine that they're from those places. Then I try to come up with reasons why the war is happening. Usually China wins, because they have the biggest fleet. Sometimes part of me tells me that I'm not six, but then the rest of me says that I don't give a fuck.
This is more common than you think.
> /u/DerpYoshi>That's how you end up dead in her basement.&nbsp;>>> That's how you end up dead>>I'm cool with that.>>> in her basement.>>At least someone cares enough to not throw me out.For fucks sake /u/DerpYoshi, if you're going to say something, commit to it!
This is more common than you think.
This is more common than you think.
This is more common than you think.
What're your thoughts on stuffed animals? I broke down in hysterics* when I was watching a cartoon that featured a stuffed toy getting beheaded.*(when I was 2 or 3, not recently)
Thank you OP 
Samehttp://www.pornhub.com/view_video.php?viewkey=ph55c51cec66dc1
That's not good engineered. The angle is terrible.
There is no correlation between enjoying prostate stimulation and attraction to people of the same gender. Try it before you knock it, bro.
Glad somebody else thought this 
Oh its not a penis! Its a fist.
It's really not. Really. 
Get fit, get off.
I think OP should open up a shop.
My Facebook 0.0
I do this if I'm alone. I'll create the elaborate story/situation in my head and sometimes I'll act out one of the 'characters' lines or act out how a character might react to something that has just been said. It's weird af I know but I only do it when noone else is around so I don't really care. I've always felt like I would be a great actor because of it!
I used to do this at my aunt's house when I was really young, but with a piano.  The high notes and the low notes were two kingdoms, the white Keys were knights, and the back keys were ninjas.  I now play piano.  :D
I whisper mine (so no one else hears. I am in a big family)
Have you checked out r/worldbuilding?
Oh I used to do that as a kid! Started at like 2. I'm a writer now; hope your daughter keeps up with her love for stories :)
Maladaptive daydreaming 
I was about to say this. I always direct it at my daughter in a story. Makes me feel less weird.
Oh gosh, the facial expressions. I do them at work sometimes. I'll look at my colleague and laugh (because I'm laughing in my internal dialogue) and she'll be like What? Then I have to make up something funny... That I just pulled out of my ass and has absolutely nothing to do with what we were talking about...
I do this when daydreaming too, and also while reading or writing something. If I'm writing a story, I'll often catch myself making an expression mirroring what expression my character's face would be reflecting. 
me too!!!
Judging from the amount of replies I've gotten screeching 'It's not just me!' I'd say it's more normal than I realised 
I had been having this scenario playing in my head for a couple of weeks so I decide to write about it. I got bored after 5 chapters :(
Yep! More for fun than anything else, admittedly.
Oh, I'm unrepentant. It's my secret indulgence - and sometimes just a way to cope with stressful situations
I think you might actually be a crazy person.
yes. Ever since my girlfriend and i broke up its gotten way worse....i caught myself saying oh spivey, you're no dummy out loud in the chips aisle yesterday and a soccer mom looked over at me geinunlly frightened. 
They just think you're on Bluetooth.
pfffttt! half the people at my job talk to themselves. Including me, cept I answer myself.
Good way to keep people away.
The trick is to wear a headset, that way you can look annoyed at people who look at you funny
If? You have a cellphone right?
I do this too. Sometimes if there's something annoying me I'll just rant to myself in the car. I do a lot of film reviews too so I often say things aloud about my thoughts on the movie to try and structure the point better when I come to write it. I mostly do it to organise thoughts.
I can gauge my general mental state by how often I do it.  If I notice it happening daily I need to go the fuck to bed and get 10+ hours sleep because I'm dangerously close to sinking into depression.  I don't do well on little sleep.
You just gave me a realisation about myself. Thank you.
I do it in the shower haha
And then a sad song on the radio turns on and it becomes the background music. 
Driving. Shower. Pooping. Random times throughout the day.  And of course right before bed .
Omg i can 100% relate haha! Although luckily i only get that way in the shower.  And usually it's not happy/bittersweet tears, its usually super upsetting stuff lol
reminds me of garfield minus garfield
You made me laugh. Thanks.
Is your baby the dog of wisdom?
I read recently that pretending to understand babies might actually make them smarter. So they aren't crazy, just ahead of the curve!
This is totally what you should do with babies.
Indeed, I've improved many a dish by pretending I'm the host of a cooking show and explaining the process to an invisible camera.
by doing this i learn the gaps in my own knowledge. i mean by pretending to teach someone, not actually teach someone, since i dont actually train others.
were you doing this out loud? if not, there's no reason for the roommate to get weirded out. even out loud would be OK if you explained why you were doing it. 
Me too, just not in circles or around my dining room table. 
I can count at least 7 laptops I have in my house right now. I can count at least 10 phones (There's probably more).....Maybe this is my secondary retirement fund.
Can confirm 
I do this too! Sometimes there's a running theme for a few nights following one story, or sometimes I'll come back to one and pick up where I left off last time. That's definitely the only way I can successfully fall asleep.
Become a writer if you like reading on top of doing this. It's basicly making a living out of daydreaming. Source: I'm a writer..
I have perpetually cold hands, so they're like Magic Bags I can carry with me everywhere and never have to reheat! 
> I hold my boobs because they're all warm and squishy.       Would you care to demonstrate this for the class.?
The best feeling is when it's humid as fuck, so your balls stick to your inner thigh, and you gotta just peel them off.The only comparable feeling is peeling the plastic off of a new smartphone screen.
you sound absolutely delightful! 
It kinda is. Haha
Its pretty unique 
I make sure to keep it fairly neat and organized. I clean ever other day. Its a nice little place. My porch has a hammock that I lay in and watch the sun rise over the Mediterranean. I'd take photos but i have family photos all over. If I take them Down ill update with a pic. 
Are you a brown jew ?
:) a lifetime of work and good connections. Its owned by my best friend. I pay only 500 a month in a area where its normally 1500 or more. I just got lucky. He lived here with his GF and I stayed with them. They got married and were planning on moving. He offered to rent it to me for pennies. I wasn't going to pass up beachfront property for that much a month haha. 
ER. No. Of course not. 
Oh.. Your the bike dude?
There have been a couple who have started rebellions and that really pissed me off, and one set off a war that lasted months. Those are the ultimate rebels and it's very satisfying when they finally are put to justice. One woman assassinated one of my kings, she was sentenced to death. A group of bastards called the rising tides kidnapped the entire family of one of the chiefs of one of my provinces and held them hostage in exchange for the kings rubies. They weren't sentenced to death though I still have them locked up in prison; the little icebox in the freezer. 
I am measuring ideal cook times right now at 350, 400, 425 and 450 degrees.  The problem is since I don't flip them, I rotate 5,7 and 10 minutes broiler times to cook the tops.  I might try flipping at the different temperatures and times but right now just experimenting.   Still massive tasty :)
Be careful of warpmymind /u/Totallynotgaythrow, and make sure to review every single effect that a file may have. You can't be made to do anything you don't want to do, but under trance you're vulnerable to your subconscious desires. A file could sneak in And every saturday at 11:00 am, you will become paralyzed, and forced to feel the sensation of being raped by a pack of wolves. You may want it, and it may arouse you as that does me, but it is in no way a desirable effect. Also find someone safe you can trust, and make sure that they know what you're doing, what files you use, so that they can use whatever relevant key words or triggers to help fix you if something doesn't go as desired. Walk carefully, and make sure you don't cross the bounds of sanity and fall into the chasm of insanity. I don't necessarily like WMM because of all the porn and NSFW stuff on there, are there any direct links to those files you could give me? 
I just use chopsticks! Works for almost anything. 
Let's just jam the p values and surely we'll find the root of all our problems. I mean, we surely couldn't look the countless civilized countries who've experienced the same problems. No, they are all somehow individually and collectively *different*.
That actually makes me feel better, thank you.
HAHAHAH you purposely Dutch oven yourself?
Well actually it's exactly as common as i think. 
Yeah but I'm a hairy 6' white dude.Not a goil.
You're welcome
I'm not clicking that
I'm thinking more like the contraption from Burn After Reading, not just sticking a dildo on the seat of a normal bike.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IUm2Im3SvtU
> The angle is terrible.Maybe it's for anal
would a dildo really be enjoyable while riding a bike though? never experienced the joys of dildos myself but im under the impression you have to be kinda careful taking them in not something you can just jam in without care. and exercising during the act sounds the opposite of being careful.
You should look into maladaptive daydreaming. Symptoms include vivid imagination, whispering dialogue, and acting out scenes from the daydream. It's either a blessing or a curse, as most people find it distracting from their family and daily life. It's basically an addiction to the world in your head.
You should write a song about a battle between the two!
Yeah, I'm subscribed to it :D
aren't we all to some extent?! Moreover,  craziness is relative term and affected by time, place and society!  we are sheeple....one time we will find a harlem-shake crazy, and some other time it is funny, obsolete, boring or weird!!
Sleep or lack there of definitely play a role in it for me as well. But when I get that way it's normally past the point where I will listen to the signs and go to bed. 
I hope that realization is helpful.
YES.
I just recently watched a webinar where child psychologists were talking about how babies actually understand more of their input than we give them credit for, mainly because their output is fairly limited. They don't really have a widely understood language until they're about two--before that, it's lots of cries and babbles that maybe the primary caregivers can interpret...but more and more people are teaching babies sign language, and at remarkably young ages, they know how to communicate wants and needs. So anyway, they were saying that it's entirely possible that babies pick up on affirmation. By conversing with babies, you're affirming that they are autonomous beings *and* that they have value...I'm not sure how true all of this is (like, I don't know if actual studies have been done) but it sounds good...at the very least, pretending to understand baby talk means you're regularly interacting with the kid and exposing him/her to proper language, which we *know* is beneficial in the long run...
I loved reading these comments because they describe exactly what I do too! 
Google/Youtube getting gold from old electronics.  It's definitely an involved chemical process, but worth it if you have enough.
Just remember about safety! Chemistry is chemistry after all and electronic parts doesn't have their own trash containers just for laughs.
I see what you did 
I've written a lot of parts of stories. I read all the time, and love writing. Just never went anywhere with it.
Though you should definitely get a badass Scrooge-style canopy bed
Yeah please do! I'm very interested haha
No, that makes my future so much more surprising!
Thinking that is more common than you think.
I need a lengthy history of your kingdom ASAP. This is far too interesting to not read more of
That's more common than you think.
Oi, you're not OP
I clicked it for you. Not too great, don't worry
Lmao I was curious and left it for reference
Haha yeah. I can't check the links because I'm at work, but I suspect it might be one of those things that are hot to fantasize about but impractical in practice.
> Symptoms include vivid imagination, whispering dialogueOoh, I do this! Sometimes I'll catch myself walking to walk and mouthing the words of the conversation I'm having in my head. 
But we can all agree that since the beginning of time, bitches be cray 
I got a friggin tattoo to remind myself to go the fuck to sleep when I'm mentally unstable at night hahaha
I.. I should. I actually have a Hammock on my deck. My apartment is in the beach 
:) its Super early in the morning. Ill see if I can haha. I'm super embarrassed haha. Even my GF hasn't ever seen it. 
Start listening to Sarit Hadad, Move to Hadera Israel, buy a motorcycle and a start doing weird shit. Also become brown.Boom. Me. 
I see..
Why he's nothing but a big fat phony!
Thanks
I'll get started working on it, future me. Thank you
No problem old me. 
Went about an anal problem. The doctor put his finger up to check all was ok, I made a slight noise and he asked if I was ok. And this is when I said That's nice, instead of That's ok.
I took my puppy to the vet bc she had these weird bumps on her belly. As I was waiting in the exam room I suddenly realized they were her nipples. When the vet came in I sheepishly told him that I am a complete idiot. He was awesome. He said, Here's what's going to happen. I'm going to open this door and you're just going to walk out. Don't stop at the front desk to check out or pay, just keep walking.. In my defense...no. There's no defense.
During a yearly check-up the doc was concerned about my weight. I promised him I'd do better and next year I would be back down to a healthy weight.Maybe a week or so later my doc saw me at a local pub with a plate of hot wings in front of me and a pint of beer. He was a bro and didn't say anything but I could see the look of disappointment in his eyes. 
I went to the doctor to treat my soar throat and I agreed to get a shot of penicillin. If you don't know this shot goes right into the ass. As he put the needle into my rear end I suddenly had the need to vomit. I wasn't feeling anything until the exact moment of contact with my cheek. I yell STOP and immediately try to run over to the sink where I proceed to trip and fall. Then I just start letting it all out over the floor. I was just laying there on my side blowing chunks with the needle still stuck in my ass. It wasn't one of my finer experiences at the doctor. 
I was 13 getting my testicles examined by a lady doctor who was in a wheelchair, as she was examining I grew a stiffy and she told me not to be embarrassed and that it happens all the time... Then I came on her hand which caught her a little off guard... 
I was 14, my mom was in the room.Doctor: You're eating okay?Me: Yes sir!Doctor: Do you smoke?Me: No way!Doctor: Do you drink?Me: Yeah, every day.Awkward 5-6 silence/pause......Doctor continues to ask questions/fill out forms.2 minutes later.....ME: OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOHHHHHHHHHH you mean drink alcohol?? haha, no. Never....i thought you meant milk or something. I remember them laughing and my face getting all red.
Farted on my doctor's hand just as she finished a prostate exam.  Because of the lube it was an especially wet and raspberry sounding one.  She giggled and said she'd be rich if she had a pound for every time it happened.
I popped a boner on the nurse prepping me for a vasectomy...  in front of my wife. During the procedure the doc kept referring to my member as Mr. Happy and talking about how hot the nurse was. The nurse was still on the room btw.
Was at a urologist in a hospital and there were a couple of power cuts. Lights dipped out, generators kicked in.As he's finishing the examination, mid-sentence, the lights go out again. He gets up and walks out to check on things.Fifteen minutes later I'm still sat on the bed with my old chap out and pants around my ankles. A nurse walks past the open door and does one of those comedy double-takes.....do you...do you have an appointment?Turns out the doc _had_ actually finished the examination, and returned to the ward some 15 minutes ago. To the nurse I was just some guy who had walked in and pulled his pants down and left the door open.
Getting a physical around 11-13 and the doctor who was probably around 75 at the time asks me to strip down to my boxers for the whole awkward ball grab thing. Obviously at that age and dealing with all that shit you feel weird so when the doctor **only** said cough I mustered up a big one and was prepared to fire when he suddenly interrupts me with these words of wisdom Son, when a man has your balls in his hand you don't cough in his face.
Not sure if embarrassing is the right word, but I was definitely ashamed.    When I was ~14 I confessed to my mum that I thought I had depression, she immediately booked me to go to the doctor later that day, then my cat came in with a wheat seed in her eye which was fully hooked around her eyeball, we couldn't get it out so we had to go to the vet - which meant a 30Min car trip with me holding a cat in agony. Got out of the car with cuts all over my arms, ribcage and sides, vet mercifully gave us a cage for free on the way back (helped that I literally bled on his bench).    Went to the doctor a few hours later, mum explained how I'd seemed distant and my grades had tanked that year to the doc who said Yes, and I can see the self-harming. Mum said No, no, the cat did that today, we had to have her in the car. And I burst into tears because I had been hiding wrist scars from her. When I held out my arm to let the doctor look I felt so ashamed. Mum's a friggin' angel I didn't want her to think she'd failed as a mum.
When I was a little kid, the doctor made me lie on my tummy on his examining table so he could take my temperature rectally - a new experience for me.I didn't understand what he was doing as he inserted the thermometer, but he left me there in the room with Mom, saying he'd be back shortly to take the reading.Somehow, I must've hated having it penetrate my rectum because, as Mom described it, I managed to poop it out, causing the glass thermometer to smash on the floor.The doctor heard it break, and came running back, telling Mom that he had *never* before had a kid eject a thermometer through rectal motility.
I went for a physical when I was 14. At that point I'd had my first period but it wasn't very regular yet. At school that day it just happened to start, and it started with a vengeance. All I had with me was panty liners and that wasn't going to cut it, so I ended up going into the bathroom and stuffing my underwear with toilet paper, like you do. Of course when I get to the doctor she said, Since you're a teenager and you're going through a lot of changes, I like to a check of your genitals just to make sure everything looks ok. Nothing internal, just external.So I pulled my underwear down and a ton of bloody bunched-up toilet paper fell out. I tried to pick it up before she noticed but she definitely did. She was cool about it though. Before she left the room she gave me a goody bag (just a little bag with a sample of acne cream, candy, and random little toys she gave kids before they left) and slipped a pad into the bag as well. What a pal.
I'm a very anxious person and went to see my doctor about said anxiety, and whilst sitting there listening to him talk about medication I was of course beginning to feel increasingly more anxious. An immediate symptom of anxiety is sweaty hands, and so I'm sitting there with my hands becoming clammy and I'm holding them together on my knees, and when it comes to my turn to talk I anxiously squeezed my clam-hands together and made a very authentic sounding fart noise. I didn't really know what to do so I sort of made a oh! expression and said sorry, and he said it was fine but it was on my mind the rest of the day. I still think about it. Like, when has anyone ever had to apologise to their doctor for making a fart sound with their hands that they were afraid for being mistaken as a real fart? Why would I apologise? How weird is that?
Was at a dermatologist at age 18 before heading off to college.  I had a few red spots on my chest and she wanted to check down below to ensure there was no internal bleeding.  While my pants were down and she was checking, the nurse walked in without knocking and had a nice view along with half the waiting room.  The nurse backed out quickly and I received a profuse apology.  The doctor had to go prepare a treatment and I got to hear her tear the nurse a new one in the next room.
I was embarrassed for the doctor! Many years ago I had a suction lipectomy done on my neck to remove excess fat. When I went back for a post-surgical follow-up, the doctor asked me to remove my blouse and bra. Never having been shy or modest around medical professionals, I figured he must have needed to see my neck in relation to the rest of my chest. So I happily disrobed and was standing there with my stuff hanging out, when he realized I was not another patient who had had a boob job. He calmly asked me to put my clothes back on, and apologized for mistaking me for the other patient. But he was blushing like crazy. I just got a chuckle out of it.
I was suffering a terrible case of gastroenteritis. I had thrown up a few times and was still queasy and yet I had to drive 15 minutes to my doctors office. It was an exercise in clenching and willpower, an exercise I almost won.About 2 minutes from the doctors office, I was hit by uncontrollable heaving. While cruising down a main road I began vomiting out the window, and quickly pulled onto a side street. As the internal pressure in my colon and my levels of fear and shame simultaneously reached a terrifying peak, I clutched at my door handle and fell out of my carInto the street.Wave after wave of puking and diarrhea hit me, with no remorse and no slowdown. In the space of 2-3 minutes I was coated from head to toe with the entire former contents of my digestive tract. Vomit and vomit splash back on my torso and arms, and liquified feces all over from my ass to my feet. I was a subhuman beast, on all fours covered in my wrongness.And I still had to get to the doctors office.Fortunately, I had some thick plastic bags in the backseat of my car, and I was able to cover my seats in order to avoid destroying them.  I made it to the doctor without further incident.I will never forget the looks of disgust and the searing shame that burned into me in the waiting room.  People beheld me like a horse patty come to life, which at that point I basically was. Brown and orange with burning red cheeks. I gave my name to the instantly pale receptionist and said I'm very sick. She had me wait for my appointment in the restroom. I spent the next 10 minutes in their tiny restroom with only my recently deported intestinal immigrants for company. It was gross and embarrassing, but at least I didn't have to see more people.I eventually saw my doctor, who greeted me warmly saying it looks like you have had quite a day. After some diagnosing and discussion, he determined that I had gastroenteritis and gave me medicine, etc. The man had delivered me into this world, and handled my transformation into a poop-puke golem quite well.In the following years I've had plenty of embarrassing medical visits, but none will top the time I went to the doc after vomiting and shitting all over myself.
I had to get an ultrasound on my testicles once (was having weird random shooting pains in them and the doc recommended it to see what they looked like and if everything was ok) and the nurse who performed the procedure was incredibly attractive which instantly made me nervous and as she was rubbing the jelly stuff on my sack I went from six to midnight thanks to the sensation and the fact that I was nervous.  I can honestly say that moment may have been the hardest my dick has ever been and there was nothing either of us could even do about it except for me to get even more nervous and embarrassed and repeatedly mumble uhh umm uhh sorry uhh while she looked away and said, multiple times, it's ok it happens really often.Edit: I realize I said testicles - plural - only to later reveal I have one. I apologize and would like to point out that while I've been sans nut for over a decade, I still actually refer to them as plural. It's just a habit of being a guy. Everyone refers to balls, not ball.
Not a doctor but an optician.I went for my annual eye test and to get a prescription for the next years supply of contact lenses. I usually meet the same optician and he gave me a warm welcome to the big machine that tests your eyes. He started the test and was very surprised to read the results. In great excitement, he came up to me and said : Maam, we have only come across this in theory and I never knew this is really possible. Your power has corrected completely! You dont need contact lenses or glasses anymore!I actually believed him for a moment before sheepishly replying Are you sure you negated the effect of the contact lenses I am wearing?.Turns out I was supposed to take them off at least 30 minutes before testing my eyes, oops.The man was at loss for words. Not sure if he was more embarrassed or I was.
I had to get a shot. The Dr left and a super cute nurse walks in and asks if I'm ready. She's filling out papers as I undo my belt and turn around. As I'm getting a hip out she turns back to face me and says, Oh! Your arm will be fine... So I pull my pants back up and lift my sleeve. To try and recoup I say, Usually I charge for that but I'll let it pass because it was my mistake.
I pooped on a doctor while giving birth. I'd been eating a really seedy bread loaf leading up to labour, so it was really lumpy. They pretended like it didn't happen but I knew. 
I was in the hospital a couple months ago for chest pains and was subjected to many scans and tests because I have a heart condition. I had to be given special medication to lower my heart rate for a CAT scan, but the doctor was cute and every time he walked back into the room, my heart rate would spike. Eventually they had to kick him out.  What else can you do but laugh at that point?
Strep-nipple.I had a one night stand with a dude who bit my tit hard enough to draw blood. No big deal at the time, but 3-4 days later my left boob is swollen and painful. Head to the nearest Medicentre and I get the 70+ year old male doctor, who I was hoping to avoid. I tried to not have to show him, and just tell him I have an infection and need antibiotics, but off course he needs to see what's going on. And it's not like I can lie about what happened, because there are blatant teeth marks. You could feel the air change in that room when he noticed. Doc does a swab of the area, gives me antibiotics, and as I'm leaving tells me to make some better life choices. I didn't bite myself, bro, but okaythanks. I found out after that it was a strep infection. On my boob. Gag.
Kind of a different situation, because I wasn't a patient. But I was finishing charting, stood up and then tried to sit on the rolling chair. I must have slightly pushed it backward because I could only catch the slightest edge of the chair, tried to catch my balance and sit farther back and the chair slid back farther. This went on for about 15 seconds until I fell on the ground. It was so prolonged and awkward, and of course in front of a group of physicians about to start rounds. 
When I was 19 (also a virgin at that time) I had a pulled muscle in my groin from work. Went to the doctor, and his first assumption (after confirming it wasn't testicular tortian) was a UTI. How often do you have sex? I don't...Really? Like, none?I'm a virginAt your age?I was fucking 19 in a town full of people I hate. I'm not here to be judged by you, just fix my pulled muscle!
I had a tick latch itself into my penis. A female doctor had to remove it... In front of my wife, who came along for moral support and couldn't stop laughing.
When the young, female doctor wanted to check my cervix, and blushed when she said she needed to look down thereI was so embarrassed for her. Don't they learn the proper names for it in medical school?
I panicked when a doctor asked why our lung specimen has an incision on the third lobe (accidentally stabbed during dissection) spur of the moment lied about maybe our cadaver died from stab wound in the lung, I said. He replied, as an aspiring doctor next time own up to your mistake instead of making up stories to cover it up. I'm so embarrassed by my action then, I still cringe when I remember. I hate Anatomy class. Edit: I have nothing but respect for this doctor. Although yes, I would have appreciated if he didn't do it in front of our group but I know I'm wrong about lying and it's fair to get called out for that. The value of credibility transcends all profession and it was reinforced to me that day. 
Probably when I had an ultrasound on my scrotum. I had a lo, had the lump checked out. He made a awkward comment about testicles looking like aviator glasses on the screen and mine were perfect shape. Didn't have cancer though, which was nice 
Every year, the doctor tells me I need to try to put on some weight. During this year's checkup, I broke out the Yoda:Do. Or do not. There is no try.I totally bombed and doc didn't even crack a smile before breaking into his usual spiel about MEGA MASS 4000.
Not a doctor, but I was taking my cat to the vet and this conversation happened..I'm a new cat owner..Vet: okay, so drinking at home?Me: umm I mean socially, but not very much.Vet: no...I meant the cat, is he drinking water okay?I was so embarrassed..
Not mine, but it's too good not to share. Someone from my local subreddit went to a doctor for contraceptives. She told the doctor she needed anti-baby. 
Not really embarrassing bc my doctor is amazing, but anyway. I went to the doctor when I was around 16. I'd started developing allergies for the first time and wanted to get it checked out. She checks my nose and throat. Yup, that's allergies. Then she checks my right ear and literally goes, What the hell is that? And I'm like Oh, sorry yeah I get a lot of ear wax. And she goes No..... it's SHINY.Back track to 4 days before that. I was a rebellious teen and wanted to stretch my ears without my mom knowing. So, being the smart kid I was I hot glued some pearls to the plugs so they looked like earrings. One morning I woke up and one was missing and I couldn't find it.I had to tell her my earring broke and I'd been looking for that pearl for days..... She laughed, I laughed, she tried to get it out and couldn't, had to call an ENT doctor instead. (I ended up getting it out at home later).TLDR: went to the doctor for simple allergies and ended up having an embedded pearl in my ear.
When I was a teenager, I jerked off - a lot. I can't remember exactly the problem, but at some point I worried I had damaged something. I think I started getting painful urination and this weird discharge once in awhile and I didn't seem as hard. I ended up worrying about it enough to tell my mom, who took me to the doctor. Primary care guy questioned me, then took my penis and brutally squeezed it, I'm guessing to check for discharge. I then got referred to a urologist, who at first harshly questioned me if I was sexually active, and not to lie (I was like 14 and a super awkward, zit-covered nerd).Anyway no one found anything wrong. 
I am obese, but not to the point where I am rolling around like a ball to move I was just a little over the obese scale, but my doctor gave me a 30 minute lecture on how being fat can lead to a whole lot of shit in my future and if I don't do anything about it now I am pretty much fucked. That wasn't the worst part it was the fact that my dad was there and he had just given me his daily nag as to why I am so fat so I started crying in front of the doctor because I knew I had to lose weight but it was so hard and I was giving up the doctor sort of was caught off-guard a little and I told him I would try and follow his advice as best as I could. Lost 2 kg recently, not much considering my size but every little bit help's.
I had a sore on my penis the doctor took out a magnifying glass and inspected it, then acted like he couldn't see anything, he made  a little smirk and a giggle I did not realize till later he was making a joke about my penis size.  Ok you got me Doc. 
Pulling my dick out to get checked for herpes but was really just a friction burn.
Went to the family dr to get a lump in my armpit checked out. The nurse told me to put on a gown so I mindlessly stripped down naked and put on a gown. When the dr came in he had a weird look on his face and said you really didn't need to take your pants off.... Awkward!!! 
I was having horrible unexplained stomach pains. On the cold metal table on my hands and knees, somehow I didn't expect him to very forcefully jam a slippery lubed finger knuckle deep up my previously unexplored ass without even a warning. I instinctively kicked him hard in the chest while growl/screaming FUCKYOU! in front of two female nurses and my overly christian mother. One nurse burst out laughing and left the room. Being face down, I can only cringe and imagine the other responses. Tl;DR: doc fingered my ass in front of my mom. 
When I was 16 my doctor (who was friends with my mom) mistook my very full bladder for pregnancy.
The time I asked Dre for an autograph after a concert and he turned out to be Xzibit.  I didn't feel like a racist asshole at all...
Not me, but my mom's friend went to the doctor all concerned when she was 17 (this was back in the day) because she had recently started touching herself and discovered a lump near her genitalia. The female gyno congratulated the 17y/o scared virgin on finding her clitoris.
One embarrassing moment was during a normal checkup, the doctor was doing the back tapping routine for any soreness because of a history of kidney stones. Progressing towards my sides, he entered the tickle zone, and with as much resistance as possible I tried not to laugh. But I broke and laughed this hideous screech unlike any sound out of my body before, followed by an unpleasant passing of methane. I farted. The rest of the examination was very quiet.
Had to give a piss test for a new job. I was nervous, not because I was on drugs or anything but because I never had to before. So I show up and fill out forms and then the nurse tells me to pee in the cup and not to flush or wash my hands in the tiny bathroom. I got nervous once inside and I had to poop and couldn't just pee and not poop, ya know? So after like 5 minutes I open the door and tell her what my issue was. She was taken aback and was like that's fine just do your thing. So I went and then peed in the cup. I came out and handed it to her and I was like, do you want me to flush? She was just like, umm yes please.Fucking awkward. 0/10 wouldn't do it again.
Probably all the shits I took while giving birth to my second kid. I felt a push coming on and relief and I asked, That was poop wasn't it? My husband said,It sure wasn't a baby. Doctor nodded, left and never came back. So much poop. 
So last year I had my annual pap smear and I go to a little family clinic. They're all very sweet doctors and they all talk to each other about their patients. Well I used to have an IUD, I say used to because I had a rare complication from it and after a few months it went through my uterus and took a little off road trip in my body. Now that was the first time this clinic had seen this complication so all of the Drs I saw wanted to ask about it and I didn't mind. But back to the pap smear, we we're discussing the IUD and my surgery from that situation while I was undressing and she performed the scraping of my insides and while my legs are wide fucking open in the stirrups she goes wow, I've never seen that before, it's really interesting and scary. I know she was talking about the bc but I still told her, while I was laughing, not to say that as she is in my vagina. 
While I was getting dress I started to feel a weird feeling. It didn't hurt, but I still felt the need to call the doctor. He told me not to worry and to call back if I started feeling pain. So the day went on as scheduled.Come nightfall, at about 8pm, I felt the first contraction. My husband was asleep and I didn't want to wake him because he had to get up for work in a few hours for work. I called my mother to tell her that I think I would go into labor that night and she told me to call her back after American Idol went off. So I waited.After a while the contractions started to get worse and I woke my husband to let him know that he wouldn't be going to work and that would be the night. All the while I felt as if I had to have a bowel movement, but I didn't go because I thought I would push the baby out into the toilet. So against my better judgement I didn't use the restroom.When we reached the hospital I still had the urge to use the restroom but could only focus on the contractions until I was injected with the epidural. My husband and mother was there and watched the entire birth. When she finally arrived. we were all overjoyed! Some months later my husband told me that I had had a bowel movement while pushing our daughter out. Although, it was months later, I was mortified! he said he didn't tell me because he didn't want to me be embarrassed
Prostrate exam.  The doc stuck his finger up my butt then exclaimed smooth, soft and supple!  Good job!
Pap smears are always the worst. The absolute worst one was when I was too shy to tell my doctor that, no, your student cannot shadow you when I'm spread eagle.He was explaining my vagina to the student for a good five minutes as though it were a diagram. It's even more special when the student asked what's that thing there by the cervix? Mucous is normal, Christopher! Shut up.
I once thought I snapped my banjo string and I ended up having this strange foreign doctor touching my dick while he made small talk
It was valentines day at school. I was in 3rd grade and you could pay a dollar to send someone a rose. Every kid got at least one rose, ya know. So at the end of the day there are roses everywhere (when I think about it, they might have been different flowers, are roses expensive?) and we started putting the petals down the backs of people's shirts. Well later that day I had an appointment with a pediatrician and when she asked me to pull my pants down for the hernia check, a bunch of rose petals fell out of my underoos. I must have fainted because the next thing I remember is my mom and the doctor laughing hysterically and I was laying on the floor. 
Oh god. When I moved states to live with now-husband, I was just starting a new job, he was out of town a lot for work, not too many friends, TONS of stress...one night I was home alone and realized I started bleeding...from my, er, backside.Called my (now) in-laws who live about a mile away and asked them to take me to the ER (had no clue where the closest one even was!)Got there, was admitted, waiting to see the doc, and realized it wasn't blood from back there...I was having my period. I HAVE NO CLUE why I thought the first scenario, but when the doc came in, I had to explain my misunderstanding/situation...after, oh, 25 years of menstruation at that point. Complete humiliation I got to live through again and again as the hospital bills came in...
Not in front of a doctor, but I was sent to take a urine sample and for some reason my brain just blanked and I didn't realise that I hadn't locked the door. I shuffled around with my pants around my ankles to put the lid on the piss cup and an elderly woman opened the door to see my bare ass. She made a small oh! sound and quickly closed the door again. What made it worse was that the toilet opened out onto the waiting room where she had likely retreated to, so I had to make the walk of shame past her afterwards.  
I was getting an std test.  When the doctor pushed the q-tip down my dick hole, I did the weirdest fucking jig.  My right leg just completely spazzed out.  When the doctor pulled it out I could see her trying to hold back the laughter, which in turn made me laugh, which in turn made her laugh.  Tears of laughter ensue on both sides.  When the nurse came back in she asked us what was wrong which made us laugh again.  I guess it's really not that embarrassing, but the doctor did see my wiener so there's that.
First time having a whole body scan. The nurse told me to go to a small room and undress. I did, and as soon as she looks at me she's all like What the Hell?.Apparently you are not meant to take ALL your clothes off.
I was just getting my flu shot and the nurse asked which arm I wanted it in. I was wearing a sweater and I wasn't going to be able to roll it up to my shoulder so I started taking it off to give the nurse access to my arm. She looked surprised and rushed to close the door. I had a shirt on underneath but apparently she thought I was just stripping my clothes off so I felt really awkward the rest of the visit.
When I was 13, the doctor saw that I had strep throat. You know that little stick they basically shove down your throat to swab it? I hated that test. When she put the stick in my throat, I had a bad reflex and kicked my doctor in the shin. Hard. Most embarrassing thing to ever happen to me in front of her.
An animal doctor. I asked why my female dog had a testical looking thing and wondered if it was a tumor of some sort... He said Uh.. I think that's just her vulva.. The good/bad news is, she actually did have a tumor some place else! 
When I was 18 I went to the doctor because I was having testicular pain and was concerned. My regular doctor was out on vacation at the time so they scheduled me with a different doctor. The day of the appointment I found out it was a girl, she was a very attractive probably almost 30. She asked me to pull down my pants and I hesitated because I felt awkward, she told me if I didn't feel comfortable she could get a male doctor. I said it was okay so I proceed and while she feels to see if I have any lumps or anything on my balls I get the biggest boner of all time. I was embarrassed and she said it was okay it happens. I also noticed her wedding ring and couldn't help but wonder how she would tell her husband when getting home from work. 
Having a cut on my bollocks after deciding to make them a bit fancy for a check up. Didn't want to go OTT but took off a few of the crazy-long ones with a razor.  Accidental Nick. Bled like a mofo but forgot all about it by time the appointment came around. Then she asked me about the scab on my sack. I suddenly flushed and found myself looking down at this unfathomably hot doctor holding my plums in her gloved hand. Before I knew what was happening I was reeling off a story about catching it on a fish-hook whilst organising my tackle in the nude. It sounded ridiculous. She knew it. I knew it. I cringe every time I think of it.
I went to the ER for constant vomiting and stomach aches. The doctor asked me when was my last period, I told her that i was born with male genitals. She was embarrassed, I more so. 
Not a doctor directly, but when I was having a bit of my booty removed due to some ingrown hair, the anesthetics nurse (who wasn't present during the process, thank god) was a girl which I was in 5th grade with and which left our school and I didn't see her until that day 7 years later.It was quite awkward, but then we had a little chat with her, she was pretty nice :)
This was at the dentist about 10 years ago. I was getting teeth pulled and was on laughing gas and super high on it. Apparently I was sick of having his fingers in my mouth because I bit his fingers really really hard. I wasn't aware I was doing it until it was too late. He had to take a few minutes to get his cool back. Truthfully, I regret nothing because who in their right mind chooses to be a dentist?
My girlfriend fell off the table at the gyno once.
I had just come back from camp and was brushing my hair, and I felt this weird little lump on the top of my head. So I showed my mom, and we had NO clue what it was. Her thought was maybe it was a tick. She kept of trying to squeeze it and it hurt- really bad. Off to the doctor we go (me slightly freaking out about lyme disease). Nurse comes in, looks at watery-eyed cnk93, takes one look at lump, prods it with a finger and states That's a birthmark. 
So I had my son two years ago. Ended up with really low blood pressure and they gave me a lot of fluid. Like a ton. In the excitement after he was born (and without having slept in 24 hours), I forgot what the nice nurse told me when I was transferred to my recovery room that I should get up and pee frequently.One of the midwifes came to visit me to see how I was doing. She was my least favorite one. I needed to pee. I got up and sat down very quickly because I started peeing the second I stood up. She thought I almost fainted and came over telling me that I needed to be more careful as I blushed and said I was peeing. Stood back up, got it all over her shoes even though I was trying to hold it in. Hobbled to the bathroom leaving the largest puddle of urine I've ever seen and still managed to pee in the toilet. And again while another nurse came in to help me back to the bed. Good thing my kid is cute.
There was a lump...  Near my genitals. 15 year old me was very concerned and had to go through the awkwardness of telling my mother I had a lump near my genitals and needed to see my pediatrician immediately.Pull down pants for Dr who sees my impeccably fresh shaven genitalia, sees the lump, and immediately starts to laugh. I had used a cheap razor to get my nads to shimmer and glisten so spectacularly, which had caused an ingrown hair and scist to form.  He took a pen and drew the whole thing out for me on the paper atop the table.  Wet warm cloth for a few days to bring it to a head and months of my mother awkwardly asking if I was sure everything was still OK down there
Throw away because its god damned embarrassing.  Had lower back pain that escalated over the course of a week.  Thought I must have injured myself moving a keg (bartending at the time).  I did not have health insurance at the time, so going to a chiropractor wasn't in the budget.  A week in, the pain was totally overwhelming.  Couldn't sleep or work or function.  I did as much research as I could to try to find a way to minimize or reduce the pain with almost no success.  The one thing that did work was rolling on a tennis ball, which would stop the pain entirely until I got up again.  After doing the tennis ball thing one morning, I took a shower.  Afterward, while talking with my girlfriend in a towel, the dog took a new interest in my butt region and was jumping up to sniff the 'ol pooper.  This is how I discovered that I had an abscess, right at the top of my butt crack, that had begun leaking a particularly odorous stream of puss.  More internet research led me to the conclusion that I wasn't going to be able to fix it on my own and that complications might very well bankrupt me if I were to need surgery.  Needless to say, immediate medical attention was required so I went to urgent care.  After hours of waiting, I was finally admitted and introduced myself to the doctor; a young, very nice, though extremely flamboyant gentleman.  He then proceeds to bend me over the table to get a good look.  I have a large abscess that is pressing against some of my nerves, causing the back pain.  He then spends a few minutes squeezing as much of the puss out of the wound making chipper small talk until he proudly announces that he feels he's gotten almost all of it.  I am told that I should come back to get it checked, take antibiotics, and oh, by the way, if I happen to have someone in my life that could continue the process of squeezing more puss out, well that would be recommended.  More than happy to torture my girlfriend, I tell him that yes, I do have a person like that in my life and she's conveniently located in the waiting room!  He sends for her and she reluctantly joins us in the office.  The doctor explains the situation and she agrees to help.  Now its time for him to show her how.  My pants return to the floor and my ass to the sky and the prodding continues.  Right as the doctor is telling her, with both of them leaning dangerously close to my furry fart factory, that he's confident that he's gotten it all, but that she should check over the next few days to see if more puss can be coaxed out.  SPLAT.  The fucking thing explodes.  It squirts puss across both of them as well as painting the wall, less two human silhouettes, behind them.  It even gets all over the box of leftovers my future ex-girlfriend had from lunch.  My back pain is now totally gone, there is an endless pause, and we all three double over with laughter, though I guess I was already bent.  This is my most embareassing moment by a long shot.  The abscess healed just fine and I didn't need surgery thanks to the spelunking efforts of the doctor and my lady.  Also antibiotics.  Turns out she was cheating on me at the time, so I can't blame the incident on our relationship's demise, though I'm sure it didn't help.TL/DR: Dr shows GF how to help drain abscess in butt crack; it then pops dramatically covering both of them and the wall in puss.
During a physical I casually asked my regular doctor what a red mark was by my mouth.He was writing something down and without even looking up he said you drool in your sleep.I've always wondered how long he knew that information since he didn't even need to look at me to answer. He was right too. My husband just never wanted to mention it. Lol! 
Thought I had gone deaf, too much ear wax, funny thing is my mum just cleaned mine out again and I can hear so much better, must have been like nearly deaf without releasing for a good...2 years?
Went to the ER to have surgery on my leg. Prep nurse told me she was gonna have to insert a catheter so I could pee during surgery. I had to ask my mom to leave the room so this other woman could shove a tube down my pee hole. Fucking awful.
Went in for a regular check up. I have anxiety so I was getting really nervous just waiting around for the doc to come in the  room. Everything goes smoothly and she asks to take my blood pressure so I remove my coat and cardigan. At that moment I see that my blouse had MASSIVE UNDERBOOB SWEAT MARKS that went down to the waistband of my jeans. Another win for the underboob sweat. 
My then boyfriend has a giant dick, and he tore my vagina :( I went to the hospital and they asked me if we were using any toys, or scissors! Hahaha it was incredibly embarrassing, but luckily I didn't need stitches. The elderly nurse recommended a ton of different lubes to me which was pretty funny. 
Gynecologist every time.I have the word respect tattooed down there...Right above a tiny crab tattoo.Cocaine is a helluva drug.
when i was 14, went for a skin problem.The doctor was checking me thoroughly and he checked me down there too. I hadn't bathed for almost a week. I'll never forget the look on his face.
Had cyst on my tailbone that needed to be lanced and gauzed. Already an embarrassing situation for a young woman. Came in a couple days later for follow up exam and the VERY attractive young doctor said  nice to see you face to face this time. I think he knew he was being cheeky (pun intended) but I was mortified.
Doctor: We need to do an ultrasound on your thyroid.Young me: Ok.I laid down and lifted up my shirt. 
That time I was drunk and they asked how often do you drink.  My response; never.  Pretty sure they knew I was full of shit.  
I took my pants off for my testicle ultrasound, the staff in the room saw my cock, and hey, there's a curtain I havn't noticed. When the doctor did the ultrasound I thought it's better that I lay back and relax, but my penis kept interrupting the procedure and the doctor pushed it away a few times, and he eventually said would you hold it already?
A few years ago, I experienced a discomfort in my right ear. For some reason, I went deaf on that side and I was pretty sure my ear was blocked. I went to an ENT specialist to have it checked. While examining my ear, doc asked me if I use Q-tips to which I said yes. He told me to stop doing that because using Q-tips for a long time pushed the earwax far enough to cause the blockage. While putting the medicine inside my ear to flush the blockage, all of a sudden he said, Aren't you embarrassed that you can't hear and your friends might see this if they look at your ear? Then he proceeded to laugh. I was caught off guard and thought to myself, Is he fucking serious? I went to him for a solution for my problem.. Yes, he did help me but at the same time, he humiliated me.
I was around 12-13. This older man around 50 was checking my balls, doing the whole turn and cough thing. Anyway, in an attempt to make the situation less awkward I said, This must be your favorite part of your job. He then told me, Just wait till you are 40 and I have to check your prostate. I started laughing, then I realized I was laughing while this old guy was cupping my balls. It got kinda weird.
I've had to have a few ECGs where they molested my boobs to find the right place to put the stickers, and then sprayed freezing cold stuff all over my chest.I also have to get weighed in my underwear every two weeks and it's always very awkward when they try to look away and not stare at my scars.
I went in with my mom to get a check-up from our family doctor, who also happened to be a family friend. She was asking me questions about my health, and my mom just kinda sat back and listened to me answer them. Until we got to the question that, basically, asked if I smoked, drank, or consumed other drugs. Before I could say anything, my mother told the story of how she found out I smoked cigarettes and weed. This doctor, not only being a family friend, was also one of the doctors who helped my mother give birth to me, so she's known me all my life. She looked appalled, and well... fuck it was awkward, man. 
Passing out on the examination table bc the urgent care doctor thought he saw some herpetic growth on my labia, just a scab from not moving for 7 hours on a plane, had me convinced I had herpies for a week. 
When I was 18 I had to get an external ultrasound to see if I had polycystic ovaries.  The doctor who did the scan was in his 60s, a very abrupt and to the point doctor.  He asked me questions, though never once asked if I was sexually active - maybe because mum was with me - then said that I would need an internal ultrasound because he couldn't find my left ovary.The doctor that did my internal ultrasound was a bit younger than the first one, and a woman.  I remember being shocked at how big the probe thing was.  It also wouldn't fit inside and it was painful.  I told her that it hurt a lot and she asked me if I had ever been sexually active.  I said no.  Her demeanour changed immediately, she backed off quickly, checked her paperwork and said that the other doctor had put down that I was sexually active.  He'd never even asked!  I don't know if she was embarrassed (I definitely was, underneath the gown I was exposed and had my legs up in stirrups), but I think she was shocked that the other doctor would have made that assumption without checking.  I suggested that it could have been because mum had been in the room with me at the time.  The doctor made an angry noise, then kindly asked why I'd been sent for an internal ultrasound.  I said the doctor hadn't been able to find my left ovary.She did an external ultrasound and found my left ovary straight away.When I left, extremely sore, I saw her heading purposefully to the other doctors office.
I remember reading on here about a guy (young teenager at the time) that jizzed into a nurse's face by mistake while he was having a physical, because she accidentally touched his dick or something and he was super horny. Also his grandma was watching when it happened. It was wild. 
I went to a general doctor to get a lump/redness on my boob looked at. Well who walked in? My friends father. My friends dad had to touch my chichi. 
I ended up in the ER for a severe stomach flu (came down with it in full swing at my pain management dr, couldn't leave the bathroom bc i was throwing up so hard i couldnt stop pissing, let alone get the 50 ft to my car). After the emts brought the stretcher to the bathroom door and took me the 3 miles to the hospital, before I could get the iv zofran for my nausea I kept throwing up violently and simultaneously pissing myself. They had to change my sheets twice. It was so embarrassing 
I was chief resident on chief rounds with my 4 interns and 4 medical students and my surgical attending asked me what malignancy is associated with Lambert Eaton syndrome, I got it wrong and then he asked the 3rd year medical student who got it right. So embarrassing 
This happened when I was around 9 years old. I had hurt my neck. Had a big bump on the side and couldn't hold my head up straight. I was in a lot of pain. So I go see the doctor and he asks me how I hurt my neck. So I explain that in gym class we were doing headstands and I was practicing on my bed at home. I fell overs sideways, and hence the neck injury.Well, the doctor started laughing. Then,  he left the room,  gathered up the other doctors in the practice and made me tell them how I hurt my neck. Then they all started laughing. This was pretty traumatic for me as a small child. To this day I have no clue what is funny about a child falling over and hurting his neck. Maybe I could see why it might be funny to other children.  But to doctors?  I don't get it. 
Had a hernia in 6th grade. The nurse examining me was very attractive and had warm hands. So I pitched a tent without a canvas and she in turn gave me an endearing wink. 
It's a constant embarrassment that I have to let each new provider I see that if they stick a needle in me I will probably pass out.
Probably not knowing if my water broke or if I wet myself (spoiler alert- I wet myself) not once but three times during my pregnancies. 
Going to get the (contraceptive) coil fitted, I asked my boyfriend (now ex) to accompany me because I'm really squeamish about this kind of thing and I was nervous. The doctor went through a series of embarrassing, personal questions beforehand. This is how the conversation went, and why I ended up without a coil. Doctor: When did you last have intercourse?Me: Uhhh... yesterday Doctor: What contraception were you using? Me: (nervous glance at boyfriend) Umm.. nothingDoctor: Nothing! (Judgemental look) Well then I can't give you a coil. We can't give them if there's any chance of pregnancy, and we wouldn't be able to test for pregnancy 24 hours after. Me: (dying inside) I.... I mean.. I wouldn't have been able to get pregnant though. Doctor: You can always get pregnant from intercourse. What do you mean? At this point, we're both squirming in our seats and tying to avoid using the word anal.TLDR: Doctor refused to give me the coil because we'd had sex 24hrs before, and we couldn't bring ourselves to clarify that there's no chance I could've got pregnant from anal. 
Ive had some health issues the past few years.  I went to the Dr. For a routine exam and discussion . The conversation goes as this. You know Mr. Ferret  I have been thinking about testing you for Testicular cancer. Uh. Uh. ITS OKAY DR!why are you yelling? I CHECKED NO CANCER. IM OKAY. VERY OKAY. I CHECKED. NOTHING IS WRONG. I THINK EVERYTHING IS WHERE IT SHOULD BE! Right.. Okay.. Well.. -To be honest I don't know why i was so absolutely paranoid. Or why I yelled.
To a nurse, not a doctor:That moment when I had to explain exactly *how* I knew there was a cyst on my cervix. I used euphemisms for a while, and she kept getting more and more confused, until I finally said I was masturbating and stuck my fingers up there, okay?! She seemed shocked at the concept.
I know this is another boner story, but I promise mines a little different. I was about 15 and went to get a physical. The doctor was this young woman who had.. a pretty nice physique. When it was time for the physical she actually got down on her knees. 15 year old me freaked out and I did my best to fight off a raging boner. It got to about a 3/4 chub, but to this day I still never understood why she got on her knees. Like was she just fucking with me??
Went in for a steroid shot for the flu  which of course had to go in my butt cheek.  As I was pulling down my pants to expose my half moon to the nurse I turned my head and asked does it matter which cheek it goes in? I immediately realised how stupid I sounded but the nurse got a good chuckle out of it so it wasn't all bad.
Went to the doctor for a lump on my testicle and was told that lump was apart of it.
I had a one night stand and went to the doctor to get checked for stds.  He examined my penis.  He told me to follow up with him in two weeks.  When I went back in we were in his office and he had his back turned to me and I dropped trow thinking we were going for another inspection.  I was looking at the ceiling awkwardly waiting and he turned around and saw me weenie and asked, what are you doing?  I responded, we're not doing the inspection thing?  With a straight face he proceeded to say I think one time was enough for both of us.
Was getting checked for the usual, and had an elderly doctor (walk in doc, not my usual) who started going on about pregnancy. I stopped her and told her there's no way I could be pregnant, and she insisted that even if I used birth control I could still get pregnant. I again told her, no, I can't get pregnant with my biologically female partner. She then asks me if I'm sexually active (duh that's why I'm here) and tells me that I could be pregnant if I've been having sex with someone with a dick. Again, I tell her I haven't or ever have. Asks me if I'm bi. Tell her no I'm a lesbian, and she alludes to me getting pregnant again.I wasn't pregnant, obviously. She gave me a goody bag filled with condoms and a birth control leaflet 
I was getting an X-ray for my spine because I've got scoliosis and I had to take off all of my clothes. I apparently didn't put that little paper dress thing they give you on correctly so the doctor had to help me. Turns out I knew the doctor because her son was one of my good friends. Long story shortshe saw both my boobs because I couldn't figure out the dumb paper dress thingy. 
My dad's a family physician. He gave me a physical for track and field in high school. It included a hernia exam
Not a doctor but relevant.I have to regularly go get blood tests due to a health issue to make sure my pills are working. The nurses that take my blood have ALWAYS had trouble finding veins in my arm so sometimes they may mess up. Usually this leads to me getting really cold, sweaty and dizzy but a drink of water and laying down helped.Now, normally the nurses are these really nice older ladies that my family has gotten to know. This time it was a really pretty new nurse fresh out of school. This girl checked all the boxes for me from red, curly hair to wearing those thick hipster glasses (don't judge me).Anyways I was already kinda nervous cuz needles and now this really cute girl is gonna be stabbing me soon. She says hi, i fuck up by saying good, how about you, it was bad. Then, as if it was scripted by Satan himself, she stabs my arm, I got cold and dizzy and she starts freaking out because she doesn't know whats going on. I wake up a couple minutes later with one of the nurses dying of laughter while the cute red head was close to crying.
Last May, I got an IUD inserted for the first time. The doc did three pushes to get it in. The first two small pushes were painful but bearable and I nervous-giggled through it. The last push was so bad that I emitted a noise reminiscent of a woman in labor. And then I squirted blood all down the poor doctor's calf. And not just a little bit either. The kicker? She just so happened to be wearing a skirt that day, no pantyhose/tights under it either. For a few tense moments, we locked eyes and exchanged horrified glances. Then we both burst into hysterical yet frightened laughter, me attempting to apologize all the while. 
It was a resident in training. A female resident. She had to ask me about personal questions about habits and lifestyle. One of the questions went something like: What kind of relationships do you have? Do you have relationships with men or with women? For some reason, I answered with men then I looked at her in horror and deep embarrassment and answered with women, with women! Why did I say that? I was so embarrassed...She was very professional and didn't really acknowledge what had happened, not even a reaction.
I was seeing a doctor for the first time and they asked me about my drug and sex habits and I said I never really did anything and he laughed at me. I was only like 16 at the time and I felt pretty bad about it.
Just yesterday I went in the ER for severe stomach cramping and nausea. Checked for constipation- four enemas and a personal inspection... AFTER the enemas 
At 13 I developed a hernia in my groin. After surgery and a month of recovery, I went to a doctor my mum set me up with, and it was an elderly woman. She pulled the curtain to hide my mum, told me to drop my pants and then became the first woman beyond young childhood to touch my cock and balls thoroughly. It was cold, so were her hands.
Went in for a dive physical and the doc had to give me a rectal exam. Military wants a witness in there so you can't claim harassment later I guess? Anyway he probed me while some PFC watched. I got fingered by a dude while another dude watched. 
So I was getting an STI checkup as an 18 year old and, for some reason, they wouldn't let you do the urethra swab yourself in privacy. It had to be done by the staff, in a semi private room. I found out when I moved to Chicago that that's 100% NOT how things work in cities, but in my small rural county it totally is. So I've gotten the blood draw and mouth swab and now I need the dick swab. The attendant comes in, tells me to drop trou, and sits on a low stool in front of me. I drop my pants and he realizes he forgot the sterile swabs and sample container. So here I am, standing in the middle of this room, pants at my knees, and this dude is just casually walking around trying to find the sample containers. I keep trying to pull my pants up and he keeps getting more and more belligerent that I need to stay how I am and it will only be a second. Then he leaves and leaves the door open. I pull my pants back up and just stand there awkwardly till he comes back. Leaves the door open and tells me to drop my pants. I ask him to close the door, he won't. I drop my pants and he, while aggressively gathering a sample, starts going on and on about how I need to respect medical authority and do what I'm told. Got a clean bill of health and never went back to that clinic again. Edit: I was also a lot more cautious with who I slept with after this, to avoid ever having to do that dance again. So, I guess that's justification? The health benefits of a healthy dose of shame.  
When I was a bit younger I started having a horrible pain in my testicles. Basically felt like I had been kicked in the balls, but all the time. Felt a weird lump down in there that wasn't there before so I bit the bullet and went to the clinic.After the usual 3 hour wait was called in to the examination room. Middle aged grandma type doctor comes in and takes a look at the sheet, goes OK Mr. decadentz let's look at your balls. Take off your pants and lie down.After scolding me for untidily leaving my jeans on the floor she then gently fondles my balls, and diagnoses me with epidydimitus. But not before commenting 'Wow! your ball sack (yes she used those words) is so stretchy and loose! I've never felt one this stretchy before!
I was getting my breasts examined by the doctor and his insanely hot new student joined us... and my stomach just decided to grumble really loudly as I laid there with my bare chest in front of him...
I'm sorrrrry!
That's alright. In med school, when we're learning the pelvic, breast, and male genital exams, they're constantly reminding us to stop saying Everything looks good, or That's nice/great. 
Similar thing here, doctor apologized as he is giving me a prostate exam, and I said I don't mind. Couple years later I tried to make an appointment over the phone the receptionist said they weren't taking new patients, I said I'd been a patient since I was a kid, she puts me on hold for a minute, when she comes back she said he was too booked up to see me anymore.
The brain can be such an a-hole sometimes. 
Jesus christ
If it helps the prostate is there. It's actually a healthy and normal reaction to feel pleasure from your prostate being stimulated. With that being said this doesn't change who you are. Take it from a gay man. 
A little to the left doc, that's the spot
> The doctor put his finger up to check all was okJust be glad you never had the roids. Going to the doctor for that shit is as humiliating as it can get. 
I work at a vet's office. This is way more common than you think, so don't feel too bad. We've had people who have tried to pull off their dog's nipples thinking they are ticks.  One guy argued it couldn't be the dog's nipples because male dogs don't have nipples. Eta: We've also had a lady who came in holding her dog with oven mitts on. She said the dog had a huge tick on it's paw and had become very aggressive when she tried to remove it (hence he oven mitts). I take the dog to the back, we muzzle it, and look everywhere for the tick. The vet goes out and asks the owner if the black spot on the underside of the paw is what she was the tick she was trying to remove. The owner replied yes. It wasn't a tick, it was the dog's paw pad. She had spent an hour trying to pull the dog's paw pad off. 
My uncle had a male dog that he brought in to be fixed. After a quick exam, the doctor pointed out that the dog was in fact female. My uncle said, then what's that?, pointing to the dog's crotch. The doctor replied, That's a vulva. My uncle, I married man with a daughter, hollers in his Brooklyn accent, Vulva? What's a vulva? 
Haha similar story with one of my dogs. I got her from the pound, where she was dumped, and there was zero history on her at all. I told the vet she looked like she was already spayed because she had scar tissue on her belly. She told me it was just the spot from where her umbilical cord was cut. I had never had a dog with short fur so I had never noticed before. 
This is hilarious. This is a wholesomememe post :) 
Just.. keep walking 
Do you ever plan to stop following the Doctor's orders, or are you still walking?
I didn't know what these 2 rows of bumps on my dogs belly that were making this white fluid were...then I squeezed one and it hit me.
Your doctors a bro. Hopefully you ended up sticking to your word and made an effort to get to a healthy weight. 
Okay, this is a little bit of a different story, but one time I ran into my personal trainer at a bar.  I told him I had been good - I wasn't lying, I really *had* been doing good.  The basket of fries really was a rare cheat, I swear!  I also swore up and down this was the first beer I've had in a month!  He didn't buy it, at all.I never went to that bar again 
The visual of that made me laugh so hard!  
This made me laugh out loud. YIKES!
Well, you win the thread. There's no topping this.
Wait, who's chunks?
I don't think I've ever met a doctor in a wheelchair... Do you know why said ball juggling doctor was wheelchair bound? 
Do you have a wheelchair fetish now?
How did you cum on her? no stimulation? whatsoever?
Which one of you was in the wheelchair? 
so, obviously the next question is what happened after?
When I was sixteen, I got sick, some stomach thing. Thought I was better, felt fine at least, so for the first time in a bit over a week I'm up and moving around. Drink some oj on a break from chores, and immediately puke and get hit with the worst stomach (or any other) pain of my life. had to crawl to the couch to to get home from the store.So off we go to the pediatrician, a man from somewhere in eastern Europe with an accent I can understand perfectly maybe only 3% of the time. He asks me in front of my mother (context, this woman is Christian, definitely regrets having me out of wedlock as a teen, and therefore spent my teens getting me shirts that say things like condoms can't protect this over a pic of a heart and taking me to abstinence seminars) if I'm sexually active.I heard it as Are you *socially* active and enthusiastically answer yes.Mom clarifies. I spend the rest of the day awkwardly and emphatically explaining I've never even so much as looked at another person's genitals never mind touched them yes I am definitely a virgin no chance in hell I can be pregnant to pediatrician, another ER doc, several nurses, and my mother. Was given pregnancy test anyways. Turns out I was severely dehydrated and that's what triggered the puking. Severe dehydration plus infection led to pain, got IV antibiotics and NS.
Awww, cute story :) 
That is so stinkin cute. When I was little in the back seat of the car I saw my dad drinking a juice box and started panicking because my dad was ...... DRINK DRIVING
Lol! I did this on a school survey. It said do you ever drink hard lemonade? And I put always because I thought it meant with extra sugar.... 
Aww, she sounds like an awesome doctor.
Found the Brit
She'd be *fat* if she had a pound for every time hat happened.
She probably gets around 50 pounds every time it happens.
I'M SOORRRYY! 
I read that as I pooped a boner.... That would have been some wild trip to the doctor story.
Lol I've got a half Chub when my doctor was feeling around for lumps or whatever, it's hard not ti
That doctor is totally boning that nurse. 
i was getting my sack image'd because they were afraid I had vericose or something...and man it took 100% self control dude. Its just you and this nurse in this dark room while she moves the imaging thing around your sack and it has this cool cream thing on it too and you're sitting there trying not to think about all those nurse pornos you've watched but MAN this is a setup.luckily, self control won out that day but i got real close 
I don't have a penis myself, but I'd imagine that must happen to medical personnel fairly often - certain physical reactions are unavoidable when handling your penis, it's just how they work surely? I've noticed myself getting wetter before when getting a smear or vaginal exam, I'm not mentally turned on but physical stimulation in that area is going to elicit a response.
I had a UTI infection once. and was at the Doctor's office.. So the only Hot and young Nurse comes in and starts examine my Member and the Area around it.. of course it happens.. I get a freaking Boner and she just giggles..The Boner was gone in an instant when she put a fucking Metal Rod for some kind of examination down my Pee hole.. 
That doctor is awful you just don't leave without  telling a patient you're done and let him doing yoga with his butt exposed. 
I've had a doctor leave the room and not mention the exam was over. I don't know how long I waited, but the nurse who found me said they called for me at the front desk and thought I'd just left.
1. This short story could be considered a coming-of-age story. Does it qualify as a Bildungsroman? Why or why not?2. What do the boxers in this narrative represent? What does the cough represent? What does the doctor's hand represent? Are there any other metaphors present? If so, what?3. Compare and contrast this with one of the following: a) *East of Eden* by John Steinbeck b) *A Day No Pigs Would Die* by Robert Newton Peck c) *A Portrait of the Artist as a Young Man* by James Joyce d) *Are You There, God? It's Me, Margaret* by Judy Blume e) *Northanger Abbey* by Jane Austen f) *A Portrait of the Artist as a Young Dog* by Dylan Thomas
I finally understand the turn your head part of turn your head and cough.
>Son, when a man has your balls in his hand you don't cough in his face.Sorry for asking, but what do you do? 
I hope you are doing better now. It hurts to know that you were in this situation.
Oh god this brought back memories. In eleventh grade, my parents found out I was self harming (someone told the school). They dragged me to the emergency room, and while there I had to roll up my sleeves in front of them. The sound my mom made when she saw was just.... I don't ever want to hear that sound again.
The same sort of thing happened to me! I had a cage of sick pet rats I was medicating... each one I'd hold in one hand, and syringe in the mouth with the other. Of course they scrabbled and scratched me all over my wrist and arm. So I went to the doctor about depression at that same time, and she didn't believe me about where the marks on my wrist really came from. Was really mean about it, actually. Cunt. :)
Damn that was a pretty emotional story but I hope you feel a whole lot better now.
Why the fuck where they taking a rectal temperature?
When I'm rolling a new character on any game, that's the one stat I HAVE TO have maxed.  Go ahead and have 3 con or 1 charisma, if the rectal motility is maxed, it's all good.
Must have been a new doctor
wtf my school nurse's office was always stocked with pads. My period always took me by surprise and I was a frequent visitor.
Holy shit, I did the exact same thing. I was too self-conscious to tell my mom when I started my period, and one of them coincided with my yearly check up. On the way home from the pediatrician's office, my mom chewed me out, saying that the doc probably thought she was a terrible parent.
This is hilarious and demonstrates how anxiety is a self fulfilling prophecy
I'm really sorry and this probably seemed horrific to you at the time, but I am genuinely laughing so hard.
Did you get medication?And honestly, he's a doctor. He's doubtfully ever thought of it since. Anxiety is a cruel cruel thing, making us think things like this are the end of the world...
>  had a nice view along with half the waiting room.Sounds like a really poorly designed doctor's office. I've never been to an office where the exam rooms were visible to the waiting room. There are always extra doors and walls so that doesn't happen.
Did the doctor tell you why she needed to check below? I don't really see the correlation between red sports on the chest, internal bleeding and genitalia...
Similar thing happened to me once:Here in Austria, all young males have to go to the military for two days where they test you to check whether you are fit to serve. There are all sorts of tests, they take blood, test your lung capacity etc. One part of this is also a doctor examining you whether you are alright physically, and the doctor also checks the testicles to make sure everything is alright. Well, while I was being checked some young soldier came in the room. The only problem was, I was now standing there in full view of the waiting room. The doctor utterly destroyed this young soldier, telling him why he should knock and everything. It was glorious.
Hey it's me ur doctor
Upside is he thought you had perfect tits
mistaking
Excess fat on the neck? Explain please. Just from weight or did it grow there abnormally?
Ah yes, the double dragon. I am sorry you had to go through that. It's horrible.
I'm sorry that you had that experience, but that was the best story I've read in a while.
Oh God. That happened to me last December. Except I wasn't holding down water and I was getting really dehydrated so I ended up in the ER. My fianc was with me, also a shitty, pukey mess. Never cheap out on sushi. At least it made for an interesting way to celebrate our engagement the night before. 
Poop puke golem - this phrase made my day
Can this happen to anyone or is it genetic? You're a brave soul.
I just want to say I am sorry you had to go through that. It sounded absolutely mortifying but I had a good time laughing at your story. Thanks for making me laugh and I hope you never get this ever again.
So was anything wrong?
I have also had to get an ultrasound on my coin purse, but the ultrasound tech told me to put my manhood on my tummy and cover it with a towel. I was slightly worried about getting a boner, but she was the third chick that had looked at the family jewels that day so the novelty was gone.
Is this the definition of an *awkward boner*?
That's fucking glorious. 
Could have been avoided if he'd done his job and actually examined your eyes like they're meant to!
Sounds like the dude was a moron if he didn't see your lens on your eye with his equipment.  
lol nice save 
I've heard from an OB Nurse friend that it happens a lot.  Like more than 25% of the time. 
I did too. Doctor had to change her scrubs and the nurse had to carry a puppy pad away that had caught most of it. They were so concerned about saving my dignity They tried to conjure up some sort of alternative reason for it all. I think the doctor said she just wanted to wear a different color for the happy arrival...lol 
I took a huge dump during the labor of my 2nd. I told them I had to poop and they didn't believe me since that's what it feels like anyway. When I went to pushing on the birthing stool I was like oh well can't hold back and first 2 pushes peed everywhere then pooped everywhere. The nurse had to wipe my butt because I was too big to reach. We all laughed about it (haha more room for the baby!) and I was just relieved there would be no chance of pooping on my baby's face. No embarrassment for me because if you have NURSE in your title poop is no big deal.
Yeah, out of all the things dudes warned me about no one mentioned that my wife could just poop during delivery.  Biggest surprise of the night.
I like to imagine them pretending it didn't happen with a big poo stain on their face.
Super common.  Many of my friends pooped while giving birth. Makes sense. Pushing out a baby involves basically the same sort of pushing. Also part of why so many women end up wth terrible hemorrhoids after having a baby. Child birth is pretty gross. 
I was observing a delivery for school, and the woman yelled I'm so sorry, doctor, I'm about to take a huge dump! He just replied, no, that's your baby.
According to my dad when I was born and pooped on the doctors shoe as he was picking me up 
Don't worry. It's not unusual. Next time when they ask you if you want an enema ~~laxative~~ before say yes
It happens all the time but you don't make a big thing about it. Women shit. So what? Please don't let it make you feel weird because you're not. I don't even remember one woman who shit on me specifically because they pretty much all do. 
Totally normal! It's a real design flaw but we have one set of muscles for peeing, pooping and pushing out a baby. My midwife said they actually are glad in a way if you poop because they know you are pushing correctly. I distinctly remember when having my son being told to push 'like you need the biggest poo of your life'.
Obstetrician here. Can confirm. Happens more often than not. Usually not a problem but sometimes the smell is overwhelming. Not as bad as a retained tampon though ....
This doctor tells this story to everyone who will listen I bet. Best reason to get kicked out of a patients room. Too hot, screwing up test results.
Awww, that's a cute story :-)
God you poor thing >_< Also it is SO inappropriate for him to say that!
My left boob is crying for you. I'm pretty sure it's retracted. That sounds fucking horrible, you poor soul.
Holy shit that's funny.
It reminds me of that guy who fell for 15 seconds straight and I love that gif so thanks for reminding me.
Lol what a dick!
I've told this story before but here it is again.I went to the doctor for a routine physical.She asked me if I was sexually active.I don't get laid that often.  I mean fairly rarely.  So I was like nah.  She said ok and then it kind of hit me.  Wait, what do you mean by sexually active?Have you had sex?Oh, yes then.  I thought you meant if I was actively hav- nevermind.  Yes.
Best thing about being virgin is that you can easily dismiss quite a few diseases. Worst thing is that you are in fact a virgin.
Lol man, you shouldn't be ashamed. I'll be a 24 year old virgin this year. 
how did you acquire a dick tick
Your wife is the best. I would be the same way. 
You mean your bajingo?
Unfortunately, a lot of medical personnel use euphemisms because some patients are uncomfortable with proper terminology.
I'm imagining a medical class where they use phrases like down there or willy to describe the unmentionables. So the first thing you do for the exam is gently grab the berries of the twig and berries, and ask the subject to cough. Then, grab a napkin to wipe off the baby juice the 13 year old shot on your hand.
Doctors get embarrassed too...There was a TV series last year about GPO surgeries where they filmed hundreds of consults and there was this one young woman who had to examine the genitals of a chap of about the same age and whilst she conducted the exam like a professional, once he'd gone she did the head in the hands thing and muttered something like I *hate* doing intimate exams, especially when they're young and attractive!
Honestly, you'd be surprised how many times I tell patients that I have to do a pelvic exam or a rectal exam and I'm met with blank stares. Or when I ask when their last bowel movement was. Many, many people are not medically literate so we often end up using lay terms. 
I have a similar teaching moment where someone had a little mess up. I work at a large animal hospital, and one day we had a group of mostly pregnant cows in for pregnancy checks and a couple bulls. We had an intern who was in vet school who would palpate the cow, give his estimation on the length of gestation, and the doctor would check after to see how close he was. As I was recording the cows' tag numbers and duration, the doctor steps away for a second and I see a bull coming down the chute. Without fail, the student turns around and shoves his arm up this unsuspecting bull's ass. Doctor returns, looks at him for a monent, and says So how far along is that bull? The student smiled and said Thought I'd be safe and check just in case! 
........pics?
The doctor was concerned about the examination difficulty, but there was nothing wrong with the test ease - David Caruso, as he covers his eyes with the nuts of /u/WutangOregon while Roger Daltry screams
Unsolicited advice time: How old are you? I'm 26 and tried the protein powder thing when I was a teenager. Could not stomach the stuff, no matter what brand or flavor I tried.The stuff today is way better and I finally broke out of the underweight category last year. Definitely glad I did it.
Oh god.  You just reminded me of one of my ENT visits, where the doctor asked if I could handle the vacuum.  I was like, 'Well, my apartment's a little messy, but yeah...'Turns out he was asking if I could handle having my ear suctioned out.
This is the funniest thing I've read all week. Thank you for the hysterical laughter (woke my cat). Fantastic!
German by any chance?
When I worked as a pharmacy tech, we had a young Asian woman ask for No Baby. We figured she had a BC script. Her English was quite poor, so looking her up in the system took forever, and in the end, she wasn't on file. She just kept saying No Baby. Then she pulls up her phone and shows up a picture of Plan B. No Baby procured.
Baby repellent is my favorite. 
Around 4th grade I was doing some arts and crafts involving beans. They started collecting them, but I would have none of that. So I put one in my outer ear behind my long hair. Fast forward 30 minutes and I tried to collect the bean. But I pushed it in my ear. We couldn't get it out, and eventually I went to bed. We found a bean on my pillow the next day, so we assumed it was out. Then my freshman year of high school I started getting ear infections. Went to the doctor and he found an obstruction. Eventually gets it out, and it's that damn bean. The most shocking part was how much sound I'd been missing for 6 years. TL;DR, I lost a bean in my ear for 6 years. 
I had bad OCD as a child and use to beat off too much to get the right number of wanks in. We're talking 20+ a day here. Eventually my penis swelled up to the size of a large sausage and I told my mother. She took me to a psychiatrist and he made me a chart we kept in the kitchen to count each time I jerked off. I had to go and fill it in every time I went for a wank.
But hey, you got your dick squeezed. So there's that. 
If you want a weight loss community r/loseit is pretty great. 
My friend has been obese pretty much her whole life. She's 26 now, like me. She got a stomach band thing several years ago and it didn't work. Caused her a lot of pain cause it had slipped up. She finally got it out last year. Now she's able to eat normally and exercise. She has lost 100 freaking pounds in less than a year. She's counting calories, drinking more water, and going to a weight loss counting calories group. it's amazing. She's so beautiful.. I've never seen her face like this before. Your dad shouldn't nag like that. It's not nice or helpful. I hope you can live on your own. Maybe then you'd be happy and lose weight. People who are treated badly for their weight have a much harder time losing it. 
While that is a little unprofessional it's also hilarious. 
That's really unprofessional.
I thought I had herpes once and went to see a doctor. He was Indian and didn't really know what herpes was. He turned his computer monitor around to show me the screen and then googled 'herpes' and asked if this was what I had. I told him that I was here for that exact answer and was hoping he could help me out.  Instead he just looked at my dick and sort of poked it and suggested I might have HIV.  Went to another doc and got some tests and turned out I didn't have anything. 
Why do they need to embarrass people jeez
This is so frustrating to me.  I understand they deal with many patients, day in and day out, but they ought to be more clear.  Imagine going to a restaurant and the hostess says, hi, go sit at table 31.  I've never been to this restaurant before, how do I know what the hell you're talking about?
i have just died laughing, i'm so sorry for you . But hell that's the most natural response ever! 
So, you're implying all doctors look the same?
Hell there are grown men who can't find one with a GPS.
Sorry, but I lol'd.
Never came back???
Lol good Drs need to hear this
That's super common, don't worry!  The doctors and nurses see it all the time.  It's not because you lost control, it's because you're using those same muscles to push, and plus the baby is helping to squeeze things out.  Lots of women don't even realize they do it because the nurses clean it up right away.  They expect it.:)
I'm always saddened a little when I read this story in is various retellings. Your midwife/OBGYN is supposed to tell you to expect to shit yourself during birth as it happens so often.  As put so well [elsewhere in this comment section](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/5te36n/what_was_your_most_embarrassing_moment_in_front/ddm2653/).
Everyone shits on the birthing table.
A lot of people do. It's normal. My nurse actually thanked me for not being scared to use my muscles. She said she has seen labor stall in women that are too afraid to poop on the table. 
That is really common. I've shit the birthing bed 3 times. 
We have the best prostates, don't we folks. 
Went in the other day to get my thyroid checked (which is located low at the base of your neck btw). Thyroid problems are pretty common for women of my age, and standard protocol, along side blood tests, is the doctor feels around the thyroid to make sure there's no swelling or strange lumps.After my doc feels around on my neck he exclaims well, your prostate feels just fine!  I gave him a look of ??!?? and burst out laughing. He looks at me, then realized what he had just said and turned bright red, then started laughing too. Apparently he'd just finished poking around at someone's prostate, and must have had prostates still on his mind... : ) 
I had this happen recently. I didn't really mind because I've had two kids and tons of people have seen my goods as a result of it. Including my poor father who thought I had already given birth and burst into the room as my son was crowning. It was funny, though, listening to the doctor use my vagina as a teaching instrument. 
>snapped my banjo string Is this a euphemism? 
I cringed so fucking hard at this 
Probably carnations. They're cheap as fuck, especially in bulk, and they're hardy enough to last the school day/be abused by kids until you get home and your mum puts them in water without wilting.
Oh poor you, I can totally see myself doing something similar under stress! 
I highly doubt i'd be able to find any scenario funny whilst having any object put into my dick hole.
Sounds like her mistake
I've seen this example several times in this thread, and it seems that some nurses and doctors aren't giving clear enough instructions. I've had a whole bunch of doctor's appointments and tests in the past couple of months, and if I've needed to undress, they have been specific with the instructions. From the waist down but keep your underwear on, waist up including your bra, etc. 
Don't worry. It's good to question anything weird. I had a guy bring his cat I'm because she was acting weird. The owner didn't know female cats went in to heat and dragged themselves all over the house while making this terrible meowing sound that sound like they're in pain. We had to tell him this was totally normal and a spay would make her normal all the time. 
Why would she tell her husband?
At least that means you pass well!
She was a nurse at 17?
I can only hope that your comment doesn't pop into my head at my next gyno appt. and cause me to start laughing.
This used to be my fear because I had vertigo when I lay down.  My doctor told me I haven't lost one yet.
Scooched too much?
How did your mum not know that was there?!
Wibely wobbly testicley westicly
*cyst
When I was in grade school I thought I had a bug or bugs crawling around inside my head.  I could feels onetime moving around and when my parents took me to get it checked out it was just shifting ear wax.
Still one of the most painful experiences in my life.  I was 15, in the hospital with appendicitis,  and the next day I learned they had chose to withdraw their urine sample by that method because they thought I'd be too uncomfortable to walk to the bathroom   REALLY?  just ask me next time.  I would have done cartwheels into the bathroom, or just pissed in a cup there are my bed while they watched - it wasn't like I maintained any privacy while they shoved 150 feet of tubing up my dick.
I'm pretty sure not bathing for a week is bad for your skin. 
I bet you started bathing much more frequently after that. 
Well that's completely unprofessional. He's a doctor, not a life coach.
Should have replied, Aren't you embarrassed that you have an advanced degree and spent a lot of money for it, but everyone you meet can tell you're still an unprofessional asshole?
I have also had to be weighed in my underwear every 2 weeks while in treatment for ED. I literally do not understand how they think that helps any sort of body image issues. Good luck to you! 
Wait... you can get cut on your labia for sitting on a plane for too long? Were there razorblades on your seat or something?
I'm sorry that happened to you. I had a similarly bad time at my first gyno exam. I was 16 and still a virgin and wanted to go on birth control to regulate my cycle. So my mom took me in to get a full gyno exam because that was the thing to do when you wanted BC back in her day. So I get all settled in and I'm nervous and the doctor tries to put the speculum in and it is just excruciating. She kind of blows it off and keeps going and at some point I mentioned I was a virgin and her attitude did a complete 180. She tells me to get dressed and calls in my mom and then *absolutely rips into her* for bringing me in for a full exam when I wasn't sexually active.For the record, I don't blame my mom for not knowing the new guidelines, but I do blame the doctor for being an awful bitch to her instead of gently correcting the misinformation.Also, the reason it was so painful is because I have a really small vagina (I need the child sized speculum) AND it's retroverted, so I need them to insert at an upward angle, but she was instead digging it down into the back wall.
That's *cruel!* Congrats doc, you gave a little kid shame.
Sure it happened 
That's extremely unprofessional and fucked up.
Go! Stick it in! I am an AMERICAN! 
So now this guys had to deal with OOOOOOM and I'm sorry
MULANEY
You look different...
Haha my buddy in med school is from Canada, and when he went to do our mock interview exam he said perfect! when the patient stated her parents were no longer alive. At least we get the chance to practice and fix our foot-in-mouth syndrome
This reminds me of another thread on reddit where a guy said that during his residency he was doing an ultrasound on a very nervous first time mother. During the exam the machine shut off and he mumbles to himself crap it died. The woman proceeded to freak out. 
Our mock interviews were filmed and played back in front of small groups. One dude taking the history asked... So how is... sexual reproduction for you.Instead of are you sexually active. 
I don't belive you.  
> Take it from a gay man.N-no...
I had this conversation with my wife, i stood up and slowly lifted my shirt to expose my man nipples while doing a little dance. 
Ouch. 
Wonder what they think human men have....
Yeah so I thought my cats nipple was infected or had something embedded in her skin. Turns out it was a REALLY big black head......still makes me shudder to this day. Never knew cats could get those.
Ohh, poor puppy. 
We had a lady come in two years after getting her cat neutered saying the testicle had grown back. She had been feeling his penis. 
When I first got my puppy, she had what looked like a hella gross pimple on the inside of her leg. I sent a pic to my dog trainer boss, as her response was you sure that's not her nipple? Like fucking yes I know it's not her nipple, unless she suddenlu grows them on the inside of her leg??? I thought we was fucking with me. Didn't think it was common. 
I'm trying to imagine how 'vulva' sounds with a Brooklyn accent.
My mom is 67 and she doesn't know what a clitoris is.  I wasn't able to explain it to her.  I just had to say never mind. 
I'd hit you too if you were squeezing my nipples.
Sadly OP was unable to control his eating. Within two weeks he died of diabetes.
> this was the first beer I've had in a month!  And what was the beer-hating personal trainer doing in that bar?
I ran in to my trainer after a couple too many, walking home. He teased me a bit and said at least I was walking. I did extra cardio the next morning out of shame. 
Doctors of reddit, what's the most embarrassing thing a patient has ever done?Doctor:Well stupid here decided he didn't want the shot in his ass and yelled STOP while it was in. Ran away, tripped, and started puking on my floor. Had to step out from the laughter.
Dr. Chunks, M.D
No idea. Super sweet lady though. 
her spine didn't work right.
I'm impressed the doctor didn't let her disablity get in the way of her dream of being a doctor; I did read that in certain medical schools they don't allow students in wheelchairs admission as they would be unable to administer CPR. If your doctor, or any disabled doctor did an AMA tha't be great.
No,  I do have a bit of a doctor fetish though... My wife is a nurse and sometimes I have her examine me
No but he loves his vegetables
>I was 13
She had this wooden necklace of testicles around her neck, and was comparing the sizes to mine. She just kept going back and forth between my balls, and her necklace balls. Like 15 seconds later and I splooged... It was sad 
He was 13. Very little in the way of stimulation needed.I remember getting a bloody boner from holding a girls hand once back in the day. 
She was. I was laying on a bench
Damn, your mom needs to stop projecting her guilt upon you.
The same exact thing happened to me. I heard socially active instead of sexuality active. After boasting about my numerous friends, I realize what he said and embarrassingly clarified that I was not sexuality active at the age of 13.
what gave it away, genius?
It,was during the prostate exam
I tripped and it slipped right in! I swear!
And you know, opening the door
We always walk the patient out and up to the front desk at the clinic I work at. When I first started I didn't really get why and thought it was just a formal/courteous thing. It makes complete sense now. It can be really disorienting to come out of an exam room and know which way to go, even for frequent, established patients.
1. This can indeed be classified as a Bildungsroman, due to the face that the OP experienced an inner awakening throughout the course of this story, transitioning from a naive, inexperienced urchin into an older, wiser man in front of the reader's own eyes. Having received this indispensable piece of advice, OP has been able to successfully complete his evolution into adulthood. 2. The boxers represent the facade of life. Often, when one goes out, one tries to mask their insecurities, their foibles, their qualms about their life with a veneer of vivacity. However, the organs underneath symbolize their true life, and their real mindset, which one would typically not prefer to see exposed-- just like genitals. The doctor's hand represents a person who has complete access to you, one whom you have let your guard down for and opened up to. Typically this is a significant other, or a best friend. The cough is supposed to be a depiction of an unsavory action committed towards that loved one, be it a breakup, or an insult, or what have you. In short, the doctor's advice really is When someone you care about deeply has your life in their hands, don't go about ruining that relationship. More succinctly, one could say Don't bite the hand that feeds you. 3. James Joyce's modern masterpiece *A Portrait of the Artist as a Young Man* compares most favorably to this work. In Joyce's book, the protagonist Stephen undergoes a sort of enlightenment, becoming more aware of the world around him and evolving in the process. The main character in u/egnard 's story also experiences an awakening of sorts, which undoubtedly shapes his perception of the world and began to mold the very foundation of his being. Although the plot elements and causes of conflict are vastly different, the takeaway remains similar in both stories in that one is susceptible to outward change by their environment and that they must not refuse it, but embrace it. 
***High school English PTSD intensifies***
I haven't caught your comments in a while and this just caught me right off guard, christ man
As a former English Literature student, I both love and hate you.
Found the English teacher
Dr here. Patients do this all. The. Time. I think being in an exam/hospital setting is just so disorienting they sometimes forget the basic stuff. 
Turn your head to the side before coughing
[deleted]
Yeah I'm fine, the depression was as much puberty as actual sadness. Just a funny story to look back on nowadays
I hope you got the help you needed. I remember how hard it was when I went to the psych ward on my parents but that didn't stop my help. Turns out I was pretty ok, other than the chemical issues, but they were reluctant to let me go home due to how unstable my home life was. And I had it pretty good. 
That's how you used to take a kids temp years ago.  Like the 70's-80's
To see if they had a hot ass.
In really little kids it's often the only way to get an accurate temperature, since they won't hold it in their mouth.Now that they have the instant-read ear thermometers it's not as necessary, but those things can be way off (by several degrees), especially when the kid is wiggling.It's also the most accurate method overall, but usually that extra accuracy isn't meaningful in an adult who can tolerate an oral thermometer.
Yeah I went to the nurse's office and they were out of pads and only had tampons, which I wasn't ready to use at that point. Most of my friends at the time were guys so they were no help. 
Anxiety is a hell of a drug.Sit there and catastrophize something small until at actually *becomes* a catastrophe.
Once in school my brother made a loud fart sound with his shoes, everyone looked at him and he tried to do the sound again to prove it was the shoes.Failed, no one believed him
No it's cool, I find it hilarious too! It was a horrific in the moment though, I honestly was running through my head the rest of the appointment what the fuck was that? holy shit you just made a fart sound with your sweaty hands and chose to address it? 
Yeah I got medication, and it's really helped - still a long way to go but I'm a lot better than I was last summer. I don't sweat it too much (pun intended) about the incident, it's actually really funny, I just sort of cringe at the fact my immediate response was to say sorry. It's probably a natural response (I'm British), but I still find it really funny how it's the go-to.
you would be surprised by the offices in Poland. here other patients pop their heads in to see if the doctor is free and other doctors also come in and out.  not everything is as nice and private as in the US.
If the docs office isn't in a clinic, then they might just use a standard house and that's a bit harder to build more doors in, especially if the place is rented.
If your Aorta is bleeding it can cause red spots on your chest. The blood can then run down your body cavity and pool in your groin.
Gravity is a thing. If you're bleeding internally, it'll pool in the lowest place, e.g. the groin. 
Are you a doctor? 
And im your assoiciate, we need to check it together
You up?
lol wow. redditors never cease to amaze me. there's a name for everything...
>Ah yes, the double dragon.So that's what Hanzo's ult does.
My fianc was with me as well! Over two decades later, she's still here, so perhaps it's a lifelong bonding experience?!
gastro? One of the most common viruses. Americans call it stomach flu, which is a misnomer - it's not a form of influenza. But holy jesus... gastro is not fun. Puking and shitting until there's nothing left to puke or shit. 
No, thankfully. I had sat on my ball a week or so prior (I had testicular cancer when I was younger so I only have one and I'm paranoid about protecting it now) and the doc said it was phantom pain radiating from when that happened. Wasn't phantom to me since it hurt and all but shortly after the visit the pains stopped happening and I was ok.
Well it was certainly awkward so I'd say so. Yes.
You'll fart, puke, pee and poop in front of several people all staring intently at your vagina. Which, by the way, has an 80% chance of tearing!    [Edit: The scene, from Scrubs.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9sbLHbxq3i0)
That's actually really nice.
Hospitals are 40% poop. *squish squish*
Heh. I imagine it's incredibly common. Cause like, pushing a baby out HAS to push everything out too, it's not like you can choose so easily.I actually pooped while I was being born. Which doesn't seem possible. But it happened. 
I hope he does, tbh. 'Cause I think it's hysterical.
I once watched this same doctor scream at a nurse for handing them the wrong type of tongue depressor. Nothing he does surprises me anymore. 
Link? 
wait i thought being sexually active meant if you were having sex actively... 
That is what it means, bad phrasing on her part.
Ticks tend to migrate to warm/moist areas of your body like your armpits and groin/genitals.
Ticks, they climb. I was actually going around outside the day before hurricane Sandy hit to make sure everything was secure. Went to the grocery store to buy stuff when I felt a very uncomfortable pain down below...
Forest fucking of course
This reminds me of when I was teaching first grade and an especially wiggly little boy asked to use the restroom. When he returned, he announced in front of the class, I have a tick on my dick. I laughed so hard I had to leave the classroom.
Thanks for this. I burst out laughing 
my grandpa was a doctor and would always call cold sores herpes
This is where I'm supposed to make a cute me me like comment containing the word meta
META
Right [here](http://assets.ray-ban.com//is/image/RayBan/805289602057_shad_fr?$440$).
Unsolicited, uninformed advice: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Deep-fried_Mars_bar
they don't mince words... they just string them together
One of my friends calls the Depo shot her baby vaccine. 
Wait, wait! Why was there a bean on your pillow?
6 years! The feeling when it was removed must've been glorious.
what the fuck
Muuuum!  The pen's run out again!
No
God damnit, reddit
Yeah, most action I got until I was like 21
How is that person even qualified to be a doctor?!?!?
I would have called the BBB or whoever Doctors report to. Go to a Doctor cause youre worried; leave terrified? Fuck him. 
Doctors are like regular people - there are just as many socially awkward ones, that bite their tongues, embarrassed that they actually said xyz to a patient, or oblivious to how stupid they sounded just then
Well there's the problem. GPS's are generally accurate to 3-4 yards. You'd be lucky to find the right woman with that kind of guidance.
Nope. The baby came 15 minutes later with a lady doctor. 
I certainly did. My wife was furious.
He tore his foreskin
Banjo==[Frenulum](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Frenulum_of_prepuce_of_penis)  (NSFW, dick pic.)
Honey we have to talk. Today at work.....and please don't overreact... I examined a patient and he got a boner. I'm sorry and I hope we can work through this. 
Here in Germany we have 3 forms of middle/high school.  The *Hauptschule* is for 5 years, *Realschule* (to which she switched) is for 6 years and the *Gymnasium* (where she was and I currently prepare for the finals) is for 8 years.When you're done with school you can get an apprenticeship for jobs you are qualified for, so after school she started becoming a nurse, which lasts 3 years and she told me she was still learning.
I hope the speculum wasn't in
I hate the scooching, they need to find a place that's like put ass here so I don't have to thrust my vagina at a doctor's face.
I don't think weighing patients in their underwear is a good idea. At least they should use a gown. That said, I think I know why they're doing it, what with the references to scars and body image issues. I hope things work out for you in the end :)
And the whole train started clapping 
Ah, we are approaching Martinique!
This made me laugh way too hard wtf
Just as I planned
Jeez. I signed up to a gym and had a consultation with a personal trainer who also went to the same health wellness and fitness school as me so I knew the whole spiel. He asked me so are you on an exercise program? I say no.. I've been feeling really unmotivated and haven't worked out in like 5 months he starts writing while saying prefect. Perfect. Perfect.. 
As if that's close to the worst thing doctors have gotten when seeing patients haha 
The events are quite plausible. Them being related isn't, but he's not claiming they are. 
how slowly?
I have nipples Greg, can you milk me?
That's what the attending vet pointed out. They mulled her reasoning over for a solid minute but seemed to accept it.
Your poor mom...
... does your dad know?
RIP in peace, OP.
He's dedabetes.
I liek=1 prare
He's the trainer, not me.  I was the one with the weight problem, he could drink as much beer as he wanted 
Who said he hated beer?
Don't you mean super salty?
It's probably more likely that they were in a wheelchair temporarily after an injury but the practice still needed them.
Have her put on gloves. Thank me later. 
I have a heartbeat fetish. Having my pulse taken or my heart listened to is invasive and embarrassing...
Still downright impressive 
Even a 13 y/o wouldn't usually cum from a fucking testicle examination 
>Wooden necklace of testiclesWut 
Are you sure this wasn't a witch doctor?
Very glad that I never went through the 'bloody boner' stage of puberty tbh
I even got boners from talking to the girl I liked. It seems so oddly pathetic looking back on it.
Her teeth
That's a good policy! It also helps confirm that the exam is over.
Please change your name to Answersdiscussionquestions and follow him around. . .
This is way too many words to say 'an old dude grabbed my balls'
This is too real. Why the fuck did I take honors.
Holy shit, I've been hearing 'turn your head and cough' for over 30 years (not someone telling *me* to do it for 30 years straight, but you know) and I only just now realized it's so you don't cough in their face.  Every time I've had that exam I've been standing and the doctor is on a low stool or something.  Wow, TIL
Cat was helping you come to terms with something, and you thought it was just being an asshole
Nice to hear. Hard to know if people continue to suffer with similar experiences, so I am glad you worked past it
Glad you're OK now. Seeing self inflicted cuts on your kid is aweful.
90's too my friend. We had a thermometer like that at home. Sure you could also put it under your tongue but the reading would be all over the place. Only place that worked reliably was the ass. Oh and it took like 5min to measure. I felt so stupid back then....So glad I have one of those things which you just hold in your ear nowadays lol
There was a belief, whether true or not that when you used an old mercury tube type  for children they could not keep it under their tongue and not bite hard enough to break it. As a result temperature was taken rectally until electronic thermometers became readily available.  Even then, many old school types did not trust the electronics
How about using an armpit thermometer?
Honestly as an adult woman, if any girl or woman was desperate for a pad and went to a female teacher (or woman in the ladies' room, if you're out in public) and asked for a pad I'd give them one no questions asked.  I always have a few in my purse.
Ugh that's the worst. I couldn't effectively use tampons until after I had kids because I was so small up there.
That's good to hear!
Oh it's up (   )
Also important to note that there's no need to go to the doctor and put yourself through what OP went through. It's a virus, you can't take anything for it. Unless you're dehydrated or something and need an IV.
You and that dude with two dicks should team up to become some kinda superhero duo
Scrubs gave a lot of fans an unexpected education on the realities of child birth.  That day, and every rerun it caught new ignorant watchers.
NOICE
Thank you Dr Dorian.
...you do it.
My son pooped in the water before it broke. It's common if the baby is feeling stressed. Everything went fine in the end.
I had a gorgeous one also when I had to get an MRI. I was hyperventilating and gave myself an asthma attack because claustrophia from being in a child sized machine.  Guy had to take off his belt because the MRI is basically a giant magnet. So I get out, use the inhaler and wheeze to the guy, It's not often I have a guy undress form me in public, thanks.
:O wow. Someone who should never have been a doctor. If he's old hopefully he's retiring soon....
What an asshole
https://youtu.be/LWQPG7fpuoMIt was 9 seconds but still pretty funny
Yeah I asked my doctor what he meant by sexually active, and he specified have you had sex in the last year. 
If the forest doesn't want it, it shouldn't dress so sexy.
In many languages, there is no word for cold sores, it's just herpes. Some people get super offended when they hear it for the first time.
But cold sores IS one of the herpes simplex viruses 
 E T A <- you forgot this
The joke here is that we literally call it the Antibabypille
It's OK. Just break your arms and I can help. 
Because this is a fake story.
aauauauAUAUAUAUAU
Actually the 'banjo string' is the [Frenulum](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Frenulum_of_prepuce_of_penis) NSFW link. Its the strand of flesh connecting the tip of the penis to the shaft. I've never had it break but it sounds like a painful business. 
Cool! Didn't know that
The underwear reason is to not only check for new scars/cuts/whatever but to make sure you aren't hiding weights under your clothes to hide weight loss
All according to keikaku
Really slowly. Imagine a strip tease from an 80's movie with saxaphone music, permed hair, leg warmers, and back lighting. 
He's chowing hot wings in heaven now.
Okay, makes sense.
Well, I wasn't being completely serious. But my point was, why should this trainer make OP feel ashamed about drinking beer, when he was presumably there to do the same thing?
 Been there ;-) 
Me too! I *love* women with a heartbeat!
Picture anal beads but oval shaped, going from olive sized to egg sized and wore like a necklace. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Orchidometer
Not everyone is as lucky as the guy in the thread whose banjo string snapped. 
I don't know about pathetic. I mean, if you're an experienced lothario who fucks women on the daily and all of a sudden you're getting boners just from talking to girls you like then that's probably pathetic. But if you're an inexperienced youngster then it is something to be expected rather than something to pity. 
The London look
Yea, go do homework for fun. 
Same. I thought turning your head stretched some related neck-to-balls tendon
[I commented about this cat the other day.](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/5t60um/whats_the_story_behind_your_pets_name/ddkfx92/?utm_content=permalink&utm_medium=user&utm_source=reddit&utm_name=frontpage)    She was a card carrying badass
We still do for babies if they come to clinic with a fever. It's the most reliable way to measure a temp tbh. It's also a good cure for constipation in infants, lol.
I asked my mom why and she said, I didn't want you to bite on it and break it in your mouth.  Obviously you would cut your mouth but you could ingest mercury too.  That's what the books told you to do back then. 
I don't think those are as accurate, so not as preferred nowadays
Also requires the kid to cooperate, and also less accurate.
It's the code. Whether a woman is a sworn enemy, a total stranger or anyone else you give them a pad or tampon, no questions asked. 
Teacher here...male teacher...I had a student a couple months ago who, in the middle of a test, came up to me and asked to go to the bathroom.  I told her no, and said that she could go when the test was finished.  She got a panicked look in her eye, and just said umm...Mr. Nexys, it's kind of a female emergency thing happening here...Now, I didn't know whether she was telling me the truth, or just bullshiting me to get out of class. But I was not about to play the odds on that one. So I let her go.Two minutes later I see her rush past my door on her way back from the bathroom. I hear the door of the teacher's room next to me open and close quickly, followed, less than 30 seconds later, with it opening and closing quickly again. I then saw this same student nearly running past my room back to the bathroom. Well, it wasn't so much a run as it was a power walk.The teacher next to me had her prep period at that time, so it was painfully obvious to me what was going on. I felt really bad for her, and really glad I don't have to deal with that myself.
Ugh my husband and I got this a few years back; I thought I was better the next day and walked to the store for some essentials (loo roll), made it back to the house no problem but it was a really warm day and I hadn't eaten in 24 hours... promptly passed out and my husband thought I'd died and called the paramedics. Thankfully they let me stay at home as long as I promised to get my fluids back up! Ended up being off work for a week, and my guts have never been the same since.
You can also get bacterial infections that cause gastroenteritis, which CAN be treated with antibiotics, or less commonly parasites that can be treated with antihelminthics.
Cold sores are herpes. HSV 1
It's the same shit.  Shingles which everyone associates with chickenpox, is herpes zoster.  It's just the virus that causes them all.
EVERY GOD DAMN THREAD
Liars don't go to heaven 
Presumably OP is trying to get into shape and the trainer is in a position where a couple beers won't hurt him. 
My cousin is a personal trainer. The amount of shit she gets from clients on nights out is ridiculous. She can't have a drink in peace with without someone being like 'oooh, should you be having that?'. She doesn't care if her clients drink, as long as they don't take the piss and are honest about it. 
What's taking it up the bum like? 
Sicko
Oh, yeah okay
>egg sizedW0T
So does shoving something up a kids ass.
Absolutely! We can hate each other over stupid things but if you need a pad or tampon then we'll give it to you! (We'll also offer some pain killers if you're in pain.) 
I'm in perimenopause, and haven't had my period since June. I still carry female supplies.
Well yeah.
Neither shall those who covet thy neighbors' ass.
I'm 8 months pregnant and managed to lend a tampon to a friend last week! There's at least one in every bag I own.
Lend? I hope for your sake you're not intending to get it back one day. 
Pokemon Go
Hopefully soon, that cash me outside howbow dat girlNot that she should literally die of course. I found out yesterday that she has almost 4 million Instagram followers and a verified account. She is ridiculous but I almost feel bad for her because she needs help. And shame on her mother. 
Guys, I really want you to help me make Joseph Kony famous. It's not too late. This is a serious campaign, not just a ploy for a phony liberal bath salts addict to get rich off of rebellious teenagers pretending to care about Africa. Please buy an 'Action Kit' for $30. 
Ken Bone's fame
My mother in law (who is not on Facebook or technical in any way) went on a mountain trek a while back and someone there nominated her to do the Ice Bucket Challenge. She is still on at me to film her doing it and to put it in Facebook for her. She doesn't understand it's not a thing anymore.
Pogs.  Back in the 90s it was all over the place, then suddenly forgotten about.  I had so many of those slammers and long tube things to store them in.
The Harlem Shake... that was a weird one.
Fuckin clown bullshit. Everyone flipped shit for like a month about clowns and I haven't seen anything about them since.
Harambe died and got popular, does that count? 
Silly bandz
The Mannequin Challenge. 
Gotye
The we are number one memes seemed to just disappear without a trace or warning.It's ok though, we have /r/prequelmemes now.
Note 7 
Hoverboard scooters
Flash mobs, planking, the water bucket challenge, and a host of other internet-based trends.
Suicide Squad. Had hype, died once it came out. 
Daaaaaaaaaamn Daniel
No Man's Sky
Battleborn
Forced memes like Dat Boi or every time X Y.
3D TVs and 3D gaming. 
That laughing Chewbaca mom. 
Amy Winehouse
All hope of 2017 being a more normal year.
What was gangnam style anyway?
The word fetch
Hopefully the cashmeoutside girl.How bout dat.
The one pyramid scheme going on in your high school.For me it was Vemma drinks.
Flappy Bird
Iggy Azalea.
Vanilla Ice's rap career.
Google +
Loom Bands/Rainbow Loom. As soon as people believed that the rubber bands could cause cancer, it was over in seconds
William Henry Harrison?
Google Glass.
Clackers, also known as Knockers and Click Clacks, consisted of two large acrylic balls, which hung on either end of a heavy string. The two balls would swing apart and together, making the loud clacking noise that gave the toy its name. If swung too hard, the acrylic balls would shatter, sending flying shrapnel everywhere.Clackers were banned in 1985.
Bobby Shmurda's rise to fame
Harlem shake
Swing dancing in the late 90's, WTF was that about? lol thank god that died quick.
Pokmon Go. It's launch was pretty hype as I recall. Being a college student I saw other collegiate EVERYWHERE. Campus, stores, the park etc. but then Niantic came in and ruined everything with the lack of a tracking system, and eventually people realized it wasn't that fun. Granted I still know people who play it, but it's much much less than it was when it first came out. 
those hoverboard things
My will to live 
The emails from NASA in 1920.
8-track tape players mounted under the dashboard of your car.
YOLO.....
That Flappy Bird game
#WHAT ARE THOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOSE!?!?
Furbies. Those things were fucking creepy. I had one and it freaked me and my sister out so we left it alone in the back of our playroom. At night it would randomly go off even though it was sitting alone in a dark room. So we took the batteries out. Still continued to go off at night alone in a dark room with no batteries. 
Amanda Todd
Furbies Crocs My space
Travertine stone tile. We put it in every new house from like 2013-2015, out of literally nowhere, and now it's back to being something no one wants again. 
The choccy milk meme.
Hopefully that Cash Me Outside moron.
Silly bands 
Mannequin challenge.  Or almost any meme today started by a high schooler I feel.  GDAMN I'm old.
Pokemon go...
silly bandz
I hope in a few months I can answer Trump to this
Slap wrists.Windows 8.Digg.
Not the various incantations of this question, which gets posted about every twelve hours. Unfortunately. 
Smashmouth 
The Macarena dance..
Harambe
Trump residing in the White House.
Clowns and clown hunting 
harlem shake
The greens, beans, tomatoes, potatoes,...., YOU NAME IT ladies' memes.
Tomagachi
Cash Me Ousside
Lipton Sun Tea.  It was basically iced tea that you'd put in a jar outside for hours.  Tasted just like regular tea, only took all afternoon to make it.
Loom bands 
Bakugon, Beyblades (a little slower though), those little statues you flick at each other.
My hopes and dreams 
People in sweden dressing as clowns and scaring/chasing people.
Viola Beach springs to mind 
I don't hear much about Pokmon Go anymore.
desiigner
_Sigh_Paul Walker.
Silly bands
Gangnam Style.
Blues legend, Robert Johnson..?
Paul Walker
Heath Ledger
Ebola
My baby.
Harlem shake
Jill Stein in the news
Harlem Shake 
The Harlem Shake
Disco.
Hope.  Change.
Planking. It seemed to pop up overnight, then disappear without a trace soon after. Same goes for all of the other fad challenge things...
J'kwons rap career. The everybody in the club getting tipsy guy
Gangnam style
The Lambada.The Japanese girl pop band Pink Lady.The Australian footballer Jacko.
'Normalizing Trump'Nearly starting a war with China over that Taiwan tweet then attacking the cast of *Hamilton* killed those efforts.
[this](http://i.imgur.com/R390EId.jpg)
Jars of peanut butter mixed with swirls of jam.  
bubble tea, the store that opened in my city back then was super popular for some months but i think they closed down a year after they opened
[deleted]
pineapple - fucking - pen
Flappy Bird
Dat boi
The Harlem shake videos 
Kurt Cobain.
Harambe
Kony 2012
Houseparty app
Harambe.
Flappybird
The Biggie Cheese meme.
All trends in 2016
Pokemon GO. Was crazy for like a month, got a few good videos, then nothing.
Tang
The Titanic.  Twice.
That month where everyone was quoting Dj Khaled.
Alex From Target
Pokmon Go
Beanie babies 
Pokmon Go
I'm still playing, there are enough people to keep a pretty constant gym turnover. 
If they weren't going to have actual fighting or trading they should have made it a Pokemon Snap game and focused on taking pictures. At least then when you see nothing bit pidgey they might do something different
nah it lasted longer than anyone expected and took a good month to fizzle out completely. I bet you can still find some people playing it now 
Pokmon Go to the polls.
It's just...if you don't live in the heart of the city,  it's impossible. No Pokestops, no interesting Pokmon. 
It was such a great fad though. There people actually going outside and using their parks and public spaces and meeting complete strangers and enjoying their company. It was a great equalizer too, with grey haired men in business suits chasing after a rare pokemon with a construction worker. 
it got cold.
No. And it's still not fizzled out.It has followed the exact same long term retention curve as every other popular mobile title, but it started WAY higher. 
Agreed. It was all over in under a month.
Yeah. The team that made it helped kill it though removing third party tracking and then people lost a lot of interest.
Dr. Phil's reaction to I made you just like Oprah made you. Was great. *Rolls eyes* Well thank you for that, thinking to himself *this little shit*
She was on Dr Phil again yesterday. He had her on for 3 minutes, mom for 10, and the rest of the episode was basically an infomercial for Dr phil'so wife's skincare line. People are making $$$ off this dumbest kid, and dumbest kid will end up with none of it
Okay, I'm /r/outoftheloop for that 
I thought all Dr. Phil guests were actors.
I mean, this girl is only going to get worse on every level imaginable. 
it will, she's just the damn daniel of 2017
A couple days ago her and her mom got kicked off a plane for trying to fight another woman.
This will not help, as I am one of probably many who will be googling cash me outside howbow dat due to your comment. 
Kony2012. Never forget. 1 gold = 100 prayers 
Man, i remember back in like, middle school i think, all of the teachers were pushing us to support this, and there was even a big assembly encouraging us to get our parents to donate. I remember during our connections class, one of the students actually talked to some other students about how Kony had been dead for years and how it was a scam. That student was overheard by the teacher, and sent to the principle's office. The got a month long in school suspension.Seriously.
I have a kony2012 sticker on my Whiteboard at work. I get the funniest looks. It's great. 
I fell for this in middle school and was very adamant about it. *Cringe*
The most depressing thing about Kony 2012 is that after being such a high-profile disaster, gullible people still throw their money at obvious scams like it. Someone needs to do some academic study on crowdfunding because despite failure after failure, scam after scam, people still buy into it. [You're all fucking stupid](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k1FKS1SHSsc)
What's an Action Kit? I didn't understand the whole Kony thing, because I was like 12 at that time. I know who Kony is, though.
obligatory: [jackin it](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0t_56ck18g8)
I had a friend on Facebook who got so into this whole thing. He never seemed like that kind of person to care. Plus, it was on April 20, and I'm sure he had better things to do that day.I keep laughing at him getting into. And sure enough, come April 20, he appears to have forgotten the whole thing.
It went from 0 to 100 to 0 in the span of one day. And he didn't even do anything. He just asked a question in a debate. What a time to be alive.
He tried to hold onto it on reddit, going on RoastMe etc, but it was always going end one day
It really sucks the media did a hit job on him for literally no reason at all.
who's Ken Bone?
Not only is it not a thing anymore, i heard they actually cured it to some extent
Oh that's kinda sad..
Remember Alf? He's back, in pog form.
A lot of schools banned pogs from school because it was seen as gambling. Once they were out of schools there wasn't many places to play. I'm still salty to this day over my Spider-Man/Venom metal slammer being stolen. 
My best fried and I had a fight over pog slammers that almost ended our friendship. She said that the Anamaniacs slammer was hers, but I knew 100% that it was mine. She was just trying to steal it from me, but then she accused me of trying to do the same to her. We eventually got over it because we stopped caring about pogs shortly thereafter. 
I never fucking won in pogs. I'd practice at home and do just fine. Then I'd fucking choke when playing against other people. They had a whole bin of pogs at the Home Goods (or some equivalent back then) store for dirt cheap. I think I was in 4th grade when they were really popular. Those were the times. I miss activities that required tangible items. 
I loved pogs just because it gave five year old me something to do when my mom went to JoAnne's or Michael's or whatever craftstore.There was just this GIANT bin of pogs and she'd let me pick through it and buy like 5 or so of them whenever we went. I miss my Power Ranger pogs.
marbles was the next best thing but died out just as quickly:(
Pogs is actually still really common in my country amongst children. (Dominican Republic)
Pogs were cool when I was in 2nd grade. I foolishly told my dad that POGS ARE FOREVER. He used that to make fun of my for the rest of his life.
What were they for anyways? I remember my brother used to own a shitton of them a long time ago, but never saw them as anything more than just circular pieces of plastic.
It's crazy to think that Filthy Frank started that.
The producer who made that, Baauer, is still active and considered one of the best/most influential trap producers working right now.
People actually still make those videos believe it or not, go search Harlem Shake on YouTube and filter by last 24 hours or most recent whatever the option is there.
I was a part of one.  I can see why it started though.  It was fun to do.  I can see how it died quickly though.  There's only so many times you can see it and go OK that was interesting...
Wasn't the Harlem Shake originally made (not the song- the dance) made by Filthy Frank?Edit: someone already put that Filthy frank made it.
A kid I knew from high school literally just DMed one of those bullshit twitter accounts saying hey, there's clowns in this town with no evidence and the account tweeted it and everyone lost their shit. Like a day later he tweeted a screenshot of it and exposed the account.
Look behind you
There was a man in the UK dresses as a scary clown who ran at a pregnant woman and scared her so much she lost her baby. I think everyone called it a day after that.
I had idiots on my fb feed who were scared as hell talking about all these violent acts being committed by clowns and how there was secret talk of a clown purge.  All the videos were either set up, or just some folks playing a prank to get on the news.  I had a field day when November hit and there wasn't another clown sighting.  I was handing out plenty of I-told-you-so's that's week.
I assumed the people doing it just did it because it was Halloween so I figured it was going to end afterwards.
Yes. It does count.
This is the only correct answer 
Dicks out.
Oh shit, Silly Bandz were so popular when I was in 5th grade.  I remember one girl at my summer camp almost passed out from those.
I remember selling those. A band for a quarter.
what are those?
Oh shit, the hey, remember Pogs for my generation.
Oh god
The second it started getting on mainstream news you knew it was dead
The only ones I liked were when various female college gymnastics teams did it. University of Florida did a really cool one. On mobile so I can't link. 
now he's just somebody that we used to know
It's a shame that somebody that I used to know is the only song he will be remembered for.  A lot of his other songs are really good, like State of the Art.
'Somebody I used to know' was the last song of his career iirc, so i guess it was a fitting end to him.
That sounds like some band that I used to know.
On a plus side it introduced a lot of people to Kimbra and she is awesome. 
I heard that he's been working on a new album, so maybe he'll be back! The whole first album was solid, so I'm hopeful.
I thought he was planning on retiring after that album.
I mean, it paid for Stefan Carl's chemo, so it worked out.
FYI, the people who made We Are Number One memes started making Let It Grow memes (from the movie *The Lorax*), and now they're starting to make memes on Ain't Got Rhythm (from Phineas and Ferb).
I never really understood the meme...
You *really* need to step off the plane, sir.
I was at Best Buy yesterday and the shelves where those scooters are usually kept were EMPTY, except for one. The Swaggin'waggon. Other than that one, they were all sold out. I think it's still a thing
I was pretty flamed when they didn't actually hover.
I think part of that is they changed the law to where you have to be 16 to ride one. They seem like something kids would enjoy, but I think by the time you're 16, they're definitely uncool. 
The only place i'd ever seen them was in fail videos. So one day, im in the village near where i live, last place i'd expect to see one as it's not exactly beverly hills. Three kids just rolled out of Centra on hoverboards and on the inside i was just dying because they look retarded.
Scooters You mean segways
Small children still use them.The kids I babysit, like 11 and 8, just got them for Christmas. Still very much a thing. I used one the last time I was over and fell backwards and almost died. So that was cool.
There was a *water* bucket challenge?
I'm so fucking happy flash mobs are over. I was living in Midtown Manhattan at their height and I swear almost every fucking day I had to deal with them. Absolutely miserable.
In the same vein, I would say Ghostbusters(2016).The months preceding that movie coming out were rife with controversy, internet flame wars, and various internet personalities taking sides in the matter.Then the movie came out, people pretty much just agreed that it was a 6/10, at best, and no one has discussed it since. 
snakes on a plane
i was SO hyped to see all the hot girls in my grade dress up as various iterations of harley quinn.only 1 did :(.  I watched the movie recently and imo it was pretty bad... all the characters spent the whole movie trying to 'out-edge' each other, and literally every single line they said was like how about i KILL YOU in response to normal questions. It was cool like twice, but it felt really forced
It was so sad, I liked the suicide squad they had in arrow. 
Nonit's Crikey Cameron ^ 
Thank God for that, by the way.
Earlier today I was at a game shop, and there was this kid, he was probably about 12. He started talking about No Mans Sky. He said that it was the best game ever and he described it as Basically Star Wars Battlefront. This isn't really on topic, but I'm not sure when I'll be able to mention NMS on a thread again. So there you go.
Except it became popular through 3 years of teasing, but yeah it died very fast
House Greymane finally rules victorious!
Diet Overwatch?
You gotta commend the devs for still supporting it though 
The Killers album?
The Two Steps From Hell song? ^^^^^/s
Most memes are pretty forced and not funny, but dat boi was just another level of bad. Almost as bad as the people who still share harambe memes 
Dat Boi got famous for being a forced meme
3D movies at theaters need to die too.
That goggle-less 3D TV came out too late.It didn't have a *terrible* viewing angle, but you had to be pretty close to dead center to see it right and not blurry.It *might* have gained a little more traction if it came out earlier.  VR is doing it better, but is still way too expensive for people to really pick it up.
yup its officially dead. Samsung and Sony stopped making their 3D TVs
3D TVs were pointless, but 3D gaming is just getting started.
I heard that she got to go meet the actor for Chewbaca
It's interesting when you look at highly influential artists like Jimi Hendrix, Janis Joplin and the likes, and consider that they were only active for about 7-8 years. Heck even The Beatles were only together for a decade.
In all honesty, no. Her main popularity was in 2007-2008 (at least in the US) and she died in 2011 after years of drug/alcohol abuse. 
I still listen to herShe was a absolutely Brilliant singer
Guess I should have gone to rehab,But I said no, no, no.
She joined the 27 club.
Kurt Cobain
No. Her music still lives on. She was immensely talented, if not a hugely tortured soul. 
I don't know why people think that a new number written down on a piece of paper when you write the date will somehow solve the world's problems. Years are a man made concept to help measure time but don't actually influence anything. Why would 2017 somehow be magically different than 2016?It's like when people ask me if I feel any different on my birthday. Umm no. Another day passed just like yesterday. It just happens to be the day I was born on. Nothing magical happened to me to make any different than I was yesterday.
That died 2 months before the year even started because of the talking yam my country elected president.
Pretty sure it lasts longer than most of this thread. 
It was 2 billion views.
Essentially in South Korea people go into massive debt to live like the celebrities they see in American movies and TV. That's what Gangnam style is.
Ffs Gretchen 
Stop trying to make fetch happen, it's not gonna happen!,
I don't even understand what her sentence is supposed to meanShe wants to be cashed out? Or white person hood lingo for catch me outside? 
Huh, we never had such a thing. Though me and a buddy bought cheap iced tea at the store and sold it for twice the price outta our locker.
At our school, it was the cutco knives.
That died because of the inevitable lawsuit from nintendo. I can't believe some people were retarded enough to pay for used iphones for higher then retail just because they had flappy bird installed.
How dare you, she's authentically hardcore original g after growing up on the mean streets of Mullumbimby; she managed to survive the horrors of organic markets, fire twirlers, dream catcher and candle shops, basket weavers, stoners and European backpackers. She's tough yo.
His house improvement and flipping tv career is on track though.
G+ never became popular, though, so it doesn't really count.Google's invite only scheme worked well for Gmail as a staged roll-out, because you could still use it to talk to people with other email providers, but for a social network where everybody thinks that it's gonna be an alternative to Facebook, you need to get to a critical mass of users quickly enough that *none of my friends are using it* stops being a valid argument.The ghost town meme, the (selective) real name policy (especially combined with the Youtube integration), the bitterness of potential users who didn't get an early invite all served to kill a pretty great product.
You hate it? Swing dancing is awesome; it's fun, it's fast-paced, it's high energy, you get to touch, move around and lead your partner around the dance floor. As long as you know a few basic moves, you can go up to any hot girl and ask her to dance and have a great time.
It's still pretty big, in the dancing world. I was born in 93 though so idk how popular it was. How big was it then?
Wait, what's this?
Still have one in my mustang!
The sunlight of fame bleached that one pretty quick. 
John Lemon as well  (although that one was pretty trash)
Hes been in the media for decades though, not really a slow rise.
Well it was intended for Thanksgiving so it's a given that it'll be gone afterwards.
They were quite awesome at the time though.
Thats still going on.
What's the point?
Sun tea's been around for like 100 years. People would do it so they didn't have to make a fire to brew the tea when they went outside in the morning to start working in the fields. End of the day after the work was done, settle down for a drink and the tea's brewed itself.
> Nearly starting a war with China over that Taiwan tweethow young are you
wat
That's because I don't think any place should try to be so ridiculously niche. The several bubble tea places that I used to go to are still open and thriving, because they're Vietnamese food places that happen to have bubble tea on the drink menu. 
Billy Mays was popular for several years
I wish I could play but the developers spent more time breaking the game than making it better.......IE they blocked people who have had rooted devices.  
I still play too and i spotted like 7 other people playing today, tons of people still play but nobody talks about playing anymore
Yeah I have lots of friends who still play. 
Yep, there's still a core of players in every town I've been to. In fact they just started a Valentine's Day event where all pink pokemon are spawning more often and so I've been running around collecting Chansey all day. It's a super simple game and it gets incredibly dull when there's no event going on, but the events do come up about once a month. And for me it fills 1 single purpose: it gets me outside walking. There's nothing else I've tried that keeps me walking so consistently.
Upvote for username!
Make Alola Great Again!
Yup. For the first two weeks I was riding my bike around just to find anything. Eventually I found a GPS spoofer and ended up cheating because there was absolutely nothing around. 
Surprisingly enough it lasted throughout the summer where I am, then it got cold.  No one wants to brave the cold for Pokmon.
In my country, it's already over after just about a week.
Then they never bothered to test it around rural or suburban areas. :( We did get more Pokstops eventually, but it was too little too late. The people at Starbucks didn't even know they *were* a Pokstop. 
You know it's fucked up when people are relating to that asshat.
I heard the kid is actually selling merchandise
> People are making $$$ off this dumbest kid, and dumbest kid will end up with none of it>Capitalism in action.
A 13y/o girl was on Dr Phil a while ago because she's been stealing, drinking, running with the wrong crowd, etc. She was absolutely ridiculous but entertaining to watch (during filming, she stole one of the crew's car). The catchphrase comes from a moment when she told her grandma (I think?) to cash me outside, howbout dah?. She went to Turnabout ranch for a couple of months and she was back on the show yesterday. She seems a little bit more level-headed now but still needs guidance/support to grow out the attitude.
Me too.  And I'm pretty confident that I should stay that way.
/r/subredditsashashtags
100 prayers = 0.056 public fap
Dude. That's fucking insane. They are teachers and do zero research and when a kid says his opinion which holds truth, they ban him? Sick.
Kony's group is still operating. They are big in the ivory trade
No one pushed this in my town and if they didn't I never heard anyone talk about it. I just seen a few shirts that said Kony 2012 and no one would tell me what it meant. Then it died and suddenly no one talked about it so to this day, I am still out of the loop because I'm too lazy to Google it. 
I'm gonna call bullshit 
All I remember from it was Carl Weathers
I see this shit every day in some form or another in general life and on the internet, even here on reddit very frequently. I've noticed it as a growing phenomenon in people that are politically-left, at the moment, which sucks, because they're usually rational, reasonable people that I agree with in general.
My old car has one. It goes well with the Bush Cheney 04 and the Ben Carson sticker, although the Ben Carson one has kind of faded into just a white sticker.
Dude, a friend in college was into this while the truth was slowly coming out. I tried to tell her about the red flags that were popping up about Kony, but she was convinced it was slander and he was trying to help people. After everything was out in daylight she never mentioned him again. I felt kinda bad that she got hooked up in that, but you're an adult; think critically.
no please me too. I was 14 and it makes me cringe just to think about it.  
Like MLMS. Any sane person can look online and see what a horrible idea they are, and that the people at the top will make money while you will not. So then why the heck are there so many of them???
I think it was just like a T-shirt and some posters or something. 
It was some posters, stickers and other such things that they wanted you to put in public places to spread the awareness.
For those of you that are confused, this really happened. [It really fucking happened](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ATReI6Qm230).
Welcome to the Internet.
It took me a second to even think of who Ken Bone was. I guess this is a good answer 
He still responds to questions in his old AMA. 
I don't see a problem, he's doing great things and raised a lot of money for charity. I don't think it's because he personally wants to be in the spotlight. I think it's because he sees it's an opportunity to do good.
He rebuked endorsing Hillary Clinton twice (once on Ellen and once somewhere else) so he became an enemy of the honest press. From what I saw. 
Precisely
The money raised from that actually led to several major breakthroughs.  It's one of the few raising awareness things that has really worked. 
ALS is far, far from cured. There have been promising advances, but they're still in very early stages, with little known yet about how well they'll ultimately work on humans or in the wider population in the cases where human testing has already begun. As a society, we really need to do more not to over-sensationalize scientific advances. Funding from the ice bucket challenge helped identify a gene associated with ALS. But familial ALS accounts for only a tiny percentage of ALS cases, and finding a gene is far from finding a cure. Some of us have family members who will still probably die from ALS. And while we're glad progress is being made, hearing the depth of misinformation about it can be tough. 
They made progress. No cures 
I was born in 1996, and that reference was literally the only reason I had ever heard of pogs. 
They were banned from my school because the authorities were afraid of someone getting hit in the eye by a slammer. Or something. They thought that somehow you could hurt yourself on pogs.
This is exactly the reason.  Hard to play when the only place you really played has banned them.  And they weren't fun enough to do after school when there are way better toys to play with.
yup it was banned at my school as well for gambling 
I suspect that the concern was less because it was literally seen as gambling and more because of the potential for conflict. Cheating and accusations of cheating, particularly. You can't really police how it gets played and people can lose something, so it's just easier not to deal with it at all.
Gambling and distractions. Schools ban everything fun. Seriously. 
Your friend sounds wacko. 
Early sign to ditch the friend.
It was actually very simple game:  Each player adds an equal amount of pogs face-down to build a stack, then they take turns throwing a slammer (a metal pog) onto the stack.  That player wins any of the pogs which turn face-up.  Whether you played for keeps (i.e. permanently winning those pogs)  was optional.
I love how he created it, and then it turned into exactly the kind of thing he would make fun of people for.
Who? 
justice for Baauer 
I should not be as surprised as I am. Wow.
my friend works the 'night guard' shift of the local supermarket with like 2 other guys, oldest being 17, and between the three of them they only have 1 taser.anyway an actual clown showed up and kept knocking on the window and stuff, and they ignored him until the oldest kid got up and tried to fight him with the taser. The clown left quickly.
There's a wall behind me so fuck you 
Username checks out 
Were you in 5th grade 3 years ago? 
Based on my age and when they were popular....you're 20?
They are rubber band bracelets shaped like animals or objects. Usually you would buy different packs with various themes and trade them with other people. It was pretty fun while it was a thing
I have seen literally nothing about this. I don't even know what it is, and it this point it's probably not even worth looking up.
Take your upvote and get out >_<
Yeh! Even got his friends to collect his records and then changed his number.
I like State of the Art for how different it is, plus that video is rad. But Bronte is my numero uno Gotye song.
Fuckin love state of the art. Most of the Making mirrors album was really good.
Yeah I do find it quite cool that people were able to go ahead and say memes cured cancer for once. :p
Iceland has a public health care system so I'm saying my tax money actually pays for his chemo.
Cuz I ain't got rhythm... I ain't got rhythm... I ain't got rhythm... said I ain't got rhythm.
I haven't heard any of these Ain't Got Rhythm memes yet, but I'm excited for the next chapter of memes.Plus Ain't Got Rhythm is a great song, I won't mind listening to it a few dozen more times.
Actually WANO was made by Siiva, not MangoHead
Guy who played Robbie Rotten in Lazy Town was diagnosed with cancer, so to raise money for his treatment (but mostly for his recovery time, so he didn't have to worry about finding work or his finances as he recovered) loads of people made those memes and linked his gofundme or justgiving page (can't remember which one).It worked too, the page exceeded its goal if I remember correctly. Memes were literally used in an effort to cure cancer. Truly the stuff of /r/wholesomememes.
It's ok, the phone is in airplane mode
Best buy employee here, we have barely received any more of those since they sold out during the holidays. I think corporate realized the fad and stopped carrying them in store
They flamed too eventually.
Tell that to the sports players on my college campus.Dude, you are one of the most physically fit people here and you're trying to hop the small gap of uneven terrain into an elevator. USE YOUR LEGS!
I've only ever seen one person using one of them, and it was at university. Everyone was staring at the guy though, which is probably why he never brought it in again. It looked so stupid. 
Yeah the Ice bucket challenge. 
Well, ice is water, right?
That's the thing. It was not good enough to really justify its existence, (much like the vast majority of reboots), but it was certainly not bad enough to warrant the kind of overwrought condemnation it received.
Durrr plant.
Well he's not wrong.  They're both devoid of content.
That's really sweet in a weird way
Lars is a little milk-drinker.
I believe there's a sub, /r/unexpectedskyrim for things like this.
No that's paladins
That never really became popular. Super underappreciated imo
Nah, a game by Gearbox just like Overwatch that got decent hype at E3 before Overwatch erased it.
Oh shit, waddup?
It was the height of Irony
Depends on how they're done.  The Force Awakens had fantastic 3D.  The trick, oddly enough, is to NOT film it like a 3D movie.
Hear, hear. 
He's fairly active on Reddit/u/PeterMayhew
It's because they don't have enough time to become trite 
I've never looked at it that way.  It makes their impact even more impressive. 
Creedence Clearwater Revival were only together for 4 years, between 1968 to 72.
And don't forget an eating disorder.
I didn't have the timeBecause my daddy thought I was fine
For some reason I read that as she joined s-club 7
Bradley nowell 
Well you beat me to it.
Also this sentiment arises at the beginning of every year, then towards the end, people just moan about how terrible the year was because some celebrities died and start again after New Year's. So annoying...
When I was little, I used to tell my parents that I could 'run faster now' when I had a birthday. As if the 24 hours had some sort of magical property.
To be fair, a year isn't really a man made thing like minutes and such are, since a year is the length of time it takes for the earth to go around the sun, just as a day is how long it takes the earth to do a full rotation. Though I agree with the rest of your points.
[deleted]
Is that really what the song was about? I had no idea.
cash me outside means:>confront me outdoors to resolve our prerequisite issues in a battle of fisticuffs. Does the offer suit your needs? 
I actually got into Cutco one summer. I sold over $10,000 worth of product in my first 10 days and had a decent run for a month. The only price I paid was I had to sell my soul to Vector Marketing and piss off everyone I'd ever come in contact with. Made a lot of money quickly, but once you run out of contacts you're done.
> I can't believe some people were retarded enough to pay for used iphones for higher then retail just because they had flappy bird installed.LOL that happened?
My favorite thing about her is that she looks like the Wayans brothers in white face from the movie White Chicks.
Ask Hilary. 
It's nonsense. 
Sun tea is definitely a thing in some places (basically using the heat of the sun to infuse tea - why make tea and wait for it to cool before going out when I can just make it there and enjoy it fresh?) but special teabags make no sense for this. You can do that with any tea.
I will never understand.  Maybe an appeal to nature?
Even for people who can play, like myself, it is just super shallow. I blame myself for giving it too high expectations, but I was hoping for something a bit more similar to the real games, just in real time. Training your pokemon to make them better rather than just catching endless amounts of the same one. Actual battles rather than the tap-fest.But hey it is a free game so perhaps I was just an idiot for expecting more. I don't hate Niantic or anything for it.
Also broke pokemon tracking, made it harder to hit up pokestops while moving, made pokemom run away waaayyy too much for a while...
They also forgot that actual people live in rural areas. 
I've yet to find a Chansey or Porygon. I'm hoping to do so before the event is up but it didn't help that the biggest snowstorm of the season for my area happened the day after it started. 
Its a simple game that requires a lot of dedication. It the worst of both worlds
You have been getting Chanseys? Lucky you. I've been drowning in Pidgeys and Paras. :( Not a single pink Pok has spawned out here. 
It was 45+ degrees when it came out here, people were still playing. To be fair most were driving really slow in the inner roads to gain steps/catch Pokmon instead of walking outside. But I can imagine the cold must be worse to walk around in for hours trying to catch fake animals. 
Yup, it's going to die fast and they will probably get made fun of for wearing it 
She said cash me outside howbow dah to the audience right after calling them a bunch of hoes for laughing at her ridiculousness. 
Wait... Dr. Phil is still a thing? I'm really /r/outoftheloop...
wait that chick is 13? She looked at LEAST 16!
It blows my mind that she's not poor British. She's just like a redhead Kelly from Misfits.
The fact that my mother -- who is way more obsessed with social media than is healthy -- wanted to show me this confirms that I will never check it out
Do you have prayer refine V or just IV? You can boost yield with with implants.
.056 dKh = 1ppm
I remember getting sent to the office for telling the teacher they were wrong and pointing out that even the book said they were wrong. When I printed out sources from the internet saying the teacher was wrong as well the principal said it wasn't about being right it was about being respectful towards authority and classroom cohesion. Kind of obvious why I have problems with authority as an adult after that sort of nonsense. 
Get the guns.
Yeah. At this point the satire and reality have mixed and I still have no idea what it was about.
Now you can say it's a Michael Jackson sticker.
Thanks!
Wadsworth Constant = :40Also, that is actually the first time I saw the actual video of the incident, wow. 
Nice of them to bleep all those words, we might hear something that hurts our feelings while he's jacking it.
Where the fame is brief and the points don't matter.
Wow
That's dedication.
IIrc he's a semi active redditor so he probably sees that someone left a comment on his post and responds
That's not at all what happened. He made some gross sexual comments on Reddit and said that Trayvon Martin was partially at fault.
Honest press? Is that what we have to call it now? Shit.
And it only worked because it was a meme
In most of the US, the fad was over by 1995.The interesting thing was that game dated back to the late 1920s in Hawaii and there are references of it being played through the 50s. A teacher showed the game to her students in 1991 because she remembered playing it as a kid and the popularity exploded again.
What about the great yo-yo craze of '98?
Pogs were new, PTA members and school administrators were old.  Old people don't like new things, so in the great fascist tradition, they were banned.  It's a story as old as America herself.
It basically was. I suck at everything generally but I was great at pogs. I took so many kids pogs. I was like that thief with the jewel that Alfred talks about in TDK. I didn't even want them. I just took them because I could.
This seems acceptably childish given that the friend was probably a child. 
He created something that he himself thinks is cancer and regrets starting.It's beautiful.
This guy.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-h5WrWncDZw
>Justice & Baauer (collab)FTFY
Damn, 17 year olds and younger with tasers?
Three years ago? Weren't Silly Bandz popular in, like, 2010?**Edit:** From Wikipedia:>The first Silly Bandz sets were sold online in November 2008. In early 2009, Learning Express in Birmingham, Alabama became the first retail store to stock Silly Bandz. By fall they were a strong seller, and became widespread across the Southern United States...In August 2010, Silly Bandz sold their product in 8,000 stores across the U.S and many stores in Canada carry Silly Bandz too. In September 2010 Quiznos had Silly Bandz in their kids meal. Seven spots on Amazon's April 22 list of best-selling toys and games were occupied by the bracelets. One December 2010 article said that brands like Logo Bandz, Cool Bandz, Zany Bandz and Googly Bandz, sold by Wal-Mart, were easier to find than Silly Bandz. In 2010 and 2011 Silly Bandz released themed packs in collaboration with celebrities like Justin Bieber and Kim Kardashian...In spring and summer 2011 Winter's brand chocolates of Peru included Silly Bandz, marketed in South America as *Animaligas*The seemed to have reached their peak in 2009-2010.
3 years?  That doesn't seem right.  At least where I live they were popular like 5 years ago.
They were popular when I was in fifth grade, which was 6 years ago.
I'm 15.  Where I live they were popular about 5 years ago.
Think planking, it's pretty much the same concept if you're familiar. 
Basically, you have a bunch of people freeze in place doing everyday things (like mannequins) while a guy walks around everybody and records it in video.  The best ones are like still-life pictures, but in a 3D field if that makes any sense.
You didn't have to vooooote me up.
I have got as much rhythm as that **CHAIR**
Here are a few:[The Original Meme (I think)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xliygoSPn0U)https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2S0_k6dulGshttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R9Up4fWZv0Uhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x-dnSgzjuBUhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftQTb9IjCE0
Huh, back in my day memes caused cancer. Damn scientists can never make up their minds about what's good and bad for you.
Wholesome memes had nothing to do with that. It was dank memes. 
Tower modeFTFY 
I got to watch a friend try one out.  It wasn't a swagginwagon or whatever BBY has, it was a hobby grade one at a local game store.  He went forward a foot and then 10 feet backwards ass first into a display shelf and busted his ass.  Funniest thing I ever watched.  
No, ice is ice. Why would I put water in my water or water in my rum and coke?
I agree. The internet (particularly) went freaking insane over that freaking movie. It was everyone screaming and hooting and hollaring and demanding blood, and then it came out and...oh yeah, everyone remembered that it's just a fuckin movie and they can choose to see it or not see it, and since it was just an average movie at best (from what I hear, I haven't seen it), it's faded into obscurity. 
Overweight sassy black woman screaming AWW HEELLL NAAAW  in the commercial, I ain't going to see that movie, it's guaranteed shit if thats the best they can summon for the promotion out of an entire movie.
ZOOBOO!
Are we forgetting there is an actual Star Wars Battlefront that was amazing...? 
As it's surprisingly good.
Yeah I know what it is don't worry, I was just making a tongue in cheek reference to the song. 
If it dies out and we remain with the traditional 2d movies for the next decades we will have to explain our children why there are scenes in old movies that only exist so we can see a piece of dirt fly towards the camera at slow mo
Looking at you Spy Kids series.
Sometimes I listen to Abbey Road and feel physical pain knowing that the music they made was getting greater and greater and that they never went past that point, because I can only imagine what their next album would've been like.But then I try and imagine what they probably would've sounded like after say, 1977, and I think you know what, I'm goodI like to think they would've made the 80s suck less but I don't think any men could do that
Even more impressive is that most of them put out more albums in 1.5 years than most modern, signed bands do In 6-7 years
The average person's opinion of the Simpsons in the 90s was probably much better than their opinion of the Simpsons now that it's run more crappy episodes than good ones. I'd rather listen to someone scratching a blackboard than listen to Janis Joplin, but the others just never got the chance to become stale or predictable. 
*Drops dead*
Anne Frank
It's man-made insofar as it's an human decision to make note of an arbitrary phenomenon and pretend as if the measuring of the phenomenon is somehow consequential in unrelated areas of life.
See you again, sorry and uptown funk all have 2 billion views. And there's multiple other videos like a hundred or few million off. 
More specifically, it was an attack on Korea's consumerist lifestyle: people trying so hard to be trendy and fashionable when they really aren't, and how shallow and superficial all of it is.Gangnam is a district in Seoul that is considered the social elite. PSY described it as the Korean Beverly Hills. So the singer claiming to be Gangnam Style was indicative of how he was just a poser pretending to be cool.
OooohThough had you only given me a basic explanation I would have guessed that cashing someone would mean knocking them the fuck out In which case I would have been quite surprised about her wishes 
That's the main issue, you can make a lot but only so much. The knives have such a fantastic warranty/guarantee on them, that when you buy from one person you don't need anymore product.
yep. I wish it was happening now. I learned how to code for android phones last year. It is ridiculously easy to set an android phone to developer mode then install an app on it. I could've bought a ton of budget android phones, set them to developer mode, install the app(quite literally one click on my pc), put them back in the box, then finally list them on ebay.Iphones would be more expensive to do and IOS uses a different language but I know they have a convenient editor that(just like the android one) automates the task of installing then running the app for dev purposes.The hard part would be getting a hold of the app itself in order to put on the phones.
Personally I wish the game didn't punish you for living where you do. I went months before picking a team cause there are no gyms in this town of over 100k people. I was shocked when I went to Burbank and caught poks that weren't the Unholy Trinity. 
Your expectations weren't too high. [Look at the trailer for the game](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2sj2iQyBTQs). They promised so much more than what we got.It was supposed to be this nice big thing for the 20th anniversary. Hell, we even got a Pokemon Super Bowl commercial last year. It should have been more, on launch and even now, than we have.
I don't think you have set high expectations for it, it seems like when the brainstorming for the game happening Battles and Training Pokemon were probably on it, you can only hold the developer at fault for them not being in it.
> I blame myself for giving it too high expectations,I didn't have high expectations the game just sucked unless you lived in like 40 cities in the entire country. My expectation was low a game I can use to encourage me to walk around by catching pokemon as a reward which sounds simple right? Well it failed instead I got a game that encouraged me to sit on my ass at pokestops for 1-2 hours a day because they were so rare unless you lived in incredibly dense urban areas. Walking to find pokemon? Not unless you walk to wherever their were a bunch of cell phone signals previously so the local park? lol fuck no (this also fucked over rural and suburban areas just like the pokestops did.) Being able to track and find Pokemon? HAH no we removed tracking fuck you have fun randomly wandering around. Rewards for walking? Sure oh wait our distance tracker is so broke it frequently only counts half the steps and you have to have your phone on and unlocked while you are doing it. If I wanted to sit on my ass catching pokemon I could grab a DS and do that in my underwear at home. I didn't care about battling or anything which was also garbage all I wanted was a solid excuse to go for walks and it failed at even that. I won't even get into them making pokemon incredibly hard to catch at higher levels which is one of the reasons you had to spend so long sitting on your ass at pokestops. 
They made a speed limit to deter people from driving while playing.  It's supposed to be a game played while walking, not driving.
Dude 45 degrees is summer weather man 
But she will already have people's cash. . . me outside.
And then they clapped becaus she called them hoes. 
I feel like I should point out that she was trying to say Catch me outside, how about that? but due to her thick accent it came out as spelled out above. It took me quite a few times reading the catchphrase to understand what she was trying to say. I think I only finally understood what all the memes were supposed to say once I saw the video. 
Oh, right.
Oooooooh yes.
Those stay at home mom's need something to watch at 2 when Jerry Springer is over so of course it is still on!
At one point Dr Phil said 12, so either he misspoke or she hasn't turned 13 yet.
Yeah that won't hold up in court 
When people care more about their authority than doing the right thing or the truth, things have gone terribly wrong.
You're not the only one. Some people will do anything someone says as long as it doesn't hurt them.
I feel ya.  I even dropped out of school at one point because all of my education was just boredom and being told I was wasted potential.  A nice mix of slowest buffalo and teachers demanding respect makes for shitty students who could be ahead.
Did you blurt out Teach, your wrong and even the book says so? Or did you say Teach, excuse me, the book says something different?
OW!
Oh please he only referred to pregnant women as sexy whales or something like that. Don't you tell me you never said that, because I know you're lying!
Also couldn't people just give money without doing the challengeEdit: thank you to all those who explained to me the purpose of the challenge
From memory, and I can't be bothered to go look, it was originally played all over the place with with cardboard discs that closed the tops of milk bottles.
> This seems acceptably childish given that the friend was probably a childThe same thing happened to me with an adult woman. When she moved out of my house she started loading shit that was obviously mine. One of thing was a set of leather coasters. She claimed they were hers and I was just trying to get back at her by not letting her take them. Problem with that theory is that they are leather coasters with my company's name and logo built into them. I got them from work as a gift.
Fighting fire with fire
I know. I was attempting to imply that it was something that was wholesomememes-esque. As in doing something nice with memes.
Yo dawg, I heard you like water
Why would you put ice in your rum and coke? it will just melt and water down the alcohol? And why would you put coke in your rum? It just takes up space that could be used for more rum.
TBF the producers were fanning he flames.Apparently they went back after the original trailer was released to reshoot some scenes so they can take shots at gamergaters. I didn't watch it but I heard that part was the most cringy moment in the entire film
The kid is 13 years old.  Somehow I doubt he's referring to a game that came out when he was 1 year old.
Until they started requiring some shady anti-cheat.
Me am smart.
I loved the 80's :(
The video reflects this too: he can pose with the real horses but can only ride the carousel, his wind machine is blowing rubbish in his face, his party bus is full of old lady tourists and at one point he's just sitting on a toilet
I definitely respect Psy a lot more
Thank you. I never would have thought that song could make sense.
I like going on walks on the outskirts of townBasically like the routes you can walk between towns in Pokemon I saw more animals than pokemon on those walks
 That reminded me of the Google Maps Pokemon thing. Also, the 20th anniversary game was Pokemon Sun and Moon, not Pokemon Go. 
I don't know if it's confirmed or not, but I heard that Nintendo told Niantic that they couldn't make the gameplay *too* similar to standard pokemon games so it wouldn't eat into their own sales.
Fahrenheit.  Even in celcius that'd be desert temperatures. 
Obviously.
thats even...worse?
I feel wrong for looking at her tits now 
Raised my hand and said something along the lines of that doesn't sound right and the book says that is wrong on page X. 
They could have but they probably wouldn't have.
That was how it was supposed to work. You either filmed yourself getting water dumped on you, or you made a donation.
Without promoting themselves? What's the point?
The idea was, as far as I knew, do the challenge and donate $5, or don't do it and donated $100. However, if you do the challenge you get more people to do it so more donations.
You were encouraged to do both.  But the reason the challenge was a thing was to raise awareness.  They wouldn't have raised nearly as much if people who heard about it just donated a dollar.
This is completely true. The game is also referred to as 'milk caps' for this exact reason. Pog is the name of a juice brand. The lids off their juice bottles became very popular in the game so over time the name Pogs caught on for the game itself.
Oh yeah, that makes sense lol.
The 80s were great. There's nothing wrong with them. 
Damn. Gangnam style actually has like, pretty serious text.
It's all so clear now
Or Australia yesterday, in some places at least
That's not even how it was supposed to work. You were supposed to donate either way but if you poured ice on yourself and challenged others it was supposed to be a $10 donation well those who opt out were supposed to pledge a full $100.
On TIL in a few hours. 
40 celcius is 104 fahrenheit which is what Australia experienced yesterday. 45 celcius is 113 fahrenheit. There's a big difference in how the two feel if you've ever visited a desert before and experience temp over 110. 
There was actually quite a few locations with over 113F yesterday, the top 15 hottest locations in the world were all in Australia during the past 24 hours
9 days. Meth.
I stayed up for 50 hours straight. I was on Adderall and had to learn a semester's worth of Psychology and Organic Chemistry and had the tests an hour apart and then after the tests, I still couldn't fall asleep so I started watching Stranger Things and watched all of it. 
3 days from Adderall. I had to finish a Shit town of college projects that I procrastinated on. I felt terrible but got all as and bs.
35 hours straight. I was trying to see how long I could stay awake. I eventually got so tired that I fell asleep in front of my computer.
36 hours. My son was born, admitted into the NICU, and stabilized. He's fine now, but a pretty rough start.  A hospital is not a fun place to be awake in for long periods of time.
Roughly 3 days.Someone told me that you couldn't live without sleep for 3 days - you would literally die of exhaustion. Naturally, 13 year old me decided to test it. So I hopped myself up on Lucky Charms, Fruit Loops, and basically any other sugary thing I had available to me. Dad was was a pretty neglectful parent, so he never made sure I went to bed or anything along those lines. At night, I would stay very still and watch the TV, to conserve energy, and if I felt like I was falling asleep, I would get up and shovel fruit loops straight from the box into my mouth. Let me tell you, when basically the only thing you've had to eat for 2 days is cereal with more sugar than nutritional value, your body feels so run down and so exhausted. My mind was wired but my body was shaking. I'm still amazed by how week I felt by the 2nd day.On the morning of the 3rd day, what had probably been 2 days and 12+ hours, I walked towards the couch intending to curl up on it and rest my body. Instead I fell over face first and slept for over 17 hours. Dad's reaction to this was to put me on the couch and cover me with a blanket, then comment You've been sleeping for a while when I woke up having missed 3 meals.Even as a 13 year old kid, I gotta say I questioned that man's parenting skills at that moment.
124 hours straight. (5 days, 4 hours) Lots of cocaine.  Seeing the same ppl each new day knowing that they knew I was still up was kinda fun.  But there was a time where I was around the 110 hour mark where I was standing in my bathroom taking a piss and I noticed the sky outside the window was kinda light, kinda dark.  I KNEW it was 6'o clock...but had absolutely no idea if it was 6 am and the sun was rising or 6 pm and it was setting.  It ended up being a.m. so I stayed up for that day too, which is the other 14.  Really messed up part was when I did finally go to sleep.  I slept for about 2.5 hours and got up to pee and actually had trouble going back to sleep.  But when I did eventually fall out I slept for 17 hours. TL:DR, Cocaine is a helluva drug kids.
3 days.  I thought I was going to die and was extremely irritable and mad that this was happening.  I think from illness. 
I was up for 4 days once. I worked at a local donut shop and bakery and we were the only bakery in town other than Walmart. It was leading up to Thanksgiving and I went into work on Monday morning at 3:00 A.M. Got off at 11:00 P.M. and they told me to go shower and take a nap and come back at 2:00. Got home, showered, met up with the girlfriend (now wife) and cleaned up and went back to work. By Thursday we were closed, we made 217 pecan pies, 132 apple pies, 313 dozen baked cinnamon rolls (best baked cinnamon rolls I've ever had) and over 600 specialty sweet breads. I didn't count how many dozens of dinner rolls and regular loaves of bread because I didn't have to make them. But it was insane, and illegal for a lot of labor laws, but I also got paid under the table for $20 and hour... So it worked out. 
Like 32 hours to get back on a good sleep schedule 
About 60-65 hours. Usually studying or Spider-Man related.
4 days, halo party. I was 14
About two years ago in late January I went to see a stand up comedian & when I got home I couldn't sleep because the performance ended at 10 or 11pm  & I was awake until 5 or 6 in the morning. 
3 days i was chilling with my friends and we went party crashing 
I'm incapable of staying up. I just fall asleep wherever I am. In the middle of parties, it doesn't matter. I'll just curl up and fall asleep and my man will half wake me when he wants to go and usher me into an uber. 
I worked a 43 hour shift one time. My friend took a picture of me spacing out, which he said I did for 12m. No. Responsive. He thought I was dead or having a seizure. Maybe I just fell asleep with my eyes open. 
5 days; World of Warcraft
66 hours and it was solely to see how long I could make it without assistance (no caffeine or anything).I fell asleep mid conversation with my mom. I was talking then bam just fell sideways and fell asleep right there on the couch.
Stayed up for almost three days after the Cubs won the Series. Partied, drank a lot of alcohol, and then fell asleep the night after the parade. It was fucking amazing. 
3 days on post in military. thought i was going to die as well. slept for about 3 days straight afterwards.
48 hours. I was hanging out with my brother, his wife, and their newborn baby girl when she got *really* sick and ended up in the ER, then to a Children's hospital an hour away. I just couldn't leave until the doctor's gave the all clear. Our stupid local hospital ended up attempting a spinal tap *5 times* before they gave up. The Children's hospital got it on the first try. She still has scars on her lower back. She also had to have fluids injected directly into her leg bone, which was terrifying. 
Roughly 36 hours.20 hours in I was tripped by a friend and my two front teeth were knocked out. Emergency room, oral surgery, etc.It fucking sucked. Still sucks too.
Ten days. 7 day field training exercise followed by the mistake of drinking two red bulls after no caffeine for three months, followed by ten hours on an uncomfortable bus and then welcome home parties for the last day.By that last day I was ready to fight everyone around me. I slept for two days after that. I only woke up long enough to piss, get a drink of water, and climb back into bed.
Few days. Meth like some others here.Not worth it. Seriously. Probably the worst thing one could try. It's never gonna be better than the first time, and the sooner someone realizes that the sooner they can stop using this shit drug.
4 days. No idea how/why.I forget exactly when, I think I was about 18. All I know is that I tried to sleep, and simply could not.I didn't *feel* tired. No sort of grogginess or anything. I didn't drink anything caffeinated or otherwise at the time.I just couldn't sleep, and didn't need to. I'd *love* to know how I did that.
55 hours for a surgery shift. It was bad.
Twice I worked for 55+ hours straight.  Don't join the US Navy submarine fleet, folks...
36 hours. I was moving out of my apartment on Sunday morning and Saturday I spent the day with neighbors, went on a date in the evening, packed through the night, watched the sunrise with my roommate, and packed more until the van arrived. It was primarily poor planning. Didn't sleep until Sunday night when i'd unpacked at destination. 
40 hours. Worked a 10 hour graveyard shift, and had my apartment sprayed for bedbugs an hour after coming home, which required me to be out of my place for 8 hours. When I got back, couldn't sleep as I just worried about sleeping enough for my next 10 hour shift. 
4 days, for my mom's funeral at age 15
About 45 hours. Unexpected overnight layover at EWR with school group since we missed our connecting flight to Europe by 30 mins. Next flight wasn't for another 24 hours. Could not sleep in crappy airport seats. Did not get to sleep until about halfway through the flight the next day.
4 days? 5? I rarely get more than 3 hours a night. I got about 35 minutes tonight. Its now early in the morning and I've decided to just get dressed and going. I haven't had a good 8 hour sleep in years. I don't feel tired. Although I take a mid day nap. Sometimes ill be awake for 2 days at a time. I've just gotten used to it. Although I've been sleeping a bit better recently. 
Flew to Italy. Couldn't sleep on the plane and I partied that night until I passed out. So maybe like 30 hours 
After both my first and second child, I was awake for about 4 days straight. I think the adrenaline combined with adoring them and having to be super vigilant in the hospital kept me up. After my third I think I napped a few times the first few days.. she was born at home though so the vigiance wasn't necessary, and she was my first natural (unmedicated) birth so I think that affected the adrenaline response. 
3 days. Senior year, final exams. Was writing a 28 page essay for a philosophy class, and a 24 page essay for a film class. By day 3, I was hallucinating while in the shower. I was hearing creepy circus music while the room was spinning, and I saw non-existent bugs in the corners of rooms. Procrastination is a bitch.
34 hours. -I woke up at I think 7 o clock on th 31st of december. Started getting ready for the day, went shopping for booze, and ate some junkfood. -In the evening I went to a party, at the end I hopped on my bicycle, got to a different party two towns over. I believe I went from one to another party over there, ended up at a bar in some guys basement, and had breakfast with some buddies. -hopped on the train to the nieuwjaarsduik which means you and 10.000 other people run across the beach and dive into the icecold water. From there we went to the burger king where it took forever to get some food, and then we ate for what feels like two hours.-hopped on the train back to my buddies house and had to cycle back home. Hit the pillow at 17:00I thought I'd take a quick nap and get dinner with the family. My mom woke me up at 07:00 the next day asking whether I was hungry.10/10 would do again
45 hours. Work.
A couple weeks ago, my roommate stayed awake for 37 hours to fix that he stays up until 5 am, sleeps until 2, and repeats this cycle. Didn't work.
about 2 1/2 days. i worked at dennys overnight thursday night, got off work at 5/6 AM, my best friend picked me up because she was getting married that afternoon. we do the wedding and go out to eat with their families after, and then i went and worked overnight at the haunted house i work at. this was also Halloween day, so it was busy for the haunt. i was so exhausted. 
3 days. During that time I quit university, taped a load of different flavoured teas to a piece of paper and posted it through a friends door, applied to university in Canada and by the time I'd slept it off I'd been accepted and ended up moving there.
3 days. With lots of exercise throughout. I was trying to unfuckup my life after flying to the other side of the world. I was apparently escorted back to my room after I was found walking around in my underwear.
Three (almost four) days, then I took a sleeping pill or six. I have idiopathic insomnia - I haven't slept without the aid of drugs (weed or sleeping pills of some description) since I was an infant. My mum tells me I used to stand in my crib all night instead of sleeping. I wouldn't cry or anything and so she just left me to my own devices. It's hellish - my life revolves around sleep, and the getting of it. This translates to me being frantic about procuring something to help me sleep every single fucking day of my life. I wouldn't smoke dope or take anything at all if I could just ... sleep... 
Somewhere around 48 hours... reception at basic training 
Around 56 hours or so. I stayed up playing dark souls 3 for a long time with my friend in what was also my longest non stop gaming session. We played that gameFor about 32 hours straight or so. Then I started watching a coupleOf movies on Netflix. tuen I just decided to stay upAs long as I possibly could and eventuallyAccidentely fell asleep when I sat in my super comfy recliner.
40 hrs, battle stations night at boot camp.
38 hours, cramming a whole semester of 1st year biology into 2 daysNow that I'm older, I have learned my lesson of managing my time. 
Three days. I was having a mental meltdown caused by a combination of major depression and a concussion. Whenever I tried to sleep/rest, I began shaking and sobbing because, I had work to do. As I approached the fourth day, I was home, pacing around to think of what else needed done and the next thing I knew, I was waking up in my bed. 
Hmmm I'm on 32 hours at the moment, think my record previously was 30. Was trapped and manipulated emotionally (tortured) for hours about the time I should have gone to bed. Had to sort my day out after that, actually got through a lot on sheer adrenaline. Still processing, not sure when it will be time to sleep. Probably will not get past the 36 hour mark but if I'm up in more than four hours I guess I can edit this.    I am in a safe place now.
24 hours for a church lock-in so I could win a comb that my hair wouldn't break
3 1/2 days. I was spending the weekend with my best friend. It was the last time I'd see her before she moved across the country. It was winter and we spent a lot of time outside. I got pneumonia. No regrets
Compared to everyone else, I sound like a loser... but 3 days. My brothers made me play Minecraft and I LOVED it. Too much. Waaay too much.
I think it was close to 4 days. My wife took our children out of state to visit family and I stayed at home because I had class that week. Ended up taking my Adderall q6h when I was still pretty new to it. Got a lot of work done in my barn and for school. 
3 days, working on a project as hard as I could the entire time to meet a deadline.  I thought I could possibly die.  The life of a junior person on Wall Street.  I am no longer in that poisonous industry thankfully.
4 days, but for the following 3 weeks I would only get an hour of sleep here, 30 minutes there. When I was lucky I would crash for 4 hours. My dad died when I was 18 and we had an incredible relationship. What added to this was less than a week later, my friend who I consider my brother and his parents my second family, lost his dad unexpectedly. Neither of us could sleep soundly for a few months after but that first month is just a blur. 
One time in summer I stayed up around 60 hours because I watching dexter. I don't really understand why I let my self do that but every episode I just wanted to watch more 
I don't remember the amount of time, but I was trying to reset my sleep schedule, which you do by staying up all night and then going to sleep at the time you want to start going to sleep at. It didn't work because I have multiple sleep disorders (that I wasn't diagnosed with until 3 years later) and get really low quality sleep, so I couldn't stick to the sleep schedule they were trying to put me on because I couldn't get through the day without taking a nap.I spent the time I needed to stay awake playing The Sims, and then I went to a basketball game and hallucinated plumbobs over the players' heads.
A friend spent the night in October and we didn't sleep at all and just played Xbox and watched TV and talked. But the next day after he left, I was so tired and almost fell down so I skipped lunch and took a long nap.
From the morning of New Year's Eve til January second at like 3am..... was on so much drugs lmao. I don't remember all of it. It me and my girlfriend then (wife now) and a few of our friends. We just spent that time fucking  around lol.Then I slept from 3am til like 7am the next day and wok up super hungry.
 25 hours when my friend Gabi dragged me to a one direction concert when they came to Antwerp. We had to wait in line because Gabi is such a die hard directioner.
About 40 hours watching Nicolas Cage movies
4 days. I needed to prove to my friend that I could.
About 38 hours because I wanted to see if I could pull a full 24 hours of being awake. Would not recommend. 
~65 hours. I received Final Fantasy X as a Christmas gift... and had no memory card. So I did what any reasonable kid would do: play through the entire game in one sitting. 
About 30 hours when my gf went into labour with our daughter. Fun weekend. I missed out on the *Star Wars Galaxies* beta due to that, and it had ended by the time we got home. I had to pay to get Sony to send me the CD, too. I've still got it somewhere... 
once I went 31 total hours no sleep when Justin Bieber came to Antwerp in 2013. I went with my sister Irene who was sixteen at the time and I was eleven. I went to both Antwerp shows on the believe tour. As soon as one concert was done Irene and I got changed into different clothes and then made our way back to the Antwerp sportpaleis and waited again for the next concert. I waited in line after school without tickets to the Antwerp show on the purpose tour, unfortunately nothing happened, but I'm going the purpose tour in Auckland with my mom. I did go to the my world tour with my cousin Phaedra. 
3 days. Bath salts. It was the first and last time I ever tried it, but fuck it all if I didn't go on a bender. Seriously kids MDPV is NOT worth it. 
I stayed up for 3 days just the other weekend for a pre gem & jam party. Friday, we partied all night at a hotel room and couldn't sleep from molly & coke. Next day we went to breakfast, then right back at it at RL Grime & then Shady park for NastyNasty, ONHELL, & Sigrah. Then after party. Stayed up till about 5 pm on Sunday.Drugs are great and acid is perfect for the molly come down & keeping you up. One of the best weekends of my life.
38 hours. It was the last time I ever pulled any sort of all-nighter. I had a gallon of water, a gallon of orange juice, and a pound of shelled peanuts that kept me fueled and I lost myself in design work. I got up to pee twice the whole time. That was it. When my every project was done, all due that Tuesday, I grabbed my sleeping bag, and dragged myself into the room connecting the design labs that had a shitty sofa on it. It was Monday morning, and I curled up just in time to sleep through a bunch of first year classes. I hope I served as an adequate warning to them. 
Four days. Insomnia and exams.I remember... flashes of this period. My days were a blur of studying and testing, while my nights were these clear, bright moments of staring up at the ceiling and *hating my life*. I remember, around halfway through the third day, getting these moments where I would just dissociate from all reality and begin experiencing waking dreams. In these moments, I saw the world as it was, but either with a holographic overlay of fantastic dream-bullshit, or laden with insane dream logic.Got good marks, though, and I slept for 15 hours after.
I was told just over two days, but I honestly don't remember most of it. A mix of adderall, energy drinks, coffee, and so on while I finished a big engineering project for one of my classes. I vaguly remember working on it all day Friday, and then waking up one Tuesday feeling like I died, but nothing in between.I got a A on the project though, so at least whatever I did worked.
48 hours cuz drugs 
40 hours, fucking planes man.We were coming back from Sri Lanka to Portland Oregon via Europe, left our hotel in Sri Lanka at about 4, got to the airport, and flew through the day to Abu Dabi we got bumped off our flight and left in Abu Dabi for 4 hours, before we coaxed them to give us a flight to Toronto, and then to Chicago to catch put flight to Portland, so we got on the 14 hour plane ride to Toronto, but we got shitty middle row seats next to some sick Saudis who were coughing all the time and stealing my leg room, and since I'm 6 5 I couldn't sleep at all (you haven't suffered until you've tried to fit 3 feet of leg in a coach seat, while half you legroom is being taken). Once we got to Toronto we rushed through customs and made our flight to Chicago, but by the time we got there we our flight home had left, so we were stuck in Chicago for about 4 hours (we were running about through security and different help desks for the time, couldn't really sleep) but we finally found a flight to Seattle, where we also got shitty seats and I couldn't sleep because of a fucking idiot kid kicking my chair, so by now it was like 1 pm Sri Lanka time, and by the time we landed it was about 4 pm (the next day). Now we had to get another plane back home to Portland, but the flight was so brief I only slept for 15 minutes, and then we got to Portland, got our bags, and went home, and we got home at like 7 the next day Sri Lanka time, and were in bed by 7:30. All in all it took 38.5 hours to get home, all with maybe 30 minutes of sleep
About 2 days, was on a night out and was getting to around 4am when a conversation with a stranger led to me ingesting a bag of free white powder, lets just say instead of sleeping on my mates floor i stayed up all night talking to myself and then stayed up a whole day after that enjoying the worst hangover of my life.
39 hours.In highschool, i tried to complete the 40 hour famine by giving up sleep for 40 hours. At hour 39 i accidentally sat infront of a heater. I was out like narcolepsy
My uncle died, so I drove myself, my mother, my ex, and two of my sisters from Miami FL to Chicago IL, stayed for two days, then drove all the way back. Total time without sleep was 96 hours hopped up in Red Bull and grief. By hour 75 I was hallucinating. I slept for 16-18 hours upon arriving home. 
3 days. Finals.
47 hours now. I want to be here for my cat when he goes.
72 hours, work. Programmer trying to meet a deadline for a super dick client.
50 hours. Amphetamines
2 days. Spent most of it doing a 7 page final for my writing class.
3 Days. World of Warcraft. Jet lag. 
7 days but I probably got microsleeps. Still undetermined but I had high blood pressure and tachycaria that started then, also low potassium. Trying to sleep led to breathing difficulty and jolting awake. Meds plus sleeping elevated on a wedge did the trick. Worst experience ever as after a few days I couldn't even distract myself I just paced and stared into space. Doctors could only tell me I wouldn't die from not sleeping which isn't so comforting when you just want to sleep and don't know when you will be able to again.
~2 days. I was cramming before finals, sip I stayed up overnight. ended up staying awake almost overnight the next day aswell(for fun, to test my limits). ended up falling asleep around 6:00 in the morning
I don't have an exact figure but I used to have some pretty bad insomnia. Like Fight Club style. I would occasionally sleep but it'd be for an hour then I'd wake back up. I did this for about a month before I had to try meds.    Fortunately, I don't stay awake like that any more. It just takes me hours to fall asleep.
5 and a half days. I have insomnia regularly go 48 hours no sleep, I have this thing when I get sleepy I have a window if I don't go to sleep in that window I will not get another one for at least 4 hours. Anyway, that week I was still in hs mom was gone for the week, shit just kept coming up. At day 3 and was having minor hallucinations, mostly aural, visually at that point it was just bugs. Day 4 I was hitting micro naps, just complete spans of time no longer than about 15 seconds lost. Day 5 the major hallucinations started, bugs in the peripheral all the time, but larger ones as well, micro naps were getting more frequent I was jittery as fuck as well. Eventually I was starring at shapes in the popcorn ceiling a dragon pops out and I pass out in fear. Didn't really move much for 2 days, ever since then when I get really tired I see bugs in my peripheral. 
I got injured while on a very long solo backpacking trip.  I had to hike hike out to civilization on an ankle with a torn tendon.  I couldn't handle the weight of my pack so I left my gear in country (gps marked so I could go back for it) and started to hike out very slowly.  Unfortunately it started to snow very heavily which if I was able to carry my pack wouldn't have been a problem because  I had plenty of cold weather gear with me.  So it was cold enough that I couldn't stop because I didn't want to lose my body heat.  I hiked for two and a half days without sleeping to get to the nearest road and someone picked me up.  I asked them to take me to a hospital and fell asleep immediately upon sitting down in the truck.  Luckily the hunter that picked me up was a good guy and trustworthy.  He could have taken me anywhere because I was delirious and passed out.  It turned out I spiral torn the peroneal tendon off the bone.  
4 days. Just to test my willpower( no caffeine or anything). Last thing I remember was constant micronaps, then I woke up. Slept for 13 hours. Felt good. Wouldn't want to try it again. Now as a student-athlete, it would be a terrible decision.
I worked at state acute care facility, and had to work three twelves with only 8 hours between each. My home was an hour and a half away, and I knew there was no way I would wake up in time to come back to work if I went home. I decided to stay and sleep in the employee break room. Ended up working straight through one of my 8 hour breaks because we had a couple codes and I happened to be most senior person on shift, and on my other 8 hour break people kept waking me up to ask if I was still on the clock. It's important to note that working in this type of environment is kind of like the military, you're basically rushing, rushing rushing, and then waiting. During the waiting times I would read Stephen King's Insomnia. At the end of my third shift, staying up to see if the the fiction might be real sounded like an awesome idea, so I ended up staying up another 24 hours.I definitely saw lots of trans dimensional bugs and aura clouds and in the back of my head I still kind of wonder if it was real. So not exactly a straight 6 days, but pretty close!
42 hours. Couldn't sleep and eventually I had classes to get to.
Roughly 4 days. I was addicted to World of Warcraft in high school, rarely slept more than about an hour or so a night.Woke up for school on Friday, went to school, got home, played WoW literally all weekend, barely stopped to pee, get food/drinks. Went to school Monday and I could tell I wasn't all there. Mainly because friends and teachers kept asking me if I was okay. I remember walking into third period, then before I knew what was going on, my fourth period teacher was asking me if I was alright. Looked around, everyone was gone. Apparently I had sat down and just stared at the board the whole class, didn't even move when the bell rang. She talked to me for a few minutes, trying to find out what was wrong. Told her I'd played WoW all weekend and she told me to go home, get some rest, and not to worry about my homework for a few days.So I went home, did some last minute raids before the weekly reset. Well, apparently. I remember joining a group for one, then I woke up to my mom telling me I would be late for school, still at my desk. Talked to some guildies later that day, apparently I seemed off and I didnt perform as well as usual, but did three raids well enough, then just suddenly went silent and eventually got autologged.I think my brain just eventually shut down. Kept my body going through the motions for a while, but just decided FUCK YOU and shut off. I made sure to sleep at least a few hours every other night or so after that.I also stopped playing WoW and refuse to pick it back up again, though I desperately want to. I'm scared I'll get hooked like I did again, so I just don't give myself the chance.
About 38 hours.I went to a concert in Paris (PJ Harvey, was great !), but i decided I wasn't going to pay for a hotel and i'd rather sleep outside. Problem is, it was cold that night. So I just waited for my train and went back home.I'm a heavy sleeper so 38 hours is a huge deal to me.
12 days. Was 11 and was on Adderall and caffeine. It was during summer break and I was bored / suffering from depression so I didn't give a shit. Eventually I just took the sleep meds the doc gave me since staying so long wasn't fun anymore.
Just over five days. I had some trouble after the military and couldn't sleep. Usually it was just a couple days at a go but this time it was bad. OTC and first-line prescription meds did not work, so the doctors finally admitted me overnight and gave me something that knocked me out for almost twelve hours.
A week. Bipolar manic. Though I probably got very brief sleeps I wasn't aware of.
I've stayed awake for a week without any sleep. Non24, also kidney infection at that time so a painful fever, could not sleep because of pain.
I think it was just around 48 hours. I was a junior in high school and got really sick, but it was an odd kind of bug because it didn't wipe me out like every other did. Instead I was up with a fever, throwing up, and I was home alone at the time with no medication. It was a terrible experience, missed school the whole week. Still can't tell you what that weird cold was.
Three days. I was in labour with a giant 4kg posterior (spine to spine) baby. HELL ON EARTH do NOT recommend 
84hours, during a 4month stint of sleeping 2 hours or less a night (often none, several periods of 24-48huors of zero sleep)I had just started taking hormone replacement therapy and my body went haywire. At the 4month mark I got put on sleeping pills that worked (third attempt) and antipsychotics. A year later I went off both and got a diagnosis of hormonal insomnia. I'm off the hrt now and sleep like I did before I started it, basically, ups and downs, some nights are better than others. I have the medication and could restart hrt, but I fear another long stint of no sleep, so I refuse to at this point.
78 hours. Nursing school. 
3-ish daysADHD
72 hours. Super depressed. Doesn't happen as much now.
40 hours. CKII. 'Nuff said.
3 days. Friday all day at school and at night I was camping boss spawns in an online game. Saturday was spent grinding monsters in said game. Saturday night was spent preparing for a castle siege. Sunday was spent celebrating the siege win, by hunting down the enemy players and killing them repeatedly until I passed out.Fuck you Legion of doom [LOD], Warheads. 
Dude. Fucking hell. I had an affair with the shit a couple years back but by day 3 I'm actively hallucinating and hearing shit. The most I ever made it was 5... body, especially back, eyes, and feet were in extreme pain, my heartbeat was palpitating more often than not, and my thinking/response time, even on a heavy stimulant, was so fucked up I couldnt carry on basic conversation or perform basic tasks without forgetting where I was and what I was doing... even in a drug haze I realized then I needed to sleep for a few hours (ended up being like two days) so how the fuck did you almost double my record without dying?
Standard bender. 
Damn. 
Amphetamines had me going 3 days, on the 4th a drug induced psychosis took over. 
Also 9 days. Meth.
Yeah but how tf did you manage to remember anything for the test? Especially that much content? (Adderall makes me FEEL like I know everything even if I end up forgetting it at the exam. )
Was it a good town? Are yoy mayor?
How much did you take??!!?
36 hours. Ten year old had a bad reaction to anesthesia after a spinal fusion. She was admitted to the PICU until she stabilized. She's fine now. Hospitals are a fucking awful place to be awake for long periods. 
Well the fact he knew how many meals you had missed says something. & covered you up :) 
3 more hours and you get to cut off you arm 
Had to do this last week
We have a rebel over here.
First thing I read was>about 2 yearsI questioned lifeI need to go to bed
Have you been tested for a sleep disorder?
What job do you do 43 hour shifts? 
Can confirm that losing adult teeth sucks.
Rah
I feel like meth and Army are the two main long-haul sleep deprivation reasons here.
Yeah but how good is that first time? Asking for a friend 
Shit. Sorry that happened.
I do think that's a great feeling though right? Sooo tired, just wanting to be on that plane. Then when you get out it, boom just crash out sleeping. Especially long haul. 
Hope you are not a bus driver.
No. you stay up all night and the following day and hopefully by the evening you're knackered enough to fall asleep, sleep all night and wake up at a reasonable hour the next morning. Problem solved. 
You basically stay awake until going to bed at 10pm sounds like a reasonable proposition.  Whether that takes 24 hours or 48 hours once you can fall asleep at 10pm it's fixed 
What about nursing school? One of my best friends just entered nursing school and suddenly he acts like he has absolutely no time to even leave me a simple message every couple days, wondering what's up :/
I didn't hallucinate until the last day, but then I had a complete mental breakdown and after years of being completely sober, I still have mental problems from it. I was shooting up Opanas, morphine and meth throughout, maybe the opiates help me not go insane sooner. Even without drugs I always had more trouble sleeping then staying awake, I could and had gone 2 days without substance, and I didn't feel much affect from it.
I think alcohol is more Bender's thing. 
You have to make sure that you are on Adderall during the test. I never did Adderall before that day but I got a 95% on Psych and an 83% on Orgo
With Adderall I guess I was mayor of get Shit done town
Gesundheit?
This was years ago so I don't remember how much in total but it was a combination of instant release and time release. It was a lot tho. During the last test I remember thinking I did so well on the test and standing up and then just got really light headed and sat back down until I felt ok again. I also worked at a party later that night for a promotion gig. I saw pictures of myself where I looked very normal. No one knew I was borderline out of my mind. 10/10 for school. 2/10 for mental reasons.  I felt off for days
The absolute worst part is when you realize you've memorized the route to the cafeteria. Glad your girl's okay.
It's hard but if you make it through it works right? I went from falling asleep at 4am to 11pm 
I am not a rebel.
Video engineer. I switch screens for large events. The event in question was The International 4. 
Don't do anything that feels better than sex. 
Military.
I agree that opiates dull down the hyperactive meth thinking that leads to insanity. And while I understand everyone is different, it just still seems we as humans have limitations that should keep us from being awake that long, pumped up on drugs (presumably not eating or drinking properly/at all) without keeling over. Not calling BS on you, more just amazed. By day 5 for me I felt like even a little second hand meth smoke would shut my heart down. I am truly sorry to hear about the price you paid for your bad choices. I'm paying mine still as well. One of the scariest things ive ever felt was the thought that maybe I'll never come back down. In a lot of ways I still havent, but its getting better. Maybe not every day or every week, but I'm still getting better. I hope that some day youll feel the same. Stay sober, brother. Youve come this far, and I wish you the best on the rest of your way down the road. 
fuckin killing it man
Glad your kid is ok too:)
Ye. I stayed up all night and all day and around 8/9pm next evening, I fell asleep and then woke up 9ish next morning. Done. 
It didn't work for me because I had multiple undiagnosed sleep disorders, so I managed to stay awake for that period, but the following days continued to be too tired to stay awake during the day.
You speak when spoken to rebel scum!
Aderall works wonders
Even after getting a solid 10 hrs of sleep? 
So much rebel. All I can think of is Billy Idol - Rebel
Shut the fuck up I didn't ask for your opinion & I am not a scum the only scum here is you and the other guy asshole.
chill bro
Why should I, that moron was insulting me & I did nothing to him.
you're new here aren't you?
Easy, friend. That was friendly banter for reddit. 
It's just a jok
[removed]
I am not mentally retarded idiot how dare you say that and stay out of this. 
Walk up. Don't make eye contact. Mutter incoherently.When she asks what, freeze. Piss your pants. Blurt out I love you.Turn and run as fast as you can.Fall on your face. Get up and keep running.
Rationalise it.1. Risk vs reward. What's the risk to you? Virtually nothing. The reward can range from nothing, to the scientifically most awesome feeling you're able to feel. It just doesn't make sense not to2. Realise she is just as awkward as you are. The only difference is that nothing is expected of her. Once you start the interaction, you're on equal footing. Always remember that. If you ever feel like you're on a lower footing, ignore it. Because you're equal, but once you think you're inferior, you instantly become inferior. The opposite is also true. They say dress for the job you want, not the job you have. Well, act like the social standing you want, not the social standing you have or think you have.
Lol, what a nub. Just get close and press A.
One time at a party I walked up to this cute girl and literally asked, 'Hey, what's the best way to introduce yourself to somebody you've never met before?' and she laughed and told me, 'I guess you give them your name and shake their hand and say it's nice to meet you?' So I did that exactly and we just had a natural conversation from that point. It's a lot easier to have a conversation once you've both laughed. Something about it makes it feel more natural.
Hello.
First step, get up from your computer. I know this will be extremely difficult but is necessary in beginning a real live interaction....  
Start by getting her in a headlock so she can't run away then ask her to list all the My Little Ponies in her order of preference to see if we're compatible.
We're human beings, not tentacle beasts. Try hi. 
Nearly all the time any kind of greeting will work. Alternatively start right into the conversation by commenting/asking something. Last day I sat on a train with a girl next to me and started a conversation about the suitcase she had with her. Asked her where she came from. And that started a pleasant discussion about her holidays and a lot more. Don't be afraid that a normal question could come of creepy. Just smile and be curious. If she isn't into the idea of having a conversation she has not so subtle signs at hand to make that clean. The girl from my experience had a book she could continue reading and headphones she could plug in her ears. But the fact that she didn't use these, worked herself on the conversation and seemed pleased are a good indicator to go on. I'm 90% sure I could have asked for her number at the end. But I didn't because I'm a coward and didn't time it well with the stop I had to exit x/
hey bb wnt sun fuk?30% of the time, it works every time.
Take off my fedora in front of her, bow a little, and proceed with a classic pick up line like: hello m'lady. 
Excuse me Missus, do you have a moment to talk about our lord and saviour, Jesus Christ?
If you stare blankly long enough, she will get the hint and start the conversation for you. 
I'd ask my wife, if only I knew how to talk to her.. 
Compliment her outfit and follow it up with I almost wore the same thing today! I swear to god this leads to more conversations than you would think.
You're asking that question on Reddit.You're not going to get too many answers mate.
Comment on her tits, works 100% of the time
Wow, should have had a serious tag man. For real advice though, talk to her like you'd talk to a guy. Women aren't mysterious entities that require planning and finesse to talk to. We're all humans, and if you treat women like some sort of different species they'll probably get the weirdo vibe from you.Source: been around so many women I produce 50% estrogen
Read this as Reddit, how do you start stalking a girl, disapointed
hi works like 90% of the time, I can't really get you past that though
Usually with my mouth but whatever works for you 
when I want to start a chat on text or messenger with someone I clicked with (platonic or not) I like to add a new thought or finding on a conversation topic we had. Maybe you briefly wondered how old turtles could get, so you tell them. It's a little more to go on than just hi
You open your mouth, but the words won't come outYou're choking, how, the girl's joking nowChad runs over, time's up, over blaow!
first, you have to have a topic to talk about: keep in mind that hardly any topic is a bad topic. just ask her a question about herself and continue from there. fake some confidence and keep the conversation going but if you notice  the conversation is nearing its end don't try to stretch it too much.when you see her again, bring something up she said during your earlier conversation. it shows her you've actually listened and girls appreciate that.Keep talking to her, but after the first few conversations you've got to show her your intentions, whether by just giving her compliments, proposing to hang out or directly asking her out. don't wait too long.
Go up to one and press A
I usually ask for a Cafe Latte to go, fumble with money then walk off and avoid eye contact, this is reddit after all
I find the most erotic part of a woman is the boobies.
\\\_()\_/ 
By sending them a message on an online dating site 
Approach calmly, and then yell LOVE ME
Damn gurl yo fiiine, how bout treating a brotha to a lil sumthin sunthin?Or just say Hello...idk
Good question, not too sure but I'm pretty sure it involves window blinds, a tub of mayonnaise, porcupine quills, the ability to speak coherent and full sentences and a pet goat. Hope this helps. 
Using the mouth and vocal cords, articulate sounds in her direction. These need to be intelligent sounds that could be understood by the general population, such as hello.  
I walk up to her and say: I find you attractive. Your aggressive moves toward me indicate that you feel the same way. But still, ritual requires that we continue with a number of platonic activities before we have sex. I am proceeding with these activities, but in point of actual fact, all I really want to do is have intercourse with you as soon as possible.
I never start.
If I had known how, I wouldn't be on reddit now. 
Hey how you doin' lil' mama let me whisper in ya earTell you somethin' that you might like to hearGot a sexy ass body and ya ass look softMind if I touch it to see if it's soft?
Be gentlemanly and modest. Nobody likes a cocky bastard.
Just start with poetry. Chicks dig poetry.Roses are redMy name is DaveThis poem doesn't make senseMicrowave.
1) Just don't treat her like something special just because she has a vagina. Act like you would when making new friends:Get her engaged in conversation, listen to her, make her laugh, talk about the place you are at the Moment or something like that.2) Pick up smoking and ask her for a lighter. 3) Do something that will make you cringe for the rest of your life, I like to call it the reddit way
I just ask them what the think of that cute guy and then find out they are a lesbian so we then play the weird gay best friends game.
Ask her what her favourite medieval siege engine is. If it's not a device that can move a 90kg stone over 300m then move on
Most of my previous partners started with something like Hi.
Open your mouth, make sounds, use mouth to form sounds into words
Excuse me, hope you don't mind me asking, but what's the name of the perfume that you're wearing?.Girls like talking as much as we do. Just be straightforward and honest without being creepy. 
It really depends on the setting. But, just a woman at a grocery store or something like that, I'd go in casually. I see her in passing in one aisle, and then see her again in another, I may go with, We've got to stop meeting like this, smile. If she smiles back, then say, Hey, I'm Madlutian, I don't think I've seen you around before. Did you just move to the neighborhood? .... and now, we're in a conversation. Watch body language, see if there's touching of hair, eye contact, etc. If she seems uncomfortable, disengage, but be polite.... she may just be guarded. Try, I'm sorry, I don't want to get in the way of your shopping, it was really nice meeting you. If she was just guarded, she may drop it, and reengage. If she was actually trying to get out, you won't leave a bad taste in her mouth, and you won't have to deal with a direct rejection... or make her reject you. Neither side of that equation is fun.
If it's a human girl, just talk to her like you would talk to any other person. Don't try to impress, don't try to be something you're not. 
I was always that guy that would over analyze everything I was going to do or say. Then someone told me about a rule where, if you make eye contact with someone or you notice someone, you have to go talk to them within 5 seconds. So when I started my new job, every time I went into the kitchen area to grab a coffee, and there was someone in there, I made it my duty to start a small conversation with them; man or woman. 
I guess saying, hello works. if not, try saying,yo girl, is your father a terrorist? Because he knows how to make a bomb.She'll definitely say something or laugh.
Like how you would talk to a guy? We ain't that special 
Don't use shitty pickup lines or empty compliments that literally every moron makes. 
Hello is usual.
Open my mouth usually but I have been fooled before 
online chat
Awkwardly.
Is it true girls fart? 
Drink
Like you'd talk to anyone. We're human beings, and not all that different from you.
By talking?
Generally Hi, nice to meet you! By the way, I like your [item of clothing]. Then  again, I'm a girl. And I'm romatically and sexually interested in guys. So...(to answer your question re: members of the opposite sex you find attractive, though, just talk to them like people. They're people.)
Loosen the muscles around your throat, then the ones around your mouth. Let a word fall out. Works usually.
Like a human being?
Remove your desire.Go watch the movie The Tao Of Steve for more.  Sounds crazy doesn't it?  Trust me, it'll work.
Be honest about who you are. Realise that women - all women - are just human beings and treat them with the respect we all deserve to show each other. Be thankful for anything they say or do and be generous both in conversation and with your wallet. If things don't feel quite right - don't push it. As soon as a woman has made up her mind about you, your chances are so slim you need to move right on and leave her behind. Ask her questions about herself, express a genuine interest in her interests and ask them to explain things you may not understand.Just be a good dude, I mean damn. The best way to test whether or not you'll do well with someone long term is to make friends first. I don't know what this friend zone thing is, I've always converted friendships into relationships.
With your mouth.
Username checks out. ^^^ImNotBetterOffTbh
usually with 'hello' or 'good morning' or something like that. come to think of it, i start talking to girls the same way i start talking to people regardless of there genitalia.
ITT people who are overthinking itDon't look to start a conversationjust let things be organicIf you find that you have to start a conversation then it was never meant to be to begin with
Someone once told me to just grab 'em by the pussy. I believe you have to be famous though.
start talking simply and  Stop acting like they're so intimidating.
Ive gotta use some Tic Tacs, just in case I start kissing her.You know Im automatically attracted to beautiful  I just start kissing them. Its like a magnet. Just kiss. I dont even wait.And when youre a star they let you do it. You can do anythingGrab them by the pussy. You can do anything.
A compliment is always a solid option too. 
People generally talk easily once they've established something in common, but getting to that can take obvious questions/comments to start the conversation. Everyone knows that they are obvious remarks but generally just goes with the flow if they want to talk with you. If you mean at a bar or a supermarket queue or something like that, then you can make a passing comment about the surroundings to start conversation. I'd suggest practising with anyone first then talking to someone you like (assuming that's what you're meaning). I remember hearing about research (sorry no source) showing that people recall enjoying a conversation more when they've talked about themselves. If you do get into conversation, remembering the things they say about themselves really helps show you're interested and considerate the next time you meet. If someone wants to talk with you, they will talk back, so just go for it, even with hi (as others have suggested). Nothing ventured, nothing gained :-)
R/Seinfeld is all you need to know. [favorite pickuplines](https://www.reddit.com/r/seinfeld/comments/1vrau9/my_favorite_pickup_line/?st=IZ1779CB&sh=340f5c23) 
Don't think about it. Don't pressure yourself and build up an unrealistic fantasy. You don't need the perfect line to say just say something. Say anything. Just don't say anything overly sexual; that's just creepy and not the first impression you want to make.Good rule of thumb; make eye contact and smile maybe she smiles back. Make eye contact a second time and she smiles that's your signal. Don't hesitate. Force yourself if you have to but in the next three seconds approach her and say something. Any thing even something as simple as hello. Practice, practice, practice. Talk to every possible female you see on a daily basis. The lady at the check-out counter at the grocery store, your mom's friends, sisters friends and little old ladies. And of course the cute sales girls at the clothing store and the attractive waitress who takes your order. Soon your going to find yourself comfortable and no longer intimidated by attractive women so when you do catch the eye of your dream girl you'll come off as confident when you first introduce yourself to her.
Girl here, Honestly, the best way to start talking to a girl is to be genuine. If you're at a video game store and you see her looking at a game you enjoy, go up to her and ask if she's played it before. A conversation can go from something as small as an observation, you'd be surprised how nice it feels to have someone genuinely notice you. The best advice I can give is to just be yourself, girls don't like guys who go out of their way to show off and boost his ego. I know there's the saying that 'nice guys finish last' but that's bs if you ask me. No girl wants to be treated like dirt, it's not gonna make her like a guy. Discuss hobbies, favourite things or maybe your occupation, don't get your hopes up but don't act aloof and like you don't care, the mysterious careless guy stereotype isn't attractive! Besides, I'm sure she would be as nervous as you. Relax and be yourself OP, you'll be fine. 
Don't go in with the intentions of getting a date or sex out of it, go in with the intentions of getting to know her. Let everything flow naturally, if there's mutual interest, it will be obvious. 
Hi. I'm ______. What's your name?
Just talk about whatever you want.  Just walk up to her and just let the words fall out of your mouth.  You know those conversations you have with yourself in the car?  That's what you want to do, you want to have *no* filter.  Just keep talking and if she starts to respond, hold up your index finger and keep talking.  Chicks really dig a man who can control things 
By pressing A
Practice with girls you are not attracted to but like as friends.  Be friendly and kind, and get comfortable.  Then do the same thing with girls you are attracted to.  No pressure to make a date or accomplish anything other than just ask a little about her.  Have a question or two in mind, then LISTEN to what she says and ask something based on what her response is.  Each time you talk with her, talk a little more.
You couldn't have picked a worse website to ask this question lmao. 
Walk up and press 'A'
To be honest the absolute easiest way is to catch her eye then walk directly over to her and say Hi, I'm _____. People way overthink talking to a girl.
You talk to her like a normal person, cause she is a normal person.
I was on a date last night, just talk about general things, ask questions. Drinking also helps 
Here's a hint to make it [easy..](http://i.imgur.com/ocaJtQH.jpg)
Like thishttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I3s6TfiA8c8
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oQ2hTwj767k
Introduce yourself. Approach the girl you want to start a conversation with, smile and say hello. ... Ask her how she is doing. ... Comment about the weather. ... Ask a question about class or work. ... Bring up pop culture. ... Mention an upcoming event
You don't.Works every time.
You have to start with hello. 
Honestly, just be yourself. Greet the person, ask about their day,  just move along the conversation until you hit a hoping you both enjoy. Try not to tell your life story the first meeting.  Or downplay yourself too much.  It's annoying when you have to reassure someone that they're worthy, or whatever.  If you make a move and they don't like it back off.  Don't try to suck it up and drop hints.  
Eye contact is key.
I usually start with Hello.
With words
Girls are human too. Just talk to her like you would talk to any other person.
Treat her like a human first, and girl second.
Hi is a good start.Then talk about something. Either ask for an opinion, or ask about something about her. Everyone's favourite subject is themselves, so these trends to be good conversation starters.
Not much helpful advice, some people need to learn from basics. You can ask a girl out on a coffee date and ask questions about herself. Show interest.
Wassup shawty, what dat booty do?
Context. Don't fear women, they're people too. If you can start a conversation based on something you're both involved in, great (think comment on a situation, place, event currently occurring nearby). After that, try the FORD principal of conversation (Family, Occupation, Recreation, and Dreams, but remember to leave dreams until you build some rapport). If you're interested in the girl, and she's interested in you, it will become apparent shortly. 
Open your mouth and let the mouth form the sounds.  Women are people too, crazy right?  There is no magic formula to talking to women, just do it.  Repetition breeds familiarity. 
Generally with a greeting.
 What's your major?
Hi, my name is ____, what's yours?
Just do it. Doesn't matter what you say. If they have any interest they will respond positively and if they do not have any interest then they will respond neutrally or if they are childish they will respond negatively. Either way... it's how you discover who they are. Just say something relevant to your situation or maybe just compliment her.You have beautiful eyes!I like your nose piercing. Bet that hurtI like your cell phone cover. My little kitty is timeless
Lol most internet question ever.
You're asking the wrong crowd pal.
hello m'lady *tips fedora
You hear about Pluto? That's messed up.
Try just treating her like you would a friend. Say hello and begin a conversation. Don't ask what she does, where she's from etc. Just remark upon something (not her appearance) and continue on. It's not hard. 
You open your mouth first.
Hi, how are you? is a pretty good start :D Don't try to be too much of a player/too fancy. Girls see right through it and it's a turn off.Unless it's something hilarious and meant as a Joke, avoid most pick up lines
Greetings.How about a round of Gwent?
You gonna eat that bagel? 
If it's a cashier...1. Ask for a receipt2. Find her name then compliment it3. ????4. Profit
Loudly boom YOU, WOMAN! COME HITHER! from across the room at her. Seriously though, ask yourself why you want to speak to her. If the answer is something other than you want to penetrate her vagina, then lead with that. A simple hey, I love [insert thing she is into or has achieved or mentioned], then follow with a question about said thing in relation to her. Most importantly listen to her reply and work from there. Too many guys hmm and ahhh their way through conversations solely thinking about what they're going to say next. Actually listen and respond appropriately, with interest and you will stand out. If she isn't responding then she likely isn't interested and despite what sleazy PUAs tell you there is very little you can do to change that. A classy and friendly exit will be much better for your self esteem and her perception of you than if you start annoying her by failing to get the hint. Women are not aliens but they can be very subtle (from our male point of view) in their negative communications. Listen and pay attention to what they say and their body language. If they look uncomfortable, bow out. If they are into you and want to continue talking, they will let you know. 
A friend gave me some really great advice on this, but I haven't got around to using it.He said if you see a girl you like, go up to her and pull out your penis.  You'll know right then, and there if she's interested.Although, he is technically right, I think they have some laws against this...but YOLO.
Oh please, girls are overrated. 
Have you tried turning it off and on again?
I read How do you start stalking a girl and was really curious as to where the thread was going. To answer your question I'll say you for sure shouldn't follow advice you find in a how do you start stalking a girl reddit thread.
approach her firm and confidently and let out a resounding HELLO MY BABY HELLO MY HONEY HELLO MY RAGTIME GAAAAL. it's my signature move but you can borrow it
[James May is the master of this](http://imgur.com/gallery/Rb4BS8n)
Here's a little secret, turns out that women are also people. Just go and talk to them like you would anyone else, and see how the conversation goes from there.
This needs a [serious] tag.
How to start talking to me: Like a normal human being. 
Honestly, like you would start talking to anyone else.
Don't go into it trying to get somewhere just think about meeting someone new, I would say start talking a bit, but if you can't maintain that let her talk. Being a great active  listener will be a huge asset.
Remove the gag from her mouth. 
My ability to talk to girls exploded when I realized that you could just say Hi, tell them you think they're pretty, and ask for a date (obviously social norms still apply - if she's in the middle of a conversation or something, don't bother her). I did the whole, playing games thing but that doesn't work. Confidence is attractive, right? Be confident enough to assert what you're looking for. If you get turned down, smile, say ok, thanks anyways! and walk away.I want to stress this again though, if you're approaching a stranger - don't be a bother, be polite, respect their personal space, if you get a sign that you've over-stepped, apologize and back off.
It's best not to talk to girls.  The way into a girl's heart is to stare at her for an hour from a corner of the room.  Preferably behind a plant.  Then wait for some good-looking, charismatic jerk to walk up to her and introduce himself.  This guy, known as Chad, will not really be interested in your maiden fair.  He only wants to get in her pants and then discard her.  He could never understand the delicate flower that is m'lady.  By this time, you should have successfully imagined having three or four dates with her.  The next step is to go home and angrily blog that girls only want assholes that treat them badly.  Then wait for sympathy from women everywhere when they realize what a tender-hearted Niceguy you are.  Sit back and wait for the avalanche of poontang that is surely headed your way.
You like jazz?
https://i.imgur.com/zcbbYNd.gif
Use the trump methodGrab her by the pussy
Walk up.Don't make eye contact.Mutter incoherently.When she asks what, freeze.Piss your pants.Blurt out I love you.Turn and run as fast as you can.Fall on your face.Get up and keep running.
Hi
Hello usually. Hi works too.
Walk up and say, hey.  Strike up a conversation about something she is doing, wearing, carrying.  How are you liking A Storm of Swords? I thought it started off much stronger than A Clash of Kings.  Look for anything you might have in common that is not let's hump.  Her shirt is in French, you speak French.  She has a lacrosse stick, you play lacrosse. She's got an organic chemistry book, you just got an A in organic chemistry.  DO NOT LIE!  It will come out later and you will get burned.Don't do all of the talking, listen.  Really listen, if she isn't buying what you are selling, move on.  
Excuse me ma'am, this girlfriend that everyone is talking about, are you her?
Hi
Ask her how much a polar bear weighs...When she says I dunno how much?Say Enough to break the ice then introduce yourself
I should read these comments, but I am too busy fanning myself.
Usually this way:Me: He--Girl: I have a boyfriend
Hi. I'm Leonard. You are beautiful. You pop, sparkle and buzz electric. I'm going to pick you up at eight, show you a night you will never forgetLearnt that from the documentary the big bang theory it's about a nerd that gets to marry a gorgeous blonde. 
The hard part is getting the conversation going.  I find that looking at someone and finding something to tease them about, then following up with a compliment or something self deprecating to be a great way to start a conversation.  This works in any social situation.  For example:You observe a girl across the room in a dress, carrying a handbag.  You go over, introduce yourself and with a smile on your face say, You know, I don't think that bag matches your dress. She replies, Yes it does or something along those lines.You reply with something like, Oh, maybe that's why people say I have no sense of fashion.  I bought this shirt at Walmart. You don't have to be the funniest person in the world.  Just making fun of yourself has the immediate effect of dropping everyone's guard and can open the door to playful banter.You can tailor this type of banter to the situation.  An example with a group of guys who you don't know:You're at a party where you don't know anyone.  You see a group talking and one guy has a Giants hat on.  (It really doesn't matter if you know anything about sports.)You say, Hey, you a Giants fan?  Sorry to hear that.He says, Oh really, why what's your team?If you like sports then the conversation is easy.  If not, something along the lines of Oh I don't follow sports but my marching band won the state championship in ninth grade, I played the tuba or Oh I don't like sports, you guys want to play dungeons and dragons? invites them to make fun of you, opening a fun back and forth.  Obviously you won't use these exact lines but you catch my drift.  Making fun of someone and inviting them to do the same to you works great to open up lines of communication.  
1) Walk up to girl2) Open mouth3) Begin exhaling air4) Start moving lips and tongue to form sounds.
The lung (the pump) must produce adequate airflow and air pressure to vibrate vocal folds (this air pressure is the fuel of the voice). The vocal folds (vocal cords) are a vibrating valve that chops up the airflow from the lungs into audible pulses that form the laryngeal sound source. 
I am a girl... the best way to start talking is Hi i'm (your name). It always works and is very easy
walk up to her and just fart.. and when i mean fart i mean like a real hard push. if she still stands there after.. then talk to her. she has already made her choice.
Can confirm, works. 
Remember to lean forward and stick your arms straight out behind you when running.
Can confirm, this is how I met my wife.Well, she's not my wife yet, but I'm planning on asking her out eventually.
Or WDMWPBTFG for short...works a charm.
Drop your spaghetti all over the place
Aaaawwww kiff. That's so sweet
Slowly put your spaghetis back in your pocket
IGN 10/10
Classic Shmosby
There's no risk. Just ask her out. Worst case scenario,  she says yes. 
This is such a reddit response, logic doesn't work when someone is paralysed by fear dude. The real trick is the moment you go see someone go up and talk to them.  Not waiting for your brain to create a foot to put into your mouth. That's a good way to just get used to talking to people. Can practise on elderly first to built up courage. No you won't be suave but you'll have made progress. Next step is learning about and picking on body language.  Absolutely useless if you don't talk to people regularly because you'll come off as a weirdo. Absolutely useful if you're used to talking somewhat normally with strangers. Once you know what body language clusters to look up on (this is called women's intuition,  blokes have to learn this level of self awareness hence body language) you can notice in yourself when people are open and not open to talking with you.  The reason why it's body language clusters is because any one signal is open to misinterpretation. For example crossed arms may mean someone is fed up or doesn't want to talk, it may also mean it's just bloody cold. A good book is body language by Barbara and Allen pease. People try to cover up their body language a lot but one thing they find it difficult to control is their feet.  I won't go into why or what, just read the book. If you can't think of anything to talk about just talk about the situation you're in or how you feel atm. So if someone says excuse me, I was just walking in and thought you looked interesting and wanted to say Hi, I know this is a bit awkward but I'd be kicking myself all day if I didn't atleast say hello. Something more normal and less dumb than that.  People are generally quite polite unless you're a total prick or they're having a shitty day with multiple people hitting on them that entire day. No its not to get laid, its to start a conversation. This isn't pick up its to meet someone and find out a little bit about them or if there's any connection. If you can't do that because it's weird okay, well just talk to cashiers and anyone paid to be polite.  Get your confidence up that way so when you find yourself in situations to start small talk it feels natural rather than stunted. Okay you can't even do that, well then make some friends that are female through dance class or something  and mentally tell yourself at the beginning of the friendship that this is someone you absolutely just want to be friends with.  It's hard for guys (girls seem to be way better at being friends with their crushes than guys do).  If you can't be friends with someone without thinking of them in their underpants I'd say you need to disengage from that entirely. Yes sometimes friends fall in love but the needy vibe you'd have if you just start a friendship with mentally wanting to date the girl, is not a good place to be. It's not good for her either as you're going to be pleasing rather than genuine, and youre not going to call people on their shit like a true friend would. People are going to find exceptions and poke a hole through all of this, but it's really very simple. Be somewhat decent body wise (why? Because first impressions count) take care of your looks (don't be so messy),  have something interesting going for you that you won't sacrifice for anyone, and just get talking to people. While you're out and about, via doing shared activities, etc.  It's very simple but people overcomplicate the shit out of it because they're always in their head and not responding to the environment or listening to what people are saying and showing (verbally and non verbally). 
this guy talks.
And remember, women are just people with boobs. Don't treat them too differently to how you would treat your guy friends. Chances are, if there's a romantic connection between the two of you, then it will flourish anyway and flirting/other sexy stuff will happen naturally and easily instead of being forced. This has been happening for thousands of years - the cavemen probably weren't obsessing over how to charm a lady, they just walked over, grunted, and the lady grunted back, and if they were compatible then they went into the love cave and didn't come out until morning.
Advice I got from a woman friend many years ago: Don't forget eye contact, nothing says creeper more to a girl if she catches you checking out her cleavage/boobs.  That said, don't maintain too much eye contact, nothing says creeper more to a girl if you stare at her face too long. But always look interested in what she's saying nothing says creeper more to a girl if you are looking around while she's talking to you.
Isn't the scientifically most awesome feeling taking a piss after holding it for a little while?
That's good advice too. Have an upvote. Judging by most of the comments here a [serious]-tag is missing :o
>2. Realise she is just as awkward as you are.Nice try.
Damn good advice. Bravo. 
When people say zero tisk, I assume they forget middle school/early high school.  I'm 30 and I can at least remember that horribly self-conscious age.  The biggest fear is to become the wierd kid or whatever and it is extremely cliqueish...if they reject you hard you risk your friends never letting you forget.
That sounds boring.
> scientifically most awesome feeling you're able to feelHeroin?
Damn. Thanks. 
I think it may help to add a little of the why approaching women causes such fear. We evolved for millions of years in small tribal groups. It wasn't guaranteed that every male would find a suitable female. The consequences of failing with a suitable mate was probably never mating at all. That is why the risk seems so high and the consequences so great. However, this evolved relationship to mating isn't valid any longer. Acknowledge the fear as a vestigial, unnecessary response. You're not alone in feeling it  it's natural. Allow your legs to shake and your voice to crack and say hello!
This is totally wrong, it's X you have to press
Too much effort. Do you know how many dialog boxes you have to click through?Just type buying gf in the chat. Way easier. 
Ok, what you're doing there is jumping, you just [jumped](https://youtu.be/pRsnLAwcvh4?t=2m45s)
But, what if you mess up and can't reset?!
Press A to pound?
This is actually brilliant! Now I just have to learn to build up te guys to do just that.
I swear I've read this exact answer before (I think like a half a year / a year back). Was it you? 
Continue the story, what happened next?
You're an animal, my friend.
Found James May
Is it me you're looking for?
Wait.. shit.. too formal.. I should say hi.. No wait.. hey..  ..how about sup? damnit..
https://youtu.be/I3s6TfiA8c8
Greetings.
...there
Its me.
I love you, won't you tell me your name.
Genuinly best answer ITT
I'm off my computer,  i don't see how using reddit on my phone helps though. 
That's a risk I'm not willing to take,What if i see....**PEOPLE??**
I met my current girlfriend of 3 years over a post my friend made on Facebook about league of legends so don't listen to this guyIn fact thinking about it every girlfriend I've had bar one I've met over the internet 
Actually, I've asked out most of my dates through FB. And I've met people through it too./shrug
But my back has fused to my chair... Can't I just sit here and play some more CK2? Girls love the smell of a crusader, after all. 
I go out on my own now since it's true i'll never meet anyone indoors. Just feels so shameful amd embarassing though. Everyone knows you're a loser, to the point it's never gonna actually work.
> First step, get up from your computerWow wow wow, slow down there!
If she says fluttershy first, you have yourself a keeper.
What do you do if she turns out to be not compatible?
>not tentacle beastsHey, you should respect my gender and identity.
I wish we were tentacle beasts, that'd be hot
... Hihi? 
Yea! Males are the tentacle beasts! 
What a girl thing to say *scoff* 
I have trust issues with beings that tries to convince me they aren't tentacle beasts.
That may be an advantage. 
>We're human beings, not tentacle beasts.Id like you better if you were one.
Speak for yourself.
.... says the Wondercunt
Okay*sticks out hand*!iH*screams internally*
When you look like a Picasso painting this doesn't work. 
HELLO, MY NAME IS DOUG.  AND I HAVE MESOTHELIOMA.IF YOU OR A LOVED ONE HAS BEEN DIAGNOSED WITH MESOTHELIOMA YOU MAY BE ENTITLED TO FINANCIAL COMPENSATION.
You must be good looking and rich as hell if that works 30% of the time for you 
Don't forget, kiss her hand! Girls love that
Ok, I'd totally accept this. I love fedoras. Provided the guy wasn't an ass afterwards of course.
Jesus gets me so hot, the guy had a hell of a body. I'd sit on his face while the holy ghost watches.
Cheeses crust.FTFY 
You joke, but this will actually work in a lot of places given that you studied up on that stuff.
Can confirm. This works like a charm 
Seeing as I met her at church... On a random weekday...
This has not worked for me in the past. 
Works two out of three times.
Does not work. I think what u mean is this:If you are in a conversation and she is talking, but gives an incomplete/unsatisfactory answer, keep looking at them without saying anything and they will feel compelled to talk a bit more.
Are you japanese, by any chance?
It takes the right attitude, but this is my go-to icebreaker for pretty much anything. I had a professional job interview once that I was completely unprepared for, attire included, and I commented that I almost wore the same suit but I was glad I opted for the jeans/hoodie combo instead so I could forgo the embarrassment. While he didn't seem particularly amused and it was one of my worst interviews, I did get the job. 
*Does not work in Scotland
Well, he's getting many, but the quality is questionable...
Your jugs look fucking wonderful, maam. May I touch?
0.5% of the time it works 100% of the time
I find that the most erotic part of a woman are the boobies
I see this advice all the time but... How do you talk to a guy? I've no idea how to start a conversation lol
Wassup, why the fuck didn't you do homework, you doin' it now? Bitch the day starts in 2 minutes, have fun rushing.
Agreed. It helps not to place a lot of significance on the hello. It's just a word, you're not going to lose your only chance at eternal love if she doesn't respond or seem into talking to you. Don't wanna be called the dreaded C word (creepy)? It has a lot to do with the eyes. Don't leer. Don't stare at her at all, but certainly not her boobs. Look at her face when speaking, but look away when it's natural too. Like if you comment on her book, look at the book. If you comment on the weather, look at the sky. For god's sake don't say 'Nice t-shirt' as an excuse to stare at her chest, that is so lame and transparent. Super creepy. Don't stand too close, don't fidget or blink too much. Just talk, and don't act like talking to her is the only reason you exist. Act like it's no big deal, and read her body language. 
Just watch any romantic comedy. 
>  do you start stalking a girl,Disappointed is with two p's. I am disappoint at your lak ov gramer.
Well ''hello'' is also pretty effective. However, most effective for me would be something about pokemon. 
Kinky
*proceeds to loudly fart*
send them /r/meirl memes at 2 am
That's good advice too. What do you mean with the turtle story? Like something that you wondered together about in the past or more like an introduction to a chat  la *Hey, I recently wondered about X and found out Y. Isn't that cool/interesting? How are you?* Could you please elaborate? 
Mom's spaghetti.
Hey, what is your opinion on the degradation of the pure maths field by applied math scholars?
Best advice, close thread.
Or E or F or X, depending on your platform and game
Worked for Will Smith on Fresh Prince
Sounds like a list Kenan would tell Kel to prepare at the end of the show...
That's my secret,  I'm always lonely *sad hulk*
Did you rhyme soft with soft? 3/10 would not let you touch the booty
This is debatable. 
I'm a girl and this one is actually pretty funny. I like it. My answer is trebuchet. And yes this knowledge comes from playing Age of Empires.
send help, reddit has stripped me of this ability 
sounds kinda creepy tho.And i can't think of a good follow-up. Like how is this gonna Play out?A: Excuse me, hope you don't mind me asking, but what's the name of the perfume that you're wearing?.B: blablablaA: Hm...okay...nice...i'm so lonely...fuck me...please?
You smell like my grandmother. I love my grandmother.
I get what you're saying, but maybe don't make the starting point of your conversation about how she smells.
> Girls like talking as much as we do.so if the don't speak for a day its not a problem?
Tried it just now at a Hostel I am staying right now and a girl just said dont believe everything you read on Reddit
Excuse me, miss, I know it's not funny, but your perfume smells like your daddy's got money
Tried this at US Customs and Immigration. Didn't work. On plane home.
She'll explode into laughter.
It's not you they're afraid of, it's how they think others will think of them if they fail to escort a mate. 
Absolutely not.
Remove your dick. Don't take advice from shit tier movies. Take advice from reddit. We know better
Might as well just complete the trip to no desire land by killing yourself. That's sure to get rid of every kind of pesky desire!
> too.As well as what else?
I like how you occupy space.!
Nice boobies
How do I pronounce _______?
> walk directly over to her and say Hi, I'm _____. *...on the sex offender's register.**...wearing my mother's underwear.**...a black belt 3rd Dan. Fite me.*
Hi, I'm whale.
*staring intensifies*
when do you stop running tho?
BELIEVE IT
Better if you imagine Snape doing it alongside you.
With a nose bleed and big anime eyes 
Super-speed!!!At least that is what my sister's two year old calls it.
If she says Yes to your clumsy proposal then she's a keeper
Also a good thing to say when you introduce yourself 
Can confirm, I talked to a girl, she's my girlfriend and now my life is ruined
No, one worst case scenario is that you say hi then become so nervous that you can't speak properly and she looks at you with concern then gives you 50p and smiles before continuing to talk to her friends. Then you go home and find out that someone randomly recorded the interaction put it on youtube and its #1 on the front page with a warning of Cringe underneath the title.
I can think of worse
Worst case scenario you embarrass yourself
But this trite advice is unhelpful. In real life, worst case scenario is often you feel pretty darn bad. Maybe you really liked her. SO maybe you master the technique of not giving a damn: Then why even ask her out in the first place?? Something has to move you to act and even if you just want casual sex there's a lot of social footwork to navigate first. *Further*more if you actually interact with this person a lot you'll also feel a bit awkward for awhile and probably permanently change your social dynamic with them.
No, that is NOT the worst case scenario. These days you can practically be arrested for harassing a woman in public (e.g. Starting a conversation).
Ha, didn't expect that. 
What if spaghetti falls out of your fanny pack and you shit yourself?
Upvoted for better advice than OP. If it was as simple as saying oh, there's no real danger then we'd all make progress. 
Great response, people don't realize the emotional part of the brain runs the show and you can't rationalize with it, but you can trick it!
It's always annoying when you see all these typical reddit answers. All you gotta do is bla bla bla and then you're good. It's all the same shit that's been recycled over and over again, and now everyone on here believes it to be the truth. 
Exactly. Reddit is so goofy. They try to turn everything into a process.
Some of the best good advice I've seen on Reddit, and by far the best advice I've ever heard on talking to people in general.
Probably fucks, too.
>women are just people with boobsAnd a completely different system down below and in the brains and heart and can remember anything anyone said from before they were born when in a fight.
In all seriousness, the explanation I've heard that makes the most sense is that a general feeling of creepiness happens when there is some sort of ambiguity. Is there a disconnect between what you're saying and how you're acting? Is your motivation clear? Do you seem sincere? 
That sounds like she's misidentifying the causes of creepiness. Too much and too little of the same thing can't lead to the same result. If too little was creepy and too much was assholish, then it's possible. But this is more like she's pre-identified someone as creepy, and from then on everything he does is creepy
Human interaction is complicated if it doesn't come naturally to you, that's going to be true no matter what. It's not that women are complicated.Humans are also social beings and so these interactions DO come naturally to most, and most people do all of these things without realizing it. That's why too little or too much eye contact is unnerving, it's because it's unnatural and people subconsciously realize that something is off. It's why level of eye contact is so often used as a tell for lying, you're doing something unnatural ie being deceitful.In fact, you probably do all of the right and natural things when you're talking to your family or your male friends or some random dude at the register, but you get so into your own head when you're talking to someone you're attracted to that your body forgets how to function. If you are actually incapable of these things no matter who you are talking to, you have a separate problem that you probably already know about and that people online can't really help you out with.Again, it's not that 'women are just so complicated'. -.-
Can't look at the boobs, careful with the eye contact, and no looking around...got it. I'll just keep my eyes closed the whole time. Foolproof.
No, the scientifically most awesome feeling is peeling off your socks after a very long day on your feet, of course.
Personally I'd say waking up late for work on your day off and the calm that washes over you wen you realize your mistake. 
The answers are ridiculous because the question is ridiculous. Talking to a girl is exactly like talking to a guy. It's only hard when you see every single girl as a potential romantic partner. It's much easier if you treat them like a friend. 
Or did you read the title and see that it wasn't there? 
It's a means to an end
What do you mean?
You foolish Xbox peasants! Why, my Triangle button is far superior!
Shawn?
Just believe in yourself, and te guys will follow. 
I too need to learn to build up te guys, welcome aboard friend.
Party = alcohol. May not be necessary, but it helps.
Nah, that's a copy/paste bot.https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/3vz5aj/how_do_you_start_up_a_conversation_with_a_girl/cxs8nkn/They're in every thread these days. If you browse Askreddit much, you probably see like a dozen bot comments every day.
sex
Oh cock
No. May's advice is to start serenading her with the work of Thomas Campion (1565-1620).
You've got to start with hello..!
Oh cock.
Or Jane May. You can't just assume its gender!
You have to start with Hello. 
'Ello
I can see it in your eyes.
Always go for the How you doin'
This is the struggle
I need healing.
Turns out girls are human and you talk to them using normal human language, TILNow I feel foolish for all those years of beating my chest and roaring to try and attract a mate... 
It means you can text or even call her while browsing reddit!
I printed Reddit and compiled it in a binder, please telegram me all comment replies.  Also, fax me the updates to the front page along so I can be one of you'ze.
Worse, what if they see **ME**?
Meh, people are overrated anyway.
I'm currently with my girlfriend of 1 year. Met on OKCupid. Before that, I dated about 6 different girls through OKCupid and similar dating sites.Before using the internet, nothing. No dating at all.Can confirm, internet is king of meeting great GF material.
Excuse me, you can Rainbow Dash out of here right now. 
Tighten the headlock
Like applejack incompatible, or rarity level incompatible? 
Oh, I'm so sorry. Are you beastgender or tentaclegender, and what are the pronouns for that? 
/r/unexpectedhentai
:)
Realtalk, *fuckloads* of women have never asked a guy out. Then wonder why guys are so anxious or won't ask them out.
Not all women are supermodels either 
Speaking as a girl, it doesn't matter so much what your facial features look like as long as you look like you're taking care of yourself and come across as confident and casual. 
Then you find a girl who looks like one too. Picasso paintings are beautiful too!
The fuck?
I'm just a guy from Terra Hautte, Indiana with a big ole dick, a fat wallet, and a spleef the size of a baby arm.
The whole fedora = neck beard thing is so frustrating. Worn properly with an appropriate outfit they're quite stylish but nooo, fedora means you're a doubt now. Damnit Reddit. 
Hello, it's me, your holy ghost
:)
/r/jesuschristredditLiterally
Rookie mistake... sorry.
>Grilled CheezusFTFY
This has gotten people arrested in the past.
Good ole naked man.
Works two out of three times every time.FTFY
Almost as questionable as your use of quotation marks.
That's what happens when you forget the serious tag
Not even 'may i touch', just say May I? and gesture to them. Assumption that you can is the best route.
Just say whatever comes to your mind. Say hey, ask what's up with their lives. If you find yourself unable to think of what to say to someone just ask them about themselves. I'm pretty socially awkward and that seems to always lead into conversations easily without it feeling forced or weird.
Honestly yeah talk to us like that if we fucked up and didn't start our homework yet! 
> For god's sake don't say 'Nice t-shirt' as an excuse to stare at her chest, that is so lame and transparent. Super creepy.Seriously. I wear a small necklace with my name engraved on it in really small letters that my boyfriend gave me. Like the letters are super small, they're not really meant to be read by anyone, it's just for me. One day I was getting coffee and the barista actually LEANED IN towards my chest to read it. And it just happened to be on a day when I was wearing a pretty low cut shirt. Like. Come on guy. That shits just creepy. He tried to play it off like, I wanna read it but it's so small! Ugh. 
I honestly think I could fight 5 turtles in a pool. 
That is a crappy question in many ways.
There's a difference between charismatic confidence, and asshole confidence. While cockiness can be charming in some circumstances, it's not what you want to approach with - try to be suave and pleasant, not abrasive. Once you're into the flirting stages, then cockiness can be a good idea, but don't go overboard. 
Yea according to my highschool years thats what all the girls like
No no, after blablabla the nerves *really* start to kick in:A: Oh, that's great. I was wondering because my girlfriend needs some and I want her to smell like you. Bye. 
You smooth charmer.
Not every time, but you'd be surprised. 
Yeah, I mean, I usually don't even wear perfume, just deodorant. I've had a guy I was friends with tell me I smelled good and ask what I was wearing.I had to look at him awkwardly and say 'thanks, it's soap...' and subsequently become really awkward with the rest of our conversations.
I never claimed to be an expert.
You're never going to win them all.
Bullshit, I just saw ur four square checkin at Guantanamo bay
Giving them an insult. 
*Are you calling me fat?*Sorry mate, try again.
blankay. It's french.
You can do a whole bunch of things from ten feet away. Eye contact, slight smile, subtle caught me hands with a guilty face, and if she is remotely into she will either laugh or say something. If not, give the murder eyes.
You don't.
This technique only work for orcs. They can run forever
Storytime op
Who hurt you?
*and she looks at you with concern then gives you 50p*I read that first as 'she gives you 50 hp', and I was wondering where all these Female Paladins were hanging out.
This no doubt would be my luck 
Get outside.
But hey, 50p, that counts as reward
Calm down, Raj.
As you are going to ask her, you trip over a twig and end up falling into a woodchipper 
She says yes, and then brings her boyfriend on the date. Even worse, she doesn't plan to go dutch.
So? Take a breath, laugh and say I messed that up, I meant hi. Embarrassing yourself isn't nearly as bad as people tend to think. The most social people embarrass themselves all the time, the difference is they just laugh it off and keep going. 
I too have been known to fuck
I know that I don't 
let's not get ahead of ourselves here. he wouldn't be on reddit if he does the deed
A very selective photographic memory. Only available when in an argument.
I'm hoping the woman friend is joking. Otherwise, we are all doomed. 
You mean the 3 seconds before the stench hits you?
When you treat them like a friend first they're more apt to like you romantically anyway.
So was the Holocaust. Are you saying that Hitler was right now? You need to take a good look at yourself if you're advocating the systematic slaughter of millions of innocent men, women and children.
PlayStation has an X too.. 
You foolish console peasants! Why, my left mouse button is far superior!
F!
So... what do you start with before building up to te guys?
Except that party != alcohol. Sure, many parties do have alcohol, but even then, not everyone will partake in it.
What is this, Blade Runner?
Maybe if things go well
I can see it in your smile.
Group up with me.Group up with me.Group up with me.Group up with me.Group up with me.
You're not using homing pigeons?
What if there is... *interaction*?
Then you must kill them.
These guys aren't compatible.
hold until she stops moving 
Uhh hello it's called AncientKin. Bigoted shitlord.
There's no pronoun.  Just the proper one.
Also /r/consentacles
\\\_()\_/ that's as far as I usually get in real life. I guess it's time to delete reddit now too.
They are compared to me.
A lot of people, dudes especially, have a poor idea of what kind of girl is realistic for them to shoot their shot.
Yeah can we talk about that casual and confident thing?
#HELLO, MY NAME IS DOUG. AND I HAVE MESOTHELIOMA.#IF YOU OR A LOVED ONE HAS BEEN DIAGNOSED WITH MESOTHELIOMA YOU MAY BE ENTITLED TO FINANCIAL COMPENSATION.
R u illiterate? 
The problem is that people rarely wear them stylishly.  I see people wearing fedoras more often with t-shirts, cargo shorts, and sandals than with a nice outfit.
Agreed! Of course, when I think of Fedoras, I think of a well dressed dapper guy in a suit. Which kinda tends to be up my alley :D 
The fedora = trilby thing is worse.
Hello, it's me, Jesus Christ
No problems. The Lord always forgives.Except people who don't like pizza fuck those guys.
I think I can do eben 7 turtles :D 
Okay, how about What do you think of Gen. MacArthur's opinion that the focal point of US foreign policy in Asia needed to be Formosa? Edit: me no typ gud 
>try to be suave and pleasant Yeah, and while I'm at it I'll shit a diamond as well
Highschool girls are not renowned for their taste in guys. 
That's not very nice.
No, quite the opposite.
I've been running since '11. It's difficult to type like this and my feet have eroded to stumps, but hey that's the price you pay for dedication, and at the end of the day it's a great way to stay in shape.
So that is why dad isn't back yet
He talked to a girl, she's his girlfriend, and now his life is RUINED.
The internet. It's an abusive relationship though, he just keeps coming back for more.
No no, the opposite, she'll trip, fall, and land on his dick. And then you're going to have dr dre talking in your head as a schizophrenic delusion.Really, just avoid talking to girls.
Tuck and Dale?
^ This guy Tucker and Dales
That's how my uncle went.
You seem more of a talker to me.
She was joking somewhat yes, but what I took away from it is to be conscious of what your eyes are doing. 
Who doesn't shower with socks on? jk
Then you miss all the hints that she might be in to you until that ship has sailed and you find yourself sitting alone in your room on a Friday night scrolling through Facebook and thinking how obvious the hints were in restrospect.
But don't get mad if they're not interested, friendship is also really nice.
Where the hell did I say Hitler was right? He turned Germany from a shithole into a superpower, but he was a dick about it. No man is right or wrong about everything. So I guess I am saying Hitler did some things right, but sure as hell not the one you mentionedEdit: I mean he was wrong in wanting to kill millions of people, although he was successful in the attempt
Shit! My cover has been blown! 
No that's a cross, not the letter X. One of both is clearly superior!
But it would be e or f you're a peasant in disguise.
You foolish... mouse peasant? Why, my E key is far superior!
Ambitious but rubbish
You're all I ever wanted and my arms are open wide...
Quickly return to your computer
Whats that?
Wait for the headlock
Cry. Sam. Cry. 
R'lyeh
...*Nice*
/r/ofcoursethatsathing 
I was hoping that would actually be a sub where the Octopus was asking the Woman in question to engage in sexual activitiesIt is not.
Your attitude about it is probably more unattractive than the fact that you may be unattractive
That's the female way of saying not lonely and not broken inside. So, if you fit that description, you're golden. Otherwise, go fuck yourself forever.
STOP###STOP#STOP   
i want to unsubscribe from doug's mesothelioma facts
no am not illtate,how you ask me for?
No, but most of my partners are.
I've got to be honest in the real world I very rarely see Fedoras. Plenty of Arch and Ubuntu though. 
Jesus!!!
Oh fuck did I get left behind from the rapture?
Are you kidding me? I've never agreed so much with someone as I agree with Gen. MacArthur that the focal point of US foreign policy in Asia needed to be Formosa!
[deleted]
Pff.. I've already been **Running in the 90's**
And i raaaaan i ran so far awaaaay
#RUINED
He fell in love with a girl.He fell in at once and almost completely.She's in love with the world,but sometimes these feelings can be so misleading.He can't think of anything to do, His left brain knows that their love is fleeting.She's just looking for something newand he said it once beforebut it bears repeating.
at least the sex is great
This guy raps
You can get mad, just don't make it her problem.*I was your friend because I didn't want you to feel pressure to make a decision about me romantically without knowing more about me, personally. You know me on a semi-intimate/informal basis and I'm interested in you romantically. The ball is in your court.*If she rejects you, it's perfectly fine to be upset by that-- it's a disappointing feeling, you just need to move on. If you can't accept *just* being a friend, that shit needs to be held up, clear as day, like an auction placard. *Hey, cool. I enjoyed being your friend, but I want something more. If you're not interested, I have to get going.* Sitting around in the dusty, maybe/someday corner of her life is just going to frustrate you. Do some soul searching. Are you *really* okay with just being her friend?Alternatively, if you say *You know what, cool. I enjoy our friendship, and I'm fine with you not being interested in me romantically. Let's stay friends.* That's fine, you just have to mean that shit. Assume her answer will never change. Because it often doesn't. Don't use that response just to buy time until you try again. It's not an interest-free credit card. *All right! Just friends for 6 months, no pestering. Then I'll drop down on you like the hammer of Thor when I reach a sexually frustrated breaking point and reassert my desire to have a romantic relationship with you, and though I said I was cool with being just friends, what I really meant was I was cool waiting a little longer for you to come around, and since you still haven't, now I'm pissed.* Who wins in that scenario? I'll tell you who, the next guy she meets who can be a sounding board for all of her anger towards you for misrepresenting your intentions. That guy just had 75% of his work done for him, by your dumbass. The inverse is true-- the heartbroken hopeless romantic in the process of healing is a pussy-slaying archetype, but if you had that kind of killer instinct, you wouldn't have had that blow-up I just described, so it's a moot point.Just be honest about your aspirations and your intentions. You don't have to lead with *I WANT TO FUCK YOU BUT I WANT YOU TO GET TO KNOW ME FIRST AND BE MORE COMFORTABLE WITH ME BEFORE I TRY TO MAKE THAT ADVANCE.* That's shitty. That's a shitty way to think and a shitty way to phrase your intentions: *I want to get to know you and I want you to get to know me. I like meeting new people and I'm open to wherever our friendship leads.* That's a lot more PC and a lot more...healthy, from an internal monologue standpoint. Anyway, I'm rambling. Point is, it's normal to be upset or disappointment or even angry if a relationship changes or doesn't change in a way you were/weren't hoping for. That's fine. But that's your reaction, and therefore, your burden to bear. You don't get to throw it in the other person's face. *Things would be fine if you'd just XYZ!!!* go eat shit, that's a stupid thing to do to a person. Handle your anger. Put it in your butt if you have to, just handle it.
And this is what I need to say to a girl to get a date, right? I should try to make her see that Hitler had some good points?I'll give it a go but I'm not too confident that this is a great strategy.
For one, you don't have to know the alphabet. 
maybe he thinks shooting people in the face is a normal human interaction?
Not if you're playing RuneScape
But i wonder where you are (did i do that right guys?)
I mean you have to be OK with yourself before adding another person into your life
#HELLO, MY NAME IS DOUG. AND I HAVE MESOTHELIOMA.#IF YOU OR A LOVED ONE HAS BEEN DIAGNOSED WITH MESOTHELIOMA YOU MAY BE ENTITLED TO FINANCIAL COMPENSATION. 
wht u is ilalitreate. i ccan tel by uor absultely tearible grammer. 
Plays nicer with bastard UEFuckingI than a lot of other distros.
I've really started to love Fedora and Gnome recently. Works really well with VMS that don't have good graphics cards.
I tried *you're a big ugly poo-poo head and you smell like dog farts and your Grandma probably only died because she didn't like you* but it didn't work.
he meant 1911
*[DRIFTING INTENSIFIES]*
Deja vu
To shreds, you say?
Ru-eened!
I think the most important thing here is not being afraid to duck out if you don't think that remaining friends is gonna be something you can do. If you explain that it's not that you only talked to her with the purpose of getting with her, and that ducking out is just the best thing for you, and she STILL gets mad, you don't need that in your life, yo.
If she's a neo-nazi or something it might actually work
Oh I just noticed this was the comment you replied to. I mentioned Hitler in a different comment regarding Trump a few minutes ago and I thought that was the one you were replying to
And, in my experience, it's impossible to be okay with yourself when you're well and truly alone for too long. Not single. Alone.
I don't know anyone who is ok, everyone got their issues. Some of which we know, some not.
And his girlfriend?
No harm done. It's all worked out okay.
If you believe it's impossible then it undoubtedly is.
You can have issues and be ok. I think it comes down to how much of your crap are you dumping on other people. If you're not working on your problems, they fester and it shows. Nobody wants to be around that. But if you take responsibility for your life, if you're dealing with your shit, that shows, too. Makes you happier, more confident. Not without issues, but much more attractive to everybody else.
To shreds you say?
The Super Mario theme until I'm lowered down, during which it'll be the Down the pipe jingle. After my burial, I want the underground music.
Always Look On The Bright Side Of LifeI'm 100% serious
Tubthumping by Chumbawamba 
Hallelujah by Leonard Cohen.Y'all mofos aren't leaving without crying!
Another One Bites the Dust ~Queen
We are Number One, just so people will be scratching their heads.
Never gonna give you up - Rick astley. Rick roll everyone one last time... >:)
Highway to Hell. Let's keep it real folks
Stayin' Alive.I want to make my relatives laugh one last time.
the jack in a box song, everyone will be really on edge for a second 
We'll Meet Again by Vera Lynn. The song at the end of Dr. Strangelove. 
Closer - NIN
Somewhere over the Rainbow - Israel IZ Kamakawiwoole
[It's not easy being green - Kermit the Frog](https://youtu.be/hpiIWMWWVco)Followed by Pop Goes the Weasel that stops right before the last note.
Either Frank Sinatra's My Way or Norman Greenbaum's Spirit in the Sky.
My Way - Frank Sinatra
Naive melody - talking heads
The theme song to Blazing Saddles..
Smooth jazz. I want the vibe to be chatty and casual at my funeral. 
Whatever's on the muzak in the restaurant. No ceremony, just dinner on me.
Frank Sinatra - That's [Life](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zoXLKgX0MgU)
Always look on the bright side of life
My friend wants 'For Good' from Wicked. It makes me cry everytime I hear it, to the point of sobbing. It's about someone changing you for good, and you being so much better just for knowing them. Tearing up right now, fuck. I hope she doesn't die, she's been suicidal for years now and it's how we met. 
After the Goldrush - Neil Young
Hey Ya by Outkast
Helena - My Chemical RomanceI can be dead with them ;-;
Moonage Daydream or Lets Dance
[Ashokan Farewell](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2kZASM8OX7s)
Hell's bells
[This song.](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=jfs8reHGoHM) I can't even put into words how much this song means to me.
Honestly?I was an emo fucker as a teenager and I know everyone in my family would likely expect it anywayWelcome to the black parade
hymn for the weekend by coldplay
[96 Tears](https://youtu.be/R7uC5m-IRns) by Question Mark & The Mysterians.
If it's a closed casket, Pop goes the Weasel played progressively faster...
The Monster Mash. My arms will have strings attached with a guy working them in the ceiling, so that when it starts playing I can still participate.
SexyBack.  So everyone's waiting for me to come back, and bring the sexy with me.Maybe the hamster dance song.Possibly Dust In The Wind.
Space jam while my lifeless body gets swung around by a ceiling fan.
Breaking into heaven - The Stone Roses. One of all-time favourites. Title is just an added bonus.
I have a playlist that will play throughout the entire funeral.https://soundcloud.com/theverybakedpotato/sets/wierd-shit
I'd go for Come Back by Pearl Jamhttps://youtu.be/EDIENVscu3A
Who Wants to Live Forever - Queen
bohemian rhapsody
Milk it - Nirvana idk why my fav song I am my own parasite I don't need a host to live when can feed off of each other we can share our endorphins 
Orinoco Flow - EnyaBlasted around the church as my coffin is carried from the alter down the aisle and out the door. Hahaha
Where rainbows never die - The SteeldriversCheesy title, but hits me in the feels every time I hear it. It's such a beautiful song and reminds me of my parents and grandparents for some reason.
Don't have one planned for myself, but my grandma has made it very well known that she wants Here For The Party by Gretchen Wilson played at her funeral, so there's that.
Big pimpin
American Pie by Don McLean, or Shine on you Crazy Diamond by Pink Floyd.
[Non, Je Ne Regrette Rien](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q3Kvu6Kgp88)
[An End, Once and For All](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x5JvbD2Zc9I)i say this out of pure seriousness because, as a song, it's perfect. It's sad, but in a good way.The song perfectly conveys the feeling that the story is over. This is goodbye. nobody wants the story to end, but at the end of the day, it was a danm good ride. the best. 
Wild Horses x The Sundays 
Solsbury Hill - Peter Gabriel
Darude - SandstormBut my dead body has to be hanging from one of those [Big Ass Fans](http://www.bigassfans.com/) as strobe lights flash when the beat drops.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wp_Now6WDRcCoheed and Cambria - In Keeping Secrets of Silent Earth: 3
All the little lights by Passenger
Couldn't care less. Ideally there won't be anyone in attendance.
My Mommom has always said that she wants her funeral to be joyous and happy and all her friends and loved ones celebrating her life instead of quietly mourning. This always stuck with me and I want to do the same. Funerals bring people, who may otherwise not see each other frequently, together, and everyone shares the same air of nostalgia about them. It's a perfect opportunity for reminiscing, catching up, strengthening bonds. I'd rather people leave my funeral with new good memories to associate with each other, and myself, when they find themselves missing me. I don't want to be remember solemnly, I want to be remembered joyously. The only song I think I'd request to be played is Paul McCartney's Live and Let Die. 
The parting glass or Thriller. Gotta keep them on their toes.
My Way - Frank Sinatra 
Nothing Else Matters by Metallica.
XIX- slipknot
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iAP9AF6DCu4
Nekopara Vol 2 theme 
[Do you realize](https://youtu.be/lPXWt2ESxVY) - The Flaming Lips   
Give My Love to Rose by Johnny Cash or Achille Last Stand by Led Zeppelin
Jump in the line, by Harry Bellefonte .
Girl on Fire....  I want to be cremated 
 Either pop goes the weasel with a closed casket or any song from dead mans party by oingo boingo.
Nyan cat 10 hour loop to annoy the shit out of my friends and family one last time.
Do you believe in life after love
Wii Sports Main Menu Theme
What a wonderful world by Louis Armstrong
Fancy by Reba McIntyre
I'll Be Missing You - Black Eyed Peas
Good Riddance (Time Of Your Life) - Green Day
Thunder and Blazes
Beat it 
Queen another one bites the dust 
Another one bites the dust.
Timber 
[I like your booty but I'm not gay](https://youtu.be/LJOTBSE_3Dw) 
Staying alive - however I intend to have Dwight Shrute in attendance after telling him of my organ donor card.
PS You Rock My World by Eels. 
Half Light - Porcupine Tree.Live from Tilburg version of course.
Mmmbop by Hansen.  Because fuck you. 
The Exorcist Theme
Wideawake by Katy PerryOr Alive by KrewellaHeh 
No Excuses by Alice in Chains followed by Pink Floyd's High Hopes
December 1963.
NoneI will be scattered in a beautiful quiet cove, and I set aside 10.000 for whoever takes care of this to thank them for doing this for me. 
Angel of death - Slayer. 
Was at a funeral once that ended on Put Me in Coach by the guy from creedance. Was powerful, I confess 
Running in the 90's
ACDC - Highway to Hell
The first few opening chords of Stairway to Heaven...but then when people start thinking My, why a fitting choice I want Naughty By Nature's *OPP* to start playing...why? I have no fucking idea.
Like a hurricane by C.c catch 
Don't stop me nowQueen
Cantina Band by John Williams
Sound of Settling - Death Cab for Cutie
Life is beautiful 
Short Songs by Dead Kennedys. I like short short songs!On an infinite loop, over and over.
X - 21 Savage 
Asche Zu Asche - Rammstein
Mum once said to me that she wants Satisfaction by the Rolling Stones as her funeral song.  
Either Phil Collins - Take Me Home or Pearl Jam - Given to Fly
Hello, Goodbye by The Beatles. 
Rejoice by Andrew Jackson Jihad 
When they lower my casket into the ground, I want them to play [the clock song](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2JVwo3D72cc) from Countdown 
I want them to sit there in awkward silence while Decades by Joy Division plays. I'll make them all depressed  one last time. 
Pyramid Song - RadioheadI want to go to Heaven in a little row boat.
Stole the Show
Depends who will attend the funeral. In many cases that would be 'Happy' by Pharrel, or 'We are the Champions'...If I have anything to say, that would be either 'He's gone' by Grateful Dead, or 'We don't need another hero', preferably sung by Northern Kings, because I swing that way.
The Fisherman's Blues by The Waterboys.
My mom says we can play anything except ding, dong, the witch is dead at her funeral.My song would probably be so long, goodbye by Sum 41. 
My Way - Frank Sinatra
Ding dong the witch is dead
Back in black 
Wish You Were Here. Idk, it's always been a favorite of mine
The prayer by cudi. 
[Highwayman by The Highwaymen](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aFkcAH-m9W0)
Remembrance Ballad by Atreyu
Your Song - Elton John
If i ever leave this world alive - flogging molly
Bon Jovi's *Livin' On A Prayer*.
Carry on my wayward son by Kansas 
Road to Nowhere by Talking Heads
As odd as it seems   I see the light from Tangled
[This is Not the End](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t5Cjt83wWDk)by Gungor
The credits music from the second Bionicle movie.Hopefully with [similar visual effects](https://youtu.be/9WmKXS8X8cU?t=1m18s).
Afterimage by Rush
Don't stop believin' sung by  Japanese cover band.
My current choice would be either the tetris song at 50% speed or determination from Undertale.
One - Metallica
The Parting Glass. Specifically, the AC: Black Flag rendition
10000 MilesAcross the Universe
Don't Talk About Me When I'm Gone, Billy Holiday
[Father Farewell](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2wpn9zoPYno) by Iron Mask. It's one of my absolute favorite songs, it's so sad and beautiful. 
Hail Mary by 2Pac
The space jam theme. I will be hanging from a ceiling fan.
Come TogetherIt was at my Great-grandmother's funeral.Which is a tad ironic because her severe illness was really the only thing keeping that side of the family together, and now, because of her death, they are constantly in contention and many don't talk to each other.
[Perfect Day](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9wxI4KK9ZYo), Lou ReedOr [Just One Person](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OBMpqb7aikc), The Muppets
Into the west lotr
I was at a funeral today and was thinking about this during a very long sermon. Dunno what I'd pick. P.I.M.P by 50 Cent maybe? My dad always said that we wanted us to play Riding the Storm Out by REO Speedwagon when we roll him out. When he starts to get up there in age, I gotta figure out if he actually wants us to do that and get him to put it in writing. Otherwise, we're going to get some weird looks lol.
Laat het los (let it go)
Get Shwifty 
Troubadour - George Strait 
Drop It Like It's Hot as my casket is lowered into the ground.
HaHa you're dead - Green Day 
Because the Cubs won the World Series this year, I had to change it. Up until then, I wanted [A Dying Cubs Fan's Last Request](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7xBxZGQ1dJk). Now I would like someone semi-proficient at the recorder to play the [Jurassic Park Theme Song](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D8zlUUrFK-M) (preferably for the entire wake). I hope it sounds something like [this](https://youtu.be/GI_P3UtZXAA?t=11).
Careless Whisper by George Michael
Pat metheny: last train home
Supper's Ready
At My Funeral. Crash Test Dummies. Give it a listen.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CooB1qVn1Us
Comfortably Numb
*Man In The Box* by Alice In Chains.
MURICA, fuck yeah, I'm going down a patriot
Rough Hands - Alexisonfire
If I Ever Leave This World Alive- Flogging Molly
I'm dead. I don't give a fuck. Play what makes you feel good 
Well  i have a promise with my best friend that she will sing a sad guitar version of our song at my funeral. Our song is motherlover from lonely island.
[This](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q3E7L_RoyTU)
Dust in the Wind or Spirit in the Sky
Yellow Ledbetter by Pearl Jam.Because that guitar.
I lived by One Republic 
I shall not walk alone - Ben Harper
Dance Magic! 
Hentai - Pink Guy
My dad wants us to play Time of My Life. I made sure to clarify that he would like the original and not the Black Eyed Peas. 
Dreaming Neon Black by Nevermore
Dead Man by Neil Young
Chariots of fire - Vangelis
Only the Good Die Young.Even if I die at 99, I want that song. 
STFU by filthyfrank 
No joke my friends dad died. He was a long time family friend that I'd known since Kindergarten. They decided to play his iPod at the funeral. His dad had really good taste in music, he was only 55. So we were waiting for the funeral to start, listening to the music. It was good stuff. AC/DC, Led Zepplin, Beatles, Queen. Good solid music, better than pipe organ stuff. Between each song there was a 5 second delay that was really noticeable.Right as the family starts walking out, everyone is silent, music is silent (a song had just ended, everyone crying. Then, I shit you not over the speakers, Kick It!!! blares out. It was the Beastie Boys, Fight for your Right to Party! Song. Total coincidence, wasn't planned. I know the lyrics so, I know it is going to get even more awkward than the coincidence. While family is sitting down, taking their seats, over the speakers we hear, your mom threw away your best porno mag! Everyone at the funeral starts laughing... audibly... then crying... then laughing again. It was awkward, funny, comforting and amazing all at the same time. The family was laughing, old people were shocked, it was awesome.When I go, I want my friends and family to have that. :-)
Bicycle Races by Queen.
Beyond the Sea - Bobby Darin
Empty Chairs At Empty TablesBut, tomorrow never came.
My actual plans: Attendees to my funeral reception will enter to the glorious sounds of the full album Highway To Hell By AC/DC. Once that album ends, the album The Black Parade by My Chemical Romance will play. Once that album ends, everyone will leave. Also the music will be ever so slightly too loud to talk over. 
That song from Titanic that the band plays while the ship is sinking. [Nearer My God to Thee](https://youtu.be/_SoU4qzZlcw). It makes my heart hurt.
Sweet mother sweet muther send your child unto me for the sins of the unworthy must be baptized in blood and fear
Either the walking dead theme song (to make my family laugh) or Cartmans mom song from South Park, again as an inside joke with my brother. 
If my family loves me even a little bit, [Runes to My Memory - Amon Amarth](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yqXdcZEL_DU)
This string ensemble piece I wrote in my undergraduate I've always wanted played at mine. https://m.soundcloud.com/acgage/vinayaka-in-concert
[A Link To The Past](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_aqUR0Y3dM0) ending song.
I've actually been assembling a list of songs for my eventual funeral.Amongst the songs on the list are such hits as:-Another One Bites the Dust-You Can't Always Get What You Want-I Will Survive-Highway to Hell-Thriller-Don't Fear The Reaper-Cold as Ice-Hell's Bells-Carry on my Wayward Son-Don't You Forget About Me-I Will Survive-Always Look On the Bright Side of LifeAnd many, many more!! 
Since I'm fairly religious, I'd like my service to include a funeral mass and some sort of hymn within it. Either Healer of Our Every ill, Be Not Afraid, I am the Bread of Life, or Here I am, Lord. Or any other hymn that moves me. 
This. https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=gw98ARXfcqk
Hell or Heaven by For All Those Sleeping ft. Jessica Ess. 
The Cha Cha Slide by DJ CasperFurthermore, my will shall require an exoskeleton to be made so my corpse can dance along 
Either Stairway to Heaven or Highway to Hell
I mainly go by Grace, since the majority of friends call me that so if I drown it's gonna be Drowning Grace, and will be pool party themed.  My brother's are in charge if the music Playlist my final request if i die is to play Who let the dogs out where a bunch of dogs get released into the crowd all puppies dammit .
Johnny Cash's version of Aloha oe.Not native Hawaiian, just born there.
Waltz in Ahttps://youtu.be/HJ4nQxXhyko
Adagio Sostenuto from Beethovens Hammerklavier. Breathtaking work.
Lynyrd Skynyrd - Free bird
Dress Sexy at my Funeral - Smog
Its a lovely instrumental piece not scheduled to be released until Fall 2347
Home at Last--Steely Dan
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=XUFfeTjuPeg
That'd be fucking amazing. If someone had to pull the plug on me, I'd want the sound it makes when Mario dies haha.
Isn't this from a Monty Python film?
That's kinda nice actually
This was at my cousins FIL funeral, he loved the movie and even ended up getting a tattoo; 'always look on he bright side' 
Everytime I see the name of the song with the band I think I'm having a stroke
I GET KNOCKED DOWN
Acoustic version sung by Will Forte?!? 
Some will be having parties thou.
Is this Bob Dylan? Ugh, I hate Bob Dylan.
 I love the Jeff Buckley version of that song
One time a pet died and my dad started the conversation by singing that song 
Hire a hit man to shoot a random guest every time the chorus comes around, after you wake up at your funeral at your faked death, and are gunned down first. 
LOOK AT THIS CORPSETHAT I JUST FOUNDWHEN I SAY GOSIX FEET BELOW
This is how you can tell your life has been a total waste.
Fitting enough, since you will become Rotten.
A dead meme for the dead person.It's not really a dead meme but it is for the joke.
I've always said that at my funeral reception I want this album and The Black Parade album by MCR to be played and when the albums are done everyone leaves.
Hey mama! Look at me! I'm on my way to the promised land...
Attach your body to a spring.
Full your dead body with fireworks 
Vera!What has become of you?
Set it to launch you out of the coffin right before they put you in the grave.
Take it a step further and hold it in an oversized elevator. Takes the edge off for people who want to stand around silently and leave abruptly.
You're the table?
Unrelated, but muzak isn't a word you hear in everyday vernacular. +1
So do I! Wicked was playing in my town these past two weeks - I saw it three times and the whole thing struck such a chord with me. Such a beautiful song. 
MCR: the greatest source of death/funeral songs since their death.
Beautiful. I enjoyed that. Thank you.
They play that beautifully.
I'd think Helena would be more fitting since it's actually about a funeral but to each his own
Many air keyboards will be present at the funeral. 
Damn, the suspence. 
My mom said I couldnt do this
Brilliant tune by a mega band 
DOLL... STEAK!!!!!!!
The extended version of the song is even better.
I concur, it fits the mood perfectly.
Ok... I will be there dancing under your body!
+1 on the Parting Glass. Just because it's such a damn good song. 
I don't know why honestly, but I like it! 
What a carcass, what a night.
John Fogerty's Centerfield.   Optimism and baseball and hope springing eternal.
> tetris song at 500%FTFY
Yes, Life of Brian! Fantastic movie
BUT I GET UP AGAIN
GO!BURY HIM NOT ME!UGH LETS BURY SOMETHING ELSE!
It'd be scary as hell to see a dead body flop out the fucking casket on a spring. That might actually give someone a heart attack.
Does anybody else in here feel the way I do?
Nope. But the anticipation of popping up would be awesome.
I'm in a coffee tin somewhere on a shelf. Dust in the wind some summer day.
Thank you. Also a soulful plea for peace in the everafter 
YOU ARE NEVER GONNA KEEP ME DO- oh wait
Then you'd have a buddy and you could both do it again. 
#BRING THE BOOOIIS BACK HOOOOME
I GEN OCKED OW
Hi 19 year old me, it's me, your 19 year old self. 
Stop masturbating. Seriously, stop. I'm trying to tell you about your future. 
Hey bud, living in the mini van is a GOOD choice. Don't doubt yourself. Quit reading 1984 and learn to surf, you're living on the beach. Screw that stripper with all the tatoo's. She really has a thing for you, you're not imagining it. Don't smoke that weed in Chicago right before your 20th birthday its laced and you'll get lost on the Pink line.
You WILL get laid.
Put the French fries down and pick up the curly fries instead. They're much better tasting. 
Hold on tight. The next two years are gonna be rough.
Try to stop doing drugs now. It will get less fun later.
Hello me in the future
You can stop having panic attacks about what you're going to do with your psychology degree someday. Someday is here, and you have an awesome job in your field with health benefits. Go you.
Stop being a fucking idiot you fuckstick 
Prepare to get fat. :D
college is exactly like high school and everyone lied. there's still homework and teachers will take attendance and it will count toward your grade. oh and those movies you never got to enjoy in high school because the teachers made you write papers? those exist too.
Dump your boyfriend now, save yourself several months of emotional abuse down the line.
Is it October or later? Don't tell anyone you are banging the chick you are currently banging, because that is the reason you and her break up. If it is Feb-Sept, tell myself that the chick you are dating is going to cheat on you after yall start getting serious.
You'll get over her
Care about your college GPA
Dear 19 year old me,You... or I will be 20 in a few weeks... Happy Birthday.Love you,Me
The numbers for the Megamillions lottery that takes place on my 20th birthday. 
Last year was your best year, we had some good times; but it's nothing but downhill from here on bud. Either make a change or finally do what's always been on your mind.
Did Half-Life 3 come out yet?
Ask out that girl in Italian lecture. She's actually into you too. 
Listen to twenty one pilots before they get popular. 
TAKE THE FUCKING JOB.
Wow I've traveled 5 years into the future. I look great with a beard
Invest in AAPL
You don't really like him. You just like the attention. There will be other, better guys. When he breaks up with you over the summer, don't get back together. You don't need him. You don't need to waste two and a half years with him, especially in college.
Money isn't everything.
[deleted]
fuck more. careless
It only gets lonelier from here.
Don't stop taking your meds. The next 5+ years is no way to live and is barely considered functioning, you stubborn ass. 
Not to settle, that I deserve better. I'm conflicted about it though.. because if I had left then I wouldn't have my 3 older children. Maybe I'd tell myself to prepare to leave longer..
Still letting people take advantage of you. You are allowed to have self respect.Or maybe I wouldn't. Lessons are best taught the hard s way. They stick with you better.My life is pretty fucking awesome as it is now, I wouldn't want to risk missing out on the trial and error, lessons learned and the person I am today on a gamble that a bit of advice MIGHT make my life better.
That boy SUCKS and he isn't worth your time! You'll find a nicer boy AND your calling in life soon! And remember to stay humble :)
I wish I could go back and tell that kids it's make believe, make him believe in himself
Transfer.
Hold on, it's gonna get a lot worse before it gets better. And the things you're focusing on now? They won't matter, so take your doubts a little more seriously even if it's hard to accept. 
you are not as attractive as the after-shower you think you are lol
Dad and your sister will stop fighting. It's going to take time to heal, and they'll probably never have the relationship that you do with him, but the lead ball is going to stop taking up space in your stomach every time you go home. Also, don't pack away your heels too soon, because even with icy weather you'll still need them. 
Shit's about to hit the fan 
Leave her now, she is a cheating whore!!!!
get a degree that is useful, not this shit BA in psych/soc
SAVE. YOUR MONEY.
Take advantage of these awesome opportunities that are presenting themselves to you. You won't have them forever.
Being alone is okay, in fact its better sometimes, get out there to the city have fun and be yourself. You're gonna meet some really great and interesting people
Do not marry him. The red flags are red for a reason!
Start thinking of something good to tell yourself 5 years from now when you get the opportunity to tell your 19 year old self something
Watch out! Don't be eager to have a girlfriend, there are more important things to do and be.
You better not have fucked this up in the two years between me telling you and you hearing it
Don't take an internship just because it pays decent, take one that is closer to what you actually want to do. 
Don't go through with it.
This pot head will never change. Leave, with the clothes on your back there's nothing worth saving. You're the best waitress ever, do that and go to school for engineering. Yes, I know what goes on in your fucked up head. Stop talking to Mom she fucks with all your dreams. Also she's dumb as bricks stop talking to her.  Don't try and marry your middle school sweet heart. Don't listen and you'll be a alone at 30, and hate peopleEdit: yes, visiting all fifty states IS a good idea, but leave the US once in awhile. Follow that don't talk to Mom line
[deleted]
What's it like in the future?
STOP DOING STUPID SHIT DAMMITAlso probably realize I couldn't have taken care of my sister like I tried to do. I should have put her in a nursing home and just spent every day I could with her.. And yaknow not dodge the draft, and figure out a better career path.  
Exercise more you soon to be much fatter fuck
Please get your fucking brain together and just be yourself and stop acting like you have your shit together when you're in the middle of finding yourself, it's fucking OKAY, it's okay to not know everything, justt BE YOURSELF!!!
Switch majors, everything I know in my job now, continue to cope with the stress of the career in a positive way 
Stick to the coding thing, you idiot fucktard party animal, you. 
Do whatever you have to do to pay for mental healthcare & don't get off your medications :(
Giiiiirl cool it with the drugs a bit. 
Break up with him before you spend another year and half confused as to why no matter what you do, you're not pulling out of the funk you're in. Its him. Stop making excuses.Also study more. I'm still feeling the effect of your D in Chemistry two years later.
Leave him now. It's all words and he's just a manipulative, abusive, rapist scumbag. Focus on school, and finish it. Spend more quality time with mom, she'll be gone in four years. 
Go to class.
Do not go to practice today even though you can still make half of it. The team will not matter after graduation..And you're gonna tear your ACL
I would tell my future self not to be a beta cuck
Don't break up with your sexy af gf. Yea she's a bit dumb sometimes, but so is every other girl out there.
Get some real help for your mental health. Sure, dealing with stress is a part of growing up, but you've got some real problems man, and half-heartily seeing a psychiatrist isn't gonna help you.
Break up with him now, you'll save a year and a half of misery. 
Do what you're told and go to University to continue Graphic Design and actually start a career you'd enjoy!! Don't give up on film making either... You'll come to regret dropping these things.
i'm not nineteen (i'm turning 16 this year)
Carry on, don't lose the focus. It is worth the effort.
like the song goes, enjoy yourself, its later than you think.
You know how the doctors are always saying diabetes will have a cure in 5 more years?Lol.
Happy 19th birthday, go to the pub and get a drink!
Exercise and Socialise more. 
I'm 16, so I'd probably ask him a few things first.
Hello, 19 year old me. It's your 15 year old self. How's my future?
Hi future me. Whats it like in 7 months?
Don't take this fucking $18k debt
She comes back.
How did you not commit suicide yet?
Work, save like 10k, get a mortgage that's like 25 years long, around 650-700$ a month, it would come to like 11k to get everything settled, then rent it out, enough where they are paying the mortgage, and I do not live there, but the other secret is, is to wait, and look for a house that is trying to sell quick, basically offer low, get a place for low so you make money on the buy, sell it afterward, make a clean 8k-15k after everything, and rinse-repeat. 
Get an internship.
Stop doing drugs. Don't cash in your 401k. Save your money for traveling, it'll be more memorable than epic nights at the clubs.
I'll be your age in a month and a half
That girl that works in your office... Y'know the one with the huuuge tits?She really was coming on to you, you stunned oblivious asshole.
Pick a better MOS.
Happy birthday!
SO. MANY. THINGS:Your boyfriend isn't ever going to be the man he says he will be. Break up with him now before it stunts your growth in your PRIME.You need to learn self discipline NOW and do the things necessary to materialize your goals. They are possible, but not if you keep thinking everything is in the future. EVERYTHING IS IN THE NOW. And live today like the best opportunity is coming for you tomorrow. CREATE ROUTINESSTART YOUR VLOG IDEA. IT'S GENIUS.GET OUT OF BEAUTY SCHOOL. But still become best friends with --------.Practice writing every day. Confidence is walking into a room & assuming everybody already likes you. Trust me, no one thinks about you (judges you) NEARLY the amount you assume they do.
Don't volunteer for Iraq. Go to college.
Start taking estrogen, also tell everyone Trump is a fucking moron
Do your Homework and Go to your 7:30 classes!They are important!Edit: And don't spend all your money on video games and fixing a stupid bicycle. Just buy a new bike!
Stop spending your damned money!
Oh my god girl do NOT date that boy
Quit being a fucking dinosaur and get a job. 
lose your fucking virginity already
Stop.
So, how was Spider-Man: Homecoming?Source: Still 18
Hey you! Don't blow that 13 grand. Get yourself a car and dump those losers. Seriously. Neither of them are a good choice. Also, get back on lexapro. 
Stay in college. Change your major, but don't just quit, otherwise you'll end up with a lackluster job. Also, don't blow that inheritance money you're gonna get in a few months, you douche.Seriously, if I could just go back and shake myself and say dude, what are you doing?!?
She's gonna break your heart.
Cubs and trump are gonna win. Bet atleast a million. And then go buy an island. Thx kbye
Hey you don't think so now, but your friend Justice turns out to be pretty much exactly right but for the wrong reasons.
Yo you're going to marry that guy you're dating.
I'm 18 now. I'd tell myself to go to the gym because if I'm not by the time I'm 19 then I failed my new years resolution
You did the right thing.
Do way less drugs and alcohol in the future please...
Dont take credit cards!Save money!!Dont skip 2 years of college!!!
Start working out you lazy bum.
Find a proper job and stop being such a useless knob. That was what my old man said and he was right. I'm now 56. Probably still a bit of a knob for different reasons though 
Hi 19 year old me, it's your 20 year old self here. 
Spend time with Dad, he'll be gone sooner than you think. You're actually pretty cool, you just don't fit in round here. Also, you look good, stop worrying.
It's not cool to be pretentious. If you know things that's fine but just leave it at that and don't try to show superiority over people because that's just twatty.But then I'm just 23 so what do I know. There are answers in this thread from 50+ year olds
Don't trust those bitches
Learn to code. Lose some weight, now.
Move on that blonde girl like a bitch, and she likes being grabbed by the pussy
Join the military now. Don't wait two years. Don't move to Orlando, that shit was a waste of time. Whatever you do, don't let her go. You'll regret it forever. 
upvoted because this is me as well lmao
Hey, this is me too!
As soon as I read the title I knew there was going to be some cheeky response from a 19 year old haha. 
This will be me in a month so, hello future me !
Me too, thanks.
Come again?
What the heck is your life.
Finish 1984 it's a good book. 
Also, your father's funeral is Wednesday, open casket. Strike while the iron is hot! 
Now me: You will get laid!Me: Really?!?Now Me: Yeah man, but is David Bowie has to die to make it happen. The sex will help the sadness.
Just another 5 years you gotta endure.
Agreed
How come?
I can relate to this. Did you ever end up stopping?
Time to get my Megadeth CDs out.
You had a psychology degree when you were 19?
Same, and I'm not even 19 yet
For your sake, I hope fat is the name of a puppy! 
Put the fork Down 19 year old me!
A comment that is brilliant in it's irony, yet pathetic in it's honesty.
Care about nailing slutty college co-eds.
Happy early birthday!
How did this turn out?
Make the change, might be easier than you think!
Seeing them live, and having that as my first concert experience, is definitely one of my favorite life moments.
Nah...
You're 14??
... But it's a lot, here's some stock tips and lottery #s.
I'd rather be sad in a mansion than a cardboard box.
I take for granted the legal drinking age in Canada being 19. Waiting till 21 while still in college/university would be brutal. 
How's life now?
Oh man, are things better now?
How's life now?
How are you now?
oh boy story time
Since you're younger, what do you hope your life will be like when you're 19?
Is it because of college?
Oh and move to Flagstaff & do acid.
No don't. It's horrible.
No no no. That's the OPPOSITE of what he's saying.
Right? I wasn't even sure what to ask here.
I did read it. Should have put the damn book down and got in the ocean. 
Because my 19th and 20th year were particularly tough.
I don't do drugs anymore. I used to do them all. It was just what ever was around. I quit everything for 8 years. I drink a bit now and smoked weed about 4 times a year.
Lars applauds you! 
It could have been an associates degree. I got my AAS in child development at 18. Alternatively, they could have been trying to plan a career path while still in school.
Well no changes have been made. So currently 19 year old me and 23 year old me have quite the lot in common.
A lot of people on this site are 14 source: I'm 14
Haha of course, I would pass those along as well.
Just at the 'things are starting to look up' stage. Long way to go for sure. But I can see what needs to be done to be content. 
I'm 30, been to every US state dozens of times over, lived in 9 states, 6 national parks, two serious bfs, engineering degree, still talk to my Mom, set up two friends with guys they're now marrying/married. I'm 30 single female in a new city with nobody. Nobody can relate since I've been everywhere and done every hobby imaginable. Oh, and officially today, all my friends are married or have dates set. To boot I have a rocking body with the biggest natural tits possible. Fucking great :) 
Thanks for the clarification, dipshit.
I dropped out of college and did the Kerouac thing. It turned out to be a great choice. However, I wish I had let loose even more than I did. Don't waste time being angsty, just have some fun man. You know?
I hope things are better for you now.
I feel bad for this, but a Mitch Hedberg joke just popped into my head: I used to do drugs. I still do, but I used to too! and that's how he died.
Sorry, bro, you're a total pussy.  I used to do all the drugs, too, but I still smoke weed about 7 times per year. 
>4 years laterIt's nothing but downhill from here
Get busy making positive changes. Don't let 19yr old become the same 45yr old. I waited that long. I'm still getting my life back at 48. I'm so much better now.
Sometimes I read a comment on reddit and it makes me feel very old. You're nearly 10 years younger than me.What are you even doing now? When I was 14 I was playing COD 2 and making WoW addons and masturbating and ignoring girls...
I believe in you, fellow Reddit user!
Where there's a joke that may be missed,u/tmickyd is here to make you pissed.
no :/
Eh, I don't know. I'm too nervous about the future to do anything risky tbh.
That was 36 years ago. Can't complain how things turned out.
I don't know if you're being sarcastic or genuinely suggesting that things don't get better after 23...
Thank you very much kind reddit user, much appreciated. 
You spelt your own name wrong, dumbass.  Way to go, bro!
You must be young, learn to code. I hear its the future.
Mate u must be like dinosaur old/s Didn't know reddit had people older than 29
I'm currently a CS major haha
/r/askoldpeople There are dozens of us.
**Attention! [Serious] Tag Notice*** Jokes, puns, and off-topic comments are not permitted in **any** comment, parent or child.* Parent comments that aren't from the target group will be removed, along with their child replies. * Report comments that violate these rules.Posts that have few relevant answers within the first hour, and posts that are not appropriate for the [Serious] tag will be removed. Consider doing an AMA request instead.Thanks for your cooperation and enjoy the discussion!*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
A couple years ago I was out of town for work. I bought a new hoodie at this brewery I visited and, when I brought it home, my GF saw it and assumed I got it for her. She immediately put it on and was overjoyed. She went on about how soft and comfy it was and how it was so cute I got it for her. I never had the heart to tell her I bought it fully expecting to keep it for myself. She wears it all the time and I love it. I'll never tell her. 
This doesn't happen that often but sometimes when we'd eat out, I can tell when my partner doesn't enjoy whatever it is he ordered. I usually give him a bite of my food and if he likes it, I lie and say that I don't really like it that much and offer to swap plates.
She doesn't know how much plasma I donate to keep our little household afloat.Being poor sucks.
Gave up garlic. She hates everything about it. Goodness, but how I LOVE garlic. 
I make sure to get in bed on her side and warm up the sheets/blankets when she's brushing her teeth before bed.  She really hates the cold, and particularly being cold in bed (note - live in Ohio, winters suck).  
I'm new to cooking so I'll try new things and 9 out of 10 times it's pretty good. A lot of times if I burn something I take it and give him the less or not burnt part. Also, if I didn't make that much I give him most all of it and eat a little or make me something else, he also gets the bigger piece of whatever I'm making. He prefers to stay home where I prefer to go out and do things so I usually decide not to go anywhere so I can spend more time with him. I watch him play ps4 or we watch shows he enjoys (I usually get into them) and I just watch my shows when he goes to sleep.It's small sacrifices and it doesn't usually bother me. I'm happy if he's happy
I turn down social engagements 50% of the time if they are on our day because he has severe social anxiety and he would implode. He would try to go for me then slowly meltdown. So I often say no and ask for a reschedule or just don't go and have never told him this.
I actually have one of these. When me and my wife started dating she was visiting me and bought some sour cream and onion Pringles for us to share. Being that it was a new relationship I shared them with her and thanked her for the chips.Now, 5 years later every time I go to the field for any amount of time she buys me a can of sour cream and onion Pringles because they're my favorite, just like when we were kids. I've never had the heart to tell her I hate them so much! 
Not exactly a sacrifice, but when I help her with her classes I always erase the whiteboard horizontally so that my butt wiggles. I like to think she enjoys it.
She really likes her space in bed and doesn't like touching for very long, if at all...I on the other hand am very needy and would love to cuddle close with her every night, I like nuzzling up against her and giving her kisses.    I never get to, though, because I just always give her her space and I've just given up on always asking to spoon. Sometimes I end up going out to sleep on the couch so she has more room to spread out (we share full-sized bed). I'll be honest, it makes me feel really lonely, but it feels better knowing that she's comfortable at least.   Edit: full-sized, not twin, my mistake
Not really a sacrifice, but when we first got married my husband would constantly forget to hang up his keys and then he wouldn't be able to find them the next day. So I always look where he sets his keys when he comes home from work and hang them up for him. I also leave him the last beer when we drink together.
Right now, he's insanely stressed by work, so I offered to let him use my computer to work this weekend (my computer is way, way better than the one he uses at work) so he can de stress and fix whatever didn't function right at work. I really, really wanted to play the sims 4 after my stressing 70h week of work, but I'll play another time, he needs it more. Plus I get to see him all weekend and take care of him while he works, so I'm happy too !
Well he was unaware of it for a few years till recently when I told him....my best friend of 12 years is who I gave up for my S.o. when him and I first got together she was still friends with my recent ex. Our relationship was what you would expect from high school sweethearts, but after high school sam never had ambitions or drive to grow up so it fizzled out. After meeting dave a few months after that we found this spark between us and instantly fell head over heels. My friend at the time though that because I started changing and making more adult decisions (aka not wanting to blow all my money on parties and pot) that it was dave demanding it. She then started inviting sam over when she would make plans with me so he would always conveniently be there. After the third time I decided to test her by making up problems that my dave and I were having and asking her opinion about it. She would always say I should leave and try to fix things with sam(even if I told her the problem was fighting over who takes the trash out). That's when I decided that she would not be joining me in the next chapter of my life and started to rip her out of it. 
He doesn't know that I'm working on getting a septoplasty before summer so that I stop snoring and he can sleep through the night again. I have a deviated septum but it doesn't really bother me that much, but apparently it makes me snore something fierce and he usually ends up moving to the couch in the middle of the night. The last thing I want to do is have surgery, but at least he'll get to sleep and I'll get a straight nose.
I don't have a SO anymore, but I could go on and on because he thinks I'm horrible right now, but for my own sake what I know I did for him:  1. During his first year as an administrator I would help him make the stupid food tray. Even made an overly elaborate one for his first when he didn't know how played up it had to be (they knew I made it and they were like, all we want is fruit and bagels. lol) 2. I would bring him food at his workplace when he was working weekends / nights and stressed out. 3. I did his stats module for grad school because he sucks at math. 4. when he was especially stressed out about a work problem, I would couch him through his thinking. He doesn't ever recall these, but I do because I had to sit in the bathtub while he sat on the toilet talking through a problem for an hour until he felt better. 5. I would put aside my feelings for his. When he would have a temper tantrum because he can't control his emotions, I wouldn't scream back and be like how dare you say fuck you1!?! and all that. I'll just be like it's okay, it's not a big deal. and let him apologize. (and repeat the tantrum in two weeks.) 6. Instead of running off to Columbia for a masters, teaching aboard, the Peace Corps like I wanted to, I stayed in the DC area so that he felt secure in our relationship. He always feared distance would tear us apart and/or I would fall in love with a colleague. So I essentially put aside my goals for our relationship. (I got into Columbia with a scholarship btw. I could have told kids I went to Ivy League. LOL Jk. My masters program was more highly rated than Columbia's but I always wanted to live elsewhere just for a year.) 7. When he freaked out about too much work, I would literally do his work for him. Excel spreadsheets- I would fix them, troubleshoot, I would file paper for him, fill forms out so he didn't have to stress out about it. And I didn't stress out about it because ... I don't stress out about work. lol. People stress me out, not work. 8. I would bake and cook for his colleagues to make sure that we were on their good sides. and I like baking anyways. Like I am an amazing baker and being accosted on the hall about an amazing cupcake, cookie, brownie your girl made, good feels bro. 9. My ex was vegan for 5 out of the seven years we were together. I would cook and share vegan meals with him without complaints because I actually don't think vegan food sucks, I just think fake meat sucks. I would never make him cook me meat or complain about the lack of meat because it is immature and childish. 10. When he was diagnosed with crohns, I cancelled subbing jobs so I could rush him to the hospital in the boonies with no GPS (a feat for me! I can't drive!) and stayed with him for 3-4 days while they did testing. 11. When he would repeatedly get these crohns attacks, I would continue to bring him to the ER and comfort him. 12. When he had to quit veganism so he wouldn't damage his GI tract, I gradually taught him how to pursue good food and to eat. Introduced him to various foods, how to cook them without shaming him. Once again, adapted my diet for his low fiber diet (this time I couldn't eat tofu, beans, kale, collards. lol I think this was harder for me than the veganism haha.) 13. One time he thought he had diabetes for some reason and I rushed out to get a blood sugar monitor knowing damn well he didn't have diabetes just to make him feel reassured and laugh it off. 14. His parents stress him out with their fighting so I would accompany him to visit them or during holidays they visited us and deal with them (they're very overbearing) to diffuse the situation. I only stopped when he allowed them to drag me and not stand up for me because I felt hurt that there was no one to defend me. 15. His dad would pull me away from planning (I teach and tutored) to make him a sandwich. Instead of bitching about it to cause my ex drama, I bit my tongue and made the sandwiches. Too bad my ex didn't defend me when they started bitching about me not cleaning his house (I had no equity or desire t live in) because wmen are supposed to clean while I worked 60 hour weeks and went to grad school at night. Nope. 16. When he was feeling self-loathing and low when trying out online dating, I encouraged him, I helped him clean up his profile and write what women want to see, gave me amazing pictures I took of him, and he still uses those very photos as profile photos lol. I helped him break mental barriers to tinder (he always bitched and was like OMGggg so terrible! dehumanizing! Yeah it is, but get past tinder it becomes real.) And he actually found his new girl who is so much better than me via tinder. And I suck. because I essentially helped him find his new girlfriend so he could be an emotional parasite on someone else. 17. Instead of partying all night and ignoring him when I solo traveled, I came back to my hotel almost every night to facetime him, mutual masturbation (I never dug it but I did it for him because it made him feel good), etc. to give him the affection/attention he constantly needed. I would spend too much time picking out postcards to send loving messages to him on my pan-euro trip to remind him that I wish he was there, how much I loved him, how much I wanted to share the experience with him. I could go on and on, but like 7 years is a long time and I was a pretty good, caring girlfriend. He thinks I gaslit him and I'm petty as hell because I call him out on his shit and don't let problems go until they're fixed. Like whatever man. It's in the past. Find someone who does appreciate you, doesn't take you for granted, and doesn't need to be told he's a good doggy every waking second (and promptly forgot you did that and need it again.) 
Wipe up his piss that he gets all over the toilet seat
If I cook, he gets the best plate. 
My ex-girlfriend hated the stink of smoke and I used to smoke a lot. So before meeting her, I used to run home, brush my teeth and change my clothes. Never told her I did this though. And obviously, I never smoked around her.
Last year I spent around 150 days away on work trips. I've got two kids and am married. My wife will comment saying that I spend all my time on *vacation*, where in reality I'm super depressed that I'm missing my children's childhoods. It makes me sad to know she views me in such a light.
I pay for her health insurance. I don't tell her because she doean't like me paying for things that she should. However, she simply couldn't afford it.
I let him sleep allll the time and walk about 10x slower and 10x shorter distances than I typically would, but pretend it's normal for me to dilly dally along. I'll sometimes act distracted or like i want to look at something silly like some plant we passed so we can take a break when walking so he doesn't have to be the reason we stop. He has a heart/lung condition and gets winded doing daily stuff...I used to be much more active, but we have too much fun spending time together doing less strenuous things. :) and I really don't want him to feel strained
Work jobs I don't enjoy to support them. Do shit that is difficult so they don't have to worry about doing it.Stuff like that. 
I began to wake up at 4 AM to be able to eat breakfast with my boyfriend and hang out in the hour before he leaves for work. As a night owl, it was tough, but it makes the few times our schedules align worth it.
I clean the inside of the refrigerator regularly - including the shelves, drawers and seals around the doors.Then I organize the contents of the fridge so that everything is easy to see and find.
[removed]
We save money for her to spend, not me. I have her and my kids and that's all I need which makes me feel happy and fulfilled. Also mushrooms. 
I have given up several college opportunities because it would impede me from visiting her. I'll never tell her because she will feel guilty 
I give her the good food, like if i burn something ill eat that bit, or even if one looks better. Fairly certain she notices when im eating a pile of char and shes eating normal food though.
I book the holidays and then we split the costs. She has no idea what flights actually cost.
Getting sober on my own, also never mentioning the mental hell l've gone/am going through, it'd break her, and l dont want that.
Raising my SO's child at 21 and dealing with custody battles and the likes. I love him, and I love the kid, and I knew this is what it was going to be like from day 1. However I just wish I maybe had more freedom at 21 to be young and carefree. 
I always feign being full and give him the last bite/serving of anything.Always give him the better looking plate or better cut of meat. Since we've had a kid I have slept in a total of one time in two years. I get up with our monster so he can sleep in, because I am a morning person and he is not (note: this does not mean I enjoy being screamed at first thing in the morning by a toddler, but I do it anyway).We always put the other person first and I think that's why our relationship works so well.
My girlfriend had celiac. For some reason. I told her I was trying to go Gluten free too because although I didn't have celiac, I thought there were health benefits. I totally made that up on the spot. Now we're married and I just kept it up, never eat gluten. Except at lunch I cheat alot on workdays. 
I'm dating a single mom and we've become very serious after four months. I spend a lot of time with her and spend nights at her place instead of mine very often because of her dog and child. I also do a lot of chores and do what I can to help with her kid and her friends -- doing things like assembling her chicken coop, helping her friends move, etc. I sometimes put my own chores and life aside (not that there is much besides work and laundry) for her and her family. I love her and I sincerely don't mind doing these things. I get satisfaction out of a lot of them. She is also generally appreciative and thanks me, and of course she does things for me. The sacrifice is just that I've suddenly gotten into a bit of a dad/husband role with a woman I haven't know that long. I feel like she takes it for granted a little bit or it's become expected.It would be enough for her to take me aside time to time and tell me she knows and sees all I do and that I will be a great husband and father and that she loves me for it every once in a while. 
When we are serving either breakfast, lunch or dinner, I will give my wife the best looking plate without saying anything. Either the one that has a little bit more, the better looking vegetables, the nicer cut fruit, and so on. 
I'm an extrovert married to an introvert. I don't go out as much anymore unless it's super small gatherings or parties where he knows as much people as I do.I miss just going out for the sake of going out with no serious agenda.
The big one is that I turned down a promotion to be able to move to a position closer to where they lives.On a smaller, but more insidious level, since they're from a wealthy family and both expect to be able to spend a lot when we go out, and also get upset when we don't go out, I budget heavily and buy cheap groceries/toiletries/etc to save up to be able to go out with them. 
During the last few years of my spouse's life, I was working part time as an IT consultant and engineer from my home office in addition to my full-time job, doing all the housework, writing part time, and also taking care of her. Even with our insurance, there was a lot of medical costs that our insurance did not cover. Luckily, I did all the finances. Early in our 25-year marriage, we had established a rule that none of us would work a second job. But as the medical bills mounted and mounted, with all the co-pays and specialists, all the lost time at work, medicines, and other costs that are not covered by insurance, it was pretty evident that we would go bankrupt in very short order. We would lose the house, have to move to a more affordable place very, very far away from work, and our life would take a serious backslide. Because she didn't really have a head for money nor was very good at math, she always thought things would, work out. She was always so optimistic that things would work out.She never knew I was the thing that worked out. All of the royalties from my books, the part-time job, and some extra money that I made in various windfalls like work bonuses and stuff. All of it went back into trying to pay off the bills. She had no idea that our medical bills were in the hundreds of dollars a month. And keep in mind, we *had* health insurance. This was just all the stuff that was tacked on. I would say at its peak, we were paying about $800-$900 out-of-pocket. One of her medicines was $400 a month alone. We were seriously in medical debt, paying minimum payments on credit cards that we had maxed out for all the emergencies that came up.But it wasn't enough. In the end she passed away from her condition (sarcoidosis). It will be three years since this March, and I am still getting that collectors looking for her for all of the medical bills that she wrapped up in her last week of life. I am not responsible for them, but they are tenacious, and the debt keeps getting traded so a new collector will start all over again. They have frozen my assets at times, sent a warrant for her to appear in court, and still occasionally try to contact me, despite the fact that I told him repeatedly that she is dead, and I can fax them the death certificate.The medical system in this country is seriously fucked up.
I rarely tell him how depressed i am because he has it worse and when i get depressed it makes him sad too and he's suicidal. So basically whenever i get depressed he starts talking about killing himself and i don't have the emotional energy for that all the time (especially if im already having an episode) so i just never tell him when im sad i just lay in bed and work it out on my own
Nice try honey
I offset my work time and stay up until 2am just so I can spend as much time as I can with her until she falls asleep at 10pm.  After 17+ years together, I perfected how to get 5 hours of sleep most nights to keep this going as much as possible.
She loves pizza, it's her favourite food. Me on the other hand I hate pizza, never liked it and never will like it but she doesn't know that. For the past year we've ate pizza together a lot, I order and pay for it since she loves it. Still to this day she doesn't know that I hate it, I do it to make her happy. 
I gave him the benefit of the doubt even when I knew he was being dishonest about certain things. I trusted he had a good reason to be secretive and believed the best of him. What kept me in the relationship despite this was that I was absolutely certain he loved me more than anything and wouldn't hurt me. he ended up fucking me over royally and shattering my world.  He was a middle aged man so there's no excuse.Not to sound like a chain letter, but if just one woman in the situation I was in reads this and starts to question everything, I'll feel better. It's okay to listen to your emotional instincts, but let your logical ones prevail
Always give her the end of stuff that I have that she likes and just say I'm not hungry or don't want anymore, like a cup of coffee or crisps or chips or whatever like that. Also generally in shops etc I'll order her food for her (shops like delis) as she's pretty anxious when it comes to things like that, even though I'm pretty anxious about it myself. There's some other small stuff too, like putting the books she needs for school in her bag when she's not paying attention or tidying up her room a bit too. Also currently staying up late until she gets back to phone call her, as she's going away on holidays for a week tomorrow and just wanna ask her about her day and how she is and stuff. Really tired but worth it because it'll make her smile :)
Sad that so much of this is women sacrificing for the guy in the relationship. Its a 2 way street...
I paid my x girlfriends father every month he would not try and contact her in any way. 
- If we have leftovers that I know he likes, I'll always save half for him- If I'm heading out for a bit, I wash the dishes so he has clean cups- He doesn't like Subway at all so I avoid suggesting it as an option. I wanna make sure he enjoys his food too or I can't enjoy mine- I hate seeing him down so I'll act like a doofus on purpose to try to get him to crack a smile or laugh
My SO gives up a lot of perks for me. I'm disabled and my income is horribly low. He's always been really understanding and paid for our dates and our outings. When we moved in together, he assumed 75 percent of the costs. He goes out of his way to provide for me and pick up the extras for my young son (like birthday presents). He treats his money as our money. That means that he doesn't have much disposable income for the newest tech or golf or beer. He never complains and he never makes me feel bad. I try to make sure he knows all the time how much I appreciate him.
This makes me sad, now I am sad, as I have no one to do any of this for me.
She drinks coffee daily, I do not. I am always the one to take care of the used grounds.Oh yeah, same with empty TP rolls. She places them on a cabinet in the bathroom, I have to take it from there.
I started playing world of warcraft for her despite not really enjoying it. I sink hours into them on my days off because I know how happy it makes her to spend time with me playing them. Honestly the more I play with her the better it gets so its not too bad of a sacrifice in the end.
Avoided eating pineapples because she said she was allergic to it. 
I think she caught on eventually, but when my ex would get up in the night to use the bathroom, I would slide over to her side of the bed to keep it warm.
We have two babies, 18 months and 5 months. My husband works super early and I work the night shift. I make sure both babies are tired and ready for a nap when my husband gets home from work so he can either nap with them or just have some time on his own to relax or play video games. It's a sacrifice because even though I work late I'm up with them super early, I use their first nap to get ready for work and make sure their second nap happens when he gets home. He deserves it, he's amazing. 
My soon to be former spouse has severe bipolar disorder. I spent almost a decade of my life taking care of everything for her. My sacrifices included: * Nearly flunking out of college when she had to be repeatedly institutionalized. * Quitting jobs because she couldn't stand to be alone for more than a few hours. * Never going out or making friends because of her social anxiety * Spent ungodly amounts of money on various hobbies that she would lose interest in after a week.I gained over a hundred pounds, went bald before 25, and suffered from a series of stress-related physical breakdowns. She was so wrapped up in her manic, paranoid little world to notice how bad the stress was effecting me. After finally getting away from her, I lost the weight, recovered physically, and am now a much happier person.  
Time I suppose, I spend a lot of time with his family (ugh) because he works from a garage on the family farm, I hate farming and making small talk about stuff but I love him and it's already been 9 years. Although just moved country so there'll be less of it, yessss.
The tv remote 
I always cook more for dinner than we can eat, so that he can bring some for work as a packed lunch.He always forgets to prepare packed lunches before leaving, and I dont want him to get a headache from low bloodsugar.
Time with friends. We have a network of together friends, work friends but solo friends are a different story. Her personality makes her believe that if she doesn't hear from someone every day or at least a few times a week they've abandoned her and she cuts them out. She's worried about texting first because she'd seem needy, and annoying so she rarely does. This is how she grew up, so her friend network personally is lower than she'd really like. I have work friends over on a normal basis, including my work BFF and work bitch. They aren't fans of texting during work unless it's about work and when they leave work it's hardly any time to sleep let alone chat, so she's really cool with them knowing they don't chat often by phone but come over once a week. What she doesn't know is I purposely make a large dinner and spend a ton of time in the kitchen away from everyone else so since everyone else has nothing else to talk about, she's the center of everyone's attention even through dinner. They are somewhat in on it, but she's hardly an idea. She's always so happy over it, and is in a good mood every time we have people over. 
I take the kids first thing in the am so she can sleep in.Also, I work from home and block 2 hours in my schedule so I can play with the kiddos outside. It helps them get their energy out and it gives her a break.
my happiness
I could have gone in on day one of what would later become a reasonably successful startup, I'm not talking Facebook here but enough to be earning a lot more than I am now.  But getting involved would have meant delaying finishing my PhD, and would have made it difficult to move country for her. In fairness while it sounded interesting when pitched to me that was like the third I'd been asked to join and the other two failed within a year.  I feel bad sometimes I see news about the company but who cares. Married and happy for three years now, she'll never know. 
I'd always save him a little bit of whatever I'm eating. Got some really good ice cream? Throw half in the freezer for him. 
My happiness.
I'm moving across the country, leaving my family and quitting my job for them. They act as if it's the most normal/easiest thing ever. 
My wife likes her steak rare. So do I. After grilling, I always give her the more rare steak, even though I want it.
When we eat out, I typically will order a tap water and maybe something cheaper for my meal so that she can have whatever she wants and I can still afford it.
My girlfriend is vegetarian so every time we eat out I order something vegetarian just incase she wants to steal a few bites.She also occasionally has nightmares that she doesnt remember but itll wake me up so I'll rub her back till shes not tense anymore.
I leave him alone!It's really hard sometimes. We just moved to a new city and I don't have any friends, so I'm super tempted to pester him all the time with chitchat and inane things. When he gets home from work he needs to just de-stress and play games and be alone for a while. So I resist the urge to pester him... mostly.He has no idea the internal struggle I go through every day letting him play HOTS unmolested for a few hours.
I work ridiculous hours. When we are going to do something on the weekend that will take most of a day or two, I will cram all those ridiculous hours into the week, which means sometimes forgoing all but 2-3 hours of sleep. (Sadly, if he cancels, this somehow makes me furious. Yes, I then have the weekend to do other things, but I have already made myself so tired that I just can only see how I sacrificed for five or more days to make it work, just to be disappointed or blown off. :( )
She has a pretty tight budget (we don't live together), and she doesn't want me paying for everything all the time. So I don't go to fancy restaurants or on expensive vacations nearly af often as I used to in previous relationships.On the plus side, I have a nice amount of money in my savings account now.
In my early 20's, I was working two jobs. I'd dropped out of college because I was on my own and couldn't get emancipated so that the only income that I had, that from my jobs, would be considered instead of adding my uninvolved parents' income. I was dating a girl from the part of town where famous people lived. She wasn't the wealthiest among them, but her college was paid for. She had multiple houses to pick from to live in for free. There was always a full refrigerator available to her. Her parents paid for any further education that she might want to pursue. Everyone had a car. She'd lived in Europe for two years. She generally expected to take at least one week long-ten day international vacation a year. I don't frown on her for having those things. It is nice to have those things. Her parents were their own kind of fucked up, but at the very least they never questioned the priority of providing for their children's security. They always had homes. They always had family outings to expensive places on blocks I rarely could afford to walk down. That's a good thing to do. If you can't keep your mental shit together, at least providing that sort of stability is admirable. Her parents did work hard for what they have, even if one of them came from the kind of money that Mayflower stock provides. I had been interning, in addition to the two jobs, and pursuing any employment I could find, often one of those two jobs, in the industry that interested me at the time. It was very frustrating, though, because that industry is hard to navigate when you're stuck working two jobs and don't have money to pursue the elbow rubbing and other necessities of pursuit. I was deeply depressed. I couldn't afford to eat a lot of times. I'd drink pint glasses of home made Cafe Bustello to stave off hunger and keep exhaustion from knocking me out. I would wear clothing and shoes until they fell apart. I allowed myself a once or twice a year trip to Goodwill to get clothing. I had a hard time keeping up with the rent. I was falling apart and there really wasn't anybody to help me. I honestly don't know why this chick went out with me. I don't know what her motivation was. I do know that I'm a pretty up front person. I always have been. I've put my cards right out on the table in every relationship I've ever been in before it becomes a relationship. Whatever she was seeing in me, it wasn't something that I was or had. Over time, I realized that the real me was something that she had distaste for. I think she might have had a sort of... storybook version of me constructed in her head that she thought she could goad, or shame, or seduce me into fulfilling. It was probably formed from an amalgam of previous relationships. I don't know.Anyway. Eventually she started bringing up going back to college. You'd be fan-*tas*-tic in an academic setting. she'd say. Oh, did I mention she comes from a family of academics? Yeah. Her parents are both high mucky mucks at certain colleges. Sometimes I wondered if she wasn't trying to reconstruct me into her father.I know I'd be good at academics. But I can't afford it. I can barely afford rent.Any resistance and she'd start nattering at me. I had loans. You know, I had a job when I was in college. Maybe your life isn't getting better because you aren't doing anything to improve it.She rode me. And the more she rode me, the more she'd ride me. To a point where I'd burst into tears asking her how she didn't understand that I didn't, and don't, have all the things she had to get her through college. If I stopped working, I stopped being able to pay rent. If I stopped being able to pay rent, I had better find a bridge because the weather gets rough in the city I lived in. None of it registered with her. None of it. I had loans. I worked part time at the campus coffee shop. I had rent to pay. I had a car payment to make. You can do all of these things. This is just a self fulfilling cycle that you're creating yourself.It just didn't stop. All I wanted was for the first person in a long time who seemed to treat me like a human being (I know) to accept me for who I am and participate in my life just as I wanted to provide those things. Eventually, I caved. I sent out applications and enrolled in a local community college with intention to transfer to a larger program. There's a whole subplot where I ended up not getting the financial aid I was garaunteed and had to go back to working two part time jobs while attending class full time. Now, I was over worked but making even less money. I was a wreck. I was constantly afraid. I didn't know what to do and I felt like there was nobody on my side. And I could tell that she was looking elsewhere if not outright cheating. By the end of the first semester, she broke up with me. So. That's a sacrifice she was unaware of. I tied myself to more than 50k of loans for the rest of my life so that she might start to treat me like a person again. And she never figured out just what that sacrifice meant. Epilogue: The week we broke up, we went to a small party at a mutual friend's house. The topic of conversation came to my return to college. I talked about how stressed out and afraid I was. GF started her usual I had loans. I had a part time job. I had blah blah blah, and the mutual friend chimed in.Yeah, but Jane, your father paid off your loans. And for the rest of your education. And he's going to pay for your grad school. And he bought you that car. And he paid the rent on the apartment you lived in. And he got you every job you've ever had. Including that cafe job.So. That explains that. I've had a good 8-10 relationships since then. They've almost all been with women from a higher caste than me. I'd date women from the same impoverishment that I came from but those women seem to prefer guys who will abuse them or to be waiting for Prince Valiant to come rescue them. I am neither of those things. And every women from higher castes always seems to have that complete absence of awareness of what it is like to grow up without an iota of what they take for granted. 
He works 14 to 16 hour shift graveyards and sleeps on average 4 hours. He watches our preschooler while I am at work and sleeps when our high schooler comes home. He is chronically sleep deprieved,so i take advantage and clean his truck or top it off with gas.  Sometimes he marvels at how long his tank has lasted because he doesn't realize I am filling it up for him. When he wakes up and the house is clean he thinks he got the kids to do their chores. He works hard for our family and I don't mind picking up after him.
I sacrifice sleep so she can get some quiet time. I'm going to school during the week and working 40 hours. My wife is at home with our 1 year old all day with which is nice but she rarely gets time for herself. So even though I get home from work between 1-2am I will set an alarm for 8am so I wake up before our daughter does. This allows me to make sure I have her breakfast ready by the time she gets up so my wife can lay in bed a little extra in the morning. Occasionally I'll not do this if it's a bad night and I'm not home until 3am but the extra little time in the morning keeps her sane. 
My SO has had a tough time the past few years. Without going too into it he's had bad luck with jobs and so we're broke.I got a steady job last year and have been building my savings. Due to me being stupid early in out relationship we have separate finances. He refuses to let me pay more than half our bills (most are in his name, I give him money and he pays bills).I've been quietly paying off his student loan an extra $50-$100 at a time. It's a joint loan, but it's linked to my account so I pay it monthly anyways. And I sneak extra groceries and small improvements into our home. It's not a lot, but he won't let me do more.
How much I've given up for him. Just because I didn't move 10 hours to be with him doesn't mean I didn't give up a lot for him. 
My savings. LDR for 3 years seeing each 2 months living in the opposite side of the same continent gets EXPENSIVE. 
So many. The ironic part is that he doesn't know about the vast majority of them, so he thinks I don't make sacrifices for him/us.
My SO and I were in a long distance relationship for 2 years and he finally moved up here for college. I really want to go to an art school 2 hours away, but that would mean doing a long distance relationship again. Instead I'm staying close to home and going to go to a local art college. Both schools are wonderful and have equally good programs so I guess it's not really a sacrifice, but it would be nice to be away from home. 
He's my ex, really, but I owe him a great deal. So I keep living. I'll never find a way to pay off my debt otherwise, and who would take care of the cats? 
I feel uncomfortable holding hands in public, especially if she is leading me but I know she absolutely loves it so I don't say anything.
I take our son out a lot to do things like watch airplanes land and take off, go to the dog park, or even just take him with me to the store. My husband never does. He's a good dad and does things with our son, but always at home. But man I wish he would leave the house more with him and give me some quiet time alone at home. He's done it a couple of times but I pretty much forced him too and he got the message at the time, but still won't do it on his own. It's a lot of work going out and about with a toddler in diapers still and prone to tantrums.
I take care of all the cooking, cleaning, and parenting so he can properly de-stress from work despite the fact we both work full time. I've not slept in since the kiddo was born 3 years ago. He is blissfully ignorant to the amount of energy I expend on this but it keeps him happy (mostly).
Not having one so I can't disappoint them.
I gave up a lot of things I enjoyed so my wife would still be able to spend an hour every morning getting ready for the day. I give up sleep every morning so I can be up with the baby. When she wants to nap I watch our daughter. The other day she dropped the bombyou never do anything. I mean I could do a lot more but losing sleep and hobbies is a big thing to me, and it's all to ensure you get to continue to do things exactly the same as before our daughter came, babe.
My wife always complains that I stay up too late on work nights. She thinks I'm just playing games or on Reddit but really it's because my kid (1.5yo) gets up between 11 and 12 and I fill her sippy cup and get her back to sleep so my wife doesn't have to get up since she works earlier than me. I only get about 5 hours of sleep most nights
When I was with my ex, we were in a long-distance relationship, and he was really flaky about being available to talk at certain times, so I would spend a lot of time waiting for him to come online. And towards the end he complained that I wasn't talking to him enough...When I went to visit him, he found a (shitty) bike for me to borrow, and I used it to travel with him despite not having biked in years because he didn't have any other way to get around. Then he criticized me for getting winded from biking and subsequently following him up 7 flights of stairs.On a different visit, walked back to his parents' house from the zoo in 100+ degree weather because he didn't like asking his parents for rides and didn't drive.Another visit to his parents' place, I made a mistake about the time of my flight home (I thought my google calendar was set to central time, but it wasn't), so we had to leave earlier than we'd planned. His mother offered to drive us to the airport because it'd be quicker, but he refused because he didn't like relying on his mother. I almost missed my flight and had to run across the airport and I have asthma.The fact that I still let him talk to me, even though it's emotionally exhausting for me. Part of it is me wanting closure (i.e. wanting him to realize what a jerk he was), but part of it is that I'd feel guilty cutting him off even though I have every right to./rant. Sorry I'm bitter.
Loooots, I can't say certain words because she doesn't like them, no matter how common they are she'll get kinda pissed or upset. It's such a chore.If ever i'm talking to her online she refuses to let me say goodbye and gets teary and upset unless she gets completely ready for bed. This can take hours. even if i have work the next day i'll end up awake until 4am trying to get her to say goodbye.I have to constantly coax her to move forward on anything.She constantly send me links on long long topics and wants me to read them all even if she herself hasn't read it.If we're to go somewhere or do anything, whether there's a specific time schedule to meet or not she'll take several hours beyond that to be ready.She's refuses to watch anything she's not in the mood for or has a feeling she won't like, the result is that when I'm with her I can't watch anything I would want to. If there's the hint that there might be any squeemishy violence it's out of the question.She gets politically outraged at eeeeverything and if I say i'm not interested she'll keep talking about it relentlessly and then get super upset that I said I don't care so it must mean I don't care about a part of her. If i do care and have a differing opinion she will get upset.She refuses to change any part of her and will search google for a condition that could be comorbid with autism that can explain that part of her, layering condition upon condition no matter how unlikely or a stretch it is.My time with her is a series of tasks she doesn't want to do herself. If ever I get a little stubborn she'll cry. If ever i expect the same from her for the smallest of tasks she'll refuse or cry or find a reason not to do it.Her room is terrifyingly full of stuff that would have to come with her if we moved in together. In talks about this she won't make any accomadations and insists shelves and storage boxes will take care of this. This and much much more.tldr: sacrifice time and patience I thought was endless and a degree of sanity.
I live in a crappy rural town up north. Its cold, grey, culture-less and terrible. But when he comes home from work, I forget it all.
I talk less about my day so she can talk more about hers.
Well, before we split up, she mentioned to me that she didn't like people who swore so I kept my language safe around her.I'm like a sailor around my friends
We've only been seriously dating for about 6 months, but when we first started getting serious, I had said that I may be getting put on a project that would send me out of the state for the entirety of the project (around 18 months). If I went, the company would've covered my entire cost of living there as well as a bonus $150 on my pay each week. When I told her about it, we discussed it and she mentioned how she absolutely couldn't do long distance. Even if I came home on weekends, which I absolutely could. We would discuss it every week or so and I would lie and say that they were still debating on what would happen and whether or not I would be the one to go, when in fact I was being pushed by my superiors to go. They wanted me there. At the beginning of this year, I was told that I would more than likely be let go if I couldn't take it. I was brought in on my birthday and told they no longer had a position for me in the company. Shitty coincidence it was on my birthday, but it happens. I just got a better job with a competing company, but the month I spent unemployed, we were lying to our friends saying I was being bought out by other companies, and I was lying to her saying that I'd been laid off due to a lack of projects needing my job title. I don't know if I'll ever tell her that I passed up on a huge project because this girl is honestly the best thing I've ever experienced and she's worth more than an extra $150 a week. 
not really sacrifices, but overcoming fears i have for her or her kids.one time her older son asked if i would ride a rollercoaster with him. i'm deathly afraid of them, but put on a brave face and emphatically answered, sure! we rode it, he loved it, i pretended i didn't die a little on the inside. she was happy we enjoyed that together.i can't swim, but i got into a pool with her younger son to try to teach him not to be afraid of the water. i almost drowned several times as a kid, and subsequently never learned how to swim afterward without having some slight ptsd. went underwater, held my breath, and so on for the kid. he got a bit over his fear that day.
As much as you may want to help someone, they are not your responsibility. I've been in the kind of relationship you're describing before, and it's a different way you see yourself, relationships, and the world.  But you are not their keeper, especially when they treat you like that
I don't know. His nose is crooked from a break early in life. He's recently gained weight. It could be any number of things. And no; he's not willing to take any kind of action except to complain that I don't sleep with him. But I will divorce him before I sacrifice a life's worth of good night's sleep. So we will remain in separate rooms. 
My SO does most of the household cores because I'm mentally ill and struggling right now.I give up almost my entire pay check to pay for our household. I also do almost all of the cat related things. Including vet bills, feeding, scoop the box, buy cat food/litter/toys/cat tree, etc. I make $700 a month...
Fake orgasms. :(
I lie about their existence 
I clean everything but the dishes one she finishes college we are so getting a person to clean and she is going to have to pay from her part of the money.
She says really stupid shit sometimes and I want to call her on it, but she would get really upset.  Honestly if I called her out on 1 thing at this point I don't think I'd be able to stop myself.  I'd bring up anything stupid I can remember her saying and we'd probably break up.  I'm in too deep.
I do not have sex with all the girls that throw themselves at me while at work. Seriously. You'd be surprised how often girls offer sex or sexual favours for better grades or for extra tutoring help.
That I stopped seeing a girl that cooked for me, cleaned for me, bought me everything I wanted, took me to movies, amusement parks, etc. and gave BJ's on demand, just to be with my SOI wasn't even dating this bitch, she just had an ber crush on me bordering on obsession and I just kinda stepped back and let it roll, hell I wasn't even nice to her. It was a pretty sweet setup, and if I ever wanted to she would probably come back into my life at the drop of a hat. Yes I'm a terrible person and I'm okay with that.
So just tell her you're envious of how much she gets to enjoy it and that you're buying one online so you two can be twinsies. She'll think it's cute and you can enjoy one for yourself.
That shits cute right there dude.
Aww you're SO  sweet to not tell her. I was in the opposite position. Usually, bf and I get two of something if it's useful for each of us...it's just more fun that way we each have one and kind of match. Well...for like 8 months I would randomly mention how I had bought a 2 pack of 1TB flash drives to use for sharing music with friends and it's bothered me ever since that I now have zero flash drives to use because everyone keeps them. I forget/can't really afford to re purchase them so it just crosses my mind sometimes.He bought two 2TB USB flash drives on ebay and showed me like look I got a 2 pack of flash drives! i was like oh hell yeah, awesome! I thought he got one for me and one him (so we can use them in our car stereos and share music). He goes on to say yeah I got one for my computer and one for music for my car!. I was like nice, that's awesome and went and got myself a beer and back to reddit for feeling like an entitled bitch lol.I hope he doesn't know I thought he was being thoughtful lol. I think i played it off okay. He generally is super thoughtful it just made me feel like a huge bitch for some reason, so I hope he didn't realize I misunderstood haha.
Maybe the world isn't such a bad place. 
U are too adorable. She is a lucky girl
That's fucking impossible for me, because I'm 3 sizes bigger than my wife. So.... way to be midgets I guess. 
Wow, what a *-/&@.
Seriously, bringing joy to someone else is hardly a sacrifice.If this is the worst you've had to give up marry her now.
Awww that's so cute 
Sweet but you need to equal it out.We order a meal each and then share half of all of it when it comes. Get to try two meals at once but still have our first choice.
My boyfriend has a much bigger appetite than I do so when we go out, I usually let him have half of my food + any bread that comes with it. I don't mind lol and he loves it
That's really nice of you to do for him but I seriously hate going out to eat with people who order poorly at restaurants and then inevitably don't enjoy their meals. Like we're at a diner, oh better order lobster and look sadly at my pancakes until I offer to share. 
My most recent ex had a health issue she was born with that essentially meant she couldn't eat things high in protein (no meats, etc.  She could cheat sometimes with cheese and nuts.  But that was the extent of it.  Even too much bread was bad.)  Whenever we went out somewhere I would almost always order something the she could eat too so that we could share and compare the tastes, etc.  She always told me to order whatever I wanted, and that she had no problem with me eating meat.  But I just wanted to have more to talk about.  We would usually switch off paying too and so the leftovers would be left with the person who bought it (not always, but most of the time).  It was such a small thing but I just wanted her to maybe sorta know that I was in this with her.  She knew I loved meat though, and first one of my birthdays she cooked me the best, largest steak I have ever had (her uncle owns a great meat distribution company and her dad knows his shit about steaks).  I miss her :/
This is so sweet wth. 
The better answer is to offer to split it. I can't stand the idea of my GF being deprived of the better part of the meal.
I do that all the time with everything. If he asks for juice from the kitchen and I realize we have 2 flavors, I'll get a glass of each then tell him to choose and I'll drink the other one.If we're bringing in groceries, I'll spot the heaviest bag and carry it.If I notice there's only 1 piece of cheese left in the fridge, I won't eat it because I know he'll want to eat it.
Why not explain your financial situation and ask her to help out? I mean if you're in a relationship you're supposed to work as a team. 
Do.. Do you make alot? 
Indeed it does. I'm donating again but last time I was donating I got really sick, like flu sick. I swore off it because I felt so bad, and its a risk.  .I'm a lil down on my luck so I am donating until I find a suitable job, really hoping I can continue without getting sick.  I make 60  a week but its not worth feeling like death .....
Doesn't donate imply giving for free?
I'm sorry. I heard it's a painful process
That's how we managed to have any extra money to squeeze by while my husband was in grad school. We both have scars from it. 
People pay you for plasma? 
Garlic is delicious and so good for you.. I'm sorry to hear that 
Jesus man, do you owe her a life debt or something?
[removed]
That must be SOME S.O.
Dude I think you're dating a vampire
That would be an actual deal breaker for me.
Same but it's onions.
I hate garlic in any dish, but somehow I just loovveee Garlic sauce! 
If you eat some parsley after you've eaten garlic, the taste and smell will disappear immediately. 
Does your girl avoid mirrors and only likes to be outside at night? 
My husband gets really red in the face and bad indigestion if he eats garlic. He loves the taste, but it makes him so sick. Fresh garlic, even cooked, hurts him. He does okay with a small amount of garlic powder to flavor stuff, but that is it. I do my best to make food tasty for him without it. 
Honestly garlic bread is a huge factor in deciding relationships for me. 
I bet marrying a vampire is worth it in the bedroom though, huh?
Get electric bedsheets - best investment we made in a long time!
Ohio winters suck? Come to Canada.
Where in Ohio?? I recently moved here 
Winters do suck in Ohio. When it's <=10 degrees like a couple days ago. Not so bad when it's ~60 like today
Ohio weather patterns change each year. No different year has weather like the other.
That is very sweet of you but do not forget about balance. One of my biggest regrets is wasting time with a man who didn't understand that it's give and take, not give or take. Edit: a word
From a fellow homebody, I usually don't mind going out and most of the time I'm willing, but someone has to take initiative--also spontaneity is a wildcard if I had made plans (even if it's only in my head).
Remember to do things for you as well... you're sweet but I hope he sacrifices things for you as well!
That's sweet! I always do this with food! It's the way my gramma taught me - she's a classic catholic feeder and definitely passed that trait on to me. I'll always make sure his portion has a little extra of the good stuff too (prawns, bacon, cheese, avocado or whatever) and make sure it looks good on the plate. It's partly out of love, and partly out of pride in what I've cooked.
As I read this I can almost hear you plotting your passive aggressive punishments for when he fucks up.
You dont even know how I love you, because I love these types of women. Be like this please, even when someone broke you heart( I really hope noone will do that). You are awesome
You are a catch. 
Just curious, but how did a guy with severe social anxiety ask you out?
I'm the opposite side if this where she likes going out and I get super anxious about it. I go anyway and internally flip shit. I do it because I love her though and don't want to keep her cooped up.
This took a hard left 
Maybe just tell her? We had friends that had known each other since they were toddlers, started dating in middle school, and got married. They ordered hamburger pizza for twenty years, each thinking that the other loved it, until they figured out that neither cared for it and both thought they were being nice.
Here's how you get out of it.  Go grocery shopping.  Buy a different kind of Pringles. Rave about how much you love these,  even more than your old favorite. 
Semper Fi onion Pringles.
Awww. It's the little things:)
That sounds kinda sad for you. You sure your happy?
> Sometimes I end up going out to sleep on the couch so she has more room to spread out **(we share a twin bed)**For two adult people a twin bed is tiny! It's pretty much impossible to sleep side by side on a twin mattress. Why not get a bigger bed? A full or queen size bed would solve this issue. Are you in a college dorm or something?
My boyfriend is also very cuddly and I'm not, at least when I'm sleeping. He wakes me up with kisses and snuggles which is sweet but I can only handle so much. That said, it always makes me smile when he does. 
Aww. My boyfriend likes to cuddle a lot and and I feel so bad when I have to say I feel crammed or I'm too hot but he never gets all sour like some of my past partners so it's good. I should make an effort to do it more often because it won't kill me.
This is my relationship. We compromise by cuddling until I fall asleep and then he turns around to sleep in his space. Maybe try that 
I totally recommend a King Size bed once you have the money for it.My partner and I both like our space and my old Queen bed still felt like we were fighting for space. The king is like sleeping in your own bed but with someone else in their own bed connected to yours. Plus all you have to do is roll over a couple of times when you feel like getting closer.
I'm this person. I don't like being snuggled or touched when I sleep. My husband is like you and would rather cuddle next to me. I toss and turn a lot and my limbs fall asleep really easily so I need my space. I feel bad for him, I truly do, but I just can't. At least in my situation we have a king sized bed and there is ample space. Hang in there.  
Reminds me of my ex who always wanted to cuddle when I was overheated and wanted to sleep. Good for you for respecting her need for space. (I'm not bitter at all.)
Hey -- I was just like your girlfriend and my SO is like you. It took me a LONG time to realize that his love language is touch (whereas mine is words) and so what was happening was, I thought well, I like words, so he must like them too. That's good enough. Just tell him I love him and that he's handsome and all that, it'll be fine. I eventually came to the realization that it wasn't fine. We've lived together for 6 years and didn't even sleep in THE SAME BED until last year. Yeah, I was incredibly oblivious to his needs. Now I'm actively trying to be more affectionate physically with him, even though it's not my language and doesn't come very naturally to me. Your GF just needs to come to the same realization. I hope she does, but you might try mentioning it to her if she doesn't. Best of luck.Edit: I want to clarify that the bed situation wasn't because I didn't WANT to be close to him -- I just wanted my own space and don't really like cuddling (similar to your GF.) After I realized he needs the closeness, we started sharing a bed, and I honestly love it.
I married a person like that so now i feel like telling you that i really hope you will settle with some other kind of person in a future. Based on my life i claim you two are not compatible and it will make you unhappy. She will not be bothered.  
My husband does the key thing too, so I made a place for keys out of an old picture frame and some Command hooks. Hung it next to the door and he was delighted! 
I may need some names dropped to get this straight
I'm glad that you met someone who pushed you to become a better more responsible person, but this doesn't sound like a sacrifice. Your friend was dragging you down and was probably insecure that your life started to improve. If anything, it was more for yourself than your new boyfriend. Not to say it was the wrong decision.
I know numerous people who have had that surgery, and they said quality of life was much better afterwards
You just dont notice it, i had the same thing and breatjing feels so different after
I wish my husband would do this for me. As it is, we sleep in separate rooms. 
You deserve many pizzas. And a trophy.Coming from someone who was once 'this guy'. ...Although, not quite as badly...
Been there. Ended up getting my masters and teaching abroad after I left him, never looked back, ended up with a guy who's perfect for me, and I'm so much happier. So glad you're finally free. 
You deserve a hug lol. <3
> but I could go on and onproceeds to give a 17 point list
Holy. Shit. 
> When he was feeling self-loathing and low when trying out online dating, I encouraged him, I helped him clean up his profile and write what women want to see, gave me amazing pictures I took of him, and he still uses those very photos as profile photos lol. I helped him break mental barriers to tinder (he always bitched and was like OMGggg so terrible! dehumanizing! Yeah it is, but get past tinder it becomes real.) And he actually found his new girl who is so much better than me via tinder. And I suck. because I essentially helped him find his new girlfriend so he could be an emotional parasite on someone else.WHY?!
Are you ok?
Here's an internethug for you! 
Holy fuck this sounds like shit I would do for my ex, but this is some other level I've got so much respect for you. Im so glad you're out of there, you deserve someone who cares for you as much as you care for them.
Jesus Christ on a bike, you have more patience than I thought possible. You'd best be washing your hands of this manchild and following your dreams. 
Were you codependent? 
I'm a guy and I know this so much.  Did so much for her like dropping everything in my life to move to California to get closer (she lived in Vegas and worked together for years, but moved to her family).  Listened to her rants about her shitty be she was with at the time and consoled her.  Talked her out of giving up on everything after the breakup, was there for her giving empathy when she needed it, and kept her in a good mood after what her family (family didn't support her much in anything).When we got together, she was going to move back already and I was ok with the long distance relationship, but she was pretty skeptical.  Always thinking girls would try to take me away from her.  That they would take my kindness as flirting, hit on me, and try to seduce me since she wasn't in town.  I stayed loyal to her, turning down women that would come on to me even a threesome, I was 21 at the time with 2 beautiful girls.  Got so much shit for that one by everyone who was there, but I could honestly say I loved her enough to not hurt her like that).When I finally decided to move for her, her family that were adults were against me the entire time, even though they said it was ok for me to be there.  We ended up staying with her mother, who was far from a role model type, since that was our only option.  I bought food for the apartment, cleaned after everyone, looked for work, helped her sister with homework, and dealt with her mother's aggression toward me.  Telling me that I was useless right in front of her and stepped on me constantly, physically and metaphorically.  How I used her daughter to get away from my shitty life (made great money and a supportive family) and was emotionally manipulative to everyone (I'm just really nice).  About 3-4 weeks after the move, her mother started to kick me out of the apartment when my ex was out at work, even in the rain.  Never told her about it, since I wanted to try and make it work, but when she found out, she got into a huge fight with her mother trying to defend me.  Her mother made up stories of us arguing and whatnot, to the point where I started to ignore it, but eventually she had enough of it where my ex would rather have a toxic family than me supporting her through everything she wants to do.  I made her lunch everyday, did her laundry when she was tired, woke her up for work, the whole nine yards and was just thrown aside the next day.  I went back to Vegas to find out she's taking shit about me on social media.  People were calling her out since they know me very well, but she kept at it.  I never said anything back, just letting her dig her own grave.    I may have not gone that long into it like you did, but I know the feel.  Maybe it's because it happened a couple months ago that I felt like I needed to vent it out again when I read your comment.  Doesn't matter but I actually felt better typing it out again.  I ended up bouncing back, going into IT now and back to working 2 part time jobs as well.  She still talks about having a broken heart, but I just tell people the same story whenever they ask about what happened.  Her story changes every so often, so people get skeptical about her side now.  Things are looking up, and I'm really happy about that
Looks like you forgot to put the toilet seat up again.
No joke, totally do this for my husband haha. 
That's true love right there
I always do this, but it's selfish because i want them to think im a good cook.. >: )
Trust me she knew, or at least thought you hung around smokers
Damn dude, good on you for making the effort. I'm sure she appreciated it. 
From all the SOs of smokers, *thank you*
Dude, I guarantee she understood the effort you put in and appreciated it! My boyfriend is on and off cigarettes, but he's always been really thorough about brushing his teeth and soaping the crap out of his whole beard and hands. I've never said anything but I've always thought it was really sweet. The amount of thoughtfulness involved pretty much counteracts the grossness of whatever smell still lingers.
Tell her! Understanding doesn't come from nowhere. 
Have you thought about changing positions or finding a job that doesn't involved traveling so much? You can make money and travel for work when your kids are grown, but you can never get back the parts of their childhood that you'll miss by being gone so much now. 
I used to be naive and though my dad would have time to do some sight seeing while on business trips...In september I went on my first travel with work...Nope, it is misserable, stressful and lonely.Just five days in London completely changed my mind.I love traveling, but damn business trips sucks
How do you pay for her insurance without her knowing? Did you secretly purchase her a policy or something? 
You are an angel amongst us.
That is so sweet of you
whay about sex?
Way to go, for real.
You're awesome! I did this too. Bf would have to be up at 4 and I didn't have to until 8, but I'd get up from 4 to 5 to help him gather a lunch and cuddle for a little. Then I'd put on Netflix and try to not miss him haha.
That... That doesn't sound that bad.
[removed]
+1 for shrooms 
That's very sweet. But I would never ever want my boyfriend to do this. You only have one life and you deserve to be everything you're capable of being. I'd end up feeling guilty and worse, in debt to him.
Yep I really wouldn't do that
I wouldn't do this. No matter how much you love her, it WILL cause resentment down the line, which will eventually damage your relationship.Also, what if you two break up later on? You've given up so much for nothing.
Please don't do this. I didn't want to leave for grad school across the country because I was in love. turns out he was lying to me the entire time. Don't sacrifice your dreams. Relationships are never guaranteed, no matter what everyone likes to believe
Please consider taking one. I don't know if you're a traditional age like 17/18 for college, but if you are, people change so much in the next few years. What if you break up? What if you both change and no longer want the same things? She wouldn't want you to miss out on college, or at least she shouldn't. 
This is so often a mistake
If it ends you are going to hate yourself.
But she must have some sense if you split the costs...?
You should be able to get support from your S/O :(
I hope you have other people you can get support from.
As a sober person I don't know anyone who stayed sober for the long term who's SO didn't support them fully.
21 and raising someone else's kid. That takes a special person
Damn im 20 and can't imagine raising a child. good luck to you. 
I'm probably going to be in the same boat soon - same age and all. Hugs to you <3 
You should ask him this weekend if he could wake up a little early and take care of the child for the morning. I'm not a morning person but I still would be happy to do that if my SO asked.
I started to read that and was thinking what you are doing for her is not really any kind of scrifice,  but just normal stuff that one does in a relationship.  Then I got to the part where you say you'd lover some thanking etc and yeah I agree it ..again I think in a decent relationship it should happen.  Now... I'm a kind of woman who would totally behave like your girlfriend does which looks like she's taking you for granted... so I feel like telling you why I would (can't guarantee your gf is like that for same reason as me, I'm wierd). So I would feel so natural in this relationship and all you're doing without complain would just confirm ( to me) that it occurs naturally. I would be like why should anyone not to be a perfect boy-friend...well, of course onlypariah1 is going to be amazing husband. It's just that I expect people to be great...because my family was like that ...or whatever other reason. I actually don't think people need to be praised when they are behaving well. And when they are not that's why I'm  surprised shocked and I would express my feelings it is causing.  I am NOT saying this is the right way to be.  I am just saying this is IN FACT the way I act. Most definitely you should tell your girlfriend how you feel. She just stupid.  Won't show you apreciation till she lost you.  Comunication, man. 
I do this too with my fiancee, although she prefers smaller meals than me but I give her the best parts.Especially with poached eggs. We both like them runny, but when you're cooking 4 at a time you inevitably get them at different consistencies but I always give the best 2 to her.
My husband is more extroverted than I am, so sometimes he'll go out without me, and I'm glad he does! Why not give that a try?
Both expect...Are you poly? It seems like I may be heading down that route...can I ask how it's working out for you? 
I'm so sorry for your loss. It makes me so angry that you had to work extra jobs instead of having more downtime to spend with her. It is grossly unfair. 
This... This isn't a sacrifice you should be making. You deserve to be with someone who doesn't turn your problems into something about them. You deserve a partner who can support you as well as you supporting them.Please see about finding a therapist for both of you (separately). You both deserve lives as unrestricted by depression as possible and it sounds like both of you need trained assistance getting there.Best of luck to both of you.
I went through this same thing with my last ex... whether or not he means for it to be this way, this is called emotional abuse. The healthiest thing I did for myself was separate myself from him on all fronts and get help for myself. 
It does sound like emotional abuse, I had an ex that did something similar, it didn't end up working out. I learned that I had to take care of myself especially since I didn't even have him to help me. 
Just to add some repetition to this business, this is a major red flag of emotional abuse. It would be a good idea for you to spend some time researching the different ways that emotional abuse can manifest and reflecting on how healthy your relationship is.A relationship where you feel you cannot express your feelings is not a healthy one.
It might just be that it's the sort of thread that women like to reply to.
Did you just assume their gender? 
I can do these things for you! Where are you?
as somebody who's done some relationships augmented by/through mmos - don't be afraid to speak up about things you *do* like, too. it may be that now both of you know mmos thru WoW, you can find an mmo that does more of the things you like, and also has lots of stuff she likes, too. take some time to sample the different aspects of WoW. do you really like crafting? do you really like pvp? do you really like pve? there are mmos that really excel at all of those things, for instance. or it may be a matter of just seeking out that emphasis together (like rolling alts on a roleplay server). it's also not the only kind of game you can play together, either. make sure that it's not all the sacrifice coming from your end - like, this probably goes as advice for this entire thread tbqh, but you don't want to let that build up into a big ball of resentment. but my point here is more that there are tons of different games you can play together with her, and it's very possible you can figure out what you like, what she likes, and find a game that both of you enjoy simply oodles and oodles instead of something that you're lukewarm about. sure, some of them may be less massively multiplayer and just plain co-op, but that makes doing something together with her more special after all, right?a couple of very different ideas for you to try on -co-op in saints row 3 or 4 - silly gta-esque gangsta shoot-em-up. 4 is by far the sillier (you get superpowers n shit lol)minecraft - there are a ton of different modes to play minecraft, too, at this point. you can just futz around building stuff, or you can do some whole epic survival rpgthe forest or rust - or any of the other innumerable co-op survival things on steam. ark is pretty good too, if you want more dinosaurs in there.you might also consider picking up a different game that has more limited co-op to do the virtual equivalent of going off in a room by yourselves. WoW is great because it's full of people, but it also might be taxing because it's full of people, too. a lot of the games i mentioned are older and can probably be scooped up for cheap, so maybe consider trying some of them out as a 'just the two of us' virtual date night or something like that.in any case i wish you the best of luck dude. as a hella introverted shut-in who owes her entire social life to mmos at the moment, i totally understand how games can really help foster some amazing relationships. i just know that sometimes it sucks playing an otherwise un-fun thing because of the fun of being around one person, cos it's a game, you know? games are funtimes! so don't feel afraid to say 'hey this isn't as fun as it could be, playing games together. you up for trying another type of game to play together, too?' because... games are for having fun! even mmos. ;) i can recommend more mmos, too. even if i'm currently playing ffxiv because i am a crotchety old veteran of WoW who logs in and immediately starts grumbling about how it used to be back in the good old vanilla days when hunters had to carry their own ammo uphill both ways in the snow, i've done a pretty good tour of different mmos lately and have my ear to the ground for more info, so i can help try and suss out what are the parts you really like that you'd like more of. (i mean, this is fuckin blithely assuming you're an mmo novice of course, or a bit of a gaming novice. i can be COMPLETELY off target here and you'll have been rolling your eyes at all of this for the past 15 paragraphs but oh well)
Lol I got lucky. My SO's family is perfect, mine is the exact opposite. Its great to leave that pile of crap behind for a few hours of sanity and respect. He's an only child so for him to bring me over, damn I get the princess treatment
We have two matching remotes. They are free from Comcast. 
If you don't mind my asking to elaborate?
Jesus. This is not heartwarming.
Dunno why you got downvoted, but you should really work on phasing those out. That's never beneficial for anyone, even if it seems like you're doing them a favor.
Waifu?
Are you kidding me? That's NOT a sacrifice. You have a skewed view of what that word means. You are in a relationship, so you are just doing what you are supposed to do. A sacrifice is doing something you don't have to do for the betterment of someone else out of love. I find it disgusting that you think not cheating is a sacrifice. I don't expect any of your relationships are gonna last real long.... lmao
One of the many reasons I can't stand other women....and I'm a woman. Ain't nobody got a moral compass no mo?!? You do, obviously, but still....
I'll probably buy one for myself next time I go back, but honestly I'm not even the slightest bit concerned about getting one for myself now that I've seen how much she likes wearing it. I realized she loves it more than I ever would have :)
He missed out on easy bonus points. Us guys are nothing if not oblivious sometimes haha. 
Come again?
I never portrayed the story as one of hardship. 
We do that when we both like our dishes, but there's little point in splitting if he didn't like his. Not really an issue for me since I eat almost anything haha
We do this when neither of us can decide what we want.  I'll order my top pick, he orders his, and we split.  I'm glad he's not a, Joey doesn't share food! kind of guy.  
Haha I get what you mean. Well like I said it doesn't happen that often :) sometimes things just look good on the menu, or a dish would turn out spicy without warning (sadly he can't tolerate spicy food, but I love it!)
That sounds like an opportunity for lobster pancakes, which I've never considered before this very moment but if you know a place that offers both lobster and pancakes I don't see how you could pass it up
Oh, she knows we're poor. We're living together with our twins and I'm hoping to propose soon. She just doesn't know how poor.
you donate twice a week. first time is 20, second is 40. There are little  incentives here and there though. The  6th 7th and   8th time  in a month are a lil more money.
something something can't legally sell, so it's called donating with a stipend.  
That's what it implies, yes. It's called donating plasma even though it's not.
donating plasma IS NOT PAINFUL at all and I highly recommend doing it if you can! it takes a while, and when they circle the blood back into you, you get *very* cold but otherwise it feels no different than just donating blood! 
Nah, that's bone marrow donation when it's extracted directly from the pelvic bone. (There's a less painful way to donate but it takes longer.)
I've heard putting a clove in your rectum once a week is good for IBS. 
Kind of. She saved my life. Last week she was on a business trip and I made myself chicken soup with tons and tons of garlic. 
[removed]
in fact she is the most amazing person I ever met...
No relationship is worth that.
Was recently shocked by a set of those 0/10 would not buy again. 
gotta be careful with those, warm the bed up, but don't sleep with it on overnight.
Yup. I've had my mattress warmer for a few winters. I live in Chicago.  I turn it on a few minutes before bed, and then turn it off, when I go to sleep, so I don't roast at night. Getting into a warm bed is priceless! 
 Get a futon drier they are amazing and you can warm a whole freezing bed in one minute
Cleveland area.   It's surprisingly not bad. 
That balance most likely absolutely happens but since this post is from perspective of what the writer does, is why she wrote it like that. I say this as a wife who does very similar things for their spouse but knows my husband absolutely does the same on his end for me. :)
[removed]
Same. I'll go out if there's something he wants to do, but I'm not going to come up with the plans because it's not what excites me. I just don't like when we're out til 1am
He does! He's pretty great! 
Thanks, it's just how I try to be. I told him he is preparing me for motherhood lol
I thought he was interesting but I barely saw him at get togethers (bc social anxiety) so two years into random enjoyable encounters I asked for his email address since I was tired of relying on chance but also felt awkward just asking him for his phone number (I'm awkward too). We emailed back and forth for six months or so before meeting up. After hanging out consistently for a few months I got this long rambling email from him about how he was interested in me but was shy but wanted to make sure I knew that so I didn't think he wasn't and move on (apparently that happened a lot to him). So that's how a super socially anxious person asked me out. To be fair, I'm pretty anxious too so fairly understanding around anxiety induced awkwardness. 
maybe he/she asked him out
Magic
I am your wife and you are my husband. Thank you, for doing this for her. It's so hard to be cooped up because your partner just can't handle it. 
That's the thing is he totally does it if I ask or mention it so I just prioritize what I want to do and reduce our number of outings. It's a happy medium but if he knew about it he would feel guilty so I don't mention it.
Also more like a sacrifice he does for himself than for his partner. I'm sure his gf wouldn't want her bf to pretend to like something for 5 years just because he once thanked her for it. I'd think it was really stupid! 
His little thing wiggles too. 
Yeah. I mean obviously I wish it wasn't a sacrifice I have to make, but I'd be hard-pressed to find anyone else half as caring and loving as her. She makes sacrifices for me elsewhere in the relationship - it's a give and take.
To me, it sounds like the girl isn't. 
No but we're both young 20s and don't have the kind of money for a bigger bed right now. Also I meant to say full-sized, not twin, but it's still not quite enough room for her
My fiance likes to grip onto me like a one of those old koala pencil pieces. It used to drive me nuts. But I deal because I know I wouldn't like the opposite. He also likes to be the little spoon sometimes which was a strange concept to me at first but now I don't mind. It's been four years now & it isn't so smothering anymore, half I got used to it half he let up a bit, so giving it a go is worth it even if it's a tiny sacrifice on your part =) Even something so little I just learned means the world. He always complains that I get out of bed & leave him on our days off, I think it's kind of ridiculous because I'm up at ten while he sleeps till noon or one easy. Today I got up, did my morning routine, made some coffee then hesitantly crawled back into bed armed with a fully charged phone. In the few hours I sat there he woke up a couple of times & buried his face into my side or kissed my elbow. Something so small meant so much, had I not dismissed it I could have been doing it so much more =) Long story short, I think it's great you're willing to try a little harder, I bet the pay off is worth it!
Are you really claiming an entire relationship should end because she doesn't like to cuddle when she's trying to sleep? 
OP is in a relationship with someone new, who is more responsible/adult than their ex. I'll l refer to their ex as Joe for the sake of the explanation. OP's friend, Ann, is still friends with OP's ex Joe. Ann wants OP to leave their current SO (Bob) and go back to Joe because she thinks that Bob is the reason OP has become more responsible. OP tests Ann by telling her about petty arguments  like who has to take the trash out, and Ann immediately tells OP to leave Bob and go back to Joe. This tells OP that Ann doesn't actually care about OP's wants or needs and just wants her party animal friend back, so OP ends the friendship with Ann and stays with Bob. Hope that helped!
OP's best friend kept trying to get OP back with her ex because her new boyfriend was changing her (for the better).
Very true. Idk I guess the way I see it is different. This girl was like my sister. We would be together almost every waking moment when we had days off; before and after work. At the point that I broke things off she had been the only person in my life to truly push me and be that driving force  ( although in time I have seen it was not in the direction I needed to go). (Sorry for the rant) It's just nice to put pen to paper so to speak. The biggest coincidence of all of this is that I just found out the other day that her dad passed away. We are both in our mid twenties and our parents are what most see as their prime....it's hard to believe that he is gone. The even harder part is knowing how close she was to him and not being there for her like she had been for me so many times. 
That's what I've heard/figured! When I first broke my nose I definitely noticed and as time went on I stopped noticing. So it makes sense.
What's the issue for him? Is it a deviated septum, sleep apnea? And has he been willing to talk about it?
If you don't mind sharing (or PMing me) what are you teaching and where? I actually am a teacher too and I got my masters last May. I enjoy my life very much, but with the state of education right now and my financial situation having moved recently to DC (paying 1.3k) I am hesitant to make the international jump without an attack plan. 
Oh it could be 50. ;) 
good or bad holy shit? 
because I wanted to help him! I am not a selfish lover an I wanted him to feel self-confident, that he can get dates, and that a lot of his problems were self-imposed mental barriers to new technology and (dating) conventions that he was not used to. He wanted to go open at the end, and i thought this was a good way to boost his self-esteem making new friends, fucking other people because it was obvious he was putting all of shit on me and making me responsible for validating him even when he was clearly wrong. Other perspectives keep you balanced. He hangs out with his girl, the roommate and this flaky girl from his past and funny enough they're these loud, extroverted overweight women who self-victimize (I think all of them have PTSD so he caught PTSD too). He brags about his love for PDA so it's like, you found your perfect crew. I don't ever want to see him again but my love of schadenfreude is like I want to see this loud, sassy cattle crossing in public one day. I wonder if someone has or will inevitably mock fat people PDAing and if he's going to deck them out because he's alfalfa or he will just bitch incessantly to his fat girl crew or on reddit (which he has been doing a lot of...) I'm brutal about his obesity RN because he called my size 8 ass chubby and was being stupid and said I had a higher BF% than him ... but I'm a woman (I would be ashamed if I was his gay lover doe.) 
Mentally and physically I'm dandy but emotional you can't blame me for being resentful when I dated an asshat for 7 years. He also decided to cum on my face as his last sexual gesture towards me post breakup and he just shrugged it off as I thought you wanted it and doesn't understand why I found it as the most cruel, humiliating thing anyone has ever done to me (he was my first boyfriend, lost my virginity to him, my first love, ... and it ends with a wad of his cum on my face. feel very respected and dignified.) But oh no, i'm the villain here because I hold it against him even though he issued some bullshit text apology where he rationalized his thinking and sorry he misinterpreted what I wanted. I quite frankly don't want to be friends with some asshole who even for a second thinks that's okay to do to someone so he thinks I'm petty and unstable. He doesn't deserve me, even as a friend.  I am not into karma but I know he will screw himself over sooner or later. I have enough faith in human nature that human decency will prevail and other people will call him out on his shit. I was his favorite person because I never told him his shit stank until the past year and now I'm a demon. So, anyways, this girl will hopefully call him out on his shit and leave him, or else they can be in some miserable, complacent, tantrum fueled relationship with empty apologies because he as far as I'm concerned has little to no capacity to assume responsibility for his own behavior. Women are awful! His mom was so mean. She removed his capacity to think for himself and his spine! Horrible woman! 
Well, my patience was taken for passive aggressive gaslighting because I wouldn't scold him, or bitch at him, but I would casually remind him how this behavior has not been resolved and he'd flip his shit because I'm fucking petty for making him feel bad (triggered!). He had this tendency of being inconsiderate of me when prioritizing his own needs, and when i confronted him that it upset me, he'd issue an emotional apology, yet do the same shit again a few months later. I hold people accountable. You are not entitled to not feel bad about yourself if you do not remedy the situation. He wanted me to coddle him and baby him because he feels bad which is punishment enough! But I must be emotionally retarded or on the spectrum because I'm not being considerate of the fact that he can't process his emotions like an adult. When I started getting fed up with his inability to address his problems, I got more confrontational about the serious shit. When he decided to take the passive route with his parents and let them blame me to why he flipped his shit on THEM when I wasn't there (yes, it seems hereditary to blame problem behaviors on OTHER people because the perpetrators have no agency!), he continued to let them drag me, walk all over him, and not stand up for me and our relationship. I yelled at him for the first time in 6 years taking about how inconsiderate it was of me to allow his father to come up to our home, invade my space, and continue this weird passive relationship where he interacted with them like I didn't exist. He considers me being upset emotional bullying because he was CLEARLY upset, it's so cruel to make him feel worse for letting them treat me like this. According to him, I was creating a wedge between his fox news watching, trump voting family for their misogyny and racism towards me. But oh no, bigotry in your family is okay. you don't have to call that out but you call yourself a feminist ally and racial ally but can't stand up for your minority female girlfriend who works 60 hour weeks and goes to grad school, because you create grandiose statements on FB about your liberalism and write papers about social justice to earn yourself social justice brownie points but can't confront bigotry head on. 
my therapist suggested he is codependent, which was funny because I was reading about codependency and feared it was me because of the sacrifices I made to appease him. I never resorted to manipulation or ever had a true desire to baby someone. Many of these decisions were in fear of his negative reaction. I didn't intentionally choose to forfeit my own future for him, he pretty much said fucked up manipulative things to make me choose him over everything else, lots of manipulation / guilt tripping (raped in the peace corps, nyps kids being rough, break up, etc.) like honestly he whined incessantly about everything like having a temper tantrum so the easiest solution to stop the whining is to do things for him because it made him stop complaining (briefly). I thought it was my role at first and it didn't hurt to do something kind to make his life marginally better. but the more aware I was of the unhappy nature of our relationship, I was like wow, this is not healthy. and I tried to create space and individuality he lost his marbles because I essentially stopped wiping his ass because my job was becoming real for me so I didn't have time to deal with his melodrama. 
Yeah that should be his job 
Dude obviously she knew that I smoked. It's not like I lied to her or hid it from her. I started smoking hash before even cigarettes and she knew about it all. She also knew about the people I hung out with and all of us smoked.I just made sure she didn't smell it off of me when I was with her because of how much she hated it.
Yeah, that's one smell you really can't hide. 
Thanks. I'm sure she does the same for me though.
Your schedule is similar to mine. Honestly, I've come to like the morning. He has thanked me for doing this, so I guess I can't say he's unaware, but he doesn't realize how deep my initial suffering was :~)
[removed]
The amount of money you have can't replace time. It can give you time, but not replace it.
I think they're saying it's actually split 60/40 or 70/30 or something but the SO thinks it's 50/50.
I interpreted this as I tell her she only owes me $100, when the tickets were really $600. 
She doesnt really understand addiction, but shes one of my bigger motivations to stay sober, and really helps me, even if she doesnt know it.
I'm a suffer alone kind of guy, and maybe that's a personality flaw. But I'd rather be twice as miserable then see my girl upset.
I think they meant they both a) expect it and b) get upset, not both as in two people.
Check out /r/polyamory, it's a pretty good sub.
Also curious. Instances of poly working are quite rare. 
I don't know if he's turn[ing] problems into something about [him]. If your connection to happiness is tenuous, sometimes realising that your partner is struggling can be horrific. Oh god, I was barely holding on to wanting to survive, and now the brightest part of my  life is telling me she wants to die too. There's nothing left to live for.That said, yeah, they both need separate therapists.
so she can be happy? 
To be fair though there's a lot of pressure in society to have orgasms. Not all women can orgasm, or it's very difficult to reach orgasm, but we have a huge sense of guilt when we can't and often the guy feels like it's his fault if his partner doesn't orgasm. We're told that sexually healthy people have a lot of orgasms, and if you're not orgasming it's a problem, which just creates more stress and leads to less orgasms. It's all completely stupid, orgasms-- while fun-- are primarily for mating. So a person is not innefficient in some way if they're not experiencing them, there's a lot of reasons a woman might not be able to reach orgasm, and they only last 20 seconds anyway. Unless we stop overrating orgasms as a vitally important part to a relationship and can start to see sex as fulfilling in and of itself instead of just a means to orgasm, women will probably always fake it.
> Are you kidding me? That's NOT a sacrifice. https://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/sacrificea :  destruction or surrender of something for the sake of something elseb :  something given up or lost <the sacrifices made by parents>>You are in a relationshipOh but I don't have to be. I choose to be. >I don't expect any of your relationships are gonna last real long.... I don't expect you've ever even been in one. I also don't expect that to ever change. :(
Well, I wouldn't say that trading sex for help is immoral, exactly. Believe me when I say I would love to smash every one of those athletic 18 year olds on my desk in my office. But I don't. 
Well there you go. You're the hero now and banked some huge points with her. ;)
you're a lil cutie patootie :)
You have your priorities in order, friend.
That's a great feeling isn't it? Propably the best memories I have with my ex are those when I was the reason of her smile.
You better buy two.  Oh, you got me a new one?!  How sweet!
My boyfriend is King Oblivious.Last Valentine's, he asked what I'd like and I asked him if he could get me a nice box of colouring pencils and a small colouring book. I showed him a box that had wax crayons and specifically said I want this type of box but NOT with wax crayons; I want wooden pencils. And I specifically asked for SMALL colouring books because I have 4 giant ones from Toys R Us and those take forever to colour.He got me a box of wax crayons and a giant colouring book. But I think that's why I love him.I didn't want to seem like an entitled bitch so I acted very grateful but 2 weeks ago I actually asked him if it was on purpose. He told me he doesn't even remember getting that for me last year and it wasn't on purpose.
Just ASSUMING it was for her.
I prefer guys who wanna share food, especially on dates. Once I went out to have dinner on second date with a guy. I wanna order a few dishes which we could share so I suggested so. He told flatly to my face, I don't share food. Fine. He didn't enjoy his meal, and I enjoyed seeing him unhappy with it.
We do this too, with everything! That way we get multiple choices of meal and doubled up on the desserts. I eat like a bird so is a win for both of us. 
>She just doesn't know how poor. That seems like something she should be aware of, especially if you are responsible for two children.
Yeah, definitely tell her. Whatever stress it puts on her is worth her being more mindful of her spending and also the possibility of her selling plasma too.
Two babies at one would make anyone poor!Source: Twin who got hand me downs for first 12 years.
>with our twinsI thought you both had twin siblings 0_oBest of luck in your journey for marriage!
I don't understand how she doesn't know how poor you are? Do you lie about your income?If you are that poor, getting engaged is a stupid idea. Supporting your kids is more important than paying for a wedding. Having kids with someone is a much bigger commitment than a wedding, it is more of a life long commitment to a person than a marriage is.
For a little more info:You have to get weighed and your blood content gets tested every time you go in. If you weigh too little or your blood is to low on iron or too high in fat (eating large fast food meal soonish before going will cause this), you can't donate that day and have to come back another time.The place I used to go wouldn't let you donate again if you still have a bruise from the previous donation. I was unlucky and always got a wicked bruise from donating so I could never donate more than once every two weeks. I'm not sure if they'll let you donate from your other non-bruised srm, if the vein is good enough in it as well. Twice a week was the absolute max they would let you donate. This may be different depending on where you go, that is just from my experience.If you do end up using this as a means of frequent income, you'll most likely end up with a dent in your arms where they are constantly placing needles. I wasn't able to donate frequently and moved away from the area so no longer donate, so this never happened to me, but I did see people at the donation center with these dents.You really don't get very much from donations. It's more given as an incentive to get people to come in rather than being good source of income. The guy above was right about special deals they'll have from time to time. They usually do that when supply is running lower than they'd like, or less people are coming in to donate. It's a nice little extra to spend or whatever, but nothing huge.
The place I go offers a coupon type thing where if you bring it in, you get $50 for each donation if you go five times within 30 days.I used that, and didn't actually even do the whole 5 donations (it's such an easy thing to do but I always put it off) and never went back, so they sent me another coupon for the same deal! Luckily I'm not in a position where I absolutely have to donate to make ends meet, because donating when it's the 20/50 deal doesn't seem worth it. 
It's better than making it easier to illegally procure and sell blood though.
a whole $10 walmart gift card...
I have no idea if you're kidding or not, but I got a hemorrhoid once and I more or less stuck a clove of garlic up my rectum every night and it cleared that hemorrhoid right up. Stung like a bitch though.
That's ok, I'll just shit myself. 
I'm becoming more and more convinced that you're married to a vampire. 
Was she able to be around you when she got back? 
How has no one asked yet how she saved your life? What happened? 
[removed]
But what was so surprising about them?
[removed]
I'm in Dayton/West Carrollton!! We're practically neighbors. I moved about 7 months ago and holy shit I love it. I came from New York so the weather alone is such a breath of relief haha 
I grew up around Akron and it used to be a lot worse. Like we'd get days added to the end of the year in school cause of snow days. Then global warming happened...
Yes, he is also sweet and does similar things. If he knew I did this most of the time he'd probably want me to take the best food lol
no offense but reading that was a bit akward lol
Yeah I've never mentioned it to her but she knows I'm sure and she will spare me from going out all the time lol.
My SO and I are the same. We've found a compromise.If I'm feeling snuggly we cuddle for 10m or so right when we turn the lights off, then he's overheating and we move apart. Best of both worlds :)
We're both girls
Not necessarily, some people just have a seriously hard time sleeping if someone is all up on them, no matter how much they love the person. 
Beds are not THAT expensive, and it is a worthwhile investment.Everyone should own a nice bed and a comfy pair of shoes.You're going to spend a majority of your life in one or the other.
Aren't man bodies more difficult to spoon? Like women large or tiny have a dip or something but guys have this square tall shape on the torso
An even simpler reduction, because I still found that confusing:OP used to be an irresponsible partier. Her relationship with a fellow partner ended, she became more responsible, and starting dating someone else outside that lifestyle.Her friend wants OP to come back and party and wrongly thinks that her new SO is the reason she doesn't hang out anymore.OP tested her friend by telling her about some made up some petty arguments with her new SO. Her friend would always insist that she leave them and start dating her ex again, presumably so she would come back and smoke with them.
This honestly kind of makes you sound like the jerk in the situation. Instead of lying to her about made up fights and creating passive aggressive tests, couldn't you have just been honest with her? Like you could have just said, I'm really happy in my relationship and it's not because of him that I'm changing, I'm just growing up. Please stop inviting my ex around when I'm there, or suggesting I get back together with him, I'm not interested and makes me uncomfortable. Instead of abandoning a longtime friend who has been there for you tons of times and is like a sister. Maybe she wouldn't be inclined to  tell you to leave your relationship if you hadn't been lying and claiming that you bicker all the time? Sounds like she didn't suggest it until you decided to invent lies to test her.
I'll PM you. I'm actually currently taking a gap year to explore South America with my fianc and doing some light pro-bono or low cost education work, and I'm able to do so because I lived where I lived for the last few years.
How did you manage to be such a supporting gf to a person like that, for 7 years?
Wow, I was like go you! until I read this trainwreck of a comment. Being bitter doesn't mean you have to be cruel to people with serious mental disorders. Also, consider reading about PTSD and how it can forever change the lives of the people who have it- it's not just self-victimization, it's a reaction to experiencing extreme trauma.  EDIT: I was going to suggest therapy for you, but apparently you're already in it. Consider talking asking your therapist about this, seriously.
Yeah you're *totally* not bitter
I just..what?! I mean it may be because I'm English, but why the fuck does it matter what race you are? Surely it matters more that I'm happy and I'm making someone else happy. Secondly, you worked 60 hour weeks AND went to grad school and this mothefucker was still unappreciative?! 
I hope you're in a better place now!
Tell him. That shit should just be common courtesy. I hope he flushes after he poops.
You didn't do anything to your hair, skin, or hands.  Everyone that doesn't smoke and doesn't have a cold can smell it.  
You could be my ex.  It was kind of you to avoid smoking and hiding the smell.  I think he did it to prevent a fight.  It was worth it.  I really appreciated that. 
She still smelled it off you.Source: Am ex-smoker who thought like you
Lucky lady!
Oooo I see. Yeah maybe. OP was also very careful with the use of the word their though.... Didn't specify gender... So who knows! :)   
Depends on your definition of working
I stopped faking it. My orgasms are very rare, and I know it affects him. It really isnt his fault-- I can't even make myself orgasm over half the time. I wish he understood this
Yeah but they should know better than to put you in a situation like that. And they do a disservice to their fellow women who don't try and fuck other peoples' husbands/SOs to get their way.
Until she finds this thread. 
Well now I'm blushing!
There's no greater joy than bringing a smile to someone's face. 
Haha right?! She's adorable like that. 
No dude. Just, no. 
Love it!
You were born 10 later, & that was enough for them to give you hand-me-downs? I'm so sorry. 
i donated for 2 years to help pay for gas and power bill. i definitely have the dents in both arms and several people have given me looks thinking i was an ex junkie from them. beware.
Gallon+ Club member here. Is this the same as donating platelets? I've always donated whole blood, but am intrigued by the platelet idea.For one thing, I'm anemic, so sometimes I'm a bit too low; I think with platelets it's not an issue, since the blood is just filtered? Also, it can be done more frequently.Don't think getting paid for it is an option around here.
Do you have to be 18? 
That's not a more or less thing. You did, or you did NOT, stick a clove of garlic up your ass nightly.  CHOOSE. 
take my wife. 
Hah, as in electrocuted in my sleep Sir Cruise. 
They were so stimulating I was up all night. 
Just dehydrate yourself to the point you wake up feeling like a raisin. At least that was my experience.I love my heated mattress pad though, best winter purchase ever. 
well you're still alive... just be careful with them
I do this all winter and even in the summer if I sleep with the fan on!Sometimes I wake up sweaty and disgusting but I have yet to die.
Oh we are horrifyingly awkward but it's worked for two years so there's that. 
ohh yeeahhh!!
It's not the kind of investment we can make for a while. Due to medical bills and such, we are barely making it paycheck to paycheck right now. It's something that we both want to invest in one day though.
Yes, but this isn't the first time I've heard of dudes liking to be the little spoon, mostly here on reddit. But for my case, I'm 5'7 while he's 5'4 so it's a little easier for me =) 
Haha, no! Being big spoon as a short roundish gal has never been an problem aside from sometimes getting a dead lower arm.
TL;DROP grew up. ex-friend and ex-SO were trying to take her back down the rabbit hole. She said no.
Thank you for the translation
Of course I told her I didn't like having him around. Also she wouldn't admit to having him come around when I would ask, but it was absolutely obvious. I did what I had to get to the truth. If that makes me a Jerk I guess my guilt over all this is my bad karma. 
Nice! I love South America, Iguazu and Buenos Aires is a must! I want to go to Ecuador because my undergrad is in bio (you know dem Galapagos) and a lifelong dream is to hike Patagonia. :) 
Low self esteem? Being a doormat / pushover? I mean, I think I wrote somewhere here or another post that he had codependency issues where he was excessively needy and I felt responsible for his emotions even if they were irrational. Also I HATE conflict and drama because I grew up in that situation so anything to diffuse a problem was my solution to everything even if he was clearly wrong. First two years were a dream but when he became an admin I think the power got to his head and he started just being totally delusional, paranoid, narcissistic and I was like this will be over and everything will be normal again. but it just got worse but I didn't blame him, I was like oh his work is so stressful! Not to mention I am a very dedicated and loyal person in general. I don't give up easily at my own expense. I was dealing with depression, anxiety, and ADD that I was tackling in the background and didn't want it to be his burden because I felt it was a matter of my own brain chemistry and the only grief I gave him was for him to listen to my problems with a sense of empathy and validation which he was incapable of because he only wanted to provide solutions. Instead he would snap at me and said I was filling his meter. A girlfriend never does that so I'm like just listen. I don't think he understand. WHATEVER. I started seeing a therapist and it's like fuck, I need to stop asking someone who doesn't want to, or isn't capable of doing something for me and to solve my problems. Once again it became about him, that I was growing apart from him because I was having fun without him and dare consider enjoying something that does not involve him. I am no longer dependent on him, I must be out of love! I must think he's ugly! I must be in love with someone else! Instead of taking his asinine attacks, I stood up for myself. And it lead to me breaking up with him. And me being a horrible unstable gaslighting person because I am frank with my displeasure with him and his behaviors but he doesn't recognize his shittiness so obviously I'm just trying to lower his self-esteem to punish him. He gets off by self-victimizing which is like watching a train wreck. Despite NC for weeks, his girlfriend stepped on trigger I ingrained in him and he flipped out and blamed me and use the melodramatic phrase shaking like a puppy after it happened. And of course she's going to forgive the instability because it's not HIM and HIS behavior he needs to work on, it's some bad person who made him do it (mind control!) I'm like wow, did I really date a 37 year old manchild who blames other for how they act? When I was with him, it was ragging on his mother despite not living with her for 20 years. If you can't get over your mommy issues in 20 years and stand up for yourself and take responsibility for your behaviors, you're the problem. 
I candidly admitted my bitterness in another comment on this thread, no shame. It's hard not to be bitter when your trust and loyalty is betrayed for some tinder / okc dates because they understand me better. 
Because I'm asian and I'm dirty, jeez. DUH. He's stressed out and busy with his 60 hour work week and online classes (I went in person lol) so if I was a good waifu I would have cleaned the house for him. It's bullshit that I'm working 60 hours a week as a new teacher, I must be having an affair (literally what they said). The fact that he flipped his shit meant I wasn't doing my part as a good waifu. Not that they're being assholes to him backseat driving and criticizing him, not that he's stressed out by his work because he can't manage emotions properly, no- my first and foremost duty is housewife to make my ingrate partner happy! 
He shits all over the floor. 
Actually my boyfriend used to smoke, didn't really hide it, but rarely smelled or tasted like smoke. I think it depends on brand and body chemistry.
Hmm, I don't really see anything immoral about it. I think it's slutty, but that's not necessarily a bad thing. 
Hey, I'm not the one who did it. What are you getting on me for?
Cute!  We had two older sisters and got their hand me downs.  But about the time I was 8 or so, my twin (fraternal) was so much taller that I DID start to get her hand me downs.  I was the 4th girl to wear them...not exactly a fashionista.
They return your red blood cells every time you donate. I had to watch what I ate when I was donating twice a week. (I'm not anemic, but I'm damn close) 
Electrocuted means death from electricity. 
As a pretty awkward person myself, this gives me hope :)
Full is really not meant for 2 people. If you have the space,  consider upgrading to a king when the time comes. King is not too much more expensive than a queen, and imo the extra space is worth it. 
I don't know if they have them in your area, but once you can, Menards sells Serta mattress for pretty cheap compared to matress stores. Like 800 for the most expensive models there vs 2000+ at mattress stores.
The torso shape though. Maybe I just have issue with laying my arm across a person of well people fit together
That's so cool! We just finished a few months along the Colombian and Peruvian Amazon, we're in Bogot right now for a little bit, and we're trying to decide what's next. We're definitely visiting both BA and Iguazu for sure, and I'm meeting some of my best friends in Cuba in a month.
oh well. now I know you're Asian. It all makes sense. Jesus wept. So you're a woman with a career? How bloody dare you?!  I Don't get it. Mans can't be stressed by work and hold a grown up relationship? Discuss things like an adult. Tell his parents to get fucked he's a grown up?
To me, it's definitely a bad thing. There is no reason to pursue someone already in a relationship. It causes undue heartache. 
I'm gonna refrain from feeding the troll on this one. Have a good night, man. 
It can also just mean injured from electricity, a minor electrical burn could also be considered electrocution.
Thanks, I'll keep it in mind :)
If you aren't used to do it, it takes some practice. Just imagine laying on your stomach alone in bed, your head turned to one side, then imagine lifting your arm to fit a full body pillow under. Same concept. My fiance is cut & fit though, not jacked like a body builder so maybe that's why it's easier? Am I explaining okay or does it sound confusing? 
Envious! I would have went to Cuba this winter break if it weren't for the costs of moving post-breakup. The flight was absolutely reasonable and I LOVE the sun and beach (surprising because I am a moody goth and want to move to Montreal / Berlin but I am cantonese and my skin and hair looks sooooo good with sun.) 
He let his parents just walk and talk all over him because he was a spineless bastard. It's funny because he's uber confrontational in real life, very aggressive and in your face, known for physical bullying, and being cut and dry in his profession as an admin. But to tell his parents to fuck off with their patronizing behavior? No. He can't! He'll lose his bigoted southern family because they're so petty! Oh no, sadness! And he was upset at THEM for ruining our relationship at the time now he just blames me for trying to sabotage his relationship with his parents (love how that judgement shifts based on who you're upset with.) It's like parents will be parents, but you have every agency to step up and defend the relationship, establish barriers. I established barriers (and I'm a decade younger) with my invasive parents and they kept their distance. Funny enough he had no barriers with me and would do a lot of unwanted, invasive touching so it just seems like a hereditary monkey see monkey do can't evolve past my parent's influence bullshit of being spineless, boundless cowards. 
They don't know I am in a relationship. I'm not married. There are no obvious signs. 
Electric execution... All in the name
It's used sometimes for bad injuries but most of the time it's taken as someone dying. Execution Electrocution.
Honestly, if you're not happy, 'bye Felicia'. Sounds like he's a right cunt. 
Oh...then it's kind of your bad if you don't tell them right away.Eta not judging, just saying
Yeah pretty much. It took me long enough! I should have broke it off years ago. I was too insecure because I thought I needed him and he was an amazing person because his intentions were right, he just needed to fix small things. Turns out he's all talk, no substance. A wordsmith. Eloquent speaker, very convincing. But when you pick apart his ideas they start crumbling and it's not that they were shitty, empty, remarks- it's because you're sabotaging him! 
That's not how it happens though. It's not like I tell them I am in a relationship the second they walk in, then knowing that they offer themselves. They ask for better grades, ask what they can do, offer themselves. That's how it happens. 
Glad you've seen the light.  Youll find someone that deserves you! 
The office 
Stranger Things. Watched it all in one day. Watched it again a few days later. Then again. Now I'm impatiently waiting for Halloween. 
Rick and Morty
Parks & Rec
Scrubs without a doubt.
I've watched It's Always Sunny at least three times 
Futurama Arrested Development
The West Wing
Frasier. It's a great comfort show. And before they took it off, Psych.
Bobs Burgers That 70s ShowChuck 
Breaking Bad and Better Call Saul (still waiting on season 2 to catch up). 
Most re-watchable Netflix Original:  Narcos.Most re-watchable show on Netflix:  Archer
I don't have cable, so I'm limited to Netflix and Amazon Prime. Chuck (Netflix) -- lots of literary devices and hidden messages in this one, but also insanely entertaining if you don't care. Sherlock (Netflix) -- this is just intelligent, and that's kinda hard to find nowadaysDowntown Abbey (Amazon Prime) -- hear me out. It's historically correct, and because the series spans 1912 to 1925 when England changed the most, starting back at the beginning is a completely different world than where it ends. It's not like starting the same show over again, it's like going back in time. 
Stranger Things
The office, always sunny, parks and rec. There's others but those I've watched entirely at least 3 times all the way through (p&r) and at most 10+ (the office). 
LOST, it's the first show I think I've watched the second time and enjoyed it as much if not more than the first. It's the best TV show ever in my opinion.
Bojack horseman, season 2 specifically, but all three seasons are great. 
30 Rock. I've watched 30 rock so many times that at this point I'll just use it as background noise when I'm studying.  
Futurama 
I must have seen the Office (U.S) over five or 6 times. Like all 10 seasons in a row and then reload back to episode 1 baby
Law & Order SVU
King of the Hill. Tho the last few seasons got weak, I still love everything about it. Thanks Netflix, for making me torrent all of the seasons. 
Arrested development, the office and parks and recreations are too good to only be watched once. 
The OA. Seen it 3 times.Orphan Black- 5 timesBattlestar Galactica. 22 times. (it's possible I've seen it more than anyone else in the world)
Sherlock.
My background series that I put on when I'm working or doing stuff around the house:Arrested DevelopmentWest WingArcherIt's Always SunnyBlack BooksSpaced
Seinfeld. I can identify almost every episode from one line of dialogue or one scene and I know all the punchlines but the show still makes me laugh. Some more recent shows have really memorable phrases but they don't hold a candle to Seinfeld, baby! 
30 Rock. So many classic quotes! Live everyday like it's shark week or It's after 6, what am I, a farmer?!
Stranger Things
Trailer park boys. 
Quantum Leap
The Office IASIPBreaking BadFuturamaScrubs
The Santa Clarita Diet.For some reason it just cracks me up. Aspecially with the new co-worker hitting on her.I.. I feel like anything I say will just make you push your dick against my vagina again. And I was right.And then she eats him. No biggie.
Avatar the last airbender 
Band of brothers / the pacific
30 Rock and Parks and Rec 
Curb Your Enthusiasm Bring the ruckus! 
The first two seasons of House of Cards.  
Parks and Rec and 30 Rock. Guess I guess I have a thing for female led comedys
The Vicar of DibleyGreen Wing Black BooksThe IT CrowdWaiting For God(notice a pattern...British sitcoms from 10 to 20 years ago are hilarious! I'm dying to find a platform with AbFab!)
I'd say Doctor Who but it's *not goddamn there anymore*.
Reno 911 
Sons of Anarchy, Skins, Prison Break.. the last two I rewatched on Netflix after watching them when they originally aired. 
White Collar, The Office(US), Parks and Rec, and Chuck
Scream Queens. Horror comedy is a hard genre to get into but wow that show is hilarious.
Frankie and Grace. Has some really funny one liners!
Friends, HIMYM, 70s show, Always Sunny
F is for Family
Avatar, The Last Airbender. 100%. 
Over the Garden Wall, a cartoon network mini series. It's soooo good i saw it twice the first day I saw it and I've probably seen it around 10 times now.
I've recently rewatched Dexter, weeds and sons of anarchy.  Was prepared to watch justified also, but they removed it
The office/The clone wars
Orphan Black, Battlestar Galactica, The 100, Lost, Black Sails
The killing.
Battlestar Galactica.  The FallArcher
Leverage
Frasier, 3rd Rock from the Sun, Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt
Mr Robot
Venture Bros.   Currently on Hulu and streaming on Cartoon Network's website.
One Tree Hill. 9 seasons worth of pure drama and love and yeah I was stuck
Master of None!
The West Wing. 
White Collar. Incredibly awesome show. The last season of the show was amazing
Weeds ...Arrested Development ...Lost...
malcom in the middle
Limitless. I love that show! I've watched the whole series (okay, it was only one season) three times. So bummed it was cancelled.And Firefly and Farscape.
Criminal Minds
Arrested Development. Parks & Recreation.Archer. 
Scrubs and Community.
Community
Death in paradise. Solid show. 
Person of interest 
Don't Trust the B- in Apartment 23Took me forever to watch it in the first place because of the horrible title but once I watched the first episode, I was hooked!
Twin Peaks  And sitcoms, of course. Friends, Happy Days, Frasier, Married with Children, Boy Meets World... I've all seen more thn a few times. 
Galavant. It's a musical comedy with knights and stuff. Timothy Omundson is a legend in it.
I've watched all of Peaky Blinders about three times. There's only 6 episodes a season. I wish the seasons were longer and they didn't skip so much time in between them.
House of Cards
Star Trek: Deep Space Nine
Season 2 of Fargo. Instant all time favorite of mine. 
United States of Tara. I've watched that series 5 times since finding it in 2012- 3 times in the first year.
identity theft is not a joke, jim!
Prison Break
The Tudors. The Walking Dead. Santa Clarita Diet.
Star Wars the Clone Wars
I've watched The Americans and True Detective season 1 a bunch of times. 
Black Mirror. All seasons, all episodes.
Breaking bad 
Travelers is great. 
Two and a half men and Suits are the two best TV series I have watched more than once. I know that there are many more awesome TV series that I have to watch, but I ain't got time.I didn't watch game of thrones. Shame....Same here. 
Shameless
FireflyArcherBlack LagoonRick and Morty
The West Wing. 5 Times through so far 
Star Trek: The Next GenerationIt probably has to be a your thing kind of thing but I watched it a few years ago on a recommendation on a friend and have now rewatched the series 4 times
Band of Brothers
Penny Dreadful.
The Clone Wars. I've probably watched the whole thing 6 times so far.
Mrs. Brown's Boys!!!
M*A*S*H. I used to watch it before dinner with my dad, and probably saw every episode 5 times. Am now in my mid thirties, own the complete series on DVD and have seen every episode at least a dozen times.
Lost was already mentioned, so I'll go with Red Dwarf. But really only the first five or six seasons. I've been watching them since the early 90's and they just never get old for me. 
Parks and Rec is my go to series and then Game of Thrones but if I've only got Netflix then Red Dwarf is my background noise.
Black MirrorArrested Development
Bojack horseman. Puts me into an extinential chrisis everytime. 
Psych. It's no longer on Netflix. :( fortunately I was able to rent it from the library and watch it on dvd. I'm currently on season 3 out of 8. It's amazing. Great characters, great chemistry, great jokes.
The OfficeScrubsYou're The Worst
The Magicians
My little brother has watched the whole yu gi oh series and SAO anime multiple times. It's old at this point 
Lovesick (previously titled Scrotal Recall) It's an odd story line about a guy who finds out he has chlamydia and has to contact all of his previous partners. Each episode is named after a different girl and shows the present day of him contacting them and the past of how they hooked up. Sounds weird but it is a very funny show and I highly recommend it. There's only two seasons out right now so it's an easy watch.
Young Justice
Sons Of Anarchy. 
Angel Beats!
Archer. I watched all that's on Netflix, then when I was done I just watched it all again.
The Simpsons. Can't count how many times I watched the first 9 seasons.Lost.
Parks and rec and the office
Sense8
Chuck. 
The office.
Trigun was pretty good. There's Invader Zim, MLP, and Cowboy Bebop. I could go into non anime, but theres a few acquired tastes in there.
Empresses in the palace. 
Scream the series 
How I met your mother!! I've watched it 3 times and am constantly tempted to start again. 
The SopranosJustifiedBreaking BadThe WireOnly Fools and Horses
The AO. 5th movement.
Big bang theory, although not by choice.My eleven year old son puts it on Netflix EVERY DAMN DAY.I sit through an average of three episodes a day. It *was* my favourite show.
Dexter
Parks and Rec, Supernatural, Bobs Burgers, Scrubs, Futurama and Archer I could watch over and over . 
house
Sword Art Online *pls no kill me pls*
Breaking Bad. The entire series. 
The office
Girls
Garth Marenghi's Darkplace.  I've seen it at least a dozen times and I keep watching.  It's brilliant.
Friday Night Lights, 30 Rock, Teen Wolf, Please Like Me, Parks and Rec, Crashing, Misfits
That 70's Show
American horror story is awesome, especially the first two seasons.  
Mr Robot. Rewatching both seasons gave me a broader appreciation for all the cinematic techniques behind it. Sam Esmail really knows how to direct.
Mad Men. I've watched it all the way through four times now. 
It's Always Sunny in PhiladelphiaFamily GuyHouse of CardsGame of ThronesThe AmericansThe IT CrowdParks and Rec 
Trailer park boys/ the office
Brooklyn Nine-Nine
Daredevil 
Parks and Recreation 
Community
Santa Clarita Diet I watched it twice in a row. That's only happened with Rick and Morty, true detective season 1, and breaking bad.
The West Wing
Friends and Seinfeld 
Northern Exposure.  I am the only one.
Friends
Breaking Bad, Archer, Friends, American Dad
Baby Cobra (stand up comedy) by Ali Wong... So much of the stand up comedy on netflix is american (obviously) but I don't understand the humour... But Ms Wong is bloody clever and funny
Black Mirror, Arrested Development, Archer 
Luke Cage. I read some people didn't like it but I thought the writing and acting was fantastic. 
Foyle's WarRiverLifeBroadchurch
Futurama, Archer, Bob's Burgers.
Narcos 
7 deadly sins
Peep Show. It's so funny and so quotable.
I watch Futurama,  archer, n  trailer park boys. When I'm out of shit to watch.  Rick n morty on hulu holds me down as well although there's only 2 damn seasons compared to the other 3s 10
Breaking Bad. I've seen the entire show at least four times. It never get's old 
Battlestar Galactica 
SantA calrita  diet
Supernatural
Is this a paid netflix ad?What flavours of Lays potato chips are so good you eat them all the time?
Stranger Things.
Bojack horseman
I'm on my 7th rewatch now! 
I've watched it at least 50 times beginning to end.
British or American?
It never gets old 
Am I the only one that lost interest 3 episodes in? I mean it was good and all but award winning compelling TV? Not even closeIt had a cute 1980s kids rule feel to it. But it had nothing to it from what I saw. Just dialogue between the kids and bad CGI. 
Rewatched it atleast 6 times... Season 3 already pleaseee
It's my eating show. Every time I eat I HAVE to put it on. Even for background noise 
when I want to fill the Rick and Morty void I just watch Bojack Horseman, I think it's equally as good (once you get into it), all the running jokes are hilarious and clever - I love both of them
I hate Canadian Netflix. 
Was thinking those exact words when I saw this post 
If I want something to watch that I don't need to pay attention to, I put this on. I think I've seen most episodes four or five times. 
My wife loves that show. I fucking hate it and that entire archetype: 30 rock, crazy ex girlfriend, etc, and she watches them endlessly. Those shows are the lil' Sebastian of TV. 
I love parks and rec. every character is so funny. I think it's the only show where I love the whole cast. Even jean ralphio is funny and he's suppose to have a douchebag vibe to him lol
Every year when the summer slump and winter breaks occur for network shows, my wife and I crank through scrubs.  I think we just finished our 4th time through.
I really liked this show until it basically turned into a musical. I hate musicals.
I hated scrubs. It was so bland and boring, I couldn't even finish the first season
I've just finished it, definitely re-watchable. 
I started watching five months ago and have only watched it since. Probably been through it five times now. Completely rewatchable. And they pack so many jokes in there's always something you missed before. 
It's my go-to series. I'd hazard a guess that I've watched up to Series 11 at maybe 6/7 times now. I'm always surprised by how many new things I notice on rewatches.
I couldn't get through too far in it. Like there isn't a single character I can like. Danny devito is pretty annoying to watch too 
Arrested Development for sure! I don't know how many times I have re-watched the show, yet I find a new joke almost every time. Even if I don't, the family dynamic is so amusing I just can't get enough of it. 
I've watched The West Wing from beginning to end 3 times. I swear it gets better each time. 
I fucking love the West Wing. I could watch Josh Lyman and Leo McGarry do a walk and talk forever.
If you're a fan of The West Wing and haven't yet started to listen to the podcast West Wing Weekly, you really need to consider picking it up. It starts Joshua Malina(aka Will Bailey), and Hrishi Hirway, and so far they've had Bradley Whitford(Josh), Janel Maloney(Donna), Dule Hill(Charlie), Rob Lowe(Sam), Richard Schiff(Toby), Aaron Sorkin, and many more people including actors, directors, camera men, and IRL politicians to come in and discuss the show. 
I watched Cheers as it first aired, from almost the very start.When it ended, I had no doubt that Frasier was going to be wonderful, but I decided to save it for later in life. Never watched a single episode as they aired.About 7 years ago, I finally decided it was time to watch Frasier.Arguably that best sitcom of all time, and that's knowingly comparing it to everything going all the way back to Lucy and Dick Van Dyke.It's not axiomatic that something will come along that's better. Frasier may have been a perfection of the form.I've been through the whole series several times now. And yeah, it's a great comfort show.  It's a lovely little universe to inhabit for a time.  Good, urbane people who love each other, having silly adventures together. People will be watching Frasier a hundred years from now.Cheers.
Can't believe it took me this long scrolling to find Bob's Burgers.  Seen em all probably a thousand times now and they never get old. 
I've watched Firefly more times than I can count. Of course, there's only one season, so that helps.
I just started breaking bad, it's not very special so far IMO.
Narcos? Had a hard time finishing it just once.
DowntonDowntown Abbey sounds like a porn knockoff featuring pimps and prostitutes 
Yes! I love Chuck. I try to get everyone I can to watch it. It's such a charismatic show
If you haven't done so already, the manners of Downton Abbey PBS special is fantastic. 
I'm going through a rewatch right now, it's wonderful! 
The BBC really knocked it out of the park with Sherlock. I recommend The Last Kingdom as another great BBC series on Netflix. 
I was skeptic about the show at first but then I ended up loving it! 
Same. It captures you within the first 5 min. Favorite show ever. 
I've watched it seven or eight (?) times and I still notice little things each time. I consider it the best show ever. Including the ending. 
How long has lost been on netflix?
Really? Even the last couple of seasons? 
Wild Horses...
I've watched the whole thing once, I don't think my heart can handle that emotional rollercoaster again.
I've seen it a stupid amount of times too and I still catch new jokes when I re-watch it. 
I keep it on endless rewatch, most nights if only for half a episode. It's weird, it's like checking in with friends. 
This has been my life through the last year, I still belly laugh at that shit
I hate Amazon Prime because they won't bother to make. Chromecast app.  However...I win gift cards from my work for Amazon...And I've now bought the whole thing.
Don't blame Netflix for stealing. You can do what I did and buy the DVDs used on eBay. 
I was blown away by how good The OA was. If someone had described it to me I would have thought it sounded ridiculous, but I had damn tears in my eyes during that finale. 
Black Books is hilarious!  I love that show.
Where do you live that you get Seinfeld on Netflix? I have to watch the putlocker versions lol
I was never a huge fan of Seinfeld when it was new, but I catch it every so often now just for the nostalgia. It captures the '90s in a way that few other shows do. 
Good God,  Lemon! 
Smooth move, Ferguson! 
Fuck off with your words and things on flask Reddit. I don't have time to do some bullshit reading. I've got shit to do... I've gotta talk to Julian, I need to press some hash coins... I gotta get somethin' to eat. So fuck off. 
Let the liquor do the thinking
My manager noticed you staring at the toaster ovens for a long time.
I just finished rewatching this! It was just as funny the 3rd time around.
Getting to be time to rewatch this again. I just always end up kicking myself for my itty bitty crush on Thomas Lennon with a mustache and short short shorts.
Oops I mean Grace and Frankie.
Awww yis
Justified is awesome. Can see it in Amazon prime
Wow that's like the Mount Rushmore of shows that start great and end horribly 
Amazing series
second this!
+1 for Twin Peaks. It never gets old for me
I love that show. Was hungry for more Richard Ayoade (sp? The dude with the fro) after finishing IT Crowd.Favorite episode is the one with the song I'm on a one track highwayThat does it, off to YouTube.
And iasip, parks and rec and basically any other comedy
Is that on netflix?
American 
The American Office went on far too long. 
I don't even mention that I wasn't a fan of it in public anymore. Last time I did, my friend looked at me like I just shit in his living room 
I just thought they captured all of these nostalgic feelings and condensed them into perfect form, the homages are perfect without feeling hamfisted...I absolutely love every single child actor and every character...yet they never resorted to the cliches or stereotypes (like they could have done with Steve's character) that all those old movies used to have...like the older sister character is fleshed out and ends up pretty bad ass instead of being the typical shitty pretty girl older sister. You start it thinking it will fall into formulaic patterns and traps but it doesn't. everyone has different tastes and it's perfectly fair to dislike it but I loved it from start to finish. it's just a really fun show to watch
I didn't have interest at first. I tried it again and liked it.I did the same with Game of Thrones. Watched 2 episodes and quit. Tried again a few weeks later. Now I've rewatched it a few times.
I watched the whole thing, but yeah I thought it was poorly written and don't really understand the hype.
This for sure. Took me two weeks to watch the first season. I pretty much watched an episode every other night. Wasn't good enough for me to binge watch. Some of the episodes I was just browsing reddit while watching. Not saying the show wasn't good. I personally was just not hyped about it like most. I'll watch season 2 but I'm not anxious about it. To each their own I guess 
I think most people who grew up in the 80s or early 90s can relate to Stranger Things. I'm interested to know what the non-Stranger Things fans like better than this series though. I hope it's not ASOUE cos that show is terrible.
The kids are in E.T, the teenagers are in a horror movie and the adults are in Firestarter. It was perfect.
I tried to get into it a bunch of times, but I just couldn't. Something about it just didn't grab me. 
Excellent, but doesn't deserve a second season
They're drawing it.
you're adorable hahaha have an upvote 
It's not on American Netflix so don't feel bad.
No lie, I'm on my 4th rewatch in less than 2 months. I've been depressed, and it's the only thing that makes me feel good.
It's my go to filler show as well.
Seven times! And yes, it absolutely does.
I can't rewatch old sitcoms because of the laugh tracks. I love Frasier (and early Cheers, when Diane was still around and not the butt of Modern Family's jokes)Tried to rewatch a few months ago and just could not get past the stupid canned laughter. The worst is how the action kind of stops for a second to let the people who are laughing hysterically at a half-joke finish braying. 
It's hard for me to decide which was better comedy writing, Frasier or Golden Girls. 
I watch the entirety of the show probably once every month.
Bob is my spirit animal. 
You shut your dirty mouth. 
Keep going, it gets great.  I can't remember where, but I'd say around season 3 is when I could not stop watching episodes back to back to back
I personally think the first season is the least 'special'.  
That's too bad.  I watched it, then watched Cocaine Cowboys and a handful of docs, and then watched it again.  Then I visited Columbia (not because of Narcos), watched a few more docs and watched Narcos a few more times.  I've probably seen it 5 times all the way through.  I think it's great, even if it isn't as accurate as I'd like (nor does it show how rich or how big a monster Pablo Escobar was).Edit:  I've only watched season 2 once.  Season 1 is what's rewatchable.
Yup. It changed a lot and my opinion wavers over how much the quality decreased from the earlier seasons but I still think the last seasons were better than almost every other TV show's best. I'm just so in love with LOST and the later seasons of it became more feel-y and I'm a sucker for emotional stuff and I thought the time travel was neat and the new characters such as Faraday and Miles were excellent. Season 6 was definitely worse than Season 5 but I still loved a lot of it especially the episodes centred around Richard's past and Jacob and the Man in Black. The ending could have been better but eh, it is nowhere near enough to ruin such an epic show for me.
The last two seasons ruined that show. 
Best thing is you notice something new that you hadn't before, every time you rewatch
I'm curious if the sound quality in the DVD's is fucky in season 3? I have it all on Amazon and every time I pick a season 3 episode or marathon it the sound distracts and bothers me. Imbalanced, sounds blown out.
I loved everything *except* the stupid finale. That ending was almost stupider than Battlestar Galactica.
I catch reruns on tv. Been watching for years now. 
Shit puppets, bo bandy. 
Oh. It's you.
No spoilers, but the second time around I noticed so much more!
Every episode is great.  I think my favorite is when Todd Rivers is getting chased by the appliances and office supplies.  I couldn't stop laughing.
I doubt it.  It is from the 90's.
I tried to watch it after seeing everyone hyped up after the season 2 trailer, but I only got as far as the little boy with the bike who was honest about the DnD roll getting home and peering through the window shades at the ...thing before I realized that I was home, alone, in the dark, with a disturbingly high proportion of my windows uncovered. So now I'm waiting for a nice sunny morning off from work to pick it up again.
I don't draw it. I know it looks like I do, it's called a style.
I find that Parks and Rec gives me the same type of feel-goodness as Scrubs. It's got that nice balance of sweet/funny/emotional. Obviously without the sad stuff that Scrubs has, but it knows when to get serious. 
you should get some help friendo 
It is pretty upbeat. Except the occasional conflict.  Sometimes i get bored tho. 
I've never had an issue with that on any of the seasons.
Ah okay. I'm at Uni and don't get regular TV, so stuck with Netflix etc. Catch the reruns when I'm back home on breaks
I'm sure. I haven't watched it again because I assumed that once you know the ending, the lack of suspense would spoil it, but I might give it another go. 
Okay. It will be time for a physical copy for me soon then :)
My sister in law in a bukkake
My reflection on the screen. :(
The plot holes. Just the god damn plot holes...
I once stumbled upon live action tentacle porn.  I still have nightmares. 
I just can't get behind prolapses man...  
... Scat porn.... I couldn't unsee it. 
The kind of descriptions that says son fucking mom or dad dicking daughter. Lol no thanks that turns everything off. 
Sounds like Op is numb to regular porn and needs some inspiration.
Most lesbian porn. I don't watch porn anymore, but back when I did, it was usually terrible. Overly-tanned, bleach blonde women with huge fake tits finger-banging each other with long acrylic nails. Makes my vagina cringe.
The gaping videos...oh god the gaping...
Watching Big Titty Nurses 6 but you never watched any of the previous movies so you don't get the plot.
Camgirl straight up starts doing crack mid-vid.
I got pretty deep into efukt after watching the Trolling of Wannabe Porn Stars videos. Came across some shit I can't unsee. Two videos stick out very clearly: one of a dude who has a fetish where a woman in high heels steps on his dick. It goes great until she punctures the vein in his dick. It's like instavomit. The second video is where some skinny old white guy gets off by having a very large black woman sit on one of those geriatric toilets and shit directly into his mouth. Repeatedly.
I mean, the fact that there are soooo many videos about incest and many advertising the barely legal thing is a bit disturbing. 
Beastility, any of that animal-fucking shit
2 girls 1 cup. I've had to convince myself it was special effects just to sleep at night.Also people having an orgy and having bloody meat involved. Nasty.
Parasite poking its head out of Jenna Haze's ass hole. 
The ads.  You ever see he porn ads where the girls are crying and red faced and look like they're not having fun at all?  I always got a creepy feeling I was looking at trafficking victims in those ads.
Nugget porn. please don't google it. 
Asian bestiality. Women and [carp](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Carp) and nobody looked happy. Best of Usenet.
A man shoved his whole head up her snatch, in and out, in and out 
The title: force feeding my wife my proteinStill makes me laugh
Seeing a clear condom turn greenish yellow in a gay anal scene.
The whole step- stuff. Step mom/step son; step bro/step sis; step dad:step daughter. 
I am not fazed by anything in this thread, which is disapppointing. I really do spend too much time browsing the rule 34 website
My own cousin 
Saw a thumbnail of a huge ass dog fucking a woman doggy style. 
On pornhub, an ad keeps popping up for me to grow my junk and it's just a gif of some guy fucking some fruit or something 
Why is there so much granny porn?!
The trend of the women gagging and making vomiting noises. I prefer the women go back to slurp sounds.
1) Incest2) I saw a porn video *very briefly* of women shitting right after the man gets his dick out of their holes. I may never be able to get those images off my mind
Prolapse. Gross.
Homeless orgy.Yeah..  just yea....
Just the usual fake porn with fake women.
Looking up threesomes and without warning one dude just starts chowing down on another dudes dick. Not homophobic just not my cup of tea and when I am in the moment that can kill* my drive let's say.
Girl fucking a guy with some musculoskeletal disease where he could hardly move and she was doing all the work. It was a boner killer. Just awkward as fuck. 
Was browsing a thread that listed all the porn subs of Reddit. I was curious about /r/guro. I felt compelled to wipe my browser history after that.
People screaming about lemon stealing whores is probably in the top 10
I hate seeing women physical abused, like getting hit.No, it isn't sexually arousing for me to see women beaten. 
It was like an interview porn of a girl who had a scarf on. She ends up removing the scarf and she has a scar around her neck. Then it turns into some scary ghost shit. I dont have a link but its weird to go from horny to scared shitless so quickly
[removed]
A girl with an old probably Nokia phone in her crotch,stuck inside. :')
Corn Porn
I was browsing reddit when I came across it. I'm like 90% sure the guy is a friend of mine. However it wasn't posted by him so that makes me wonder if it might have been one of his shitty ex boyfriends who put it online and he might not even know. It looked like the kind of thing you would send to an SO.
Poo
Porn scenes where everyone keeps screaming profanities. Also one that almost made me puke was guy cums in chick #1's ass and chick #2 sucks him off. He then sticks it back in the ass and takes it out again for chick #2 to suck him off again
once saw a porno containing two people, a man and a woman engaging in consensual sex in the missionary position.... for the sole purpose of procreation....I'm still in counseling for this.
What I'm pretty sure were real rapes. And rarely, real minors.A girl vomiting as she rode some guy. Someone asked if she was OK, she nodded and just kept going...The stuff here is pretty tame. Gagging, incest, rough sex? Visit the kinky sister sites and you'll see that's just par for the course. But real rape and real minors? That's stuff I hope to never stumble across again.
One Guy One Jar. Did not watch porn for at least a week after that.
What looked like my math teacher.
Some kind of drowning/choking/hanging porn tumblr, couldn't tell if it was real snuff or not tbh
The girl stepping on his dick
I find the majority of porn starts to be off-putting simply because they are so fake -- giant fake tits, overdone makeup and hair, botox lips, fake lashes, so-called perfect bodies, all the obviously fake moaning and groaning and writhing... nothing like the everyday women I'm attracted to.As far as the bizarre shit being posted here, seen most of it and while I wouldn't fap to it I'm not grossed out by it either. 
I was watching a video of Natalie Lust (the girl from the Teens Love Big Cocks ads) and she had some extra skin hanging out of her vagina and when she rode his dick it would move in and out. At first I thought it was part of her hymen then I realized how naive that was. 
I saw just the thumbnail of a video titled pussy pumping and that instantly killed it.  It looked like the poor girl had gone and turned her vag inside out.
Whenever I pause a pornhub video, it shows a slideshow of these girls who look 11 years old. It's extremely off putting 
Gonna get buried but I seen a baby being held upside down by a naked fat man. Obviously this was the thumbnail if the video because I did not want to click on that video.
A kid.I didn't know what to do. On one hand, I wanted to call the cops. On the other hand, I didn't want to get arrested.I deleted my history, cache, cookies and waited a few weeks for the FBI.To this day, I still don't know what I'm supposed to do if that happens and, I never want the opportunity to test your suggestions.
This happened just the other day. I was watching some amateur porn and the girl was riding the guy and everything was fine, and then I see that their cat is on the bed, against her leg and bouncing up and down with the mattress. It just made me super uncomfortable. 
All of the men are creepy looking. And all of the women have overdone outfits and makeup. If you look like a sex clown banging a creep then I'm out. Just have normal looking people okay?
Tattoos, like you're already a porn star that tramp stamp won't do much for you.
Alright, so, I'm into giantess stuff, so I've seen some weird shit (both literally and figuratively). I could go on for ages.Most off-putting thing overall? Hmm. I once saw a photo collage (the most common type of giantess porn) of a woman cutting up a shrunken man and eating him. A close second was one where a woman put a shrunken man in a blender.Generally speaking, I will nope the fuck out of hard vore (the act of someone being eaten which results in death one way or another) and scat. If there's blood, shit, or piss involved, it's a big no. There are, of course, things that don't do it for me in terms of simple arousal, like futanari or most foot stuff, but if it involves any of the above mentioned I will normally just fuck right off back to normal porn.
Close up of a dude fucking a clear flesh light glued to a tripod. 
When the girl removes her clothing with her back to the camera and shows her ass first.It's an instant turn-off. It's like the entire porn industry thinks that all men like ass to a 'fetish' degree.Since it happens so much, I don't find anything enjoyable. I spend more time searching than actual watching. 
Probably [this](http://efukt.com/21065_The_Creepiest_Motherfucker_in_Porn.html) NSFW
Your mother jks
Poop, animals, obese, fake tits, ever showing a guy's face, most instances of peeing, gangbangs (too many dudes), bukkake. Everything else is fair game. 
Search it. Easy to find and pains my ass on mobile
Was her dick bigger than expected?
We need more details here.
Link so that way we know where not to go.
Don't listen to them.
Black mirror 
I've resorted to wearing a mask. You wouldn't believe the difference it makes. 
http://www.whompcomic.com/2012/12/10/dating-simian/
So many holes... 
I saw a woman put a live fish in her vagina. What is it with porn and sea creatures?
Do you want to know where to find more? I have a small collection. It's not much, though.
My friend has a kink for that. I asked her to explain it and all she could say was There's just something so sexy about an inside thing suddenly being on the outside. It's hot for things to be wrong.Freaks me out either way.  
I don't really want to be out in front, either.
Prolapse man. Fighter of the rectum man. Seriously disturbing stuff. Can't be good long term
Oh man, nothing ruins a tug session like browsing videos and seeing a thumbnail looking like a chili dog exploded. 
I know right, you load up a video, get it out of your pants,everything is just fine and dandy..And then the singing starts.
If it makes you feel better, I'm sure they weren't actually related
Yeah. I agree. I was okay calling my SO Daddy (but not roleplaying as if I was his daughter) until we became pregnant. That term no longer holds the same meaning. He's now Daddy, father of my child and not Daddy, fuck me harder. 
Daddy I'm cumming!Hi cumming, I'm dad!
The description isn't even sure what's in the video?
We gotta break that shell: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ksJpuznVJFM
It's gotten better. 
Pics or it didn't happen.
I don't understand the fascination with it. Almost every anal video has it though, so there must be demand for it. 
Just imagine someone eating cereal out of a gaping asshole. That sticks with you
Link?
I know people who actively look for drug use in their porn searches....
So, fucking another girl?
Kill me, please. 
>  It goes great until she punctures the vein in his dick.Is that the one where you can see his hands in the background clenching and shaking. Where you can see every emotion he had, all the instant regret...just from his hand movement?> The second video is where some skinny old white guy gets off by having a very large black woman sit on one of those geriatric toilets and shit directly into his mouth....I normally have a high tolerance for fucked up shit. But...I think I might go to Church tomorrow now...I feel like I need Jesus now. Badly. 
The second  one made me sick just  reading it so I can only imagine  the mental  scar one has watching it
I'm pretty sure the incest thing has more to do with the taboo of the situation than actually porking a relative. The barely legal stuff though...that's a little unnerving, what with how close that is to paedophilia.
Woah, link? Not for fapping, but just because I wanna see if it was an actual parasite.
I don't think that was real.
You've piqued my curiosity.
I just ate so I'm not googling anything like that tonight, but this can't be real, right?
If God didn't intend for beastiality to happen, why would He have made fish so fucking sexy?
Le rissssky click xD
WAS SHE 110 OR SOMETHING?
Ran into a video of this on Limewire back when I was around 11 or 12. It can never be unseen
I think I know what you were talking about. It was an ad or something. But the flashbacks... oh god the flashbacks.
Big ass vag
...How?
Drink this whole shaker cup full of whey, bitch. You like that, don't you, you little slut?
Heat activated colour changing latex! Heat activated colour changing latex! HEAT ACTIVATED COLOUR CHANGING LATEX!
If you're going to go incest might as well go full incesr
what other style would he use? lol
WTF is an ass dog? 
I fucking hate those, they're always there and I find them extremely unsettling.
There is? Maybe stop searching for it then? Big data knows exactly who you are. 
You do realize that 90% of the time those noises aren't voluntary...right?
Gagging seems to turn a lot of people on. If she's actually vomiting, something is wrong.My advice: Let the giver control the situation. Tell them how it'll feel better for you, but don't force them to hold it. You don't have to deep throat. You don't have to hold it in your mouth to the point of gasping for air and breathe through your nose. 
I love incest porn...Oh momma!!
So I clicked on it. Looked at some posts and mi still don't get it. Is it eating? Killing? Amputees? All of the above?
What was it? I don't wanna look...
Thank you.
>CTRL+ 'F' Lemon>1 resultLegitmatly suprised this is the only reference
Offputting? What do you mean, Lemon Stealing Whore is The Room of porn
Yeah the men should be the one being beaten!
There are no chicks with dicks, only guys with tits.
So, like porn on the cob?
I want like normal, average looking people in porn. Fake tans, extremely toned muscles, perfectly unmarred skin without birthmarks or freckles or little scars or whatnot, perfect hair glued down with bottles of hairspray, and a shitload of makeup won't get me off. Those overly dramatic moans and whimpers are fake. Things that I can tell are extremely forced or fake, won't get me off. 
Dude, relax. Arse revealed facing the camera, tits revealed facing the camera. We're not all into CFNM. 
Lame 
Bigger than yours?
Specific details
Watch and furiously masturbate instead...
Would it kill you if you took the mask off?
I mean first I'm watching the intro, and then all of a sudden they're on the couch. And I'm left there thinking What about the kissing, the cuddling, the love making? Porn isn't what it used to be ;)
Three to be exact 
There's also that video of that japanese girl putting eels in here asshole. Eel soup I think it's called.
She took salty surprise to a whole knew level
Racing pun?
Please no. I'm pegging You.Edit: *begging
Oh. I was so thrown off because I was on a completely different comment chain discussing the untapped market of heelies pornFor those unfamiliar, heelies are a type of child's shoe with removable wheels in the heels.
And his arms weren't actully broken
Yeah, it's normally just the taboo that gets people going, assuming they're into it. Same thing for interracial porn, but to a lesser degree.
lol it's doesn't matter if the dad isn't the dad in the description. It just doesn't sound .... right , gives a bad image lmao !! And lol I tried that jokingly with my girlfriend and she was like no ew dad no. 
It has? Thank you, Kevin, for your input.
It's almost like some people have different opinions to you. 
Is what the geriatric toilet is silently screaming.
It wasn't. It's just skin. 
Quad amputees, sometimes they've got someone to help them perform
.. Er, check-mate, atheists??
You know you can hover over the URL and see that it's fucking wikipedia, right?
109 1/2
112 with rice.
Image search man sticks head in vagina
That's where I found it
He was bald, and he just sat there and I only saw the part where he started with his head. They had already used fingers, then hand, hands, etc.. So he pushed his head up, put, more, out, more, out, and finally in it goes, he didn't go in up to chin that I can recall but he went deep enough. 
There's on on porn hub right now where they use a like a surgical helper to help stretch her
You like that, you fucking retard?
Twins. 
Idk. Do I woof like a dog to you?
I don't, yet I stumble onto it all too often. And I use private browsing, so it's not cookies 
I don't mind if time to time it occurs, but it's far from 90% being involuntary.
I'm talking about porn. They way these pornstars do it is just annoying. A little bit shows enthusiasm, every five seconds is off-putting to me. 
And torture.
Just dive in. ^youknowyouwantto 
Hardcore cornography.
Precisely. I never imagined seeing a woman shoving a cob of corn in her cornucopia, but Google images can teach a girl a lot. 
disgusting
Most of them are :/
Like a link for instance 
It would be extremely painful.
TIL that Vader watches porn
It would be very painful
It's exactly what it used to be
Come to the yiff side, we have plots and romances.
Unless you make more. 
I've seen small fish, flowers, cereal, heels, heels, You name it. None of this was by choice.  
> I think it's called.Uh huh... you *think* it's called.
I don't want to go any further please:(
Shake and bake
Well glad you edited. I'd have been surprised to miss my own pegging. 
> For those unfamiliar, heelies are a type of child_
every. motherfucking. thread.
Dear. God. Why.
/r/jesuschristredit
Yeah, there's no way black and white people REALLY sleep together /s
I agree. I tried it with my partner and it wasn't for us. Especially now that we have our own child on the way. Grosses both of us out. 
Ignore that guy. Lesbian porn still sucks. Most of these chicks are clearly not lesbians, and it's clearly directed by some man who *thinks* he knows what lesbian sex should look like.
I would recommend the foreign lesbian porn, but not the Japanese ones.
Men missing somethingThat's a thing.
I know. I agree with you. 
Nope. Nope. Nope. I don't want to. 
Some things can only be learned the hard way. 
For scientific reasons
You're a big guy...
Or Bane
Autoerotic asphyxiation?
You're a big guy
It's just like, absolutely not. 
>we have plotsYeah, Furry Fandom plot. It's like anime...but 1000% more over the top and cliche! >romancesNot very often, and it usually is just as believable as normal live action porn 'romance'.
Fuck her right in the stoma
Heelys?
I feel like heels and flowers are the least weird things on this list.
You know you've made it in life when you can eat froot loops out of a girl's asshole.
Yes, but what about heels?
You just turn around and I'm going balls deep or something. Surprise buttsex?
Is there a part of the comment missing?._.
And even the ones without that! 
I know you're being sarcastic, but I feel the need to clarify that a bit of the turn on for some people with interracial porn is the forbidden aspect of interracial relationships in (at least North American) society.Again, it's not a huge part of it and only applies to some people. I'm not trying to generalize.
I mean this *is* reddit after all. If you're determined, I'm sure there is some fantastic amateur stuff on some niche sub reddit.
Eunuchs?
Feel the pull of the abyss. It's bottomless darkness beckons you to just let go of that fine edge betwixt insanity and salvation. 
I don't know about the rest of these yahoos, but I want to fap to the SIL
Fur you.
The fire rises! 
We give the porn back to you... The people.
For you
For you
r/jesuschristreddit
Nevermind. I guess I haven't. But then there's gonna be a redditor that sees this and carries out the deed. If I get a PM with a link to heely porn, I swear to my lord...Edit: screenshotting this so if it happens, I can say I called it.
>heels and flowersI don't think You understand. Full blown spikes and bouquets.
Oh no. You've seen it, too....
Nah we've been there. Pronzhub. Wish I hadn't._.
The thought is scary. 
No it's anything and everything. It's all fair game.
I fell... Brought me to a blank page though. Maybe it's a sign. Lol
You didn't link him anything though
So was this all part of your plan, the off-putting and porn going together?
If it happens, you should post it to r/gonewild and r/heelys
Still less weird than fish and cereal, though.
That You're so loose or me being there out of nowhere? Or both? I'd be scared too lol.
... I'll leave that to them. I can't take responsibility for that on my posts section. Now if there's money involved, that's a different story.Holy christ, there's a subreddit for heelys? I'm done.
Me being pegged or any buttsex, surprise or not. Had a finger in there once. It wasn't comfortable. 
I can safely say I've never had anything like that happen to me. I pray it never does. Are You okay?
There was a blow job involved at the time so while I had mixed feelings... I'm okay with it. 
Pre-computer: very littlePre-cell phone:  So much.  
Pre-computer, I miss reading books from cover to cover in a day or 2, instead of having millions of articles of whatever available to hold my attention for 3 minutes max. I also miss not comparing everything I do with everything my high school friends are doing 30 years after we graduated. Pre-cell phone, oh my god, how I miss not having to worry about who called, what they needed, if they left a message or call back number. We didn't even have an answering machine until I was well into college, and certainly no caller ID until maybe 15 years ago? The sheer enjoyment of dialing a phone, feeling that heavy receiver, and slamming it down if you were mad was such a great feeling. If you missed a call, too bad, so sad. Back in the day, we just lived on the edge.
I miss the lengthy and meaningless conversations about trivia or hypothetical situations. We used to kill whole afternoons that way, and now it just seems like somebody googles it, finds an answer, and ends the train of conversation.It's great how much better our access to information has become, but I still miss fighting with my brother about how pineapples grow, or whether or not our dog *really* understands his name.
Pre-cell phone: When you were out, that was it. No one could get in touch with you until you came back home again. That was some freedom right there. Coming back to the answering machine was pretty fun too, especially if you had creative friends leaving creative messages. Also, talking on an old phone was way more comfortable than talking on a cell. Pre -computers? Nothing. Computers made everything better. 
People being able to enjoy an experience as it happens without taking photos or selfies
It was a lot easier to focus back then.
Drivers paying attention to driving.
Not being expected to be in constant instantaneous contact with friends, family and work.
People seemed to have had more patience.
I miss writing and receiving hand written letters.   Emails are the Cliff Notes of what letters used to be.  Other messaging  doesn't even compare.  
Resourcefulness when figuring out the answer to a question/problem.  If I needed to change my oil, I'd either have to find someone to teach me, go to the library or just figure it out myself.  I've learned a lot from YouTube and forums, but I think you miss out on something when you don't figure it out through the old channels.   
I miss the arrival of computers.The first computers that you or I could buy were primitive but exciting. I owned a [Timex Sinclair 2068](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Timex_Sinclair_2068) when I was 14. On startup, it gave you a prompt so you could write a BASIC program. If you wanted to save it, you saved it to a tape recorder. When I ran out of patience with BASIC I learned some assembly language  you just PEEKed and POKEd right into the memory registers. You could write code very close to the metal, and had to if you want to do much.In this context, the arrival of things like a graphical user interface was just amazing  MacPaint? Drawing with a mouse? Lasso'ing a section and moving it around? It was staggering. Then multitasking, and the internet  all a revelation.I don't doubt that more amazements are to come. But I feel lucky to have seen it grow from as far back as I did. The wonderment of an actual *computer*  on your desk!  is something that won't come around again.
Of course younger me had a different perspective but the news seemed to be more reserved and dignified, now it seems like everything has to be overly opinionated and sensationalized to get the clickbait.
Not knowing what everyone was up to all the time.  I actually feel bad for my kids because it's impossible for them to do anything without all of their friends knowing. Oh, you said you didn't want to go out last night, but I saw you on Facebook at Becky's party.
Bicycle gangs, I haven't seen one in years and I'm not talking about the pathetic MAMIL's you see thinking its tour de France. They where so ingrained in society nearly every movie from  the 80's that featured children had bike gangs.
I could make something up and nobody could prove me wrong without going to a library.
Just finding stuff to do that seems like it was more constructive and healthy than wasting time on the internet now. Books, legos, wandering outside, taking turns with friends on Nintendo, homework...
My childhood.
there is nothing I miss about the pre-computer world. I can't ever imagine going back to those days. I love computers way too much. 
Electrical engineering. Schematics. Knowing electronics. Not caring anything about anything digital. Circuits that could be fixed. Designing really cool stuff from scratch. And never hearing the expression that any kid knows all that stuff.
I'm just reaching my twenties, which I don't consider myself to be older, but I miss a lot about the pre-compter (advanced computers and internet). I miss having a longer attention span and how creative my friends and I could be when we're bored. I miss being able to hold conversations without having my friends have to check their phones every few minutes. I love how simple they've made life, but at the same time, they almost kill creativity, imagination, and even day-to-day social interaction.
this is going to sound weird, but it's been on my mind today.A lack of instant experts. I know that there's always been know it alls but it seems like the internet has made it easier for people that haven't *done* anything to act like they understand a topic.Hey, you've only been lifting for 3 months, but you've read starting strength and 5/3/1 so that makes you an expert!Hey, you've gone shooting twice but you've read online about a lot of gun related shit so you're an expert on shooting!Hey, you've never played a snap of football but you've read about it a bit so you're basically a GM!Hey, you've bred one pair of cornsnakes, but you've read everything Bill and Kathy Love ever wrote so you're practically a herpetologist (and I'm not knocking Bill and Kathy, they're great people, but reading them isn't the same thing as *doing* things yourself).I know there's always been people like that but it seems like the internet has made it a worse/more widespread.
Not being called older.
Being outside with my family not looking at any screens. Learning by using my head not just googling something. Feeling free. Being young. 
Playing outside  (to be fair, this has as much to do with no internet as it does with much fewer kidnappings and helicopter parents)
My ability to fly through books. 
Definitely eye contact. Not so much computers but,smart phones.
Privacy. It's essentially extinct. I'm too old for any social media and it's not a problem for me but I see it wth my kids. Everyone knows everyone's shite
Being able to apply for a job by mailing the employee a paper resume & knowing that somebody would at least look at it.
For me it's social media combined with cell phones. I miss the pre smart phone e days.
Why can't anybody be reckless anymore without having to find out about it on snapchat the next day?
Pushing people into pools used to be fun and harmless; now it's just fun.
I really feel like my attention span has plummeted since I've had the internet. Twenty years ago, I had focus. Now I check every fb video before I watch it to make sure it's not more than 30 seconds long. 
I, too, miss friendly debates with my friends and family.  There is no more arguing about the order of the Beatles albums, or who lead the league in home runs in 1980.  Even post-internet,  I used to call my dad and hum a few bars of a song I heard on the radio so he could tell me what it was. But now I just Shazam it and Dad complains I never call anymore.
In the good old days, I rarely hung up on anyone with my face. 
This right here.  Not only for distractions, but also presmartphones drivers were better at actually figuring out how to find their way around.
I drove into the city the other day, saw one person taking on the phone, another watching a movie, and another texting. No wonder car deaths are on the rise.
Holy fuck, this. It's like you can't get any peace anymore. No matter what you do or where you go, someone can bother you. 
They pretty much had to.
TL;DR
Similar: pen pals.  Like actually writing someone.  That shit was awesome at school.
As much as I desperately wish I could go back in time, the number one thing that would drive me insane would be not being able to Google anything. I am an information junkie. I don't know how I survived pre-google. 
I like to tell young people about my families first computer. I believe it was a Commodore 64. You had to spend an hour or several hours copying line after line of code so that eventually, you could play Pong. But if you made even one mistake, it wouldn't work and you'd have to start all over again. 
Back in the day, if it was on the news, you just believed it. There was just no question in most people's minds that it must be true. Nowadays, you can't believe anything you hear. All the news outlets are totally biased one way or another, and half of them are satire that people think is legit. 
You mean like kids with bmx's a la ET and Stranger Things?Or like Hells Angels?
Honestly, as a whole I love my smart phone and I accept that we're better off with them.  There was just something good about making plans and sticking with them.  Having flexibility is good, expecting flexibility at all times gets exhausting.
I feel like my whole being has had to adjust to social media. It has given me this horrible compulsion to announce everything in my life as it happens. I'm getting better, though.
I actually feel really bad for the younger generation when it comes to this.  We were all just as stupid as they were, but our shit didn't get constantly recorded, then sent out to the whole world.Worst case scenario, mom and dad caught it on the camcorder (or got a picture) and your girlfriends would get to see it years later when it was actually just kind of funny.
I learned how to drive with GPS, and feel completely inept without it. Doesn't help that I live in a city, and don't drive to commute so there's no built-up memory of the road layouts or what connects to what. Honestly, I have no idea which highway goes where, or which exit to take. Without GPS I'd be unable to get anywhere!
Kids and ET. 
I shunned it all pretty quickly and as far as real social media sites that link to your true identity, I've only briefly signed up if at all.
Since it's true for everyone, no one will care once the older generation ages out.
Yikes.  Granted, you're simply a product of your environment, but that's the environment that I lament.Presuming you're in the US.... interstate highways are the blue shield ones.  Two digit numbers are the main ones, and a third digit means it interests the second and third digit somewhere along the way.  As in, 95 is a main one and 695 intersects it.  Odd numbers go north-south, even numbers go east-west.  Exits are numbered according to distance from the western state line (on east-west highways) or distance from the southern border (on north-south highways).  Also, never drive in New Jersey if you can help it.  Those roads were laid out by a drunk kid with a crayon and make no sense.  Just like their left turns.
I don't know, I know a few people who work very hard to keep their kids off social media.  It'll be interesting to see how this plays out in the long run, with some people's entire lives being documented publicly.  
Probably about the same overall impact as parents who don't let their kids watch TV. Sure, some do that, but it's pretty rare especially outside well-educated / affluent parents.
Any hobby I wanted to start as a child my family would procure the materials within a week. Painting, archery, flying lessons,  water skiing (the skis, not a boat) and so on. Anything I wanted to try my parents would make sure I got the opportunity. It took me a while to realize what an incredible gift that was. 
My fianc was telling me a story about the exchange students that lived with them and how they were so nice and would help take care of the house.  I asked him why his exchange students stayed with them for so long, when all my high school exchange student friends had only stayed for a semester.It was at that moment he realized that he grew up with Swiss nannies. 
My parents divorced and remarried when I was young, so I essentially grew up in two households with two sets of parents. My dad owned a private jet that he'd use for our family trips and visits and my step dad was a pilot in his free time, and he also owned a plane. So I naturally assumed everyone else's parents also owned a plane and could take off whenever they'd please.I also assumed every kid had their own pony or horses cause my dad would buy me one every year. Naw, turns out I was a sheltered brat.
Not rich but my mom was a air hostess so I had all those special airplane tickets which would allow me to travel for a fraction of the price. I litteraly used planes like a bus. My best was a weekend spent in Kinshasa from Paris. Two 8hours night flights.It ended at 26 and I discovered pain.
That not everyone went on holidays to five star hotels every couple of months. I also thought until I was 10 that virtually everyone owned an overseas holiday home. I remember asking my friend where he went on holidays and he was like well I only go away every couple of years, to which I said but what do you do with your abroad house if you're only visiting it every few years. That day really stunned me I must say
I always knew there were really poor people because my parents have always done a lot of charity, but it took me a while to realize that the middle class exists. It sounds stupid when I put it that way, but it simply didn't click that just because someone has a relatively nice house and doesn't need charity to survive, that doesn't mean they can take two months to do an unpaid internship in a foreign city (a fact which was rightfully but still bitterly thrown in my face by a friend).
When I was really young, around four years old, I thought our family was kind of poor. It was simple really, when we went traveling we had to fly this small plane. And while our plane could only fit like 15 people, the other planes at the airport were huge and looked like they could fit hundreds. And we had to drive to our plane, meanwhile the rest had these fancy connecting walkways. I remember it took me about a year or two to learn the difference between commercial and private airplanes.
That our maids didn't have maids at their home. Till I was like 7 or 8, I firmly believed every single house had 3 maids (like we did). Basically an endless loop of sorts...
What I didn't realize until I was older was that most people don't have the safety net of being well-connected that wealthy people have. Just by virtue of where I grew up, there are probably 25+ people I could call who would either outright give me a good job or get me in for an interview that I'd have to fuck up to not get the job. And that doesn't even change in a recession.
I thought almost every mom was a stay at home housewifeI also thought people dont eat clean only because they lack discipline. Only when i got older did i realize that not everyone has the time and physical energy to cook almost every meal, nor the money to buy healthy stuff fresh and make them taste good (inb4 lentils, lentils are disgusting). Plus, after too many shitty days, comfort food can be the only reprieve. 
I hate all of you
Many many things. 1. Chandeliers and all marble floors are expensive items. Not common. 2. Chauffeurs and chefs are very useful people. 3. Having an attached bathroom to every bedroom 4. Gated house with 24/7 armed security. 5. 4 lawns6. Indoor cycling tracks. We had them within our property. Not inside the house. Just inside the gate 7. Personal small zoo. I had deer, monkeys, 30 pairs of pigeons etc 8. Leave the bedroom unclean and come back to find it tidy with laundry done 9. In house intercom in every room. That's just the top of my head. 
Oh my fucking God. I had a roommate that had money. But she had been raised in a social vacuum. She didn't know that people didn't just all have PhD's. She literally thought everyone got one. (Like into high school.) And she had no concept of simple things. Like she TRULY didn't know she had to collect her mail, or how to use a dishwasher. Last I heard, she was picked to present her collegiate findings to a company sponsoring them, and she gave them everything. The sponsor then fired the whole group because they could, take it from there. She was only asked to give details, not full on plans and instructions on their work. I could go on, but why?
I dated a guy whose family owned horses and had more cars than they could count. Neither him or his family were snobby. I was raised on a budget, my brother and I had a single mother. I went to a Goodwill to look for some stuff and found something I thought my BF would like. I texted him and he responded:What is a goodwill?
A few things only hit me once I was an adultThe reason some of my freinds family's moved house so much was because they rented, and what their parents could afford changed a lot. The concept of someone being a parent and *not* owning their own home just didn't occur to me. (I live in London, so it's not like home ownership is common) Also, taking education for granted. The Sri Lankan and Ghanian girls in my school got so pissed when I'd mess around with some of the boys in RE... Turned out because they felt lucky to be in education at all, and one had to leave home at 16 to carry on to higher education :( 
I grew up upper middle class so we didn't go nuts but could afford everything we needed. I saw a commercial about low income dental care and it started with someone talking about how they just can't afford it. I laughed, thinking it was a joke, like who can't afford *the dentist?* Turns out a crapton of people. Humbled.I also thought everyone's grandma gave them $100 for their birthday. Guess that only happens when Granny has 2 grandkids and a lot of income from her orchard.
Always had maids. I'm in my mid twenties now traveling for work. I was sweeping and I got frustrated and complained to my boyfriend that the dust keeps coming back. And he said, that's what happens, you have to sweep every week.I also have never thought about laundry or dealt with it and it's way harder than I thought. I switched to an all black wardrobe because I got tired of my expensive clothes getting ruined.
My best friend once went to the store with a $20 bill to get a 2L bottle of pop and was worried she wouldn't have enough. I had to show her how to use my toaster (its a regular toaster where you push down), and she had never had mac and cheese before in her life. Once, I had corndogs in my freezer and she wanted one, so I told her could make one. She ended up having to get me to put it in the microwave for her because she had no idea what to do.
Traveling abroad on extravagant vacations in only 5 star resorts. By the time I was 5, I had been to 5/7 continents and didn't realize how odd that was.
When I found out my mom never had new shoes growing up. Every article of clothing, every sock, shirt, etc, was a hand-me-down from her 3 older sisters. Her first new shoes were when she left home and got a job.  Now she won't stop buying crap for my kids.  She's come a long way from abject poverty to middle class comfort. 
The concept of sharing a bathroom was foreign to me. I mean, my parents did, but they had 2 sinks, a shower with 2 heads, and they slept in the same bed so naturally they shared a bathroom, but both my sisters and I had separate bathrooms. What a blessing that was
I didn't know anyone that lived in an apartment until my late teens. I knew apartments existed but I assumed that people owned them like they would own a house.
My parents divorced when I was seven after my Father committed tax fraud (and adultery). Prior to that 'normal' was a few hundred-acre country home and private school. 'Otherwise', turned out to be a council estate home, comprehensive (state) school and jam sandwiches for dinner.
I'm having such an opposite realisation... In my later childhood (12 years old and later), I thought we were rich because my mom stopped aggressively couponing, and we could buy what we wanted at the grocery store without looking at it. As an adult, I know at best we were middle class. Now I am in my 30s with kids, and I can shop at Target or grocery stores  without really thinking about how much anything costs or not worry about paying for little extras (sports uniforms, musical instruments), I thought ''haha, bet the kids thought/think we're rich.' But... Probably they don't because kids these days are less naive than i was
I'm embarrassed to admit didn't realize that not being able to afford college was a thing until about high school. I thought my family was about average growing up though my family makes over 100k because I went to a private school that was mostly insanely rich people. I also couldn't understand why people didn't shop at Whole Foods.
[deleted]
I grew up in the wealthiest town in my state despite being very middle class. We lived on the outskirts of town because the school system there was great so my parents scraped by to live there. My friends all literally life In mcmansions and have multiple houses, maids, expensive hobbies,  etc. My friend one time asked me why I never posted vacation pictures on facebook and i said because my parents can't afford vacations The look on her face was complete confusion. Like she literally could not fathom not having money. She asked what I meant, and i explained that my parents didnt have the money for that. She just kind of said oh....huh but didn't seem to really wrap her head around itedit:typo
Also whenever I vacationed abroad, my cousins and I had this absolutely obscene fetish of renting out the most expensive luxury cars (Im talking Bentleys and Aston Martins and Rolls Royces and stuff- sorry not a car person), and just go cruising around middle-class neighbourhoods/hang-out spots to pick up girls or revel in the awe of the people passing by. See we came from the 1% kinda elite family in one of the poorest countries in the world- Bangladesh. So for white people in the States, Germany, Netherlands, Italy, etc. to absolutely lose their shit when we threw hundreds of thousands around like loose change in their country...well, I cant really describe the feeling. Its ridiculous.
Not rich but above average.I would travel twice a year overseas. usually spending January/February in the gulf and summer in Asia, I realized that when i was 11 years old and not everyone travelled yearly.
Embarrassingly, it took me a couple years of college to figure out that A. Not everyone's parents paid for their school and apartment and car and bills. B. That some people had had bad high school experiences and that public schools were really a thing. I had no frame of reference. C. that I had gotten extremely special treatment on my handful of run ins with the law.I honest to god thought cops were just cool guys who wouldn't bust you for drugs or dui unless you killed someone. I no longer have my head in my ass but it quite the awakening.
I thought it was normal to just abandon your car when it runs out of gas....
Someone I knew in high school was extremely wealthy. The first time we went over to his house, he was really nervous. He kept saying stuff like My family used to be rich. We used to live in a really big house before my dad lost his job and we moved here. He kept going on and on about this and was very insecure.Then we get to his house and it's a freaking mansion with a six car garage. He was 18 and drove a black convertible that was about $100,000 minimum, not including the custom work they had done to it.He had a gorgeous backyard with a canopied patio and outdoor kitchen and an in-ground hot tub and he thought he was poor because he didn't have a pool.His bedroom was double the size of my parents' master bedroom and had skylights and a gorgeous hotel suite like bathroom and walk-in closet.He also had a wine cellar and maids.As we were walking around his house, I noticed how empty it was and our other friend asked where his family was. His 16 year old sister was casually doing an internship for photography and staying by herself in a rented mansion in LA. His older brother was on an extended ski trip with his friends in the mountains.And his parents were on a month long vacation in the Caribbean. The only reason he was still in town and living alone was because he was supposed to be getting stuff together for college. What did that entail? His parents giving him a credit card and telling him to buy whatever he wanted.It was actually quite sad. The house was so huge and he had been staying there all by himself while his family was off in random places. After I left I kept picturing this guy walking around in his professionally decorated mansion all alone and cooking another frozen Whole Foods pizza to eat by himself. But then I remembered he could eat it in his home movie theatre while sitting in one of 14 massage chairs.We actually spent a lot of time at his house that summer. Even though his parents were never home we never threw parties or trashed the place or anything. He mostly just wanted people to talk to and listen to music with or play video games in his room. (He had a giant flat screen and surround sound and floor to ceiling shelving with every game and console imaginable.)I actually ran into him about a year ago around December. He seemed decently happy and had graduated from an extremely nice college two years early, had his own small apartment with a roommate (he could afford one of his own but didn't like being lonely), and had adopted a cat! He also had three cars. He ended up taking a year to travel the United States in a shitty beat up van with his high school friends and took up photography as a hobby. He showed me a bunch of pictures from his trip out west. Then casually mixed in were some pictures of him and Orlando Bloom.Remember that mansion his parents were renting for his 16 year old sister? They ended up buying it to use as a summer home and it just so happened that their closest neighbor was none other than Orlando Bloom.But remember guys, he used to be way richer!
I've grown up lower-middle class, but my mom married a rich guy and his daughter is clueless as to how much money she has. -I'm not UPPER CLASS, I'm upper-middle! I don't know why she does this , but it's annoying. -I had to explain to her that sometimes you have to throw toilet paper in the trash at some places because the water pressure isn't good and she replied with, But that's...gross and unhygienic. Yeah, and common. -Can't your dad just get you a better one? When I told her I have to use my grandmothers 98 broken down car as my starter. No, I'm poor.-Why aren't you buying anything? When her dad gave me $200 for a shopping trip and I was scared to use it because I knew I couldn't pay it back (even when I didn't need to). I'd never seen that much money before. -I'm coming back later, I'll do it then, I had asked why she ate burgers the entire trip (she's very unhealthy) and not tried any of the food from the country we were staying at. -Why are you happy about college? It's just more years of school. I didn't have the money for college growing up, now I do and know I'm going to a good college and might get a job in my dream field. -Why would they allow that at your school? After I told her about the time a pregnant seventh grader leapt over a table to slap a girl. Maybe because I went to a trashy school with rough kids?? All I have for now. Hope y'all have a good day. 
I thought everyone bought a lot of groceries for Thanksgiving until I accompanied a pantry delivery in fourth grade.  The woman running it let me help carry the bags to every house until one.  For that one, she told me to wait in the car, but from my seat I could still see the person who answered the front door.  It was my friend's mom.  When the pantry runner returned she asked if I understood why she told me to wait in the car.  I told her I did, and it was probably why that friend always avoided inviting anyone over.  She explained that it shouldn't change how I treat my friend, but it should inform how I treat people.That experience really made me aware of how lucky I was to be wealthy. ...Later on in college, when people put me in charge of the Thanksgiving dinner because they never cooked before, and laughed when I put the groceries in the snow, I realized there were a lot more levels to being wealthy lol
A good friend of mine from college grew up with money. Lots of money. He ended up coming with me to go grocery shopping one time and was horrified that I was getting store brand items. He said that he had never had or heard of such a thing. 
My son flew coach class for the first time in the fourth grade.  He asked why anyone would want to sit back here 
I read through a fair bit of these and tried to list things not already listed.1. Parents that are always home because they don't need to work.2. Trips across the country every weekend so your parents could go SCCA racing (I'd been to 48 states by 7, I think).3. Multiple garages (my parents have 8-cars worth of garage space).4. Getting a job is difficult. I made a point to get a job on my own, but I'm entirely sure I could have gotten one with a single phone call and wearing a suit. Probably making more money than I do now, too...5. Having a room for each activity in the house. Pool/ping pong room, drum/guitar room, etc.6. Having lots of land to do whatever you wanted in. Primarily for dirt-biking.7. WHAT DO YOU MEAN SOME PEOPLE DON'T HAVE DIRT-BIKES AND 4-WHEELERS AND GO-KARTS?!8. I thought having to share a run-way with 5 other houses was pretty normal. Learned later it is definitely not, and is still a private runway.EDIT: Changed some things after asking my dad. Also, he reminded me to put in that we had a dirt bike track in the backyard... Which was the source of lots of broken bones for me. >.>I learned how weird some of that was when I moved out. It was an experience.
My husband grew up privileged and I grew up poor and we keep finding these differences all the time even after almost a decade together. It's so strange I ended up with someone who used to to go abroad at least once every year, his father's family has a fucking house in Italy! Meanwhile I spent most summers at home or at my grandparents' summer cottage just 45min away. His parents have owned a flat worth millions of Swedish crowns for years now in Stockholm city while mine just recently was finally able to buy a house for the first time in their lives(over 50).
We weren't rich in the sense of like, extravagant vacations, 5 star hotels, and big super fancy cars. My parents always taught us and practiced themselves financial security, saving, budgeting, etc. We had shitty 1990 Toyota vans and drove them until pretty much every door except the side left door were broke and miles were maxed out. We always made sure to check for coupons and use them to our full advantage when we went to any story. Always planned out exactly what we were gonna buy and the prices of them. Etc. etc. I will say though, we do make, both parents combined, around 450K per year after taxes, which is way better than the average income.I didnt realize how...unsupportive parents could be. Not in like a cruel sense, but in the sense of they just dont have the resources to support their child sometimes in certain scenarios. If one of my friends goes out to a friend event, they have to drive themselves and aren't spotted any money. When I go out, my parents will offer to drive me (despite having a drivers licence) and usually pay me anywhere from 20 to 60 dollars, saying I should buy some pizzas for my friends. I usually decline, but I sometimes take it and head their advice. I thought parents always gave their children money to help out, up until I was like 14.I also thought parents would be supportive of stuff like hobbies. Granted, its partly due to my more reserved and laid back nature, so I dont ask for much, but when I say, I wanna do X, whether it be me buying a game, book, etc. They will nearly always say, Sure! and then exceed my expectations by doing stuff like Hey, why not get two or three? Like (and this is kinda a weird tangent but it relates) I wanted to buy some fabric in secrecy for a fursuit, and when my parents figured out, not only were they happy for me, but they drove me down to Joann's Fabrics to buy me around 100 dollars worth of supplies to make it. My friends are kinda forced to fend for themselves, or get a job, or just take the answer of no. And sure, there have been times where I have to say no, but honestly its not because of money issues, its because they don't want to spoil me, and they tell me that numerous times.I think the prime example of this was when I was asking my mom if I could do a roadtrip for my 18th birthday, and I asked my mom if I could stay in a hotel or something for a night with like two friends. My mom said not only could we do it, but said why not rent out a fancy condo for two nights, and invite five friends, and maybe even rent a car?
Not everyone has a magic debit card that refills itself every other day or so. My parents cut me off when I got married at 22, but thank God my wife was raised 100% different than I was. It was a rough couple of years to start, but we are now solidly upper middle class. 
Wouldn't say I grew up rich, but my best friend and I both grew up in families that did pretty well.Years later, after I'd been dating my girlfriend for a while, I realized just how privileged I was. I wanted to go into the entertainment industry, and my parents were really supportive. I had a car when I was 16. They bought me a $2,000 computer and an $800 camera so I could learn about filming and production. They paid for classes and programs for me. By my mid twenties, I was able to have a pretty good job in the field I wanted. My girlfriend wanted to be a graphic designer, but her parents couldn't buy her a car to go to classes. They couldn't afford to get her a nice computer or design programs she would need. She went to a community college. In the end, she's still managed to work in the field she wanted. But seeing her journey vs mine made me realize how easy I had it, and totally understand why not everyone can do what they want to. As a teenager I used to be really judgmental of people who didn't get their dream job. Obviously it was their fault for not working hard enough. Now I see there's a lot more involved. 
Direct deposit. Didn't know what a check-cashing service was.
My then bf, now spouse, made an offhand comment about how cheesy it is to frame one's college diploma, because it's not like they're a huge deal. I'm the first person in my family to go to college. Damn right I framed it.
My parents did a pretty good job teaching us that not everyone is as fortunate as we are from a very young age, so I don't know that there was anything I ever really took for granted.
I grew up poor, but I went to a high school with a lot of rich kids. I can not say all of them took it for granted, but most did. They did anything they wanted: smoked weed, had brand new cars by 16, etc. And there was a clique amongst them as they could not relate to other poor kids. 
Not rich, but like pretty above average. Apparently not everyone gets whatever amount of money, whenever they need it, for snacks and shit. Not like anything, I mean like food and drinks and snacks and pizza and shit.  Although, I probably still use only about as much money as the average person per year, since I only make like 1-3 bigger purchases per year, and even those are only like $100-200.
I'm not the rich person in this story, but when I was a kid, I had a friend from a rich family. One day, he related a story about the time his computer just kept breaking - he had to constantly back up his savegames and reinstall his video games because his parents would have to buy him a new gaming machine every other week or so. The punchline was that it turned out the cleaning lady just unplugged it and didn't properly plug it back in, and aren't cleaning ladies just the worst?
On the flip side I grew up on the lower end of middle class with a millionaire grandparents. They became millionaires when I was around the age of 4. As a child I was always confused by the large amount of cars they had, once on vacation my grandma bought a 20000 dollar chandelier and I really didn't understand it or get why a light is that much money.
If any of you rich kids feel like you don't need your money please contact me
An inverse of [this post. ](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/5s5xf2/people_who_grew_up_poor_what_did_you_think_was/?st=IZ11Y878&sh=ac88958f)
This thread makes me sad that I'm not rich.
In high school I completely embarrassed this kid when he said he lived in a block of flats near the school. I didn't understand that people rented flats long-term or raised children in them. I also think I made a good friend of mine's mother feel awful, I completely obliviously told her I couldn't walk home because my mother didn't allow me to walk through their council estate. I also asked (before going) what the combination for her gates were (they lived in a terraced council house right on the road), and why her two sons shared a room if they didn't like each other that much. It makes me feel terrible nowadays, especially considering that I envied my friend for how she was really supportive and interested in his life, as well as not arbitrarily denying him what he wanted or being restrictive in what he could do.I didn't realise that having a cold room in which to store fur was unusual, or that most people didn't insure their jewellery because it was costume stuff. More toxic than that, I had this impression that anyone who was poor, was poor because they couldn't manage money properly. If it makes anyone feel better, I got kicked out of my parents house and I've been living paycheck-to-paycheck in my overdraft ever since because I actually can't manage money properly.
Reading these as poor but someone that have been called smart for all my life, it seems that rich kids are damn stupid.Seriously, do rich kids just polish their golden turds or what? No tv/radio/news?I get it that maybe 5-8 years old think that it is normal to have rich folk life, but if 10-20 years old can't use some logic to see trought their life, that is just sad.Oh what are these poor/normal folks in these movies/series, it must all be a fiction, must ask maids for more golden juice!Most poor people understand how rich bastards live like Kings, I guess many rich bastards are just plain stupid or dont care to observe things past their nose.
I went to an extremely expensive private school. I thought that I was poor because we didn't have brand new luxury cars, a massive house, and I didn't get a brand new toy just because I asked for it. It wasn't until I was older that I realized my parents had just as much money as those other kids, but they saved it all and lived very frugally. My father grew up extremely poor (like, you're brother gets to eat dinner tonight and you'll eat breakfast tomorrow poor), and he didn't believe in buying extravagant things or outrageous cars. I thought that because we drove Toyota Corollas (which were bought new every 6-8 years) and we lived in a small house (4 bed/ 4 bath split level for three people) and we didn't have a maid that we were poor. And I'm glad that we lived that way, because I was raised to work for the things I wanted and that just because you CAN buy something, doesn't mean you should. 
One of the Filipinas who took care of my Grandma said that she doesn't have any pictures of herself as a kid because they were too poor to ever have their picture taken. This woman worked like 60 hours a week and she bought me a going away present when I moved. 
I thought going to summer camp was something almost all kids did. Then I realized how much it actually cost to go to camp.
I did a college summer program that had a high percentage of incredibly rich kids, some from other countries. Mostly China and eastern Europe. Most of them were really nice, down to earth teenagers who didn't think that their family money made them any better than anyone else, but there were several things that they truly just didn't get.1) I did not have a maid or nanny growing up. My parents both worked full time and my siblings and I were well-taken care of, but we learned to help with laundry and cleaning the house and mowing the lawn and all that other stuff from a pretty early age, so why would we need a nanny or maid?2) Asking the question Who has an extra house we could stay in for spring break? and having at two-thirds of the kids in the group immediately offer up their vacation homes is absolutely jaw-dropping.3) No, I cannot jet off to China with you for next summer break. I do not have the money.4) Even if you pay for it, I still can't go. Because my parents are uncomfortable with me traveling internationally on my own. 5) I have to get approval from my parents if I want to put a $10 Amazon charge on the credit card, so yes, it is ridiculous to me that you can order $800 shoes without hesitation.6) It is a HUGE deal for me to spontaneously loan you $150. That's a pretty sizable chunk of cash for the ordinary American teenager. 
Im from Australia and i thought having two AC's was normal.
I went to a small private school that was made up of richer kids so it was very common place to leave out items of value in the hall ways and desks and table for us to sit at in our free time. You would walk through the halls and see Mac book pros, iphones, tablets, car keys, and even wallets scattered about the room on shelves or even the floors. I think there was one report of a stolen item in all my 4 years there and it turns out she just miss placed it and someone had returned her purse to the front office that very day.going into college I was aware that you had to keep much more care of your stuff but it was depressing going from a place of trust, to a place where your dorm room would get busted into and would have items stolen from you. I couldn't leave my room not once without locking it and even then it didn't stop my roommate from petty theft.
Growing up, I never really knew how much my family made, because in comparison to the rest of my town, we lived a more modest lifestyle. When i started to get older, like teenage years, is when i realized the wealth my family had. We bought a house during the recession in 2008. We bought a penthouse apartment in miami florida, in 2009. We are building a new house right now, and my father is considering buying an aston martin. We have alot of money, and i have only started to recognize and respect that now
I thought that it was normal to have never washed even a single cup in your life. When I said to my friends that I never touched a dirty plate they just looked at me with a ''wtf is wrong with you'' face.Also thought it was super normal to go out in fancy restaurants every weekend. Apparently, it's not.
I grew up in America. I was poor compared to others at school, but visiting another country I knew I was super rich! I have running water, electricity, a warm bed and three meals a day. I am lucky and rich!
I'm a freshman in college who is very fortunate to have my parents pay for my tuition, housing, meal plan, etc. They also give me some money for spending if, for example, I wanted to eat out every now and then instead of eating in the dining hall. Now, I know I am well off and very fortunate, but I realized I was no where near as rich as my roommate. She once asked me how much I spend in a week. I said oh maybe like $20. She was so shocked when I said that. I asked her the same question and she said like a thousand. It didn't really surprise me because I knew she did things like go out to eat three times a day despite the fact that her parents had already paid for a meal plan.
Late to the party but I thought you were supposed to have 2-3 cars per driver. One for the weekdays, one for the weekends, and one for work. My dad had 3 cars and mum had 2 cause because she didn't work. Also, I thought it was normal to move every 4 years to rotate between the houses we owned. And owning houses all over the coast cities. Also moving meant just moving yourself. I thought when you moved the house had everything you needed. I had a set of clothes for each house...
Buncha lucky bastards in the comments.
My dad is a very specialized consultant that worked from home for a long time and my mom was stay-at-home. Didn't know that most people's parents worked and they didn't have two parents at home all the time. Also didn't know that most people don't have summer homes up in Canada. First thing my friend did when she saw it was take a deep breath and say This place smells like money
I thought that it was normal for parents to pay for everything until a couple of my not-as-well-off friends started saying, not too kindly, that they had to work hard to afford stuff and that I was basically disconnected from real life by living off my parents' money. I've definitely changed my lifestyle, and will start looking for a job soon.
I described my student loan situation (nothing atypical for a college grad) to someone who was floored by how much more you spend due to interest. 
My parents are not insanely rich, but relatively wealthy still. My dad travels a lot for work so he has a platinum airline card that lets us skip the lines whenever we go on vacation. The few times I had to take the plane alone were kinda eye opening. You actually have to get there hours in advance and wait for hours. I knew we were lucky to have his frequent flyer status, but still, I wasn't prepared.
I never knew what is was like to drive a normal car until I bought my own. Drove Range Rovers, BMWs, and Jags until I moved out on my own and had to buy my own car.Bought a Jeep and thought it was piece of shit, like what do you mean my center console isn't refrigerated?
I realized now I had it pretty good. My cousins were all engineers and doctors, so I thought we were definitely middle class. We were a step below.I got a car when I tuned 16, I mean it wasn't great but it was a car. I moved to a seedier/gentrifying neighborhood and I was wondering why all these people were walking/biking a lot. It dawned on me they probably couldn't afford a car.I had my college paid for. I thought I was the responsible adult going to a state college and not going to a way more expensive university like my sister.
Seeing something and buying it. For example, I would see a toy, ask to get it, and I would get it 75% if it was under $100.
When I first moved out I lived in a shitty duplex like every college kid does. Next to me was a family, parents about my parents age with about 3 children. I'd always help them out with internet issues and they'ed always feed me afterword. One time they were looking into moving and showed me what they were looking at. It was defiantly better than the duplex but it was more of a trailer than a house. That's not a house why are you guys looking at - I cut my self off and felt super embarrassed. 
I nannied for a very wealthy family for a few years after I graduated college. I drove a beat-up '98 Accord and the kids gave me shit about it playfully, asking me almost daily why I didn't just get a new car. I laughed it off until finding out that their parents got new cars apiece every year. 
Found out that potable tap water is a luxury that millions of people can't afford.
I didn't grow up that rich, but I'd call my family upper-middle class and until I was probably 10 I thought we were actually struggling for money because my neighbors were all more wealthy than us.  We had a pool, but not a hot tub and the other houses did.  We had a vacation home in Florida that my dad bought with 10 other friends and my neighbors all had their own vacation house just for their family that they didn't even rent out when they weren't there.  When I was in 3rd grade my mom got a job, we stopped having a maid come to our house once a week, and like a month later my mom came home with wegmans brand cereal one time and I thought we went bankrupt.
My parents grew up poor but made money and had kids. They gave us all the stuff they never had. I never wanted for anything. After being raised like that I don't want to be as generous with my kids as they were with me. I feel like I took many things for granted and it wasn't until I struggled financially that I truly appreciated my parents. I don't want to neglect them - but I want to try to help them be grateful. Not sure it's possible but I am going to try. 
Did anyone say throw out food? I had a rich (in my mind) friend as a kid and I remember being really confused when they threw out a big bowl of the leftover rice dish after dinner.
TIL how rich people live
Marble in your house. Floors, counters, columns. I just assumed it was a base material.
My dad's side of the family were part of the mafia (first in Florence, then NYC) and along with being rich, we often had bodyguards to escort us places because of rival gangs/mafia, and when I went to school I didn't understand why other kids didn't have a driver, and bodyguards to stop them from being hurt. I mean, they weren't called bodyguards, I called them by their first names and I was told they were my Uncles who just wanted to be with me all the time and and my parents explained that my Uncles were always with me to  pick you up if you fall and hurt yourself, and open the door because it's so heavy for you to open, etc. I have other being rich stories but that seems to be the most different, and worth mentioning, compared to all the others on here.
ITT: People from Bangladesh. (Side note: I am too)
My family isn't filthy rich, but they're comfy. - Private school costs thousands. I thought every elementary school was free- It was common to go on multiple vacations a year- Everyone owned their own home. I didn't know what it meant to rent- Every kid gets an allowance- It wasn't a big deal to always have the latest phone or whatever the hell was in style I wasn't a little shit bratty kid either. I just thought these things were common. 
How blessed I was to receive the educational opportunities that I did. I now go to an elite university, but I went to public high school in a suburb of a major city where half the families were extremely wealthy and the other half were very, very poor. My parents EXPECTED me to go to college and paid for it. All my textbooks for high school and college were paid for by them. I had a private tutor for the SAT, money for field trips, a nice car to drive to and from school and I never thought twice when I lost a $150 calculator and my parents replaced it like it was nothing. I played lacrosse and danced, both of which were expensive activities. Meanwhile, other kids (zoned by our school district from public housing to go to a better school) were on free and reduced lunch, couldn't afford extracurriculars, and were not college bound, with poor home lives and whatnot. It's shocking to realize that we went to the same school and took many of the same classes, but their lives will be so different than mine just because their parents couldn't afford to put in the money to encourage education outside of class. 
Honestly I don't get why rich people apparently lack social awareness so much.I grew up mid/upper middle class in the UK and I never really remember being unaware that there were some poor people and some rich people too. 
In my case it wasn't just procuring the materials, but my family would actively look for things I might be interested in. Hey, I saw this local recording studio is offering a class. Do you want to take it?There's this 70-foot traditionally rigged ship that does trips where students crew it. Should I sign you up for one?
God, your parents must have had hundreds and hundreds of dollars to just throw away....
You sound like you had great parents. Parents that encourage their kids interests however they can are great people. I'm glad they used that money to help you develop as a person like that, and I hope more like them are out there in spirit even if not wealth.
What I find more amazing (and encouraging for human kind), is the fact you appreciate how fortunate you were to be presented with those opportunities. I think a lot of people feel rich people have a sense of entitlement (which some of them do, but then some poor people do when it comes to welfare). It makes me happy seeing humans look back on life, and appreciate what they had. 
Ever wanted to try your hand at world domination?
used all your gifts to change the world ; I AM OBLIGATING YOU!! :D
It was the same in my family. I wouldn't get every toy or treat I wanted, but if I wanted art supplies or a how-to book my parents always got them for me, and there was always money for instrument rentals or sports fees. There's a fund at my old middle school for kids who can't afford extra curriculars, I'm definitely contributing once my finances allow it. 
I'm genuinely happy for you :) 
There are a lot of things rich people have done that really makes me mad, but I can't begrudge this one, especially if the child is made aware of this rarity.
Thank you for sharing that. Most of us parents can not afford to put our kids in programs and activities. It is great that you can pass on appreciation. 
Swiss nannies?Wow, he really is rich.
Sounds like au pairs. Au pairs are for poor people. Sorry.
What do you mean, he would buy you one every year? What happened to last year's horse? I'm confused and alarmed
One... Every... Year... Sorry, major culture shock for me.
It's ok dude, I live in one of those lovely, super rich towns (it's honestly super nice :/), but I just wanted to say that you're really not alone in the obliviousness. One of my cousins is 21, his mom alone makes a scary seven figure number a year, the guy hasn't got a clue what it's like for people without money. Not a clue. He'll look you dead in the eye and tell you your birth has nothing to do with how easy it is to become successful. It's shocking, I mean I live here but I've travelled the world (ok I have.. some money), I've treated the poor in god knows how many countries, I actually understand how difficult life is without an endless source of money. But a lot of rich kids just don't. They've never been exposed to the harsher realities of life. Many of them continue to live in ignorance until they're actually in positions of power. It's honestly what I believe causes such an absurd difference in the lives of the wealthy to the lives of the poor, they literally just don't know what it's like, so they never do anything to make it better. God, the first part of this post made me feel damn self entitled, but this is a thread asking rich people to talk about just how oblivious they are because they're rich, so I feel semi-justified.
>It ended at 26 and I discovered pain.  That went dark fast.
> It ended at 26 and I discovered pain.As in delicious bread, bought in Paris?
What does one do in a weekend in Kinshasa?
Sounds Like the Story of a modern buddha
Oh yes those, fond memories. Was in Copenhagen one weekend, drinking and decided just flying back to Oslo the next day would be too boring. Hey, I've never been to London before... Airports and flying hungover is rather miserable
I had the holiday home thing. Every year since I was born we would go abroad for summer, and so did all my friends. As far as I knew, everyone had a second home they would go to for summer. I did learn around age 11 or so that this wasn't the case. However, I didn't learn until my first job that you can't just get a month off for summer like my dad used to do every year. I put in my holiday request form and my boss just laughed. He offered two weeks at most. My world came crashing down. 
Normal is all about perspective. Adults have money right? I wanted a new toy but Dad said we had no money for it. I said just go to the bank for more. Apparently money is a little more complicated than that.  This was also the time when my brothers and I would buy and sell each other toys for very small amounts of money like 50 cents or a dollar. The funny thing was we always gave a few coins back to someone that bought something as change even though we both counted it out exactly. Lol kids are basically little disabled people
The unpaid internship is always something I think about. So many people are talented but they can't afford to take an unpaid internship. and we know its not WHAT you know but WHO you know and we generally meet these people on internships. So not only would you get the chance to have that work experience but you also get the chance to expand your network. 
Well, they could do that, but they'd have to give up something else like that nice house you mentioned.
> that doesn't mean they can take two months to do an unpaid internship in a foreign cityAt least you now realise this. I have friends who are successful business owners and making pretty good money. Unfortunately they don't seem to realise how much money and time their parents put in to helping them achieve this goal. They are somehow firmly of the opinion that they achieved everything they have solely through hard work and that people who haven't achieved similar goals are just lazy. 
Look at all of these fat cats and their massive jets. My family can only afford this dinky little plane. 
this is amazing logic
I knew we had it better on commercial flights! I knew it!
Did you bang your maids?
I think that a decent portion of people never realise this.
Wasn't born rich but got my way through an elite education that built this sort of network. It's ridiculous how valuable it is. And this comment made me realize how fortunate I am to have it.
This is why I had an argument once with a (now ex) very good friend of mine.We were talking about having a break in the professional area... it took me YEARS to find a nice job. It all came down to find THE very first interesting experience and going up from there.Her dad found her a nice job like 2 weeks after she graduated.From there, of course, all the changes she had in her career are mostly because of her hard work. But she couldn't understand my point when I told her that all of it started when she had her very first job, that her daddy found her because he was so well connected. If I had that kind of opportunity at the start of my career, I would too have had better opportunities earlier, and would not have waited almost 10 years to reach the point where SHE started...She was really furious and stopped talking to me for weeks.After that we had another fall out but I think that one will stuck with me forever...
Explains how some bosses of bosses are like If you are unemployed, that means you didn't network hard enough! When I was young, I could just blah blah
Reminds me of Utah where I used to live, if you're a non-mormon there it's hell to get a good job because everything is run by mormons who give jobs to friends and people from church. I know a lot of people who left good jobs and moved out of Utah and were unpleasantly surprised to find they weren't qualified to do anything, others had to leave Utah because there wasn't any work for them despite being very qualified.
My parents really don't realise this, and they're the ones that are providing me with those networks. I got a job straight out of high school that usually only employs people with masters degrees. It was in my field, I learned a lot, and it got me my next job. Which got me the one after that, and so on. So now I look for every opportunity to help friends who don't have that get jobs where I work, but I can't get everyone a job, sadly. 
Also the safety net of being able to fuck up and know that you'll still be taken care of. People will say why didn't you just move and try that thing or take that unpaid internship or go ahead with your start up plans. But if you are wealthy you know that even if you fail you wont starve or be homeless. Others cant take those risks. 
True. My sister is 14 and she's already gearing up to start a paid internship that my mom lined up for her for when she turns 15 this summer. Pays a whopping $15 an hour and gets her good experience for resumes.
People really underestimate the value of social capital. I didn't grow up poor, but my family has always had blue collar jobs in a very working-class neighborhood. I was near the top of my high school class and managed to go to a pretty prestigious public university, which my whole family was incredibly proud of. It was a bit of a culture shock to meet people from places like Silicon Valley where they felt like disappointments for not going to Stanford or Berkeley like their high school friends did. A lot of the time it seems like they just *know things* when it comes to business and networking. They all found good internships and have jobs lined up after graduation largely due to their families' networks while I'm applying to a bunch of places where I have no connections.
Can I know you please?
Please introduce me to these 25 people. I'm stuck working fast food with a master's degree.
Wow this is great to bring up. I want to be one of the well-connected! I went to college, worked full time and a half, busted my ass and got my degree in 3 years. But I was so busy doing so that I made no connections and I haven't been able to get a job in my field. It's like you hardly get a fighting chance for the jobs if your dad or dad's friend didn't know someone.
I didn't realize until just now that some people have resources like that  
>Plus, after too many shitty days, comfort food can be the only reprieve. See, that's the part I think a lot of people don't grasp. They think not eating healthy, or being fat, is a moral failing indicating you lack willpower or self-control.The truth is, *everyone* has a limit to how much willpower they have, how much self-control they have, how much bullshit they can tolerate. The less stress you have in your life, the easier it is to say no to habits that are unhealthy yet pleasurable.The poor have more vices than the wealthy because their self-discipline and will-power was used up on having to work 2+ shitty jobs, where you have to ass-kiss your boss and customers all day, just to make enough money to barely scrape by. You get psychologically beaten down all day, the appeal of a Big Mac meal, or a cigarette, or a few too many beers, starts to get a lot more powerful. 
One of my good friends is really wealthy. I didn't know the scale of it until he invited me over to hang out and have dinner though. Aside from the expected huge house and everything, the food we had was wonderful; ingredients were all fresh and organic, and the level of quality was clear in the texture and taste. My friend didn't seem to understand that a lot of people have to eat leftovers or frozen dinners and can't have the good stuff every day.
I remember reading comment here in reddit saying home made  food is luxury and I was like whaat?I didn't realize that it was a luxury and makes me appreciate my mom more as she quit her job after marrying my dad to focus on raising me and my siblings.
>lentils are disgusting Incorrect
Fuck lentils. Lentils are the bullshit people suggest when they've got enough money to not have to eat lentils.
I like your user name
inb4 grocery stores avoid the ghetto so all that's left is corner shops that sell frozen shit
*Technically*, it is because they lack discipline. Living off of boiled grains, beans, and (maybe) a single tin of spice is a distinct possibility.It's just a pretty fucking miserable one, and most peoples' life goals include not doing that anymore.
> lentils are disgustingFound the fat cat.
ITT: people starting with not rich but... Then start ti describe some lol display of money
This thread makes me sad. 
3/4 of the people in this thread are still douchebags with no self-awareness 
I hate the guy who had penguins.
> Personal small zoo. I had deer, monkeys, 30 pairs of pigeons etcAre you the son of one of these rich Middle Eastern Sheikhs that travel with their own host of falcons everywhere :D?
My family had a chandelier in our front room when I was growing up. Of course it was made of plastic and melted when my mother put it in the dishwasher, and we still kept it hanging up for 7 years after that, but it made me feel fancy nonetheless.
.. how rich are you?!
If you are so rich can you give me some pointers? I would love to feel like i am rich
bruh can i be your friend?
I think you win this thread in terms of wealth. 
The question though is why she was picked. Surely, even a random person from the same group was far more likely to have 'street smarts' 
You mean she was doing a research project and just gave away all the 'trade secrets'?
When I was like 3 my mom pointed out where I would go to elementary school when we were driving and I asked where my graduate school was.  I thought it was another level of school everyone goes to.  I was really little though.
I had a friend like this from summer camp. When she came to spend the weeked with us at our house (which, in hindsight, I imagine must have baffled the fuck out of her - - four people living in a 1400 sq ft semi-detached house with no servants!!!) she left her crap all over the place. Finally I asked her, what did your last maid die from? and she looked at me and said, Our maid didn't die!
sounds like something i would do honestly.nothing ~that~ stupid, but plenty of things close enough.i wonder if there's a kind of barometer to figure out how shitty your street smarts are.  i've been trying to figure this out for ages: my parents sheltered me real good.
> or how to use a dishwasherNot everyone has a dishwasher, just use your hands lel.
social vacuum...Thanks, these are the words I've been looking for. I knew of a girl that got a convertible bmw and a house for a college graduation present. I'm not resentful of such people, but it's frustrating when some wealthy people don't realize how awesome of a position they have found themselves in.
My boyfriend's family is the same. His dad directed a lot of really big movies so they live in the lap of luxury. Their house was built to look like an authentic painted lady. Hardwood floors and walls made out of cyprus trees, which you can only get if they fell naturally because they're endangered. Marble floors (not tiles, a solid piece of marble) in the bathrooms and all the counter tops. Brick fireplace made with bricks from a civil war plantation. The fireplace collapsed and they bought the bricks and paid for a renovation of the entire house 200+ year old house. My boyfriend has 3 really good laptops (school, travel, fun) and 2 phones (school, home)  I just got invited to go to Germany with them. Literally hey you wanna go to Germany with us for 2 weeks? Um, no I have a job and school and a dozen siblings and cousins to take care of. He's not the brightest. He changed his major at a private college 3 times because he was bored. BORED.
My friend's family wasn't *rich*, perse, just upper middle class living a lower middle class lifestyle. They lived in a normal house in the same neighborhood as me, but he always had a few extra perks. If he wanted an exotic pet, they'd get it for him. He shared 10+ guitars and just as many fancy amps with his dad. His first car was a mustang. You get the idea.When he moved out, into his sister's shitty apartment, he had a job at McDonald's. Additionally, it was actually cheaper for him to pay me and my friends for rides daily than it was to put gas in his mustang.So one day, he gets into my truck, and asks me where to buy jeans, because his last pair had just developed a hole and he needed them for work. I suggested Goodwill, to which I got a similar response to OP, What the fuck is Goodwill?
Coming from someone who ate beanies and weanies like 3 times a week because it was cheap and dating a girl whose parents both made 150k a year each I understand your pain, she asked me what are beanies and weanies? You don't have your own floor to your house? She lived in a 3 story beachside home. And I was embarrassed forever to invite her to my home after I saw everything she had I felt like I wasn't good enough. I'm on mobile sorry for spelling and punctuation.
This reminds me of one of my exes. We were participating in a charity event with a Hawaii theme and I suggested going to the dollar store to get some decorations. What's a dollar store? The best part was when we went there she absolutely loved it and got an armful of junk. I warned her that it was really cheap but she was pretty excited nonetheless. 
Yeah but that last part is bullshit. Everyone has their stuggle, there is 8 billion people on the planet and unless you are clubbing African babies over the head as a hobby you have no reason to feel guilty because someone else has a fucked up life. I say that coming from poverty to like really low middle class now.
As someone whose parents rented as a child, and who was constantly moving, it used to annoy me when people asked, But why don't you stay in one house?It got to the point where I'd just tell people, Yeah, my parents like to move a lot 
Dumb American question: what does RE stand for? 
Yeah, my family was one those families that couldn't always afford things at the dentist. My grandmother helped my parents pay for my braces in high school and even then it was a couple years after the dentist recommended braces but we had to put postpone them because of hard financial times. 
No reason to be humbled. Do you remember what things you purchased with those hundred dollar bills? I still have one of the afghan blankets my broke-ass granny knitted me. Pros and cons, amigo. 
> and complained to my boyfriend that the dust keeps coming backThis is so sweet I am stealing this for future use lol
Let's be honest, we all moved to an all black wardrobe because we're tired of having to coordinate outfits.
> all black wardrobenightmare for people with dandruff issues
Did she think that a banana was only ten dollars?
No need to go to any more, it's the perfect number 
I rate your vacations a perfect 5/7
My parents were the same way. Both grew up really poor. And worked their way to definitely upper-middle class. And they love to give things to my sisters kids, and their own kids (even though we're all grown and can buy our own fun items). I think that's a weird side effect of going from rags to riches. Wanting to share with those you love? Idk just something I've noticed 
my mom grew up poor, and while i grew up we were poor but gradually became middle class. my mom used all her spare money on toys for my sister and i, so we had plenty of games and gadgets. i never knew we were poor. she also bought too much food (and still does) once we had more money because she was so used to having to buy in bulk. the psychology of someone who's grown up in poverty is different than those who are rich or middle class! it's very interesting to me.
Having a your own room with a bathroom is such a luxury. 
I thought everyone had their own room, and I guess unconsciously believed this into college when I got busted on that belief by a professor....
I've never lived in a house with more than one bathroom and with less than 4 people. Fun times.
Me too! I first saw an apartment when some friends of mine from high school went to college. It was like a hotel, but it had a kitchen and you lived there full time. I didn't know they existed.
That isn't an unreasonable assumption outside of the USA. 
That must have been hard. 
Will?
excellent user name
I had a similar realization when I was in my mid-20s. I started working a decent tech job right out of high school and while I'm certainly not rich by any means, there are certain things I've never had to worry about. I've never had to worry about bills, I can buy pretty much whatever I want at the grocery store, new shoes and clothes when I need them, etc. I was chatting with a friend who mentioned she really liked avocadoes but could rarely have them since they're among the most expensive produce, and it hit me then that I actually was in a pretty good place.
Sounds like me and my family.
I love you for understanding that you're doing better than most.As a former can I afford two slices of bread for this sandwich? person who is now doing vastly better, I try to always maintain my perspective. One of my favorites is before I take a hot shower, reminding myself that some people don't get to do that.
Well I'll have you know that I can afford the *good* ramen, with the meats and shit
That seems like a really dangerous hobby, especially in certain parts of the US. You're slumming it to get a more extreme reaction to your wealth. The reaction may not always be positive. Hopefully you've outgrown this.
You're still kinda naive if you think that kind of wealth is only 1%.Try 0.001%1% means one out of every hundred people has that kind of wealth. 
hahahaha please do try this in Baltimore. Sit on Pensylvania Avenue somewhere, I'll be looking for you in The Sun.
>hundreds of thousands around like loose change  This is the stuff that gets me depressed...
Funny you explicitly mention the Netherlands, we're cheap. 
People are getting rich confused with like Bill Gates level richness.Your family IS rich.None of this compared to the world crap... compared to other people in America alone you are very rich.
> this post.By world definition you are vastly wealthy.  
You're rich.
My parents probably COULD do this, but they don't really give enough of a fuck to do it.    If I can, one day I'll travel across Europe with like a dirt bike or some shit like that. Staying put in 1 place is boring as shit.
Same for me. I thought everybody could go on holiday every year back in primary school. 
>not rich> two trips a yearYeah, go fuck yourself.
> Not rich but above average.> I would travel twice a year overseas.Yeah, no, you're rich.
Yes ! ,I'm from a middle class family yet I still didn't know for a long time that not everyone had their mortgage / car / bills/ school expenses paid for them especially since its the norm where I live 
what the actual fuck?
wasn't this on an episode of spongebob
And gas stations were where you bought shares of BP and Exxon 
Daddy, I need another Bentley.What happened to your Bentley!?I forgot where I parked it...[sigh] Let's go to the dealership...
I just wait until the ashtrays are full.
> sometimes you have to throw toilet paper in the trash at some places because the water pressure isn't goodWhere exactly is that going down?
> the time a pregnant seventh grader leapt over a table to slap a girl.I'm more interested in this story
> I had to explain to her that sometimes you have to throw toilet paper in the trash at some places because the water pressure isn't goodWait really? I've never heard of this
> -Why would they allow that at your school? After I told her about the time a pregnant seventh grader leapt over a table to slap a girl. Maybe because I went to a trashy school with rough kids??I find this happens not just with the people but the quality of education as well. My school offered calc 1-2 why didn't you take it back then like I did? This stuff would make a lot more sense to you now if you learned it back then like I did. Uhhh because my school couldn't afford a decent math teacher and had the baseball coach teaching it? They were barely willing to teach the equivalent of college algebra much less beyond that. 
I don't even understand your story. What is a pantry delivery? Why did you have to hide from your friend's ma? And why in the world did you put the groceries in the snow? 
Huh... this reminds me... I kicked out a flatmate in 2015 after she didn't pay rent for several months. She was from a super rich family and didn't understand rent payments were actually necessary. She also never did chores and didn't know how to use a toilet brush. I had to teach her. She cleaned the toilet once and then never did it again. She didn't know you had to clean the toilet more than once! The bathroom STANK! She was terrible with money and just didn't seem to know what things cost. She once bought a jewelry making kit instead of groceries.Also unrelated, she got mad whenever I was at the food court and brought my scraps and rubbish to the bins and put the tray away. She'd loudly complain That's the CLEANER'S job! None of my other friends do that!
I think the first flight for every child should be in coach. Like, when they realize they will be flying first or business, they will be super excited.Sincerely,-A kid who always flies coach
My family flies Southwest so I thought the concept of first class and coach was a myth lol
Sounds like. Your parents did it, the way I would if had some serious money. 
I'm so happy for your parents. I'll bet they feel like kings in a castle!
450k per year after taxes. I make 12k a year dude. You're still rich, just not flashy. 
> We weren't rich in the sense of like .......> we do make, both parents combined, around 450K per year after taxesWhere in the world is $450k/yr (after taxes!) not rich?  Your family was/is very wealthy.
You know, I think that's a much better way of putting it. The thought that some people *couldn't afford* to go do something never occurred to me until later in life, I thought that just didn't want to.I think that's what you meant by unsupportive parents.
You should know that your parents are definitely rich.  Maybe not flashy, which is certainly respectable and totally worth mentioning, but please don't go out into the world saying your family isn't rich.  It tends to sound totally disconnected from reality.
Sad thing is, a lot of people at the top never realize this, and I'm thinking more like people in govt, heads of companies etc.
I still don't understand why people use them
Except you just described 99% of the UK population. Cheques? I'm not even sure they still exist. After all, this isn't the 90s or early 00s.Are they prevalent in America or wherever you are? 
You might be richer than you expect if you never have anything blindsiding you for a few k in the year.
I read a lot as a kid and got perspectives from all different backgrounds - it made it impossible for me to not know or understand that people had vastly different lives than mine
I have one rather old AC that my parents bought a while ago from some shady guys back in like 2006 maybe. Then those guys were on the news, busted for being con men...Anyway, it works OK except for when it's left on for more than 6 hours or so. Then the left side leaks a bunch and its like a waterfall until someone turns it off. A real pain in this scorching summer, here in Queensland it's supposed to be 40 degrees here tomorrow :\(104 Fahrenheit for Americans)
Huh... Me and my flatmate (still at uni and using centrelink) bought two AC's in our flat in 2009. And then there was the AC in his car, so, like, 3 AC's on centrelink. THE FUTURE IS NOW!
Do you guys not have central air?
Those sound fucking amazing. Are those examples, or real things you did?
did anyone have rich parents who set them up to do things because they were something that *they* decided that you should be interested in?  is that nice, or controlling?  i  mean i appreciate the exposure to new experiences but by the same token it seemed like there was a constant pressure to be grateful for things you'd never asked for in the first place.
You joke, but I grew up poorish and it was a sacrifice to even spare the gas money to get us (my siblings and me) to places where we could do things for free. Now that I can toss some minor money around to let my own kid experience things I really do feel quite rich, even if my net worth doesn't necessarily agree.
I imagine flying lessons are expensive though.
Have 2-3 kids. Give them experiences and stuff for $200 dollars twice a week. That's $40-60k/year right there. This doesn't include other stuff such as private schools, college funds, or holidays.
Man, why are people downvoting you. I thought your comment was funny. 
When I was growing up, we didn't have money, and I had to use the rental sax the school had. It was so old and shitty that it sounded awful and I quit. My mom broke down one day years later about it, saying she was so sorry. One of the saddest moments of my life 
EU4, Victoria2 or HoI4, you choose
Everything about Switzerland is rich. And their flag, too. That's a big plus.
Where are my au pairs then
They really aren't. The name ah pair was for women who were your social equal, but looked after your kids. As opposed to a nanny. 
Agreed. It sounds like au pairs. They are cheaper than full-time nannies. They get a stipend and live for free with the family. 
Rich people are stingy. Stingy people use au pairs. Many are abusive towards them too. I have known a few girls who went as au pairs in order to experience another country for cheap and they came back really fast. Poor people don't usually have extra bedrooms for hosting au pairs or the money to feed them. 
You mean poor(ish) people become au pairs?
Friends of mine from college have a special needs daughter and they have an au pair.  I never asked but they might get assistance paying for it because they don't seem to be rich.Anyhow, it is an interesting experience for them.  A different young woman (usually around age 20 or so) from a different country and it changes every year or so.
Donated as glue for the local preschool arts and crafts department. 
Idk if this happens in the USA but in Canada I have several friends that have HUGE pieces of land and have stables. Its not rare for me to log into Facebook and one of my friends is introducing a new horse into his stable. Sometimes the horses are just pets, companions, other times they use them in racing for a bit and once the horse isn't in its prime they retire it and let it live on in the field and they get a new one. Other times they use the horses to teach people how to ride, other times they rent the horses out to people who want a horse but don't have the means to properly give it shelter and time. Living in the prairies is weird lol.
Multiple horses, guys. 
When my dad was younger he'd capture wild mustangs in Arizona and either sell them to breeders or train them. Once I came around he had a ranch with enough room to house however many horses he'd please. 
> What happened to last year's horse?I guess the family was a fan of horse salami...
I'm so concerned right now. Did they just slaughter and eat them?
I buy chicked wings every day though
Horses aren't expensive if you do it right. My dad was a Safeway manager. He retired and started training horses. He made a buisness it if buying and selling and when I met him at 17 he taught me how to ride and stuff. He loves them and rides almost every day. Whenever I want or need one (for cowboy work) I just borrow one of his.He hasn't pulled from his retirement, lives and works on my step mom's inherited land, and lives off less than 12k a year.  For the average person it's a $150 or so a month to feed, maybe $1,000 a year in medical and ferrier cost, and a thousand or two to buy a decent trail horse and another thousand or so for some cheap used riding equipment. Like any hobby, you can spend a shit ton or very little, depending on where you live and how much work you want to do yourself. 
Thanks for the kind and understanding reply, I appreciate it. Both my parents were dirt poor and made a career for themselves and because of that, they have rarely given us kids money and made us work for our keep.When I turned 18, I was so frustrated with my surroundings that I went off and volunteered for a few months at an orphanage in Morocco to help give me a true outsider's prospective. My dad and mom have tried to employ me at their own companies but it never quite felt right. After my trip to Morocco, I promised myself any luxuries in life I would have to earn through my own work and not handed down from my parents. To this day, people assume the career I'm in and the things I do are because of my parents and it makes me proud knowing I can accomplish everything I want without a dime of their money. 
Some day I'm going to write a book that includes this line. 
And bread became my new raison d'tre. Not baking or eating it like those uncultured savages playing God with beauty beyond their ken. But merely staring at it, through the window of the bakery, for hours on end. Once in a while, taking my finger and outlining the shape of a particularly seductive, but playful, loaf. I would imagine taking that loaf home tonight. And making it my bitch.
Ask Shinsuke Nakamura for details.
My GF was living there at the time so we partied, went swimming, had brunch and I travelled back home.
Who knows, my family went on vacation to fucking bishkek, like who does that 
Well, if one is into [dick stuff](https://www.google.com/webhp?sourceid=chrome-instant&ion=1&espv=2&ie=UTF-8#q=congo+biggest+dicks) like most of Reddit . . .
When I told my dad about the holiday home thing, he sat me down and gave me some home truths. The day my childish innocence ended!!
Lol American vacations.
In Germany a month is the minimum required by law.
I laughed too hard at the last sentence
Oh shit my sides. 
That's one of the best comments I've ever read, thank you for brightening my day
Even a paid internship isn't usually enough to make it in some industries where they're located. If you're paying for school, and the option is a paid internship is $2 less per hour than a retail gig, you're going to stick with the retail gig most of the time.
Long ago I applied for an internship in San Francisco and they told me it was unpaid. I said I couldn't take it due to money and asked how others do. Usually their family supports them. Oh. I come from a decently well-off family but my parents would never pay for me to work a whole summer.
Oh I definitely realize it. Thankfully, I live in a country where I could get my Master's without paying a cent in tuition so that wasn't an issue, but it helped that my family didn't need me to immediately start making money to help them out, just to support myself. I was able to work and make enough so that my parents didn't have to financially support me after high school, but the safety net is there. Instead of needing to support my parents, I could go and follow my ambitions. It's a privilege not everyone has.
Upvoting for the use of the word dinky
Ut oh, r/frugal_jerk is spilling. 
I know /s, but my wife would actually agree with you.  She hates to go up in small planes (e.g., 4-6 seats, piston propeller driven).  Noise, vibration, too hot, too cold, turbulence.  She has a point.  Now a 15 seat plane, that's a different story.  Almost all of that size are jets.
Lol no! We didnt have those French-porno type maids with like uniforms and shit. Generally they were perceived to be significantly below my family's stature for example. So I was not allowed to even interact with them on a regular basis...deplorable, I know.
There's much more people that do realize it. That's why networking is a thing.It's not what you know, it's who you know.When wealthy people pay up for schools and country clubs, it's not because the teachers are great or the golf course is so nice. It's because they don't want to associate with useless poor people.
where did you go to school?  i dropped out of one of these because i sensed it was a waste of my time.  as far as i know none of the people i studied with are very successful, probably because we graduated into a recession!  it's probably different at hyp tho.
Often times when people say some is privileged its these little things that they dont realise they had access to that other people do not. 
>it took me YEARS to find a nice jobIt seems I'm in that boat right now. Recently graduated from an engineering program and have no network, so it's just cold online applications and working with some staffing agencies that have been helpful in getting me some temporary jobs to pay the bills.Having that network or not really does make the difference between scrambling for *something* post-graduation and quickly getting a nice stable position from which to start climbing the ladder.
I got my job in part due to connections, but it was mostly earned. I answered questions in one class because I found the class very interesting and I was very good at it. One answer in particular really got people noticing me. To me it seemed obvious, but people were amazed (it was an algorithms course). Then I applied for a job and they asked employees who went to my university if they knew me. They looked me up on Facebook and recognized me by my picture and told them I was really smart. That got me an interview, which got me the job. It was the only place I bothered to apply (I was naive and thought applying meant I'd probably get the job). Later on I found out just how many people applied and how few even got interviews. 
My dad got me my first job, too, through his connections. However he worked at the Farm Service Agency and got me a job on a farm.
If poor people don't want to be poor, why don't they just go get money from the bank? 
It is a bit true...I built a great network and I did it as an adult by partying a lot and meeting people that way. I get offered dozens of jobs every year, admittedly not fortune 500 jobs, but 100k+ jobs and practically none of them in the field i work (IT project manager).
If you have a Master's, you can teach, can't you? You could be a school teacher, or maybe teach at the local community college. 
yup, i totally agree. if someone looked at my teenage years, they might bizarrely conclude that i had a lot more willpower on summer breaks, but of course that's not true, it's just because i had nothing else to do then but get fit. Almost everyone has the energy to diet and exercise and find the best diet/exercise, if that's all they have to do. I feel like rolling my eyes at celebs who talk about how much discipline and willpower it takes to be hot like them. I mean, if we were all paid to do nothing but be hot, we'd all be hot. Right now, I have one decent job, and I'm reasonably healthy. I can't imagine having two crappy jobs and keeping up the same level of fitness.
> The truth is, everyone has a limit to how much willpower they have, how much self-control they have, how much bullshit they can tolerate.Being a relatively new parent has taught me just how true this is.
This is absolutely true. For whatever reason, I never *feel* stressed in any way that I'm directly aware of, but I know if my diet starts to get shitty that I'm under a lot of stress. It's the canary that lets me know I have to figure out what's up and fix it.
> The poor have more vices than the wealthy because their self-discipline and will-power was used uThat is actually a known psychological phenomenon called decision fatigue, and poor people are indeed much more likely to be affected by it, because their choices are more often high-stakes ones than they are for people who have money to spare. For someone with little money a trip to the supermarket is super stressful and filed with decisions that decide how much and how well their family can be fed that week, or maybe if the adults in the family eat properly at all. For someone with enough money, the most stressful part will likely be the wait time at the checkout, but what they choose to buy has close to zero impact on their life in general and is very lo stakes.There is a great article in the NYT about it, and I recommend reading it because while decision fatigue impacts poor people a lot, it also has many consequences in areas that might surprise you, like for example how a judge might decide or how a salesperson might get you to agree to extras you don't need.http://www.nytimes.com/2011/08/21/magazine/do-you-suffer-from-decision-fatigue.html> Shopping can be especially tiring for the poor, who have to struggle continually with trade-offs. Most of us in America wont spend a lot of time agonizing over whether we can afford to buy soap, but it can be a depleting choice in rural India. Dean Spears, an economist at Princeton, offered people in 20 villages in Rajasthan in northwestern India the chance to buy a couple of bars of brand-name soap for the equivalent of less than 20 cents. It was a steep discount off the regular price, yet even that sum was a strain for the people in the 10 poorest villages. Whether or not they bought the soap, the act of making the decision left them with less willpower, as measured afterward in a test of how long they could squeeze a hand grip. In the slightly more affluent villages, peoples willpower wasnt affected significantly. Because they had more money, they didnt have to spend as much effort weighing the merits of the soap versus, say, food or medicine.> Spears and other researchers argue that this sort of decision fatigue is a major  and hitherto ignored  factor in trapping people in poverty. Because their financial situation forces them to make so many trade-offs, they have less willpower to devote to school, work and other activities that might get them into the middle class. Its hard to know exactly how important this factor is, but theres no doubt that willpower is a special problem for poor people. Study after study has shown that low self-control correlates with low income as well as with a host of other problems, including poor achievement in school, divorce, crime, alcoholism and poor health. Lapses in self-control have led to the notion of the undeserving poor  epitomized by the image of the welfare mom using food stamps to buy junk food  but Spears urges sympathy for someone who makes decisions all day on a tight budget. In one study, he found that when the poor and the rich go shopping, the poor are much more likely to eat during the shopping trip. This might seem like confirmation of their weak character  after all, they could presumably save money and improve their nutrition by eating meals at home instead of buying ready-to-eat snacks like Cinnabons, which contribute to the higher rate of obesity among the poor. But if a trip to the supermarket induces more decision fatigue in the poor than in the rich  because each purchase requires more mental trade-offs  by the time they reach the cash register, theyll have less willpower left to resist the Mars bars and Skittles. Not for nothing are these items called impulse purchases.> And this isnt the only reason that sweet snacks are featured prominently at the cash register, just when shoppers are depleted after all their decisions in the aisles. With their willpower reduced, theyre more likely to yield to any kind of temptation, but theyre especially vulnerable to candy and soda and anything else offering a quick hit of sugar. While supermarkets figured this out a long time ago, only recently did researchers discover why.This is really just a short excerpt, go read the whole thing (there, I just made that decision for you and saved you some energy). You won't regret it.
Yes, this! Eating healthy is a huge priority to me but when when my life goes to shit I absolutely don't eat as well.
Can I add that the whole fat skinny thing isn't a measure of will power. I'm a naturally slim person. I'm not putting in any more effort than a naturally heavy person. For whatever reason when I'm being a lazy slob my go to isn't putting in calories. If I put in the same amount of effort into diet and exercise that a naturally large person puts into just getting down to a healthy weight needs I'd be an Adonis.
Somebody give this guy gold
I just realized I think I have this problem. I'm 20 and actually very thin but I eat horribly. I've told myself I'm going to eat healthy, but recently it became just my mom and me living in an apartment after growing up in an upper middle class home, and we're very stressed financially, and now that you mention it, I do turn to food as a comfort sometimes. Huh. 
When you're not well-off and you get beaten down by society every day, sometimes the pizza you order for dinner every Friday is all that's keeping you from jumping off a building.
The thing that is bullshit is why do all the unhealthy foods taste so good, some mad scientist needs to engineer a cucumber that tastes like a big mac, it'll save lives.
God, I **hate** customers. And sales. I miss my old job.
Same here. I was once told that I was bragging when I said I ate home made food every day. I was like no, in my country that means you don't spend money on eating out. In Pakistan, cooking your own meals and the meals being mostly healthy is the chaeper option. Rich people are one biryani away from a heart attack.
I like lentils
I love lentils.What lentil experience has traumatized you this badly? Throw some cayenne pepper on em and mix em in with something and voila, cheap easy fiber and protein
You have been banned from /r/pfjerk
They're alright as part of a meal but actually using them as a staple would be pretty grim
Yea its actually shocking.Not rich but above averageGoes on to say hes taken TWO trips a year out of country as a fucking CHILD.And the way he told the story almost made it seem like he either went alone or like with other friends or some shit which is also quite strange.Like you live in America and twice a year you go fly out of country and you think your only above average?I considered my family a little bit above average but the more you see of the world you slowly start realizing your family was barely clinging on.
I'm not rich but my dad whom left my mother makes well over 300,000$ but never pays my mom child support and so we are poor... I heard he got in trouble during an audit.
Not rich but I had to drink ditch water. My poor friend lived in the subway tunnels and all the ditch water down there was rancid so he had to drink rat blood. Learned a lot that day.
like you
I dunno, I think you could have something similar if you spend smart.I saw an ad for a goat the other day. Only $20. 
Wait why did she put it in the dishwasher 
I don't really understand how this comment has been up for an hour and no one has asked why she tried to put a chandelier in a dishwasher.
Why did she put it in the dishwasher?
Drug lord rich.
Step 1 get money.There is no step 2.
Lol
I think because she knew the intricacies of the project best. She just wasn't smart enough to know that if you give someone all your information, they don't need you anymore. She was just supposed to do a short presentation of their time line and achievements. And she didn't just screw herself. She screwed everyone working on that project.
She worked in a college lab on batteries. And they were close to a break through, but it would have still been several more months and promised grant money. Her presentation was supposed to be, we're moving ahead as planned, estimated time for the project to complete is blah. We have seen setbacks at this point. Overall the project is moving at an acceptable time frame. What she did say is, this is exactly how our models are designed to work. Here are the instructions on how to build what we've done. Here are the schematics.  (Probably even, here's a prototype of what we have now for you,)The company saw all that and realized they could continue the program in house for less than having a college complete it. 
My boyfriend introduced me to beanie weenies last year! They're fabulous! Such a cheap, easy, delicious way to get fiber :)
> unless you are clubbing African babies over the head as a hobbyI'm sorry, this got me giggling uncontrollably and then feel guilty about finding it funny. I just didn't expect this example.I might steal this in the future. Thanks for making my morning!
That's true but at the same time looking at other people's struggles might make you feel guilty because you don't appreciate what you DO have enough not because you feel bad for complaining.Everyone has a struggle but other people's struggle helps put things in perspective at times 
I get that, I just feel bad for not noticing and potentially messing with the education they cared about. (It's not like I'm wracked with guilt so bad keeps me up at night, just a damn 15 year old snek_queen, you were seriously oblivious when I remember it. But I was a kid, and kids are dumb. I like to think I'm a bit more aware now at least!)
We were low-end upper middle class, but my family wouldn't pay for the orthodontics (getting rid of a gap) that my dentist recommended. I totally understand why they didn't want to, as it was (all but) entirely aesthetics, but I sometimes wonder if I'd be prettier without the gap. I know that it's an exceptionally stupid thing to think about, but sometimes I can't help it. But my point really was that my family never worried about affording dental care, but orthodontics were kind of treated differently when it didn't pertain to health.
You just had to have 69 of all numbers in your username huh
Or cats. 
BLUTH!!
There's always money in the banana stand.
Take your upvote and get outta here.
Maybe he hasn't been to Asia yet. He could be 6/7 with rice 
I have noticed it as well but I also notice it tends to lead to hoarding issues as well.
my aunt and uncle were like this, they had a ton of stuff they never used like a gold pocket watch never taken out of it's case, which i have now. they bought things then never used them. the estate sale was like a freaking candy shop
Plus the maid service really sucks!  This is the worst hotel ever!
I dont think theres anything left to pass on man
This is me, working a secure job at 43 - 66 hours a week and thinking Boy, I don't even work that much and look at how good I'm doing!To be fair, I was able to buy a 2011 car in practically new condition so I feel like a king these days.I also relish not looking at receipts because I know I can afford it. Having been there, I keep a $200 Walmart gift card in my wallet so that if I see someone at checkout having to decide between apples and baby food I can just pay for it for them without having to check if I've got the money.
Woah, look at Poshy McGee over here, with his *meat*. 
Man thats all you need!
I don't mind if people are wealthy, I really don't. But I *do* mind when they act like obnoxious cunts about it.
Yeah above average is like theme resort at Disney for two weeks. Rich is whenever you use the term summering abroad
So is 95% of the US.
Hey dude, I have done extensive international travel on two wheels. Europe. South America. India. Fuckin' do it. It's awessssssooommmeeeeeee.
I was actually thinking of doing this when i hit 18, gonna meet my gaming community on the way if it exists in 2 years 
Look at the username 
Surprisingly many places. Common in poorer countries and rural places
Arguably the majority of the planet
A lot of places that use septic tanks request that you toss the paper instead of flushing. 
Yep! Usually in lower income places. Ive only ever had to do it at the place we were staying and my friend's house while it was being built! 
Congrats, you're wealthy enough that you didn't even know food bank delivery service was a thing. If they can't afford food what makes you think they can afford the gas to get to the food bank six miles away?  Most people that use this service are embarrassed they have to be in that situation and having someone you personally know showing up to the door makes it worse.Im not OP, but as far as groceries in the snow goes, if there's no room in a small fridge or freezer for a ten person thanksgiving meal and you're consuming it the same day it leaves the food cold. I do this with beer all the time in the winter.
Food boxes for the poor. Because he knew her and it might embarrass her. Cheap refrigeration??? 
1. It's some sort of food bank service for the poor. 2. Because it would have been super awkward and this way everyone could save a little face and she was being cool 3. I have no idea on that one. No room in the freezer/fridge? 
So I used to work is Disney World at a summer programme. And I used to get so mad when the large teen Brazilian groups wouldn't put their trays away. Even when I was off duty. I just couldn't understand why they were so disrespectful. Then one of the girls I worked with explained it. If they're at Disney they're rich in Brazil which means they probably have maids/cleaners so they don't tidy up after themselves. Floored me. 
Me too! 
The thing was that they kept it all a secret along with my 4 siblings and the outer family too from us and when we got there for the first time over Yule a couple of years ago we were so fucking confused(we live in another city atm) cause we were ready to cram into an apartment with 3 tiny rooms as usual! Even better... only months later my dad 1 million SEK in a popular lottery here in Sweden after they'd pretty much depleted their savings on the house. 
Try cashing a $1000 check without a bank account.
I think it's becoming more common, but when I was growing up in the 2000s it was a rich people thing. Even a window unit meant you were well off, and it wasn't surprising to have only one unit in the house in the master bedroom (so that door would be open on really hot days in summer). This is Brisbane, where summer is nine months of 37C days. The first three houses I lived in had no air con at all,(but had ceiling fans), then we had one with a window unit in the master bedroom. My parents knocked their house down and rebuilt it a few years ago and the new one had central air
Yes. I did the sailing trip when I was 11, and the recording class when I was 12. 
I never felt that way. Most of the stuff my parents found were based on my existing hobbies. The sailing trip, for example, was in response to me mentioning that it would be cool to get into sailing larger ships, after I had done small boat sailing classes for several years. The recording class was because I had started getting into audio engineering on my own. There were also situations where they found something they thought might interest me, but I would decline because it actually didn't. I never felt pressured to pursue any given activity solely because they wanted me to. 
When I was young, my family was similar. I remember wanting to sign up for band in 5th grade and it cost like $50 to rent the crappy school instrument and we couldn't afford it. My brother is 8 years younger than me, and by the time he was old enough to do similar things, my dad had gotten a much better paying job and so he had all those opportunities. I've always resented him (and my parents) a little for that.
Close to $200/hr between the plane and an instructor.
My parents rented an OK trumpet for me when I wanted to be in band class. I started practicing before the school year even started. They kept making fun of me for the sound and the face I was making that I dropped the class within the first week.
CK2
That joke was rich too.
I love this shit
Take your upvote and get the hell out
Poor *people*.  You know, millionaires.
Right. Poor people have equals, rich people have underlings. /s
True philanthropy.
I grew up in a rural area in the US (but Western NY so I guess it's *almost* Canada...), in my area horses were pretty much a middle-class thing. A family with a combined household income of $60k or so could pretty easily have a horse or two if they wanted to, and bought a house in the country instead of in town. Feeding them was relatively cheap because if you were involved in the community in any way at all you would know at least a handful of farmers who would sell you feed/hay/etc. basically at cost.
As someone who took a road trip to Edmonton I can totally see how this is a thing. So much flat. So much field. So much boring.
This is essentially what my dad and why I was 'given' a new horse every year.
Nah that can't be it 
Your dad sounds like a Pokemon trainer.
Maybe OP is French...
Look at moneybags over here with his chicken wings
>Horses aren't expensive if you do it right...Maybe, but if they only last a year, you're probably doing it wrong.  
That doesn't sound bad at all as far as expensive hobbies go. However, I'm lucky if I get $50 a year from my parents and this person's parents were spending $1000 on them per year (just in horses. Omg that sounds ridiculous to type out.). That's the culture shock for me.
See that's the kind of attitude everyone should have when they're born into positions of privilege. We're all individually capable of achieving our goals on our own, without the benefits that come from our birth. I know you're a stranger but nonetheless I'm proud of you for succeeding in life on your own!
One of the best things I've read on Reddit so far is the phrase fluent in Wingdings.
You have any other breaderotica written? Asking for me. 
NAKAMURA!
Cue the violins 
How does a statistic like that even get measured? Not to sound spiteful, I mean good for Congo, but I don't remember having my erect penis measured in the last census. It's hard to believe that's a common practice elsewhere haha 
According to those results, I gotta get myself to North Korea. If I have a larger than average dick there nothing can go wrong, right?
See, people judge but if something is every day and normal to you then of course you're not going to be able to properly assess things as a kid. Pretty much all my friends flew to a different place for summer like I did, and had second homes. Why would 10 year old me think this is special when really it was just what happened during summer? Gifts during Christmas, chocolate eggs during Easter, flying to the second home for Summer. It's just how shit is until you're properly exposed to other people's lives, which doesn't happen much when you're just a kid who is limited to interacting with whoever their parents expose them to. 
Haha that's brilliant, what else did you learn?
Being poor is expensive. 
Unless they bought themselves a metro liner. That'd be a....interesting plane to use for private travel.Considering they said they had to fly it, its probably the parent flying meaning single pilot certified. I can't think of a 15 seater thats single pilot certified except a metro liner, but you'd be an idiot to fly that single pilot
I totally agree with your wife. Small planes are so, so much less safe than commercial planes. Even in a bizarro world where I could afford a private plane, I would have absolutely no desire for one. 
Are you from India? In India it's common to have maids, and servants.
Interesting... the two (both rich) households I know who have daily housekeeping consider the housekeepers part of the family. When one housekeeper, a single mum, was diagnosed with stage 4 cancer, they were considering fostering her 4 year old daughter.
So I'm a tutor, and one of my clients is loaded. Huge house that looks just like an Art Van inside (fancy furniture store). The first time I came to tutor, the maid service was there. They were all Latina. I'm mixed Latina. They were chatting in Spanish and bustling through the house as I'm sitting there, teaching reading comprehension to this shy 14 year old kid. I can follow their conversation, and it's so fucking awkward because in that moment, it hits me home that I'm the latina help that comes over to tutor their kid. Like the piano teachers and dogwalkers and landscapers. I'm just the help.
I've always said that any sort of Mair or Butler or whatever that I had would be someone like a homeless person/war veteran/etc. And that they would be treated as part of the family
Being rich is to networking as being really good looking is to dating. 
I went to the best law/mba program in Canada, worked for the Boston Consulting Group, and then joined a venture capita fund. The networks I made through these have been thankfully invaluable.
Mary, the mother of Billy who is a college drop out happens to be on the board of a national charity.John, a fellow board member of this charity, works for a well known computer company and they are looking for some software for an upcoming project they have in the works.Billy has experience with computers and Mary tells John that Billy may have what they are looking for.  Mary makes the introductions, right to the TOP management of the big computer company.The truth of the matter is, Billy didn't have what they needed but he knew somebody who did.Billy bought what he needed for the bargain basement price of $50,000, stripped out any mention of the original authors name and put his name and company name all over it and then sold it off to the big computer company for a lot more than $50,000.Daddy being a lawyer, made sure there was a backdoor clause in the contract that Billy was able to exploit later to his great benefit.Billy, the college drop out [may just become the first Trillionaire](http://www.cnbc.com/2017/01/23/bill-gates-could-become-the-worlds-first-trillionaire.html) thanks to **[Mommy's connections](http://www.nytimes.com/1994/06/11/obituaries/mary-gates-64-helped-her-son-start-microsoft.html).**If Billy had submitted his resume / CV via official channels just like everyone else, it would have been circular filed along with many others.Who would want to hire a college drop out when there are plenty of college graduates who are better qualified for the position?
There are 2 things about networking that I didn't think about when I was in college : one, your internship in your junior year is critical for launching your post school job. Get your professors to help you land a good one. 2nd, your classmates are your professional network. The ambitious, the lazy, all of them. Keep in touch with everyone you can. In 5 years they will be managers, directors, owners, and people of influence. Contact alumni that have been out 5 years or more. They will now be in a position to hire or know someone who is. Good luck!
I'll be where you are by 4 months. Being a middle-class introvert has really started to bite me in the ass. Anyway good luck out there buddy.
The first experience is key.The job that I have now is because that when I finally found my first interesting job, after 3 years I could apply to something related to it. Then stayed 4 years in another position, then I moved to another job even more interesting...And now the one I have now. The place I am in, I really can see myself staying there for the rest of my life. Not the position, but the company (it's a government job. I'm a civil servant). Most of my colleagues see it as a safe place. So most of the people here don't apply for internal positions. So after being in a general department for just a year, i've already applied for a more complicated job, higer ranking... and got it. I'm signing for minimum two years for the new position and I am starting on 1st march.So indeed, my first real job (I had other temp jobs before that, but the first real one for me) is the one that got me a step in the door for the one I have now.
Well, you must have been very talented. I really don't want to say that this woman wasn't talented. I know she is. I just know that she wasn't MORE talented than half of our class, some other were more than her (and I am not even saying that I was, which is not true) but she was one of the first finding a job, extremely easily. Also like you, the first place she went to. And she didn't even apply for an open position. Her dad just brought her CV, she had a meeting with her new boss, and that was it. She didn't compete with anybody for that job. She just got it...
What hours do you work and how do you find the time? Home workout? I work a finally-living wage with a 9-6, home around 7. Do you just go after? 
Going back to work after maternity leave taught me that. Two working parents, a toddler at home, daycare, pets, running the house... something had to give. 1) I decided I was comfortable with moderate stress eating because gaining a little weight is better than being stressed out of my gourd all the time and 2) I hired cleaners. I have zero regrets and bigger pants. 
As far as vices go, I've always considered indulging in comfort food as one that has the least negative consequences to others.
Right? I love lentils. ...But as a kid, I did not. I was not poor(well, barely, anyway), but my grandparents certainly were, and they ate them constantly (all four great grandparents off the boat from Sicily.)... my grandma always said that her mother could take anything and make it delicious.Served over ditalini or rice cooked into a semi-stew with carrots and celery and a little spice. Topped with Pecorino Romano. Delicious. I still make them occasionally.
Eh, it can be a question of priorities.It would definitely be cheaper to have one kid and travel abroad twice a year than to have three kids and never vacation. But is every family who can afford to raise three kids rich?If travel is a huge priority, two international trips a year isn't a stretch for a solidly upper middle-class family, if you make sacrifices elsewhere (e.g. smaller home, economic meals, no fancy gadgets).
I dunno if trips are a good indicator of rich. My almost three year old has seven countries in her passport, but we're living hand to mouth. We travel cheap and stay with friends and family. That's living in Asia and Europe, though, but rarely on the dirt cheap European flights.I want to finally buy a damn house and a car so no travelling for a year or two. Except it's Grandma's 88th birthday in October so I have to find the cash for Florida. But after that.......It may sound really weird, but I really wanna do a resort vacation. It seems like everyone's done one but they're so expensive I haven't. 
If you're in the states, your mom can file for support with the courts and have it garnished from his wages. She should do it, too, because it'll give you more opportunity to build a better future
Very similar situation happened to me. Mother went crazy and stole me away from my father. (Later apologised profusely, shes really amtured since then) after 8 years of living in poverty i meet my dad for the first time since I was a baby and turns out he spent all his time working to run from how upset he was. Made well over 150k a year and was well off. Shortly after that my mom married rich and I went from a 9 year old who didnt know if he was getting shoes for school to being a 14 yr old having my own personal hot tub. 
Don't dis rat blood. Their kidneys are like tiny water filters.
Monkeys are a bit more expensive I  imagine.
That's a pretty good deal, occasionally I'll see goats for sale on Craigslist for around $100. I wouldn't be able to pass up a $20 goat. 
Shit, I saw a thing on Craigslist for free goats yesterday 
They take so much pride in their chandelier, they serve dinner on it once a week. 
I have no idea, but I assume it was dirty and she thought that was a good way to clean it.
To clean a chandelier, you take off all the glass reflectors. Assuming it's not lead glass, cleaning them in the dishwasher is pretty brilliant.
* Step one: Be rich.* Step two: Don't be not rich.
> I think because she knew the intricacies of the project best. She just wasn't smart enough to know that if you give someone all your information, they don't need you anymore. She was just supposed to do a short presentation of their time line and achievements. And she didn't just screw herself. She screwed everyone working on that project.So, she's book smart, but street stupid?
You'd think if it was that important someone would have looked over the presentation. That's not a rich people thing, that's a mistake.
Well if its company sponsored research, there is probably an obligation to make those disclosures.
That was just a dick move on the company's part. I thought they where supposed to share their research with the people sponsoring them but honestly don't really know. If you actually do have to hide the research so the companies don't steal it then that in itself is pretty messed up.
This reminds me of the brain-rape in the show Silicon Valley. Amazing that someone would be so naive in real life.edit: [link for the curious](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JlwwVuSUUfc)
Get a black cat. And a lint roller.
I can barely afford to beat my own meat and that shit is free
The man himself
Dude, thanks for giving me an excellent idea. In about 2.5 years I'll have time and money to do some traveling. I think this is what I'm gonna do. 
Or Allen Iverson's account. He bought his mom a new Mercedes after she forgot where she parked hers at the airport.
Being a bit plumbing-centric, I'm surprised water pressure that can't take down paper takes down the other things a toilet is expected to.Unless you're using real bad paper, but that's another story entirely.
Wait, so those same toilets can flush poop but not paper? 
I'm pretty sure the majority of the planet wouldn't be so extravagant as to use their precious supply of water on their shit.There being a running-water toilet to start with is a step up.
Yeah, but that's usually for clogs and breakdowns, rather than water pressure. Most toilets use the tank and gravity to do the initial work.
Not just lower income.  Many places have septic systems that can't handle toilet paper.  For instance we have pretty wealthy friends who are on a couple of acres.  They have a septic system and have to buy the really cheap thin-ply toilet paper so as not to ruin their plumbing.
I know what food bank delivery is and have helped out with it too, but I didn't know what pantry delivery was either. Then again I'm not American so I only know what Thanksgiving is because it's a common plot device in American TV shows. 
I mean, it's possible pantry delivery was called something else where he's from. Or they just don't have that service at local food banks, which does happen.
You'd think they'd look around at other people cleaning up after themselves and think Oh, I guess that's what people do here. I know when I lived in Malaysia for a few months I noticed people removed their before entering homes. I felt like a dick being the only person not doing that so I did it too. It just seems decent y'know?
Dude fuck you for being able to actually sail traditional like that. That sounds amazing
USS Niagara?
that's cool.  i think in my case it was more controlling: we're going to do x, y, z for you because we want you to be this way.  when i turned 16 my mom got seriously worried i was gay and started taking me to charity events and fashion shows in order to socialize me better.  to this day i'm not sure what i was meant to glean from that: very few of those women are employed & would have lent me connections in the professional world.  they all hated me regardless: was ~not~ cool, pretty, welldressed enough to join their bizarre cliques.it wasn't all that bad, but, you know, obviously not about what would have made me happy.
Just curious, but how does the plane spend its earnings? Does it go to a bar and buy plane beer and hang out with its plane pals?
> $200/hr between the plane and an instructor.Dang, son.  I paid $140/hr wet for a nicer steam gauge 172.  Glass 172s were going $160/hr wet with an instructor.
What the fuck :(
I'm pretty neutral about it.
I had $78 for like a whole day one time
If you already have a big property(like most rural areas). Getting a horse isn't that big of deal 
Also in western New York, and from a harness racing family. Some of the poorest people I know own horses... and many of them aren't poor because of the horse.
Depends on skill set. I ride horses a lot. I get paid to ride other people's horses. I get paid to ride horses behind cowsI've owned two horses myself. I do most vet work myself and I can shoe or trim their feet myself. Including cost of feed and vet stuff I made a profit when I sold both horses. On the other hand, I have well over 10 thousand invested in bridles, saddles, ferrier tools, and other horse related things. But I don't need all those, and I especially don't need fancy hand made engraved and silver inlay bits and custom leather work on most everything. Also, most of that will last a very long time.    
                .
Lol what does that mean?
>Asking for me. Just admit it's for a friend already. 
wooah- **OOOOAH**-ooooah ^oooah^oooah^oooah oh^oh^ohohohoh oh oh^oh^oh^oh^oh **OOOOOOAH**
How did they get North Korea's measurement?
After the Dear Leader's six-foot schlong, yours will be a terrible disappointment.
I don't know, did you not ever watch television or see a movie?  I get what you're saying, but I'm sure you've at least seen a tv program that featured middle class people, or even read a book.
Exactly, I was only like 10 and not used the nuances of society and social norms
Not everyone had maids, played golf and sailed. Also, I had the concept of used cars explained to me which was crazy
My uncle described it to me perfectly:If someone gives you $5000 you're going to spend it almost immediately on rent, tuition, groceries and maybe a small fun thing that you can now afford. If someone gives me $5000 Im going to put into my bank account and ride the interest.
The reason that the rich were so rich, Vimes reasoned, was because they managed to spend less money.Take boots, for example. He earned thirty-eight dollars a month plus allowances. A really good pair of leather boots cost fifty dollars. But an affordable pair of boots, which were sort of OK for a season or two and then leaked like hell when the cardboard gave out, cost about ten dollars. Those were the kind of boots Vimes always bought, and wore until the soles were so thin that he could tell where he was in Ankh-Morpork on a foggy night by the feel of the cobbles.But the thing was that good boots lasted for years and years. A man who could afford fifty dollars had a pair of boots that'd still be keeping his feet dry in ten years' time, while the poor man who could only afford cheap boots would have spent a hundred dollars on boots in the same time and would still have wet feet.This was the Captain Samuel Vimes 'Boots' theory of socioeconomic unfairness.
Bangladeshi Iranian mix with a strong political background. Born and raised at Bangladesh till I was like 14. Quite common amongst the elite percentage of Bangladesh too...
My family is not rich, but we have had a maid for as long as I remember, she was my grandparents' maid first. In my country that is common, I'm not from the US. Anyways, she's part of the family and her son is like a cousin to me. He comes to visit, he brings his family and we all have lunch together, mostly eating out or barbecue so his mother has almost no work to do and can enjoy the visit of her son. We usually help around when he comes too. It's nice. 
Did they foster her?
Well in my family they weren't. They were reminded of their social status with every opportunity at hand. Not by my parents or uncles and aunts of course, but like the maids had this leader of sorts within our household who dished out whatever punishment/reward my parents or uncles and aunts deemed just for the actual maids...
To us, they were/are part of the family, but it's strange when your second mom/mom's best friend is also an employee.
Sorry - I just gotta ask. What in the world makes you think that a homeless person or a vet would want to be your servant? 
being rich is to dating what being really good looking is to dating to be honest
i went to uchicago and none of those people talk to me anymore.knowing how to communicate with academics has been useful however.
It doesn't even have to be that blatant. Many privileged people genuinely are good at what they do and have worked hard to get where they are. What they fail to realize is that there are people who are as good (or better) who have worked as hard (or harder) who will never even be able to get their foot in the door (if they even were aware the door existed).
Thank god for Facebook. It's a useful way to stay passively connected with people. 
Thanks for the advice. I'm connected with most of my old classmates and professors via LinkedIn, but it'd be a good idea to do the same with some of the older students from my major.
Yeah, I know what you mean. Often of the 100 applicants 75 are qualified, but the 3 who were hired were hired due to connections. They were a part of the 75 qualified applicants, but it was unfair because the other 72 qualified applicants had no real chance of getting hired. I know someone who is competent in some areas but lacking in many others and got many job offers because his dad is a millionaire with lots of business connections and just connections to business owners. One of the jobs was ridiculous, it was with an NBA franchise. The perks alone were crazy. He never would have gotten near that job without his father.I don't like it, but I'd probably do the same. If I had a hundred million dollars and a company and my close friend's kid needed a job I would probably hire them so long as they were not horrible. 
My hours are similar and that's exactly what I do. A couple of days per week I go for a run as soon as I get home from work, and just eat dinner later. I'll also usually run on Saturdays but that can be whenever. On the days I don't run, I get up a bit earlier and do bodyweight exercises before work.
I work out from 7-8 pm in my bedroom. I get up at 5:15 am, leave for work at 6:30 am, try to get to work by 8 am, try to be home by 6:30 pm, work out M-Th from 7-8 pm and try to have lights out at 9 pm (SO's alarm goes off from 4 am to 4:30 am). It's really, really hard finding the energy to do this, and being limited by dumbbells at the moment, but it's paying off. Taking Fridays off is kind of my reward for getting through the work week. 
I work am 8-5. But I've realized it's not entirely about the hours worked. I mean, there are a whole 6 hours between 5pm and 11pm. But if one's job is way too physically and mentally exhausting, those hours just burn away. I have the energy to exercise an hour, and sometimes cook a simple meal, but of course i dont pursue hobbies like i used to edit: and oh yeah i dont have kids. Thank god i dont have kids. I always push myself to go to the gym for an hour, but the intensity varies. Sometimes it is just a brisk jog when i have too few fucks left to give. On weekends and better days, it can be sprints and weights and all that. 
Get up early and work out then. You'll feel better all day.
I work 8-5 and exercise during my midday lunch break! It feels great to move after sitting for so long and then I just go back and eat at my desk while working. No extra time out of my day and it beats that mid-day restlessness and keeps it from coming back. 
Man, really? We're not living hand to mouth but we can barely afford to go to a city in the next state next week, let alone travel to another country. 
I live an hour and a half from the Canadian border. Going on holiday abroad is a long afternoon. 
No one should pass up a $20 goat.  That's a good deal.
Step 3: Live long enough to enjoy it
Very much so. She couldn't use the dishwasher because a pan handle was blocking the door from closing and latching. But she thought she would just try to run it with an open door. When it didn't work, she told us it was broken. When she moved out, she moved on (let's say) the 15, and moved her stuff out on the 30th. She was upset that her rent wasn't prorated from the 15th because she wasn't living there regardless of all her stuff staying there. We left a package in front of her door. And she stepped over it for six months, then one day asked if we had seen it. We simply asked if it was the one by her feet, and she was like, oh yea, thanks. Shit like this ALL THE TIME.I've had shitty roomate before though too. I had to make a sub for my last roommate to just be able to vent. I probably shouldn't share this, and never had. But if you want stories about my last roomie check out r/IHateMyRoommate. You have to sort by all time. Mine are pretty old.I should add other stories there, like when one of my roomies faked his own death. Or the one that.... You get the idea.   
Honestly wouldn't call someone that dumb book smart either.Where I come from knowing whether or not a company is going to steal your ideas because you blatantly told them all of you ideas doesn't really fall under street smarts...More of a how likely is this person going to get stabbed or not if I drop them in the middle of ghetto town USA.
There were multiple fuck ups.
Probably, but usually at the end of the project.
Mmhm. I know I've depended on a food bank to eat in the past, but had never heard of pantry delivery.(Also I kept misreading it as 'panty delivery', which confused me even more.)
Schooner Alcyone
>Just curious, but how does the plane spend its earnings? Does it go to a bar and buy plane beer and hang out with its ~~plane pals~~ wingman?
It has its WWII technology 4-cyl, 110hp engine rebuilt.... for $26,000.
They usually go for a party, and then crash for the night.
It uses it to pay for the hangar space, the same way that we might pay rent. 
I paid $90/hr wet for a nice 172 with a 530. 'Course I got the ol' work-at-the-FBO discount. 
I don't know why. That joke was pure gold!
I'd bank on that!
wingdings is a font which is perfectly described by the Merriam-webster dictionary thusly:>That shit's funky, I don't even know
Small sample size of just Kim Jong Un. 
What sort of books and films do you think I was into at around age 10? I was into ninja turtles and back to the future, neither of which do much to educate someone on social class. I'm pretty sure I had no concept of what middle class even was at that age. If you mean the holiday thing when I was older, holiday time for a European employer was not a major theme, or a theme of any sorts, in any show, film or book I was into. The internet wasn't a thing when I got my first job. I was naive and laugh about it now, but it's not like I was so far off the mark. We did get a month off, by law everyone did. I just didn't realise it's not normal to take it all in one go because my parents and friends' parents literally did it every year. Normal when you're young is what you see and experience around you. 
See the concept of new cars somewhat boggles me. Growing up my parents always did alright, I honestly don't know how well off they are because they made it a point not to spoil me but never had issues with the necessities. That being said, they have never bought a new car, they solely buy cars that have just been returned from a lease, car models don't change much in two years and leased cars generally are kept in great condition because they are being returned. Along with that, once you drive a car off the lot it depreciates in value immensely, you literally are throwing sometimes thousands of dollars away. So buying a basically brand new car that's two years old for the fraction of a new car just makes so much more sense regardless of who you are. 
Fucking $3 a year
Same here- Bangladeshi! Except I was born and raised in the US, so when I went to Bangladesh, it was actually kind of hard for me to get accustomed to the maids working. They were all MUCH older [like 70s, except for like 1] and I honestly felt bad getting them to do my things, mainly because I was used to doing things myself and being independent. Each time I go back, it is difficult. Last time, I went to Bangladesh was about a year ago and my relatives were surprised to see me cooking on my own, in their kitchen [using the stove, cutting things, and so on]. And also attempting to do my own laundry [attempting because the maids took over there and I didn't know where exactly to wash and dry my clothes].Their kids' version of cooking for the family is order the maids around and say they did it. And the maids due their laundry. The youngest cousin was like 6 and she was not even potty trained, which was ridiculous.
I have some questions that some might deem offensive.  That is not my intent, I am merely curious and apologize if the subject matter comes across as culturally ignorant.  The questions are as follows:Is there ever a feeling of guilt when exposed to the extreme inequity between your family and the vast majority of your countrymen?  I'm a capitalist who believes that income/wealth inequality is necessary, but I have a hard time getting my head around such massive displays of wealth, especially when made in a country where most of the people struggle to get by and/or have a very low standard of living.  I'm also curious as to whether or not there are many Bangladeshis in positions similar to yours that harbor any kind of desire to invest in the country and provide opportunities for the populace to escape the social class they were born into.  I'm particularly intrigued by this due to the fact that many (not all) in the Bangladeshi 1% have gotten to where they are or continue to find success because of the rampant corruption that is commonplace.  I know these questions sound harsh and judgmental.  I apologize and hope you recognize that I ask out of mere curiosity and not a desire to criticize. 
That was probably meant considered fostering her in case her mom should die, and I choose to believe that didn't happen because she lived.
No, the mom beat the odds :)
I think what Blessthefa11 was trying to say was they would like to give someone like a homeless person or unemployed vet an job opportunity.
> Very much so. She couldn't use the dishwasher because a pan handle was blocking the door from closing and latching. But she thought she would just try to run it with an open door. When it didn't work, she told us it was broken.This is not a rich person thing. Its a stupid person thing. Most middle class and poor people do stuff like this too. 
Booksmart only pertains to how well you do in an academic environment. If should could skim through the text book, retain everything and get straight As in difficult courses then she is booksmart. That is were the idios-savant factor comes in. You can be a genius in one area and severely underdeveloped in others. 
That's a thing too./r/usedpantiesMight be a little NSFW
Neat! I didn't know how many of these there are. Sounds like an absolute blast.
This won't do....you need to try better
You are now banned from /r/pyongyang.
Small lol
Yeah I would agree, nowadays I'd buy a year old car myself. My parents though liked the new car smell or something I think, plus being able to spec a car exactly as you like it 
It's not about the interest %, it's that he can sit on $5k becuase he doesn't *need* that money.
I imagine it wouldn't be so strange to cook for yourself since you're from the U.S. and might want to make some classic U.S. food they wouldn't know how to make. 
Yep, she's not book smart, she's a moron.
I don't think they go door-to-door, though.
It was. That week was one of the most memorable experiences of my life, and 9 years later I still keep in touch with people I met on that trip. 
Ooooooooh
I'm happy you had that experience :)
And how do you figure $3 a year?
Estimation.
My ninth grade honors English teacher.  She told my older sister that her essay wasn't good enough for her class and then proceeded to make fun of it every year in front of every class. With my sister's name still on it. I didn't find out until I got into the class, 2 years later. I still hate that bitch.
PE teacher. Picked me and another chubby girl out, told everyone else to sit down on the bleachers to watch us race to find out who was the slowest girl in the class. We were 11. Got bullied so badly after that,  I wound up changing schools.
Third grade teacher mentally and emotionally abused me with bullying so ruthless that I have diagnosed PTSD and permanent memory loss. I used to tell my parents that I wished I was dead and I hadn't even hit double digits in age. Kids in my class used to go home and tell their parents how horrible she was to me, to the point where my mom got multiple phone calls about it from random parents. Thanks catholic school!
This is actually a professor I have in grad school. I don't even know where to begin. - His one grad student, one of my friends, he totally ignored and wouldn't set up a meeting with her for months when she first arrived. She ended up loosing out on grants because she couldn't meet with him to get him to write her letters of rec. She ended up switching advisors and he threatened that he would make sure she would never work in the part of the world he specializes in and she wanted to work in. Since then he has sent some threatening emails, has come down to our office and was really imposing and threatening, walks by her meetings with her new advisor and stares at her etc. A total creep, but the school's Title IX office says she has no case and he has tenure. - A class I took with him, he had no syllabus, assigned one reading, and then we the students had to provide the readings for the rest of the week and lead discussions. He was more of another student than the professor and we learned absolutely nothing. - I TAed for him, and he was completely disrespectful of the TAs, assigning us tasks with very little warning, providing no backup with students. For example, I had a student follow none of the directions for a paper so I failed him, and the professor gave him an A after he went to complain. 
She consistently graded the papers I wrote for my friend better than the papers I wrote for myself by a wide margin. Thought she might be on to us so had him write his own paper. Same shit regardless.
Locked me in a [copy](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L5jRewnxSBY) room every day for two years.  Fourth to Sixth grade. 
In a parent teacher conference told me that I wouldn't get into a private high school. Got $27K for my freshman year of college. Also same teacher who sexually harassed a student. All at a private school 
My year 11 Art teacher told my now sister in law that I'd never be successful in life.. constantly told me that I wasn't good at art and that I should give up on trying to be anything.Well I'm now a few months away from getting my B.A (hons) in Fine Art and I'm applying for PGCE in general primary so I can be a better influence than she could ever be. :) 
 My tenth grade English teacher had our names up on a board when one girl raised her hand and pointed out that the teacher had spelled her name wrong. The teacher told the student no, that's how you spell it.. She was being serious. We all just stared at her for a while hoping that she was joking, but she wasn't. She was serious! A god damn English teacher didn't realize there was more than one way to spell a name!  The girl that raised her hand eventually said but that's how my parents spelled it on my birth certificate. To which the teacher responded well your parents spelled it wrong too. The poor girl that had raised her hand had no idea what to say so she just slowly lowered her hand and never spoke up in that class ever again. 
My English teacher in 8th grade was making fun of my friends accent, I told her to stop being a bully and she sent me to the deans office. 
Never explaining shit and grading his ambiguous papers based on which students he liked the most. Hey fuck you professor McHale.
Mrs. Marne, 3rd grade. I despised her to the depths of my soul  (and still do) because she ripped my best friend's bandana off and screamed awful shit at her. Said friend had leukemia. Her hair had fallen out because of the chemo, and she wore bandanas all the time to protect her head. The teacher knew this.
Hit me with a cane.
I had 2 equally terrible teachers. And they both just did not like anything I did. They constantly let other students get away with shit and for some reason targeted me for nearly all punishment in the classroom.The first one I ended up calling a bitch when I was having a bad day once and got in trouble, and that was that. The second one, I was in high school so I talked to the counselor and had her move me out of that class which was great.
This was in either the 2nd or 4th grade. Our teacher left due to maternity leave, so we had a lot of replacement teachers. One of them was this Parisian lady, I didn't understand an assignment so i asked her to explain. Didn't get it the 2nd time either. She pulled my hair and asked me why I was so dumb. Also one time for an arts and crafts activity we had to make a card for our parents saying why we appreciate them. I have no artistic talent, or eye for the aesthetic whatsoever. The card was folded in a crooked fashion and my writing was crooked. She said that she felt sorry for my parents because they raised such an incompetent child or something along those lines. I was too much of a pussy back then to say anything to my parents or the principal. The other kids liked to tease me so they didn't really care about my well being either. 
A geography teacher I had when I was about 16 had us quietly reading our textbooks when he suddenly spoke up and told me I was wasting my time in his class. I passed every test he gave us. OK I didn't get straight A's, but I passed. It might not sound like much, but over ten years later I still think about it. I never had any trouble in school, never got detention, got on very well with nearly every teacher I had. He just seemed to dislike me for no reason I can discern, and I guess I hate him for that. 
My one teacher for AP US History. He did nothing. Every morning he would pass out a worksheet then sit at his computer. He would assign 10 pages of the textbook a night (which had ant print). We never got notes from him and there was stuff on the tests that wasn't even in the book. Needless to say, we all bombed the AP test.
This teacher was the leader of the Gay-Straight Alliance at my school. When I graduated, I added her on facebook where I found a lot of pro-Trump anti-gay stuff. I felt very betrayed by her and quickly learned how two-faced she was. 
This crazy sub screamed her ass off at me for bending under my desk to pick up a pencil. And being the shy, quiet kid I was at the time, I broke down crying!
My freshman biology teacher. Yes, he did the dumb shit like have the textbook teach us and go on hour and a half lectures with nothing else going on, but that isn't what pushed me over the edge.One day this fucker brings in a bunch of books about religion. Not stuff like the bible, but just informative books about world religions. He then goes on a rant about religious people, going on about how it's all bullshit and that anyone who's religious is ignorant. Instead of teaching, he rants on this the ENTIRE CLASS PERIOD. 99 minutes of him bashing religion and religious people.Now don't get me wrong, I am atheist and I know there can be bad people who happen to be religious, but the fact that he was making so many gross generalizations in front of a bunch of kids made me disgusted with him. Especially since during that time I had a relative looking to Christianity to cope with a traumatic event, it just really ticked me off that he would try to make us hate something that has helped a person I love.Eventually I sent him an e-mail and he apologized over e-mail, but I don't think it was very sincere. Don't know if he still does it to his new students, but here's to hoping he doesn't.
My Kindergarten Teacher was super mean. She was pretty old, and I think she retired a couple of years later. She would always pull ears if you were misbehaving, and was generally a mean lady. But the one thing that really stood out to me, was once we were going to get some macaroni and cheese which is something I've always loved. I didn't finish some work assignment, because I was a kid, and playing was more fun. Instead of letting me eat, everyone else in my class, including her were eating theirs while I tried to finish my work. She ate mine in front of me, and said This is really good, Sandwichslap! I was so mad that I didn't finish the work out of spite. She could have been a good teacher, and helped me finish so I could eat, but didn't. What a bitch.
Gave me an F on every paper because my opinion was not the one he came up with. 
Said I couldn't wear my hat inside school
My professor gave free riders higher grades for a 100% project-based module. I appealed and failed. The professor said I got consistently bad peer evaluations from all my teammates. My whole group was trying to leech. He was just see who was the less free-rider. I replied to the whole review team questioning the professor how he came to the conclusion that I slacked the most. The project plan indicated what everyone did. I was one of the two presenters during all the system intermediate releases. The professor also allocated marks for source codes and documentations, so if he actually checked the files, he would notice that I was the author for the whole mobile app. Most importantly, some of my teammates wrote in to speak up for me and debunked the professor's claim that they marked me down. Long story short, the result of my complaint was the professor had been fair and impartial and I was asked to let it go. 
He told that class that if you ask questions he would dock you marks, it was an introductory course to computers.
Tried to force his political opinions down our throats. It's not fair for teachers to do that. 
She was a total asshole to our class. Demanded unreasonable standards of professionalism, treated us as punching bags for everything personal going on in her life. She encouraged us to ask questions, but the moment we answered, she immediately dismissed our answers for not being exactly what she wanted. So after a while nobody wanted to participate, and then we got in trouble because we didn't talk during class. It sucked.
She thought I couldn't read and wouldn't believe me or my parents that I could. I was in second grade and she put me in the lowest reading group. I read the whole reader, front to back, then started anagramming pages in my head. But because of this, I never knew what page I was supposed to be on when we read out loud. My finger was never on the word it was supposed to be on. So the teacher thought I couldn't read.
I had library class once a week that was taught by a crusty old nun.  Basically the class was sitting in silence reading a book.  But you could only grab one book, and it had to be something she approved of.  I found this cool book about monsters, she yelled that's the devils work and slammed my face into it.  
Physics prof who made a homophobic comment on the first day of class, never planned any of his lessons so mostly just read off of the PowerPoints the textbook company had created and end up getting confused when he lost his place, go on long rambling explanations of things that had nothing to do with the lesson at hand but did end up being on the test, assigned homework that had nothing to do with anything related to what we learned and had questions on the test that weren't anything that we had learned...I actually left that class knowing less than I did when I went in. Close runner up is a French prof who, while adorable and clearly trying her best, had such a distinct language barrier between her and us that she couldn't answer half the questions asked. I ended up having to answer the questions and then she would be mad at me for interrupting class. (Actually, all of my college-level French profs are the runners-up, they were all pretty terrible.)
I did great work, that would get me 90+ grades from any other teacher, but he gave me a fucking 77.He never answered a question, he always gave vague as fuck response so that we had no idea what it had to do with the original question.And his rubric were a bunch of gibberish that had nothing to do with the assignment given.Fuck you, Mr Ilagan 
I used to play the French horn. I was the only kid in my class, and one of only two kids in the whole county who played. I really loved it, but my teacher tried to force me to perform in a concert by myself waaay before I was ready. I dropped out of my class because of it and never picked up the French horn again. I still resent her for it.My brother also dropped out of her class after learning to play the trumpet because she was also obnoxious as hell. Apparently my brother was having trouble positioning his lips and after making several kissing noises at him she yelled DO YOU WANT TO KISS ME?!
Gave us a grading rubric that he would be following, said that we would probably be getting a c for all of our work, but gave no examples or explanation on how to score higher. This went against the school's rubric, for the same assignment. Got very upset when complaints began to happen to the dean, and then suddenly went off on an email to all the students saying how this was all a scam, and rage quit. That was an interesting week. 
My first grade teacher screamed at me in front of the entire class that I thought I was special because I could read. (Yeah, because she didn't teach anyone how to read in that awful class and I was the only one who learned outside of school.) She also called me by the wrong name for 3/4 of the year, even putting it on my report cards and royally fucking up my records for the rest of schooling.
In 4th grade it was my first year in honors math and I went to a different teacher than my regular one. My regular teacher still made me do her math homework plus my honors even though I wasn't their for her lecture. 
Hated that I was on the accelerated math program in 5th grade, had to be forced to do it, and would empty out my cubby every time she lost an assignment. 5th grade sucked
Two of my teachers  were fired a year after I was in their class but they weren't as bad as my high school art teacher. No one liked her. She very obviously graded based on who the student was, rather than the quality of their artwork. She was only nice to white, straight students, even if they showed up to class late and didn't work. She belittled a girl in front of the class for wanting to go into art therapy. She showed examples of bad artwork by picking someone's art from the class, with their name on it, and shat on them in front of the entire class. She hated me for some reason, even though I almost never talked to her.
4th grade teacher used to tickle the girls in his class (even when they said stop it), give them wet willies, and put a girl on his lap most of the class.  4 of us  called him out for being a pervert, principal asked me if I understood what pervert meant.  Two years later a classmate called guy out for being a pervert again, thought I said it. And he told me he would sue me for slander.  Most teachers after that did not want me in their class cause they thought I caused problems.  
I was in fourth grade and forgot my jacket at home when I scrambled to catch the bus in the morning. It was really cold outside but we still had recess. Before we went outside one kid called me out for not having my jacket. The teacher got really mad at me and made me sit out of recess. Which would have been fine if I had to stay inside, but no, she made me sit outside on a bench in the cold. It was an honest mistake.
happened when i was in 2nd grade,the teacher was out and the boys were kinda noisy. the teacher came back and all the girls complained so she had all the boys line up and face the chalkboard and proceeded on hitting us each with a board ruler. she was one of those feminist witch.
I have a few...* A maths teacher I had in middle school would pick on me every single lesson for answers. She knew I was shy and would get very nervous when put on the spot, and she also knew I was slow at solving even simple math equations. She would then berate me in front of the entire class if I didn't know the answer, couldn't get the answer quick enough, or didn't finish all of the questions we were tasked with in class. I'm pretty certain she's one of the contributing factors to me developing social anxiety, which I still have to this day* In middle school my main tutor (in year five) bullied me because of my love for white tigers. She didn't stop others bullying me either, and would even join in sometimes.* In middle school, I told my main tutor (in year seven) that I was being bullied and she told me it was my own fault and I deserved it. For the record, I didn't deserve it at all, and had never been nasty to any of the people who bullied me.* In upper school I was on runner duty - for those who don't know, that's when a student is tasked with sending messages from the reception to classrooms - and I was sent into a classroom that had a substitute teacher. The entire class was over full of people who had bullied me in middle school. They all started laughing, barking, and howling at me. I gave the message to the sub teacher, and walked away to leave, looking extremely sheepish and embarrassed. The sub then called me back with a huge grin on his face and made me stand next to him whilst he let this class continue making noises at me. The whole time he sat there staring at me, chuckling and smiling while this class was going wild. Then he let me go. I wish I'd just walked out instead of waiting for him to give me permission to leave, but I was a total teachers pet back then and terrified of getting in to trouble. I still get nightmares.* In sixth form my art teacher repeatedly made fun of me in front of the class for basing my art work on dragons, and because I spent a lot of time on my art work, because I wanted it to be perfect. Eventually one of my classmates started bullying me about it too. My social anxiety had gotten very severe at the time, and it got to the point where I could physically make my self climb the stairs up to the art classroom. I quit the subject in the end.
My teacher called me a smartass  for correcting her grammar
I used to have severe asthma problems in elementary school. At one point in 5th grade, I had just had a series of asthma attacks and the school nurse excused me from P.E. so I could rest. Basically, I could just sit on the sidelines and do other homework. However, we had two P.E. teachers. The nurse only told one of the teachers that I was excused, so the other one didn't know. The teacher that didn't know asked me why I was sitting on the side, not participating, and I told him that the nurse told the other teacher that I was having asthma problems and that I could be excused from participation. He then said, Well, the nurse didn't tell me! When I told him he could call the nurse so she could tell him herself, he said I don't have time right now. And proceeded to make me run laps for 10 minutes.
My 4th grade teacher didn't like me because I was a bit of a mischief maker, so she kind of directed her dislike of kids at me. She deliberately made me do assignments over for stupid reasons like sloppy handwriting or taking up too much space. She kept me doing simple math and english assignments that I had completely mastered, so I had to play catch up the next year because I hadn't ever been allowed to move on. I also had a counselor who worked with me for ADHD who she proclaimed to the class was my tutor, just to embarrass me. I hated that miserable bitch haha.
Call me Andre for my entire highschool experience...my names not Andre it's RJ
My fifth grade teacher apparently hated everyone, myself included.  I had not had any previous problems with teachers and have never had one since, so I tend to think it wasn't ALL me, although I can't discount the possibility that however old you are in 5th grade me wasn't a bit of an asshole.  I did question authority, but most of my teachers to that point had been hippie liberals who just seemed to roll with it.  (It was the 70's.)  Anyway, this lady tried to belittle me in front of the class; had me do remedial HANDWRITING - actually brought in kindergarten paper and letter books for me to practise on  - and gave me some fairly terrible grades.  I can't say I gave much of a shit; I had no respect for her so her opinions of me didn't make a dent.  Somehow I passed the fifth grade and continued my education pretty uneventfully.  Later I found out she sent every kid in the class except me home crying at some point, and was fired.  I've had functionally worse teachers, but she was the most worthless.
Freshman year high school in honors bio.  It was at my local public high school but I just graduated from a private middle school with a graduating class of 25.I was pretty nervous.Bio teacher sucked (was old, close to retirement, had reached the don't-give-a-fuck stage, etc.).  I remember going up to her after the 2nd week or so saying, I'm having a bit of trouble with the exams/tests and I'm wondering if you could give me some tips that might help me be more successful in this class.She was a pretty sweet old lady, but was still a shitty teacher.  She looked at me, smiled, and said, Now sometimes there will be classes that you have that you just won't really get.  All you can hope to do is study a little bit more and try your best!I was just like, The fuck?  Being a freshman I didn't really know how to even respond to that.Whatever, it's waaaay in the past but I still remember it vividly.
Fortunately, I just seem to exist in the subconscious of all my teachers so none ever targeted me.However, I had a sub in 7th grade CTE (who was our Jr High choir teacher, 7th-9th was jr high). She told us to continue programming a game in Powerpoint, but I was done. After a minute of browsing my school files, she yelled at me to get my work done. I'm done? I replied, to which she yelled at me to read.So I did. Then she yelled at me to get to work.So I got online to check my grades and to find out what I was missing. Nothing.She yelled at me again to work on my Powerpoint. Okay. Log into powerpoint. Test run my game. Everything is perfect. WHAT ARE YOU DOING? GET TO WORK!This time, the surroundings 5 kids jumped to my defense. That IS our assignment! She was fuming. Practically stomped back to the desk and left me be. I just read for the rest of class.
Definitely my 6th grade teacher. I learned to type on a keyboard before we started learning at school so I used the standard more gamer-y layout (left hand on WASD, right hand hovering around enter) and I had the keyboard memorized for that layout. She told me that if I did not re-learn how to type using the homerow keys and successfully complete every single one of the online typing lessons using the homerow keys she would make sure I never left elementary school and was never able to graduate high school or even get into college.Two days later there was a parent teacher conference and I never heard a word from her again about it. I have no idea what my parents said but supposedly they also called some middle school and high school teachers to ask them about it too, and none of them had issues with non-standard typing patterns. She glared at me the rest of the year and I'm pretty sure she hated me, though. EDIT: Maybe it was just that I could type faster than her? I could type around 60-70 WPM back then and now can do about 100-110.
AP Literature Senior year of high school. She was absolute shit, but thought she was hot shit. She started the class with the attitude of this class will change your life. I will be a GOD to you kids and proceeded to teach us nothing of value. She had this habit of pontificating assignments rather than assigning them; she'd sit on her chair for 5 minutes and talk about what she was looking for in the paper by listing a bunch of vague, unrelated ideas. Then she'd get upset with us when everyone wrote on something different because no one knew what the fucking assignment was. She made fun of kids who didn't agree with her and would openly try to curry favor with us by canceling assignments or assigning fun homework. Never mind that what we really wanted was to be challenged. Also, fuck the calculus teacher who gave me a C in his class, even though I got a 5 on both his practice test and the actual AP test. It wasn't even like I was poorly behaved or inattentive. I raised my hand and explained concepts when people asked me questions. I just didn't want to spend 5 hours doing his 40 question homework assignments. That class was more difficult to pass than Multivariable calc in college, and I was genuinely terrified of failing that class. 
wouldn't let me drop religion, even though other people had dropped the subject. anyway, had a nap through my final exam and got a U.
I deserved some of her crap because it was gym and I did press her buttons from time to time, but she got irrationally angry at me because I wasn't passing the basketball to enough girls on the team.  The girls didn't care, and the guys on each team were in the middle of a pretty intense game.  She demanded I pass to a girl right then and there; I shot instead and made it. She lost her shit and called my parents and accused me of being on steroids and stuff related to roid rage and behavior. Idk. I was like 5'10 175.
Senior year AP Chem teacher. Literally took off points for no reason. She was my Umbridge. My sister had the same teacher a few years before, with the same labs, etc. I didn't realize this until the middle of the year. I had a feeling the teacher was marking certain students' labs unfairly, so I tried a little test. On the introduction of one of the labs, I copied my sister's intro exactly. Word for word. What did I get? 10/15. What did my sister get a few years back? 14/15. Eventually, what happened was, most of the class figured out that if you didn't work, you'd get a C or a B-, or something. If you did work hard, you'd get a B or B plus. Eventually most students, especially the seniors just gave up. If you don't reward effort, you're not going to get any.
I hated so many for so many different reasons, but the one that comes to mind was my high school chemistry teacher.  He had the hardest class in the entire school, and we all hated him because he actually made us learn.  I went to a really shitty public school, and you could just cruise through most of the classes because very few of the teachers actually gave a shit.
Sent me to the school psychologist because I couldn't stop writing violent things.Spoiler: She was full of shit.
He made me and my buddy kneel at our desks for days because we were leaning back in our chairs.  I stacked my books up and sat on those and he kicked them out from under me and I fell back and hit my head really hard on the desk behind me.My buddies mom brought a reporter from the newspaper (she was friends with the reporter) and went fucking nuclear on the principal.  We had a new teacher the next day.  I thought I was going to get in trouble for getting a teacher fired so I didn't tell my mom for about 10 years.  
8th grade math teacher was terrible at explaining math. She'd randomly pick you to do a problem on the chalkboard in the middle of class, she'd start tapping her long ass nail on the chalkboard next you..as she glanced over and staring at you doing the problem. Get it wrong because she didn't explain it correctly? She'd quickly take her nail off the chalkboard that made that awful screech and yell pretty much in your ear Incorrect! Then proceed to berate you in front of the class. Some popular terms were Are you a retard? Did your mom use cocaine when she was carrying you? Sometimes she'd have a plastic ruler that she'd break in half on the teacher desk, wall, or chalkboard. One particular phrase I remember she telling this girl who was pretty much the smartest in the class, you are the dumbest person I know, you are going to work as a deep fry girl living off food stamps and starving to death trying to feed 6 babies you have out of wedlock. That girl stopped going to school there that day, her mom pulled her out; she got held back but entered a near by private - relatively nationally elite school the following year. I took her to prom, she was always pretty cool.One of the only reasons why I was able to handle it was primarily because I always skipped on Wednesday. This was pretty much widely accepted, I just stayed home/slept until 4pm and played video games to my hearts content. Sometimes I'd skip not just Wednesday but Friday and Monday as the Math teacher was only the tip of the iceberg of my issues with grade school.edit: rephrased something; more rephrasing. 
My 4th grade teacher wouldn't move my level up on the times tables. No matter how many times I passed. We got a sub for a few days and I passed all the way up to where I didn't need to do anymore. Mrs. Bitch comes back and puts me back on the same fucking level I've passed 48597358 times.
Constant condescension
Called the police on me when I was 11.(I was a straight A student with health problems. She was a bitch.)
Did you ever hear the tragedy of Darth Plagueis the wise? I thought not. It's not a story the Jedi would tell you. It's a Sith legend. Darth Plagueis was a Dark Lord of the Sith, so powerful and so wise he could use the Force to influence the midichlorians to create life... He had such a knowledge of the dark side that he could even keep the ones he cared about from dying. The dark side of the Force is a pathway to many abilities some consider to be unnatural. He became so powerful... the only thing he was afraid of was losing his power, which eventually, of course, he did. Unfortunately, he taught his apprentice everything he knew, then his apprentice killed him in his sleep.It's ironic he could save others from death, but not himself.
How bad does a teacher have to be to not even keep confidentiality of a student's name?
what an ass of a teacher. Was he/she held liable for what he/she did?
How were they never reported and/or sacked? I'm so sorry, are you alright now?
Why did you decide to be his TA after those, prior, experiences? 
Why would they lock you in there? And Fourth to Sixth?
Wow. First one makes them mean, the second makes them a shit person
Unethical much?
That's terrible, just because you weren't a good artist doesn't mean you're an idiot.
I'm wondering what she was trying to accomplish by leading the gay-straight alliance, considering her political views.
Man, shy kids get no respect.
There are good and bad religious and atheist teachers, unfortunately I cannot really empathise with you as during my school life I had mostly good teachers who teach a variety of classes... Keep the beliefs out of the class unless the class specifically teaches those beliefs, no need to bash others just because they have a belief that you dont have :/ can't understand why many people here don't do that
When was this? Because this almost sounds like corporal punishment
i read your name in a slur and now im imagining a old crone in crossed legs sitting on a table eating mac and cheese and saying in a slurred voice this is really good Sandwichslap
Wow. How dare you not have the exact same opinion as your teacher, based on your exact same world views and experiences. For shame lineman, for shame
Kinda sounds like my Spanish teacher. He wants the entire class to be involved in all of the stories that we make in class, but when we're not involved he gives lectures, which makes people less involved.
Ah. Good 'ol devil worship
Oooh. Was he one of those I take pride in the fact that kids never leave my class with an A teachers?
Why was it so important that you didn't have your jacket?
 take some solace in the fact that she probably hated you for not breaking down like the others.
Yeah, and super illegal. Violates FERPA.
Of course, school administrations are known to work really hard to make sure their students receive a top notch education and that their teachers are the most qualified people to provide and nurture our future generation!
It's right there in the post. Catholic school. 
In our department you get assigned your TA position, if you decline it, you get no funding for the semester. There was no choice. 
I had issues. 
It would have been around 1989 or so.
I just couldn't wrap my head around it. This was an English class and he'd always say the way I interpreted readings was blatantly off. I'd agree with him if he had an valid source proving me otherwise but no. All he had was the opinion he formulated and for that, I was wrong somehow....even though everyone else in the fucking class had their opinions and all seemed to get perfectly fine grades
Not really, I don't think he didn't really give a fuck about his job, most of the time he would just put a video on about some religious bullshit and then have us do an assignment semi-related to it.
Oh that's interesting... Well I'm sorry you had to be in that unpleasant situation. Some people are just off.
why are you required to have a position as a TA?
Well, TIL, corporal punishment still isn't completely illegal in the US in public schools, so depending on where you lived, it might now have mattered.
We have to work in return for our tuition being paid by the department as well as a stipend. If I managed to get outside funding I wouldn't have to TA, but that hasn't happened yet. 
