   Username: /u/wallawalla22   General field: Engineering   Specific field: Chemical Engineering   Particular areas of research water chemistry, heat transfer, and power generation.    Education: BS in Chemical Engineering, several years in the power industry.   Comments: [1](https://www.reddit.com/r/askscience/comments/5rwemq/can_paper_products_be_used_to_sequester_carbon/ddarruc/),[ 2](https://www.reddit.com/r/askscience/comments/kztae/why_is_it_easier_moving_something_on_wheels/c2olm9p/), [3](https://www.reddit.com/r/askscience/comments/5rn2m1/do_any_2_solids_react_with_each_other_without/dd91hqu/), [4](https://www.reddit.com/r/askscience/comments/5rm4sf/what_does_the_solubility_of_a_chemical_in_powder/dd91wzo/).
Username: /u/Xeno87General field: Physics & AstronomySpecific field: Theoretical Astrophysics, CosmologyParticular areas of research include general relativity, f(R) gravity, gravastars, dark energyEducation: Bachelor of Science in physics, first year Master's studies in physicsComments: [1](https://www.reddit.com/r/askscience/comments/38uxh9/are_there_any_stars_that_still_exist_from_the/cry9zm8/), [2](https://www.reddit.com/r/askscience/comments/3mlz2y/has_a_kugelblitz_ever_been_observed_or_recorded/cvgp3lm/), [3](https://www.reddit.com/r/askscience/comments/3o8mzw/can_someone_explain_the_general_premise/cvvqbje/), [4](https://www.reddit.com/r/askscience/comments/39ny58/why_does_string_theory_treat_time_as_a_separate/cs5385y/).Btw, the panelist link on the right still leads to the old thread.
Username: /u/firstyearalcoholic General field: engineeringSpecific field: mechanical engineering Specifically: offshore mechanical engineering and resource extractionEducation: first year masters in mechanical and offshore engineeringComments: [1](https://www.reddit.com/r/askscience/comments/38uxh9/are_there_any_stars_that_still_exist_from_the/cry9zm8/), [2](https://www.reddit.com/r/askscience/comments/3mlz2y/has_a_kugelblitz_ever_been_observed_or_recorded/cvgp3lm/), [3](https://www.reddit.com/r/askscience/comments/3o8mzw/can_someone_explain_the_general_premise/cvvqbje/), [4](https://www.reddit.com/r/askscience/comments/39ny58/why_does_string_theory_treat_time_as_a_separate/cs5385y/).
Username: /u/gautampk General field: PhysicsSpecific field: Quantum InformationIn particular: quantum networking and emergent properties of quantum systems.Education: MSc (in progess) in Physics, BSc in Physics. I have an /r/science flair by way of proof.Comments: [1](https://www.reddit.com/r/askscience/comments/21zzwg/equivalence_principle/cgi49v2/), [2](https://www.reddit.com/r/askscience/comments/2qqi9w/what_exactly_is_particle_spin_and_how_does_a/cn8murs/), [3](https://www.reddit.com/r/askscience/comments/2hu3by/how_do_force_carrying_particles_work/ckw1rtf/), [4](https://www.reddit.com/r/askscience/comments/4nmxw6/perhaps_a_new_idea_of_how_to_use_quantum/d45cs2o/), [5](https://www.reddit.com/r/askscience/comments/5q5pg8/since_theres_antihydrogen_does_that_mean_theres/dcx0wmd/), [6](https://www.reddit.com/r/askscience/comments/5sibi6/in_the_video_what_are_the_symbols_and_used_called/ddfc126/).
> Btw, the panelist link on the right still leads to the old thread.Thanks, we fixed it.
I'm a grad student in bioinformatics (it's a BLAST), so NCBI is my life. Do you or your colleagues have any fears that NIH, NLH, or NCBI might become the next victims of this administration?I understand if you don't want to or cannot answer. 
Hello! I am a senior in High School who will be going to college next year and wants to be a geneticist. What would you recommend future geneticists do while in college? What is your favorite part of your job? Least favorite? What surprises did you have after you started working in the field? 
How does one develop a career into science policy? What does your job entail?
Hi Dr. Anonymous and welcome! It seems hard to predict which programs might get a boost and which might be de-emphasized in the near future (technology vs. ethically challenging research for example) What's your take on the near future of STEM priority and policy?
Anxious extramural NIH funded researcher here.  Any hints about how funding Is going to look under this administration?  Is it time to start looking for positions in more science-friendly countries yet?
Hi Doc, quick one for you, when will CRISPR become an effective & widely available treatment for illnesses like HIV, Cancer, etc? edit: Spelling
hello doctor, thank you for taking the time to do this AMA at a crucial time such as this. I have the following questions that I was hoping you could shed some light on - The 21st Century Cures Act signed into law by Obama ensures funding for cancer and neurological and psychiatric diseases. However, given the current administration's unofficial anti-vaxxer stance (andrew wakefield being present at the inauguration party and all), their support for creationism/intelligent design to be taught in schools, and the effort to dismantle/de-regulate the EPA, how do you think funding for other areas of biological research, such as evolutionary bio and ecology, will be affected? And how can we prevent that from happening on a policy-level? Also, how can we ensure that rare diseases will still receive funding even though they will never result in development of commercially blockbuster drugs?Thank you again for taking the time to answer my questions and doing this AMA. Good luck with your research!
Thank you for doing this AMA! I am a senior graduate student in neuroscience with a growing interest in science policy. Can you please describe your career path that eventually lead you to science policy?
I see everyone here calling you Dr. but you made no mention of your qualifications. I am also a molecular biologist, but currently with a master's degree. I have done medical genetics research, plant protein splicing research, and I am currently working on vaccine development.Are there any job opportunities at the NIH for less than PhD level scientists?Thanks! 
Hello, may I ask what your salary is?Just a grade 12 kid looking to go into a life science program
Hi, a few questions for you.* What kind of impact will Trump have on jobs like yours and others' at the NIH, NSF, etc.?* How do you think Trump is going to affect research in the sciences in the US?* Lastly, what kinds of policies would you like to see enacted in the near future and what kinds of policies do you see edging nearer that you have concerns about?
Group leaders often complain about the huge amount of time writting funding applications takes. Time that could be better spent doing actual research. Do you have any ideas on how the funding process could become more streamlined or less depending on the researchers?
How have your governmantal relations been and how do you think this will change in the near future? (Speaking as a foreigner with no political leanings in either direction)
(How are you guys doing at NIH? Hang in there.)I don't know much about science policy. What does your job consist of on an average day?
Not sure if I'm asking this right, but here goes.  When you combine two substances you might get a chemical reaction, such as acids and bases, where the atoms in the molecules recombine to form new types of molecules. In molecular biology, there are molecules, within a cell for example, that can be said to be molecular machines, whose job is to move other molecules around.  Is that fundamentally different than a chemical reaction? Are molecular machines just types of chemical reactions? Is it possible to combine different substances in a chemical reaction, with the result being a new molecular machine, that will move around and alter other molecules? Hope I asked that in a sensible way. Thanks! 
Not a question but I want to say thanks for studying blindness, it affects many people and I thank you for your contributions.
I'm an aspiring molecular biologist with one semester left of undergrad. Can you offer me any advice on where to go or what to do after college?Also, what do you find to be the most interesting part of your job?Thanks!
Just another NIH'er dropping in to say:  rest up, stay strong, we have a tough fight ahead.
As a professor and NIH funded researcher, how screwed are we?
Hi! I'm curious why you chose to study blindness, was it something you found interesting throughout your studies or do you know somebody affected by genetic blindness? Thanks for your time
Assuming you would have a database of the genomes of everyone and also their complete phenotype, would it be possible to use to find out which gene does what, by only using statistical analysis?
Hi Dr. Scientist. Do you foresee this new administration causing a  brain drain in the U.S. similar to that which Germany did prior to World War 2.
What was your goal out of college?
What is your opinion on companies such as Ancestry and 23andme attempting to branch into medical diagnostics and the providing of raw genetic data to uninformed consumers?
What's your favorite gene?
what inspired you to enter the STEM field? What is your fondest memory of your STEM education?
Hello! I'm curious about your daily work. What's an average day look like for different activities? To what extent is your work solo vs. collaborative?
1. When do you think genetic testing will become readily available at an affordable price? 2. Do you think it will become a standard procedure for hospitals to screen newborns for genetic predispositions to diseases in the future?      
Hello, I just graduated college with a degree in molecular biology. What were the job prospects like for you when you first graduated and how much competition was there to obtain a position at the NIH? 
2 questions:What are reasons someone could be born blind?What can cause blindness outside of birth?
Hi there! I'm a current 3rd year MSci Genetics student in the UK who wants to get into scientific writing, publication and policy. Have you got any tips or advice on what to do after graduation? I would really like to get work outside of the UK or that involving travelling.Also if possible I'd like to hear your opinions on ipRGCs (intrinsically photosensitive retinal ganglion cells) and how they could effect treatment options?
What do you believe to be your greatest achievement in your specific line of work?Also, what is the most miraculous thing you've ever seen on the molecular level?
How can the scientific community respond to the research being done into medical conditions that certain people are genetically predisposed to without again rooting ourselves in racist theories and ideologies?
What does the almost part of this AMA entails?
What are some of the biggest obstacles to funding research in your field? Any thoughts on how to remove those obstacles?
Thanks for doing this AMA! I am a freshman in my undergrad on my way to working in genetic engineering. Do you have any advice for a young scientist like me (and others like me)? Thanks. Edit: added stuff
Hi, Dr. Somebody,I am a medical research specialist at UPenn. It seems as though most non-scientists I talk to think GMOs are bad without knowing what they are or how they are produced. Some people I know even believe that vaccines are bad for you.How do policy makers plan to educate the public about science when there are so many bad sources and special interests inandating the public with outright false or exaggerated claims about things like GMOs, vaccines, etc.?Thanks, A Concerned Scientist
How far away are we from developing a eyesight aid much like a hearing transplant?
Did you work primarily with blindness due to injury/disease or more with congenital causes? And what are the odds that the impaired could regain their vision depending on the cause?
How complicated would it be to re-engineer mitochondria to produce different chemical output?
do they drug test for employment at the NIH?
Hello! Do you find it difficult to collaborate with scientist from different countries? My research group is very diverse and there are a lot of struggles. Any tips?
What's the process behind relating genes to their functions? I've read that the main drawback of CRISPR is us not knowing which genes to target in certain cases, so I was curious to know how one would find out the function of a gene.
What do you think the effect of the current administration will be on students completing PhDs in the next few years? Do you think that the quantity/quality of young researchers pursuing academic careers may shift? As a student who is within a year of completing a PhD in biomedical sciences, the prevalent anti-scientific views makes me think that pursing an academic career in this political climate might be a tremendous risk, especially considering how tight funding already is. 
Hello Mystery Man :) I am finishing my PhD in evolutionary biology early next year, and at this point I can't say if I want to stick with research or not. It's the old story of a boy and a girl both doing their PhD and not really sure how to move on after and end up in (more or less) the same place.My question is, when did you decide to leave the ivory tower, and how did you go about it?
Do you work with the microbiome often?  I am just wondering if the term 'geneticist' only applies to human genetics, or also the the genetics of microorganisms that live in/around us.
Hi, a first year PhD student working with stem cells. So, when do you think we can start trials in humans using stem cells? And we know for the fact that research into stem cells was banned in Bush administration. Do you think current administration will do the same?
What are the most common reasons for people to be/become blind?
Hello, seeing you have a 10-year research experience I assume you did a PhD and a postdoc? When did you know you wanted to quit the bench for Science policy? How did you bring up the topic with your mentor / PI, or during interviews if you did apply for postdocs with that career in mind?Also what workshops/internships/experiences helped you get to your position?
ITT: unanswered questions 
Did you cry when DeVos got voted in, like I did? How do you think we can make science more appealing to the youth?
As a graduate student in a genetics program at a top research school that recieves a lot of NIH funding, should I worry for my lab and program that funding will decrease greatly? Do you think the number of graduate students chools accept this year will reflect current concerns about the future of funding and science as a whole? 
I work for an NGO in DC that implements projects for three NIH institutes. I attended a talk last fall that was given by Dr. Handley, Associate Director for International Research Affairs at NIAID. His impression is that the NIH lives in a very unique, apolitical space in the federal sector and that the administration does not play politics with the NIH's budget as much as it does with other agencies. Do you also have this impression? If so, do you feel that the current administration will test this theory or will HHS be too focused on the repeal/replacement of the ACA to worry about making changes to the NIH's budget?
Hiya from a graduate student! Thanks for taking the time to answer some questions!* What are some advantages of working at the NIH for policy as opposed to other organizations that also promote policy?  What is the pipeline like of the NIH's policy work - i.e. who receives/reads what you work on?* Do you ever feel that you are throwing punches into waves in that your effort is not proportional to the action demonstrated by those you advise?  I've often thought about starting the policy route after my masters, but I'm worried that I'd burn out due to pessimism and inefficiency of the process.  * How many opportunities would you expect a MS in microbiology have  to get involved in the policy-side of things? Is a PhD mandatory?
I'm a senior in high school and I'm looking for an internship at NIH over the summer. Do you have any tips on landing this internship?
What is your opinion on the use of the CRISPR/Cas9 system in potential gene therapy for heritable diseases? Further, how do you feel about trans-humanism and it's benefits and/or consequences for human society?
Are scientists like you very affected by the Trump admin?
Hi everyone! I'm excited to be here!I hope to answer all your questions!
Since you are a geneticist. Do you know as to how rare Protein S deficiency is ? And if Protein S deficiency rates are different in different races?I ask this because i have protein S deficiency.
I'm probably more interested in hearing how you and your colleagues (across all scientific fields, or just your expertise) feel about the new administration's actions so far and what it means for your future. Also, are you (personally or as a group) doing anything to make sure your research is backed up (as in copied/stored safely) in case the White House treats it like it has climate change science (removing it from WH website)?
How badly do you think the Trump administration will damage vaccination rates, funding, and policy?
If you now work in science policy are you still a biologist?
Do you work with Crispr?
Thank you so much for doing this AMA.My frkend is in her second semester endeavoring to get her PhD in Molecular Biology.Do you have any tips for her academically and/or career-wise?
What is the worst and/or most common misconception you encounter among your peers?
Hello Dr!  My major has recently changed from bioengineering to plain old Biology. How does undergrad education directly effect ones ability to join molecular sciences, and science policy?
Hi! Very excited to see this ama, and I'm looking at studying molecular bio as well. What would you say is the most challenging part of your work? And your favorite? Also, any advice you'd give someone looking into the field? Thank you!
How close are we to finding a cure for genetic problems. Can genes be altered to cure genetic diseases? Neurofibromatosis specifically?
Do you think faulty genes can be fixed on a life human in our lifetimes?
Hi, I'm about to start a bachelor of medical biotechnology and really have no idea what it can lead to. Do you know of any interesting jobs that come out of this degree?
How much do genes really play a role in muscle building?
[deleted]
Are we any way near a genetic solution for male baldness?
Hi! Thanks for doing this! I'm curious, what kind of math (if any) do you use on a day to day basis? Any programming? I'm a current undergraduate math major looking at my options and I think what you're doing is super cool and would love to know! Thanks again!
Hey Sir/Madam. I have a MSc in medical Cell bio but cant find a job in my home country and was thinking about travelling to find a good position. what skills should I learn and what countries should I invest my energy in researching. With the UK and US pretty much toxic right now, what are your plans as a scientist? Exiting the country to look for greener pastures in the EU / Far East?
I wish to pursue a career of genetics (either a geneticist or genetic counselor), do I'd like to ask about your college experience and how you found a facility to work at. I ask as a highschooler who is interested in the genetics field. What classes are needed/what should my major be if I pursue genetics?
What is the legislative climate in the UK regarding Crispr research and development? 
How much would Gene therapy (adenovirus) for lactose intolerance cost?
As sequencing becomes more routine more patient samples will be collected fir this purpose. Who owns these samples and has authority over them?
What advice would you give to someone interested in going into biological research? I'll be starting my university education soon and hope to pursue that line of work. 
How does one get into working in science policy? I graduated with a bs in neuroscience and a bs in biochemistry and molecular biology in May 2016 and I'd like to get into the field, but I'm not sure how short of going back to school. Thanks for doing this AMA!! 
What was it like to have such an intimate academic understanding of blindness without the first hand experience?Optional answer: do you feel there is any irony in that: 1. you studied blindness and are now creating policy 2. current administration has very little experience. (The irony in each case that the blind are leading the blind)
In the war on information by an administration that believes in alternative facts, how will the NIH ensure that we continue to fund reality-based research and that we continue to make real data available to the public in a format that they can freely access and understand.
How come CRISPER technology hasn't been used on humans yet? Also, what do you think about the human head transplant that's gonna happen this year ?
[deleted]
How are ethical standards debated and handled, like the [advancement of chimeras](https://www.wired.com/2017/01/first-human-pig-chimera-step-toward-custom-organs/), by the NIH? Are panels staffed by scientists, moral/religious leaders, lawyers? 
Hello, I'm a college freshman, and I've been considering going into science policy, law, ethics, etc. but I'm still unsure. My concentrations are currently molecular biology and philosophy. Are those good concentrations to stick with, or would others work better? What was your college experience like overall?Sorry that's a lot and some will probably be answered in other comments, you don't have to repeat yourself 
What do you think about the trend of grants requiring preliminary data, and the impacts of breakthrough research?
Hello! i have a question regarding genetics and offspring. Now that i am getting older and see more friends with children it's almost unbelievable how similar these children are to their parents not only in looks but personality and thought process as well. Is it safe to assume that my ancestors multiple branches above me in the family tree probably looked strikingly similar to how i am now? i would like to think that this type of blood-line is similar to A GAME OF THRONES where not only looks but unique character traits follow the blood line. 
I'm a recent college graduate with a degree in Cellular and Molecular Biology, and I've been having some trouble figuring out some non-research related career options. What are some fields that are unexpectedly connected to molecular bio? Is it possible to do exciting work with only a Bachelor's/Masters, or is a PhD pretty much required to do something in the field? 
Hello! Senior undergrad microbiology student here. What is the working environment like at NIH, compared to your past lab experience?Any advice for applying to intramural research positions at NIH? 
I am very curious about what your job entails. What's your daily work-life like? Who do you work with? Administration and researchers? Pharmaceutical companies? Is your job stressful? Do you have a good work-life balance?
Estimates of selection against _g_ indicate a decrease of ~.2 standard deviations per century for nearly 2 centuries now. Estimates including mutation accumulation make things look significantly worse.What, if anything, do you think _can_ be done to stem the dysgenic tide? Do you think widespread genetic engineering will become 1) socially accepted, and 2) economical enough to solve the issue?
Hi! What are your thoughts on the human pig hybrid testing that has been going on?
What do you think about using CRISPR technology on human embryos?
What can we do to support you and your work?
What is the future like for choosing individual genes for our future children? 
Hi,I am a graduate student finishing up my PhD. While most of my career has been focused on direct lab research, I have a long history of outreach and education. As time goes on, I've become more and more interested in science policy, but it seems like a huge risk to leave bench science for a policy internship. It's also a little hard to fully envision what kind of career a policy would entail--or what real qualifications would be important.There is also a major stigma against any goal that isn't seeking your own ro1 funded lab. I LOVE research, but I've been a little disenchanted at the idea of running lab as the funding and tenure environments are changing so rapidly.What advice can you offer to someone in my position? Thanks!
Hello! Thank you for doing this AMA.I am a graduate student in microbiology, and I'm considering going into science and/or health policy after I finish my PhD. My questions are: What helped you transition from bench science into science policy? Do you have any recommendations for someone considering making that transition? What do you like and dislike about your work now as compared to your earlier career?
How do I get started in research? Is it ok to just show up and ask for something entry-level?
I am planning to go to grad school in the near future. Do you foresee any problems with funding? Should I not do it????
When will this world experiences significant growth of using body patches with the help of stem cells as normal treatment? What are the preventing factors for it? 
What questions won't you answer?
In the last years science for citizens is becoming quite popular in Europe. Non-profit societies, often organized bottom up, offer general public a chance to do some super simple experiments, such as 3d printing, growth of E.coli capable of producing eGFP and so on. Usually they are supported at a local or state government levels and their main purpose is to make scientific methods and knowledge more accessible to non-academia people. Is there something similar in the USA? 
Would it be at all possible either now or in the future to alter the active genes in a living human? If so to what extent?
What are steps that regular americans can take to make sure that publicly funded research is available to all? Should mirrors of data sets be created? Mass FOIA requests?
In season 3 episode 5 of black mirror, there is are a percentage of the population who have immense genetic defects (higher rates of diseases like cancer etc) in comparison to the majority of society. As a result they are hunted by the military in order to prevent the spread of their genes. Is this plausible that genetic defects can accumulate abundantly in a population given genetic drift, gene flow etc?
Hello doctor. According to the NIH, the causes of many autoimmune diseases remain unknown. It would be nice to find more detailed information on possible causes, and what has been ruled out (preferably on nih.gov). Do you have a role in autoimmune disease research? If so, could you provide the current state of understanding our body's immune system at a molecular level? Thanks you.
Why is funding so terrible for the field?  Is there any hope of it improving? Should I find a different career? /geneticist and microbiologist 
What can you tell us about the ENCODE project, the successor to human genome project? Once we are able to identify functional genes will the NIH release data publicly on gene pools with high risk factors for some condition?
In the UK so no idea what time it is with you. Simple question. We use CRISPR or whatever to modify a cell for a patient but there are a trillion cells in their body. So how does the new genetic information get into all the cells or even all the ones in the sick organ or whatever? Thanks.
Can vision be enhanced (beyond being repaired)?
How close are we (well more like you scientists) to manipulate the genome of a human embryo?
What is it that we can't ask you? 
Hello and thank you for doing this! I want to ask, how do you think the public should go about thinking of Gmo's and their impact on our health and environment?
How much of our body can we therectically live without (organs, limbs etc.) ?
How are you going to deal with the trump administration's efforts to silence science research and data?
Is it odd that I find genetics and punnet squares and tracing alleles and traits fun? 
>Ask Me (Almost) Anything! What are we *not* allowed to ask you? Edit: formatting
Is there room for a bioinformatician to get into policy? 
Any opinion on monkeys wearing people clothes?
I'm a geneticist and molecular biologist not currently working. What can I do to help?
Why aren't any of the questions being answered?
Can we physically correct defective genes at the molecular level ?
As the untested son of a woman with Huntington's Disease, should I avoid getting tested due to the likelihood of protection of preexisting conditions disappearing?
How much do you know about the genetic engineering techniques used in agriculture? Isn't this settled science, in spite of the GMO scare tactics we see bandied about?
Is someone working on decoding the Tyrannosaurus DNA relatively recently discovered in soft tissue? If so how much longer do we have before they're done and how completely are we likely able to sequence the DNA. Would it be possible to use this DNA and compare it to living birds and identify descent? (I guess similar to the haplo group projects but with birds and T. rex DNA) Could a real life Jurassic Park potentially be created?
Vision involves converting photons into electrical information.  Are there any other biological processes that involve photons?
One of the first things President Trump did was start issuing [gag orders on federally funded scientists](http://www.theverge.com/2017/1/24/14372940/trump-gag-order-epa-environmental-protection-agency-health-agriculture).  Media coverage of the issue got really sensationalized very quickly.  Has this policy actually affected you or your department in any way?  Do you feel free to post and publish results of your findings for better or for worse? 
What do you mean by science policy? Seems broad. What particular aspects of policy do you work on?
What is the secret of NIMH?
Not sure if this really applies (I know very little about this whole topic), but why haven't humans developed solutions to common viruses such as the flu yet? It seems odd that we've had so much modern medical research in molecular biology and yet cannot solve one of our largest ailments.
Hi, thanks so much for doing this AMA! Looking at the current state of the genetic engineering field, can you give a time estimate as to when policy regarding commercialized genetic engineering will start being discussed? What advice would you give to a current college freshman interested in being involved in that discussion?
I feel science has had a big problem with policies for a while, independent of the political administration. I have a BS in chemistry, and worked as a tech and lab manager at The Scripps Research Institute for several years. The vivarium was not maintained according to IACUC rules, and there was no mechanism to bring issues to light. From an administrative standpoint, there were also problems. The institute is required to interview qualified candidates for each job opening, but in practice, job requisitions would be opened when the hiring manager already had someone in mind, and hopeful candidates would be brought in for a useless interview and never hear back either way.TSRI is one of the most prestigious research institutes in the country, and my experience there has driven me away from the bench and away from academic research in general. Is there any hope that existing safety and conduct policies will ever be upheld in earnest, or is this just the new state of academic research?
Hello, I'm currently a first year in Pharmacy School and I was interested, as a future pharmacist, how do roles of clinical research and Pharmacogenetics  apply to your job? Also is there anything a future PharmD can do at the NIH? Thank you. 
Hello Anonymous M.D.!I am a senior in high school taking an AP human geography course. While that may not seem to match with your career, an issue of genetics came up the other day in our chapter on Food in societies. GMO's were almost vilified in our textbook. The text claimed that GMO's threaten to reduce the effectiveness of antibiotics. Is there any validity to this claim? Is the malevolent appearance of GMO's more directed at the companies who have patented certain strains of seeds like Monsanto? Do you believe that companies should be allowed to patent or claim certain genetic variances of organisms?Thanks for this outreach! I wanted to ask a more out-there question considering the others that covered blindness and the 'lovely' Trump administration.
What do you think about SENS research? /r/sens
Could you provide your insight into the recently announced human-pig chimeras?
I'm a grad student in chemical biology but not sure if I want to continue research after my PhD. I've always been drawn to politics, so science policy has seem intriguing to me lately. Could I trouble you for a quick rundown on what you do at the NIH?
I'm currently doing a degree in Biochemistry, cellular and Molecular Biology and Genetics. How applicable is all the stuff we learn in lectures in the real world? I sometimes feel like they're stuffing us full of irrelevant knowledge that's never going to be practically used
What role do you think the DIYBio scene is going to play in the future of science? Do you think biology research is going to get cheap enough to completely bypass government and corporate grants? 
Are you at the Bethesda, MD site? And if so, were you working there in the summer of 2014 when there was an emergency email sent out that there was a bear sighting in campus? Was an intern that summer and couldn't help but laugh
Hi! Thank you so much for doing this AMA! I have several questions as a senior in high school, thinking about what major I want to do next year in college:1) I want to study bioengineering with a concentration in synthetic biology, what are the opportunities in the field? 2) What job could I look at 8-12 years down the road? 3) Is it possible for me to be an entrepreneur in this field? 4) Is the course work a lot of memorization? 5) Would you recommend it? 6) What should I know about the field that isn't commonly told to people just starting out or considering to go into it?
Sorry if this question is stupid but why is it that we can create an entire new human being (our babies) but cannot regrow a limb? 
Hi, in foreseeable future do you see any possibility for virus alteration of an alive human being? Not for medical but for cosmetics.... Like changing your hair color, skin and eyes... If it's available now would you be kind and give me some information about the procedure.
I'm currently a senior studying microbiology at a university in the US.  I am looking at a post-baccalaureate internship with the NIH as my first step into the real world so to say.  What would you consider to be some next big research opportunities that a kid fresh out of undergrad should get into?
Can we achieve immortality within 40 years or cell rejuvenation? There was recently news about something that actually rejuvenated cells.
Just went to a college lecture on genetic updates. So you have been studying blindnes.  (still in hs so help me out here and it's been a while but) you use a restriction enzyme called crisper and cas9. Those were used to grow back organs and others, as well as using seaweed lol to hide stem cells from cancer. But would you use those enzymes to grow back the cells in brain (occipital lobe ?) To cure the blindness. And or using NSC's to replace or fix the neuron or whatever is causing it. If so how far along are you? Close? Or next 10 ,20 years? So have you guys found a way using those enzems to actually cut it out of the DNA sequence in the first place preventing it? If you would prefer not to talk about all of that stuff. But just wondering what the process is. I understand completely. How long would you say there is at least? 
Do you think there will be a biotech revolution within the next 10-20 years? For example, could there be a third-party working class that works with biotech but not designing it themselves? Much like programmers today who work on computers but are not usually full-fledged engineers with many self-taught.
Thanks for this, interesting job! How did you get the job? What's your day to day like? Do you miss wet work?
What is the likely career path that a person in basic sciences (i.e. MS in Molecular and Cell Biology) have to take to join the Science policy field? What steps should some take? 
Did you have any input into the new Common Rule, and if so, what? Have you heard any rumblings from the new administration about whether they will let the rule stand as written?
re: potential DNA collection from an embalmed 38-40 week old female fetusThis is related to a 40 year old cold case in which the primary victim, Beth Doe, the mother, was murdered.  There has been a great deal of speculation as to whether the father of the fetus could be identified.  As samples of Beth Doe's DNA have been extracted it stands to reason that the biological father's contribution of X chromosomes could at least be isolated, correct?  But how effective would that be in potentially finding him or a family member, bearing in mind the possibility that there is even a worthwhile database through which to run such information ?Whether you have the time to answer or not, thank you for giving all of us this opportunity!
If you're a geneticist, then can you answer this question please: which fat gene is responsible for muh cindishuns and muh diebeetees. (Fan of r/fatpeoplestories here)
Hi everyone, thank you so much for the opportunity to answer your questions!I'm sorry I wasn't able to get to everyone, but it looks like my time is up.Many of you were wondering how you can help scientists. First of all, call your Congressional representatives and tell them you appreciate their support for basic research. The vast majority of politicians in both parties support basic research, and you should let them know you appreciate their support for the sciences.You can also help support science by supporting the arts and humanities. In addition to my scientific background, I also studied philosophy in college (got a minor in it). I'm a good scientist today because of the analytical skills I learned while framing logical arguments in philosophy.I was also fortunate to have extensive exposure to art and music in elementary school. The arts and humanities foster creativity in young minds, and that creativity is what allows for innovative thinking in other fields, like the sciences.If you want to support science, support policies encouraging a complete education.Thank you again for your interest! Have a wonderful night!
Can you hire me pls 
MCDB major here.  Do you think Trump will lift the employment hold within 6 months? Are you able to hire contractors to avoid this? I'm working in a field unrelated to what I studied, and sort of moved away from the idea when the freeze happened. I understand that there are non government jobs nearby..like at JHopkins
I'm currently a graduate student doing my dissertation research at the NIH and I'm very interested in getting into science policy once I graduate, any recommendations on how to best go about that? 
Can you talk about what you generally do at work/why you would recommend your field of study? 
I'm a graduating conservation biologist looking for a job so... you aren't so special! 
I currently don't understand Molecular biology, our lecturer doesn't make sense. I what's a good resource 
How does one become a geneticist? 
I'm in a genetics class and just took a micro biology course last semester. I loved the micro-bio course and am enjoying the genetics class. I'm going to school to be a biology teacher, but is there something better I could be doing if I enjoy both these classes and plan on getting a masters in biology or higher?
Radiation hormesis, yeh or neh?
My friend and I are both Ph.D's in biochemical/medical fields and we are unemployed. Nowhere in life is there any written guarantee that you will get a job no matter how hard you work or what you choose to do that work in. We haven't given up nor do I complain, however, I am afraid to know how many people are in our positions right now. Do you have any idea of how common our situation is?
Hey there I'm a biology student and I'm looking for a fruit that can in induce anti-angiogenic effects on a developing duck egg with no related literature yet. Do you know some? I don't know if you'll read this nor this is related to your career but I'll just post it anyway. Thanks 
Will the budget squeeze accelerate the move to cloud?
How do you think the genetics and molecular biology field will hold in this current political times?
What was your step to get this job? From College to now? I'm planning for the same path, but i have no idea where to start from college.
are sigfigs really that important?
Can you mentor me so I can gain more knowledge in the scientific field?
What is your biggest pet peeve in regards to  people misunderstanding biology?
How is the job outlook currently and what will it be in the future?
What is the best way to combine pizza and tacos?
What's NIH?
Who is phone?
Why can't pig and elephant DNA splice?
How many different ways have you found genes to malfunction in a way to cause blindness? If I'm framing my question wrong please correct me 
What is your view on political participation by scientists? Should we have more scientists in government positions, or are we generally unqualified and unhelpful in those roles? Should scientists protest unscientific policies, or is our job only to advise? Is it okay for scientists or scientific organizations to publicly hold political stances?
When are gene therapies going to be used to get rid of genetic diseases or just to stimulate more collagene production
My daughter is interested in genetics, how would she go about schooling. She's only 7.
AskScience AMA Series: I'm a geneticist and molecular biologist working in science policy at NIH. Ask Me Almost Anything!Hi there. Question: What is the purpose of such work? Since if of importance to our kind then ensuring its continuation, by ensuring the continuation of that species carrying it out, surely takes precedence. Wonder when our leaders will work that out...
I've heard stem cells can do some crazy things. If you have a bad knee inject them there and it'll feel good for a month or so. Inject it into your blood and you'll feel like you have energy coming out of everywhere in your body. Is it true and if so how does it work? 
So a virus is used to insert a new gene into a cell, what prevents mutation and unplanned negative effects on cell if spliced in gene doesn't perform as thought?
Whats your take on the Genetic modification of humanity.
when does CRISPR toolkits become available to the general public? how hard would it be to use one?
/u/chunkychal 
Human genome project was the largest international collaboration ever undertaken by scientist around the globe. This project is based on antiparallel DNA model as given by Watson-Crick.  What about Parallel DNA ? What is accuracy of Human Genome project, is it Natural or artificial ? Many molecular techniques show error (CRISPR, Microarray, siRNA, NGS) , why scientists do not apply knowledge of parallel DNA concept in improving these techniques. 1% of human genome sequence is not complete from last 15 years, What are challenges ?
Is the earth flat?
Is it possible using genetic engineering, preferably CRISPR/Cas9 method with a ampicillin plasmid, to add cannabinoids to a bacteria allowing the production of Mainly THC/CBD from an easy source similar to how human insulin is mass produced.
What is this
I'm a current patient at the nih with a autoimmune disorder. I've had full genetic testing but have had no luck with finding abnormalities (which I suppose is lucky). Do you think that any sort of stem cell treatment may be a good option? I've read a few articles that hemp is also being used to help with some auto immune diseases. Is it all BS or should I have a serious talk with the folks at the NIH 
I suspect the father of my child may have been a child of incest, and his mother also, what is the possibility my child could have markers that could cause her to have health, reproductive, physical, or mental anomlies?
What's the best combination of genes to activate in order to create the most out out of PCA
[removed]
Is UCL is a good place to study genetics?
Hell, doesn't NCBI maintain PubMed? We lose them and my entire citation library falls to shit. 
Were taking the situation one day at a time, but yes, people are concerned about what the administration might decide to do. Up until this point, there have been very few clues about what Trumps stances are on many issues with regard to basic and medical research. To the best of my knowledge, he has only mentioned NIH once, but that was to talk about how bad he heard things were here. He also doesnt have any formal stances on other issues, like stem cell research or using fetal tissue for research. Both of those tools are absolutely indispensible for understanding disease and developing treatments. Some stem cell therapies are already being used in clinical trials, and fetal tissue has multiple advantages over other cell types because they far more accurately represent what happens in people. He also hasnt picked a science adviser and rumors have been spreading he may decide to gut the White House Office of Science and Technology Policy (OSTP).His executive orders on federal hiring and the travel ban have had enormously negative impacts. Federal staff is critical to keeping NIH functioning, and the travel ban has sent a highly unfavorable signal to other nations. We rely heavily on international collaborations, and students with green cards who work in many labs had been detained or sent back to their home countries. There is also a growing list of international scientists who are looking to boycott conferences being held in the U.S. Conferences help scientists stay up-to-date on the latest advances, generate new ideas, and provide millions of dollars to local economies. Whether the travel ban receives a permanent stay or not, some of this damage wont be undone.Fortunately, Trump has allowed the current NIH director, Francis Collins, to stay in that position for the time being. Collins has been a fantastic NIH director, able to address the needs of the research community and explain the importance of our work to Congress and the American public.Well see what happens.
I was wanting to go into bioinformatics. What are the jobs available for that major?
I also just realized I never gave you credit for your bioinformatics pun. I laughed at that much harder than I should have :-)
I'm currently at my final year of comprehensive and am intrested in bioinformatics, I'm planning on taking Maths, Biology, Chemistry and one other for college and am targeted A*s for bio, chemistry and maths, do you think I could make it? Do you have any tips?
I love the BLAST joke.. I actually laughed, does that make me a nerd? 
The best thing you can do by far is to volunteer in a research laboratory while youre earning your degree. I started volunteering in a DNA repair laboratory while I was earning my degree in biochemistry my junior year. It doesnt even necessarily matter whether youre working in a genetics lab. One of the best graduate students in my year worked in an entomology lab while she was in undergrad. The important thing is to get research experience.The favorite part of my job is actually writing. My job in science policy involves a lot of writing, and I love it!In genetics, biochemistry, or any other field, youll be reading articles that use a lot of colors in the figures. Im colorblind, so trying to interpret those pictures can be next to impossible sometimes. Thats the least favorite part of my job.The biggest surprise I had about research when I got into it was how much overlap there is with different fields. Ive worked in a vision research laboratory that had cell biologists, biochemists, geneticists, neuroscientists, medical doctors, and engineers. If you go into science, you can take your knowledge and experience in places I couldnt even imagine when I first got into it.
I'm actually currently a genetics graduate student who majored in genetics for undergrad. I second the research lab. I actually recommend getting in sooner rather than later. I joined freshman year and stuck with the same lab and managed to get a publication as an undergraduate. Admittedly my entire first semester was spent feeding fish, but I voluntarily attended lab meetings and show enthusiasm and shortly after I was given tasks, once completed, I was given tasks that would require more responsibility. The topic of the lab isn't as important as the geneticist suggested. Genetics in itself is so applicable to so many different fields that, in time, you'd be able to put your own genetic twist to things. 
[removed]
Much of my job involves reading and writing policy documents and scientific articles. I often meet with scientists and other policymakers to figure out how to keep research running smoothly. Millions of dollars are invested in research, both at NIH and at universities. NIH science policy analysts make sure the money goes to the best researchers and best projects while being responsive to the needs of scientists and the priorities of the public.There are multiple science policy fellowships you can apply to, and I'm a AAAS Science and Technology Policy fellow. It's a fantastic fellowship because I'm actually embedded in science policy and can get on-the-job experience.
At this point, its difficult to tell what the new administration will prioritize over the next few years. Trump hasnt picked a science advisor yet, but hes allowed Francis Collins, who was NIH director under Obama, to keep his position for the moment.I think STEM research funding will remain at least somewhat stable for the next couple of years. Before Obamas term expired, Congress passed the 21st Century Cures Act, which set aside a certain amount of funding for mandatory budget spending. That means that at least part of the NIH budget wont be subject to the budget fights weve had over the last several years. More importantly, the act passed with broad bipartisan support. Unlike some other federal agencies, both Democrats and Republicans strongly support NIH.
Funding over the long term is still up in the air. I'm hopeful funding will remain steady at the very least because of the bipartisan support that helped pass the 21st Century Cures Act. Republicans and Democrats both favor funding NIH, and in the past, NIH funding has increased in both GOP and Democratic administrations.For the short term, grants will continue to pay out to labs. Congress hasn't yet passed a budget for this year (FY2017), so we're currently operating on a continuing resolution (CR). CRs keep the government and its agencies functioning by funding them at the same rate as they were during the last year there was a budget. For the next few months, researchers with grants will still get funding, but at the amounts they paid out last year.
Somebody correct me if I'm wrong, but wasn't NIH funding for this year under the 21st Century Cures Act passed soon before Trump came into office? I know this may not answer questions about the future, though..
To follow up on this, what exactly are we struggling with when using CRISPR? Currently a middle school student. I want to be a geneticist when I grow up because of the potential the field has. 
I think it will take some time for CRISPR to make it to the clinic. We're still trying to figure out how much it can do and how safe we can make it. I personally think it's an amazing new technology, but there are a lot of things we need to work out first before it's ready for primetime.
[removed]
Another grad student interested in sci pol here. To follow up this question, are there any particular skills you would suggest we work on now (or other specific ways to prep)?
Sure thing!Like most scientists that go into alternative careers, I took a unique route to where I am now. I started my graduate work wanting to become a professor in academia. As I went through my time as a grad student, I quickly realized I loved science but didn't want to be the principal investigator (PI) of a lab.When I got my Ph.D., I went to my postdoc thinking I wanted to do research in the private sector. Because I was one of the few native English speakers in my lab, I helped write most of the research papers we were publishing.The more writing I did, the more I realized I wanted to spend my time writing rather than doing experiments. I started volunteering with my university's public relations department writing press releases describing research advances to the general public on the side while I still did my lab work.I was still trying to figure out what I wanted to do when I talked to one of my friends from grad school who was then working in the State Department, and he recommended I take an online myIDP career assessment offered for free on the Science Careers website. I was a 94% match for science policy.AAAS offers a Science and Technology Policy Fellowship that embeds people with advanced science and medical degrees in the federal government. It sounded great, so I applied. I got a position, and I've been here for a few months. I love it!
I'm glad you asked!I have a B.S. in biochemistry with a minor in philosophy, and a Ph.D. in genetics and molecular biology.People with an M.S. may have trouble with career advancement at universities, but NIH does employ M.S.-level staff scientists.I would also recommend looking in the private sector for positions. I've heard of people having lucrative, highly rewarding careers in industry with an M.S. degree.
Just wanted to give you a quick thanks for working on vaccine development! As a peds nurse, I find vaccine development to be very inspiring, and I'm so incredibly grateful for the work that people like you do! 
Salaries vary depending on which career path you take and what stage of your career you're in.Right now, I earn roughly $80K. Expect to spend time earning less than that for quite some time, however. You're going to be poor while you get your Ph.D., so it's important to be sure you love what you do before you get into it!
I honestly believe NIH and NSF will continue to enjoy broad bipartisan support under the new administration. Democrats and Republicans almost universally agree basic research benefits the economy in the long term. Government funding in basic research lays the foundation for the creation of new disease therapies, many of which are brought to market in the private sector with input from basic scientists. When Congress funds basic science, everyone wins.I'm deeply concerned about research funded by other agencies, like the EPA. The EPA's mission has often been misconstrued as only being intwined in climate change. Climate change is an enormous problem, and the humanitarian and economic impact from it will likely be severe. Cutting funding in clean energy technologies would be a terrible mistake. That being said, EPA is also principally responsible for testing water and air quality. If EPA funding gets cut, then water crises like that in Flint, MI may become more commonplace.Some of the policies I'm most worried about are those that affect K-12 education and funding for the arts and humanities. I earned a B.S. in biochemistry, but I also got a minor in philosophy. While I was in elementary, middle, and high school, I was incredibly fortunate to have regular art and music classes.I firmly believe I'm a good scientist now because I received a firm foundation in arts and humanities. My philosophy work gave me the training and skills I use daily in structuring scientific arguments and logical thinking. Arts and humanities courses are critical for fostering creativity.I've heard the new Congress and administration may try to do away with funding for the National Endowment for the Arts. State and local school districts regularly shift funding away from arts and music programs.It's true we need funding in the sciences, but increasing science education spending at the expense of the arts may harm us in the long term. Creativity is needed for innovation, and it's innovation that helped U.S. science become the dominant force in the world it is today. We desperately need funding in arts and humanities program so we can retain our creative edge.
Great question! Some of my friends at NIH are actually working on this problem right now.One idea being tested right now is funding R01 grants on a 7-year cycle instead of the traditional 5-year cycle. We're hoping researchers will be able to spend less time writing grants if their grants last longer.Another idea is to limit the number of grants principal investigators (PIs) can hold at any given moment. A small number of PIs hold a large amount of funding, making it harder for other PIs to get grants. In order to get a grant, they end up spending most of their time writing grant proposals just to get a single one funded. If PIs could only hold a finite number of grants at once, that frees up funding for other PIs pursuing other ideas.
I realize federal employees have been accused of being lazy, but I've found that to be far from the truth, particularly in science policy. People in science policy often have Ph.D.s, which people aren't able to earn unless they have a strong work ethic. All of my interactions with other people in government have been positive so far.It's important to keep in mind that Ph.D. scientists working in government could earn a lot more in the private sector if they wanted to. We're working in government because we believe in our country, not because we're expecting to get rich. Most of us have worked for both Republican and Democratic administrations, and we have great working relationships with each other.
The travel ban has been problematic, to say the least.Good research requires collaboration with other researchers, and many of those researchers are international. I've heard of researchers who have green cards who were detained or denied entry because of the ban, and this uncertainty has caused international researchers to postpone or cancel trips to the U.S.These people are more than our collaborators; they are also our good friends. Science is universal, and we welcome people regardless of race, religion, or nationality. This ban hurts everyone.As for my job, I spend most of my time reading and writing policy documents and research articles. I help connect researchers with the resources they need to study disease and also to make sure their findings can be published and shared as widely and as transparently as possible. I'm also involved in helping with trainee career development.
The difference is mainly one of scale. Acid-base chemistry (generally) involves atoms or small molecules. A cell also depends on small-molecule chemistry (up to maybe a couple dozen atoms), and acid-base reactions are hugely important as well. But a cell also depends on many different macromolecules or biomolecules such as proteins, DNA, and polysaccarides. These are large molecules made by stringing together and bonding many smaller molecules in a specific sequence to make very large molecules (thousands of atoms) with complex sequences (dna) or shapes (proteins). Those large molecules may then associate together to make even larger components like the molecular motors you asked about. Usually, though, the large components will depend on the reaction of small molecules to do their work.
Thank you for your kind words! They mean a lot, especially now.
Have you applied to grad school? If not, get a tech position and then apply for grad school. 
Thank you for the support!Stand strong, and stand together!
I actually started studying blindness by pure chance.When I graduated college in the late spring, I needed a paycheck to pay rent while I was waiting to start graduate school in the autumn. I decided to ask scientists in my research program if they were willing to take me on for a few months until school started, and the only person who agreed ran a lab studying blindness.I fell in love with studying blindness immediately. I finished my Ph.D. in the same laboratory and then continued studying blindness after I finished my degree. I've studied blindness for a decade now and haven't regretted one moment of it!
Many genes have already been associated with disease and function by using statistical analysis alone based on data that's already publicly available.Unfortunately, we probably won't be able to identify the function of every single gene this way. Mutations in thousands of genes are fatal before someone is born, so we can't figure out function they serve. We know they're absolutely necessary for life, but statistical analysis wouldn't be able to tease out exactly what they do.
And as an informed customer (bio background), how accurate are their results for basic genealogy research?
I was a nerdy kid. My earliest memories were of me watching documentaries about astronomy and the NASA space program.I got into genetics because of Jurassic Park. I was in third grade when I saw it in theaters, and that's when I first started getting seriously interested in biology. A few months later, I saw my first episode of Star Trek: The Next Generation.The rest is history :-)
People are often born blind because of gene mutations. The retina and optic nerve, tissues responsible for detecting light and sending it to the brain, are enormously complicated. Disruptions in the genes that code for the production of components of these tissues can easily cause the entire visual system to fail.Outside of birth, physical injuries or diseases like type 2 diabetes (often the result of chronic obesity) can also cause blindness. For example, people exposed to roadside bombs often develop vision problems over a week afterwards even if they didn't get any injuries from shrapnel. We now know the pressure wave from the explosion can cause neurons in the eye to die. We're still trying to figure out exactly why that happens and what we could do to prevent it. In diabetic retinopathy, blood vessels begin to grow uncontrollably in the eye, robbing the patient of vision.These are just a few examples. All sorts of things can cause blindness.
very. lol. UT depends on what you mean by different. By design they are already at best capacity of their oxidation and reduction capabilities. 
I've thoroughly enjoyed working with scientists from other countries. Most of the time, any conflicts are the result of simple misunderstandings. Whenever conflicts did arise, they could usually be resolved by listening to one another and talking through the problem until you both find out what the misunderstanding is.If anything, science taught me how similar everyone is. Scientists want to help people, and that's universal.
You can use Yeast-2-hybridiczation. Genes encode proteins, so you usually study protein fxn over gene fxn. So you can use things like FRET pr FRAP, plus microarray and ChIP sequencing to find out a fxn of a gene you've manipulated/transfected into a cell.
I realized I wanted to leave the bench one night when I was talking to my wife. My wife is in vet medicine, and we talk about science and medicine a lot. I was working on a groundbreaking project, and she kept telling me how amazing it was...and how I didn't seem to get excited about it the same way as I got when I was writing about science.My postdoc mentor is a major figure in vision research, and I honestly didn't think he would approve of me spending any free time writing about science to the general public. When he did find out, I realized my fears had been completely misplaced. He was incredibly supportive and actually enrolled my help in writing press releases for his work and in writing manuscripts for many of the publications coming out of his lab. It ended up being a very productive, very rewarding working relationship.I'm now a AAAS Science and Technology Policy fellow (I got into it because a friend's recommendation), and I highly recommend the fellowship program! It's a fellowship that helps place scientists or medical professionals in policy to help the government make more informed decisions about what it's doing. Many of the analytical skills you're forced to develop when going for an advanced degree are valuable in government as well.
how does removing a link on a website delete data from the scientific community?
Could you go into more detail about what you mean by the first part? 
The less he knows, the better.  My advice is to continue onward while leaving a small administrative trail.You're lucky that Francis is still in position.  Trump barely knows what you do, keep it that way (that's really not a message to you but to your leaders...who should be reading this if they're on the job for real).
It's quite clear that the USA will lose many of its fine research facilities to Europe. The research undoubtedly will continue, just not in the USA, the Trump administration quite clearly is not interested in science or scientific research since they already have all the answers and are not open to questions/questioning.
Bioinformatics is becoming a critical part of most fields of biology.  What better to track, understand, and manipulate life with than life's  source code?  So if your dig is microbiology, epidemiology, biochemistry, zoology, or whatever other biology, there's probably a job for you somewhere.  Most jobs are academic in nature, either at universities, government agencies, or research hospitals, but some are private sector as well, such as pharmaceuticals.  You'll be largely tied to a computer, writing programs, perfecting alignments, and creating pipelines, and most physical work is done by other lab technicians.A lot of my classmates are interested in personalized or precision medicine. That seems to be the vast majority of jobs.  Personally, I'm more interested in wildlife management and zoology applications like population genetics and phylogeny.  A lot of biology labs are looking for people with at least minor computer skills, so I feel like it'll give me an edge.  Worst case scenario is that I don't find that dream job and instead end up improving and saving human lives, so my plan B isn't that bad either!
There aren't many high-demand positions in biology, but bioinformatics is one of them.  Learning how to identify complex patterns from enormous datasets will land you a job just about anywhere. We are in the golden age of information, after all.
You laughed the appropriate amount. Well executed pun that requires (some) knowledge of the field to get. 
It sounds like you could be great in bioinformatics!I would highly recommend teaching yourself how to program. Python seems to be one of the primary languages of choice for bioinformatics.
My husband is red/green colorblind and we got him a pair of Enchroma glasses a couple years ago for Christmas. They make a world of difference. If that's your biggest complaint, you NEED to check out these glasses. For real.No product affiliation or plug, just a happy consumer.Edit: added linkhttp://www.enchroma.com
I'm red green colorblind, and have been heavily considering genetics as a major. This wouldn't hold me back too much right?
Can I ask how you got involved with the lab? I feel dumb asking this as an undergrad, but I genuinely don't know where to find/create opportunities like this. I'd love to feed fish :p
[removed]
Do you recommend doing a AAAS fellowship now? I was thinking of applying, but I'm not sure how the political climate might affect my job prospects.Side question- how did you decide which kind of policy you want to do? From what I understand there are different STPF tracks, and I'm not quite sure which would be the best for me. Obviously I want to figure that out before applying. My PhD is in the neuroscience of feeding behavior (obesity), and currently doing an educational psychology postdoc where we study STEM education. 
Thank you for your response. I'm in the process of earning a PhD in biomedical engineering, and currently filling out the now obligatory Individual Development Plan so future paths are much on my mind. Are NIH science policy analysts involved in deciding what study sections will exist for each grant cycle?
I remember hearing that the executive branch fellows are actually federal employees - if that's correct, do you know whether future fellows will be affected by the hiring freeze? (I was hoping to apply in November if I could finish the PhD in time...)
Hi, undergrad in Biochemistry and Cell Biology here. I'm working with CRISPR/Cas9 so I know a bit about it, at least enough to answer your inquiry.[Here](http://www.nature.com/gim/journal/vaop/ncurrent/full/gim2016195a.html) is a pretty good paper speaking about the potential dangers of gene editing, but one thing I think is a bigger concern is that CRISPR has off-target effects; meaning that the cuts into the genome that it makes can also appear in other regions that are similar enough in sequence to the intended target. Just to give some hope though, [here's](https://hms.harvard.edu/news/high-fidelity-crispr) a recent breakthrough that GREATLY reduces this off-target effect!To paraphrase from the first article I sent you, there are some checkpoints that doctors want to hit first before they allow for mass clinical application of genome editing technology.- They have to make sure that the edit that's made won't return to its old diseased ways.- That no other unintended edits were made in your genome (via things like the off-target effect)- That in the process of editing your genome, no other accidental mistakes occurred due to other procedures involved in genome editing.- That the edit treatment does not leave epigenetic marks. In case you're unfamiliar with epigenetics, it's these changes that happen over the course of your lifetime that can affect the expression of certain traits you have, and even persist into your descendants too! So in the case of this concern, they worry that there might be unintended epigenetic changes that might affect you AND your children!And these are just the concerns that they have in terms of using genome editing techniques (with CRISPR) in adults. The article even talks about potential concerns with using it on an embryo to prevent diseases too!
The CRISPR-Cas9 system needs a lot of DNA to encode it, and we're still trying to develop methods and tools to deliver it into cells efficiently. We're also still trying to make sure it only works the way we want it to; CRISPR ideally cuts DNA in only one place in the genome, but I've seen reports it still cuts the genome in multiple places.I think CRISPR technology has fantastic potential, but it will still take us time to work through all the technical hurdles.
Awesome, thank you!
A few of my friends working in Pharma tell me that many companies have already developed proprietary genome-editing technology superior to CRISPR. I don't think much effort will be put towards developing clinical uses for CRISPR because it won't make these companies money.  
I would beef up your writing skills. I would recommend volunteering with whichever office at your university writes press releases describing research advances to the public. In my experience, their reporters were ecstatic to have someone on board that could explain the science!
Thanks for the reply. I am currently in industry at a small biotech and the potential is large, while the current pay is mdoeratley good. One of our higher ups has connections at NIH, and my ultimate goal is to work for NASA, with NIH looking to be a good stepping stone.
Does the NIH employ B.S. in engineering other than the IRTA?
Aw that's so nice thank you. I appreciate what you do as well! Poor sick kiddies :(
Ah I see thanks for the answer.I'm going into life sciences but I have no idea what career I want to do
So are there chemical reactions where on the results is a simple molecular machine of some kind? Or are even the simplest of them dependant on many smaller reactions? I don't know of many things you could call molecular machine aside from those in a cell, and those are already pretty complex. I guess I'm asking, how does a simple molecular machine get assembled?
I think you are overlooking the power of mouse (and other mammalian models) for answering these types of questions.
Isn't it also beneficial to have more data (genomes) and therefore more statistical power?Didn't the FDA block 23andme (or a similar company) from releasing medical data from statistical analysis of the genome due to the customer knowing this could count as a 'pre-existing' condition and the customer could lose their insurance? Did they roll this back after Obamacare?In any case, I think even without the entire picture, we're definately moving towards GATTACA where every baby will have their entire genome analyzed as a standard thing (Illumina just released a machine (~$1m) that can do whole human genomes for $100).
thank you! 
Interesting. Thanks for replying!
How about people from CS background? Is it a good career track?And is PhD  the way to go for bioinformaticians?Thanks.
If I was looking to transition from biochemistry to bioinformatics, are there any ways you could suggest to start that transition? Is the best way pretty much to apply to grad programs in bioinformatics?I'm just finishing up my undergrad and I've taken a few CS classes here and there, and have also done some programming in my spare time. But most of it is in C++/Java which, to my understanding, is not utilized heavily in bioinformatics at all. When I look at a lot job postings, it seems like a CS background is much more heavily valued than knowing bio....
haha thats also perfect, I already understand python and have taken computer science for my GCSE, is it worth taking it for A- Level (college) too?
Honestly, you basically have to stalk whatever professor you're interested in working with. You send them emails, if that doesn't work you show up to their office, if that doesn't work, you camp outside of their office. Eventually you'll catch them (make sure to always be courteous and respectful of their time) and you can ask for a position. Talk them up first, ask them about their research. Ask them a question about it (even if it seems dumb), it'll show you're paying attention and interested. Then ask them if you can volunteer and/or apply for a payed position. If they don't have anything available, ask them to name other professors who might be interested. Having a resume isn't needed, but it's nice if they're busy and ask you to come back later or if you ask them to keep you in mind for another professor. I know it sounds odd and unprofessional, but this is just kind of how the system works. 
Ethics aside, why can't you mandate everyone do IVF for 1 human generation to encode the Cas9 protein into their genomes under a inducible promoter (probably would take a feat of bioinformatics to do this properly), so you don't have to send in the Cas9 plasmid or protein, and just send in sgRNAs (only ~100nt RNA) via traditional gene therapy path ways?
I hold an MS in Environmental Science, and completed my thesis analyzing epigenetic variation in natural populations of my study species. I'm looking to pursue my research career in genetics, but in biomedical research. However I've not had much luck with my job applications. Do you have any ideas about making this kind of career transition? 
I can't think of any molecular machine that anyone would call simple. All the ones I can think of are proteins (a long string of amino acids) or groups of proteins. However, these machines are powered by chemical reactions involving (relatively) small compounds. The reactions provide energy that leads to the large proteins moving or changing shape, leading to movement on the cellular scaleor larger: our muscles are made of proteins that convert chemical energy to force and movement.
I've known several people in bioinformatics who only have a computer science background. With all the DNA sequencing data being generated right now, we're needing people who can sift through hundreds of terabytes of data.I have a background in biology, but I did teach myself some Perl when I started grad school. At the time, Perl was great for working with DNA sequences because Perl was designed to work with strings of data. Now, Python is the language of choice for many people in bioinformatics.There is no reason whatsoever someone with a computer science background couldn't go into bioinformatics. Those skills are in high demand right now, and I don't see that demand going away anytime soon. I would recommend getting a Ph.D. just because you'll have better salary potential in the long term.
I work for a bioinformatics dept and so many of our PhD students, programmers, professors, and post docs come from CS backgrounds. In academia the money isn't much unless you are an associate prof or prof. Outside of academia there's so much data work you can do. 
Agreed. I'm a Sophmore working in an entomology lab on my campus. I took a gen entomology course last semester (asked permission to get into the course without all the pre-req's), and ended up responding to a professor when he sent out an email mentioning his lab. A month later, and I was hired on. Been there about 5 months now, make $12 an hour at 20 hours a week, and I'm getting ready to submit my first abstract proposal for an upcoming symposium with the help of the director of my lab. This experience is so so so important. Under no other circumstances would I be learning all of the important things I'm learning now as an undergrad, if I wasn't working in this lab. Learning to work with other research students, getting deeper knowledge of a specific sci field, learning to write an abstract, and getting to have that experience on a resume (along with a hopefully great letter of rec from well respected members of the scientific community), are honestly some of the most important things I've learned in Uni PERIOD. It's my biggest piece of advice to people. I'm hoping to graduate my undergrad with almost 3 years of experience under my belt in a research lab, and I know a lot of seniors that have none. Frankly, that scares me a lot for them. I feel unprepared now! I can't imagine how much I'd be shitting my pants graduating with NO real world experience in my field of choice. 
I agree with the above. You should also read over the professor's research web page if they have one just to familiarize yourself with their research but generally, you can just start up a conversation and lead into their research openings. I actually went to talk to a teacher about classwork and walked out with an undergrad position. Undergrad research experience really is paramount.
It's hard honestly. I mostly just got lucky with my medical genetics research position. That was after my bachelor's, and I was just applying for every job possible. I did the same after my master's (applies everywhere) and ended up working with vaccines which in loving (and the pay is way better because it's industry, previous job was hospital).My best advice is don't be too picky. Even if you think you're not qualified, apply. Let the other job decided if you are qualified enough or not. You'll end up doing something interesting. And if not, the time spent at that job will just make your resume better for the next step. Oh, and location matters too. I'm in Michigan which honesty sucks for biology besides Ann arbor. If you're in certain places you'll have much better luck. My first job I had to move out of state (to Massachusetts).
Been working for an NIH bioinformatics support lab for 5 years now. I can tell you that our entire team is just cs majors with b.s. Only our PI had a Ph.D in bioinformatics.
A black hole built from antimatter or one built from matter with the same mass are identical.The quantity that distinguishes matter from antimatter is the baryon number. It is the total number of baryons (like protons and neutrons) minus the number of antibaryons. Baryon number is conserved in the standard model and that is what you would recognize as conservation of matter in some sense, and the reason for which the proton is stable in the SM: it is the lightest baryon and so it cannot decay to anything else because it needs to preserve its baryon number of +1. So the proton can only release its mass in energy for lighter particles if it meets an antibaryon carrying -1 baryon number, so they total to 0 and they can produce lighter non-baryon particles such as photons or mesons. That's why matter & antimatter annihilate.(A similar argument works with leptons, with a thing called lepton number).These, baryon and lepton #, however, are not conservation laws with any specific deep or fundamental justification behind, they are just accidental symmetries of the standard model. (Unlike, for example, charge). As soon as you step out of the SM, these are violated. Black holes are well outside the SM and do not care in the slightest about baryon number. Black holes don't have a well-defined baryon number and throwing a proton or an anti-proton\* into a black hole produces the same final black hole, whose only macroscopic distinguishing properties are mass, charge and angular momentum. After a lot of time the black hole has evaporated into Hawking radiation which is made of standard model particles, and the final baryon number of the radiation does not have any discernible relation with the baryon number of all the stuff that fell in. \* woops forgot: except for charge, charge is conserved even by BHs. So maybe you can throw a hydrogen atom (baryon # 1, charge 0) or an anti-hydrogen atom (baryon # -1, charge 0). Or neutron/antineutron.  
Even if the matter and antimatter inside of the now-merged black holes annihilate, the total energy of both is still contained inside of the black hole and cannot go anywhere anyways. Given that there is an equivalence between mass and energy, which does apply to particles with a mass of zero according to the full mass-energy equation (E^2 = (mc^(2))^2 + (pc)^(2), from which the famous E = mc^2 is derived), and that the only path available once inside the event horizon is towards the center of it, the mass of the resulting black hole would simply be the sum of the masses of the two colliding black holes.
Technically speaking, we have not yet demonstrated that Antimatter and matter behave identically in terms of gravity. CERN was able to run a few tests, but the error bars were on the order +/-100%. If antimatter moves away from normal matter and toward antimatter due to gravity, then an antimatter black hole would have an event horizon for which no normal matter could get any closer, making it impossible for such a collision to ever occur.
This isn't as much of an answer but more me trying to offer a bit of insight if I am wrong please feel free to correct me!Black holes have no hair, which essentially means that once an object turns into a black hole there is no way to tell what the object was before it collapsed into a black hole. So even if a cube-shaped star or a hole that was formed with anti-matter collapsed into a black hole it would be the same as any other one except for variables like mass, rotation etc. Because of this, I believe an antimatter black hole and a matter black hole would be the same. And based off this the two holes should coalesce to form a bigger holeThis could be far from the truth so take this with a grain of salt. My reasoning is from reading Black holes and time warps by Kip Thorne and I've only taken basic high school level physics so I could very well be wrong. If someone with a more detailed and in-depth explanation could correct me it would be very appreciated :)Edit: Spelling
A black hole can be considered to be two separate things, one a phenomenon of matter, one a phenomenon of space-time.A black hole is formed from a very high-density collection of mass. Typically this is something like a collapsing neutron star or stellar core. The composition of the matter inside the black hole after the formation of the event horizon is a very complicated question, and something that theorists still haven't decided on completely.However, the nature of the black hole to the rest of the Universe is very much different. From the outside the black hole is no longer a phenomenon of matter, it's primarily a phenomenon of space-time. What's inside the black hole is almost entirely irrelevant to the rest of the Universe. This is because there is no way for the matter trapped inside a black hole to influence the rest of the Universe, except gravitationally (and electrostatically if you want to get technical).Many people have a fundamentally classical idea of how a black hole works. Generally something along the lines of an object with an escape velocity higher than light, so that even light can't escape from the black hole. This ignores the fundamental nature of black holes, however, which is closely tied into relativity and the behavior of space-time. Within a black hole's event horizon there is simply no way out. The event horizon is a one way door, once you pass it there are no space-time trajectories that go forward in time which leave the black hole (in fact, that do anything other than eventually travel to the singularity). This is important to understand because it recasts a black hole from a weird phenomenon related to light somehow to a phenomenon that directly affects the nature of, well, the fabric of reality. A black hole is like a little pocket Universe with no way out.Once you shift to that conception some of the details of black holes might make sense. For example, whether a black hole is made of matter or anti-matter (or, indeed, entirely of photons) is irrelevant externally. Nothing that happens inside the black hole can escape the event horizon. If, hypothetically, you had one black hole that was formed from a collapsing star and another black hole that was formed from a collapsing anti-star merging them would still necessarily result in just a bigger black hole (mass-energy is just mass-energy). What happens inside the black holes isn't something that can affect the event horizons themselves.
Sometimes it takes too many people to point out that once matter or antimatter goes into a blackhole, it's no longer matter or antimatter. It's becoming the blackhole. A blackhole is not a lump of matter or antimatter; it's a singularity of space-time, but it has the mass of matter/anitmatter that falls into it.
Due to extreme time dilation, wouldn't it take the remainder of the universe's existence for one black hole to actually penetrate the Schwarzschild sphere of another? Instead, the most we could observe would be the interaction between two accretion discs.
Is this theory potentially accurate?Could black holes be the result of super novas, and they absorb matter until sufficient quantities of each necessary element in order to birth a new planet which would go on to live it's live a planets do according to their position in relation to their sun and to then eventually become a star which would then explode into a super nova and the cycle begins again.Or have I smoked too much weed
Looking at the other answers i have a follow-up question/summary:  if the masses are not within a singularity they annihilate and release the equivalent energy immediately but once mass is inside an event horizon it only merges and the energy trickles away as hawking radiation?
[removed]
Thanks! I clearly had an oversimplified understanding.
Non-conservation of baryon number is possible in the standard model, through mechanisms such as the sphaleron process. Non-conservation of baryon number is one of the three Sakharov conditions necessary for baryogenesis- the reason why there is more matter than antimatter in the Universe.
So I think you're saying: They may or may not annihilate, but the end result would be the same? (The end result being just a bigger black hole?)
i thought we don't know anything about the black hole beyond the event horizon?
I'm less surprised about black holes not caring about matter or antimatter, and more interested in charge being conserved. How the heck can that happen?If you have two black holes that are small enough to hawking-radiate away, with different charges, how does their end state where they disappear differ? They only give off photons, right? 
If you say that throwing a proton or anti proton into a BH are the same, then how does Hawking radiation / the dissolution of black holes via virtual particles work?  Supposedly BHs shrink over time when anti virtual particles fall in and reduce the BH's mass via annihilation
Followup question (not OP) - please correct any stupid thing I'll say in the next lines, I'm not a professional:I had always assumed that the evaporation of black holes due to Hawking radiation was well understood (quotes are a must here) up until the BH is much more massive than a Plank mass (aka horizon much larger than a Planck length).At that point we'd have difficulties in saying you can use QFT near the horizon (that IIRC is necessary to get Hawking radiation), because we are in the domain of quantum gravity.So, do we have a theory that fixes this? If not, could a BH die with a particle shower that knows the original barion/lepton number?
Can you please explain Hawking Radiation? They talk about pairs of virtual particles spawning on both sides of the horizon and one escaping and the other falling in. What exactly falls in, and how does that cause mass loss? And if they are spawning randomly shouldn't there be an even number of 'positive' and 'negative' particles on both sides of the line, so the effect is cancelled out?
Respect.  Clear and concise.
What is the deeper justification for (electric, or I guess color etc) charge than the fact that it's just apparently a conserved quantity as a part of the EM (and thus electro-weak etc) force?
Does the standard model require protons to be stable?
Why do we care about what's conserved in the SM when the SM has been shown to be not the full story?
Does Hawking radiation consist of antiparticles too?
How does it work for Hawking Radiation then? How does their mass get smaller, isnt it through antiparticles?
> Black holes are well outside the SM Why?
So if the baryon number of the radiation doesn't equal the sum baryon number of the stuff that fell in, that means that some totaling to 0 presumably took place, right? If that process involves putting out non-baryon particles like you said, does that mean that those non-baryon particles are what make up the radiation?
> After a lot of time the black hole has evaporated into Hawking radiation which is made of standard model particlesHas Hawking radiation ever been experimentally verified?  I remember reading about it but I've never been sure if it was just a hypothesis or it was definitely real.  
This really seems to imply a knowledge that we do not have. To say that once outside the standard model Barton number IS not conserved is not quite correct. Outside the standard model the baryon number may not be conserved. We don't know. It is possible that a matter black hole would annihilate with an antimatter black hole. Not probable but possible. We do not expect anitimatter black holes to exist, so we're not likely so see such an event.    
Wait...  What would happen when a highly-charged micro black hole finally evaporated?
So the answer to why there's more matter might be that some of the antimatter got eaten by black holes?
Antineutron? Are there antineutrons?
So can someone tell me does those two blackholes cancel each other out or not?
If the macroscopic properties are the same, are supermassive black holes candidates for the 'lost' antimatter that should exist in an equal amount to matter? 
If the macroscopic properties are the same, are supermassive black holes candidates for the 'lost' antimatter that should exist in an equal amount to matter? 
You didn't really answer the question.  The answer is that it doesn't matter that the stuff inside the BH gets annihilated because the resulting energy would still be inside the BJ's event horizon and would still be enough to cause the BH to... be aBH.
This might be silly, but could you generate enough positive charge in a BH (say by injecting protons) to overcome the force of gravity for an electron at  (or just outside) the event horizon?
Isn't Hawking radiation basically introduction of antimatter into a black hole? I feel like that contradicts this explanation
I thought that matter and antimatter were distinguished by charge and chirality of spin? 
So matter in a black hole doesn't interact with other matter in the typical sense. If a proton and anti proton in a black hole meet they don't anhilate?
Um TLDR please?
Asphincter says what?
My good sir.. if i had a hat i would take it off for you.This is a great explenation
if particle A falls into black hole X, and particle B falls into black hole Y, and then X and Y join, A and B cannot meet before they hit the singularity.
Is that maybe where all the antimatter that was created during the big bang is hiding?
I guess this is where I was going with the question.  If the original matter and antimatter were present and combined in a collision, would the result be photons, and would the black hole hold together the same way.
So a white hole for normal matter?
Matter and antimatter have equal mass, so they would have identical gravitational effects on each other.Antimatter does **not** have negative mass.Antimatter particles and matter particles have opposite charge, lepton number and baryon number to each other.
Well... considering we dont really know what happens to the matter inside the black hole, as you say yourself i think the more fair statement would be we dont know.And i dont think we can claim that whatever happens inside cannot affect event horizons either.Tangentially, i find it interesting that they still exhibit gravity. Sure, sure, energy is mass but still, that is something that is getting out even if gravity may be just a curvature of space time. And from that we can atleast assume that property of mass remains inside. It is not destroyed.
> A black hole is like a little pocket Universe with no way out.This is wrong.  Virtual particles pop in and out of existence at the event horizon all the time.  The whole notion of Hawking Radiation (the process by which black holes decay) is that virtual particles which would otherwise annihilate pop in and out on the event horizon with a very slight preference for the anti-matter side to go into the black hole (made of normal matter - the opposite if the black hole were made of anti-matter) while radiating matter with a similar process for light.  The net effect of which is the black hole decaying over time - meaning a matter + anti-matter black hole colliding would in fact annihilate.
I thought the slowdown would only be for the objects accelerating inwards.  I thought that as outsiders at a distance, it would happen at regular speed, no?
Well, the expectation is that within some finite amount of time they'd actually merge and behave (more or less) like a single black hole. The first detection of gravitational waves was believed to be the result of one such event. What exactly happens to the singularities is a bit unclear, but there are no actual rules preventing the singularity from getting closer than the Schwarzschild radius, since the singularity is not a physical object. I don't think it ever crosses the event horizon though, since the two horizons will likely change shape and merge together long before the singularities can cross either of them. And there are in fact good reasons to believe a singularity can *never* cross an event horizon.
I should probably stop asking questions since not everything in the universe is known with absolute certainty.
How do we know so much about black holes if we haven't ever  been around one? How do you get this information? I'm so fascinated. 
Simpler than *that*? Nahhh 
On a related note, think what would happen if the corresponding particles would annihilate: you would get gamma radiation instead of the particle/anti-particle pair. But wait, gamma radiation is light, and light is also trapped inside a black hole. So it would still be just a black hole.
How I feel in almost every /r/askreddit thread I've ever found myself reading!
[removed]
Sure, I just didn't want to muck the explanation with the added complication of anomalies.
I'd love to know more about this. What are the Sakharov conditions and baryogenesis and how does the universe end up with more matter than antimatter?
Can you do a sort of ELI5 of why there's more matter than antimatter?
Why are you saying 'non-conservation' instead of 'violation'? Is there a difference between the two?
Is it possible that baryogenesis is due to more antimatter falling into black holes?
ok, let's try to make this as clear as possible. A proton is like a socket. An antiproton is like a plug. Annihilation is when the plug is plugged into the socket. A black hole is like a fire. You throw a plug in one fire, and a socket into another. They're not a plug and a socket anymore, they've burnt. If you join the fires, you're not plugging a plug into a socket, you've just made a bigger fire.
You don't actually need to know anything about what's behind the horizon to understand this. In fact, you (the far away observer) can (should actually) assume the interior does not exist at all and all the physics of black holes can be understood referring only to the outside.
that has nothing to do with antiparticles at all. Check my other answer here about Hawking radiation.
I understand perfectly what you're asking. The answer is no, here is a somewhat convincing-ish argument:If a collection of mostly free particles has baryon number N, the total mass must be at least N  proton mass, right? Throw a large N of protons into a black hole, such that the total mass Nproton mass is very large, much larger than M_P. Now since Nproton mass is big, the BH evaporates to *below* this mass while it can still be treated with semiclassical gravity (QFT on curved spacetime). We know using the standard theory that until now the temperature has been low enough than with extremely high probability no baryons have been emitted as Hawking radiation.Then, there is the rest of the evaporation, which passes through the unknown quantum gravity region, and the final state should be a bunch of particles.Your question is I think whether quantum gravity could secretly be conserving baryon number. But if was so, then at the intermediate point described above the BH would have baryon number N, but mass less than Nproton mass. This means the final set of particles would also have baryon number N but total mass less than N  proton mass, which is a contradiction.
Hawking radiation has many presentations; the one with particle pairs (they're not virtual, it's sort of misleading to call them so) is one of my least favourite because it's kind of opaque.Still, if you have a particle exactly on the horizon, its total energy, mc^2 + gravitational potential, is zero. (Recall gravitational potential energy is negative and gets more negative the closer you get to the mass). Hawking radiation happens when a pair of particle is created one outside and one inside the horizon. The one outside has a bit *more* potential energy, so the overall energy is slightly positive, while the one inside has a bit *less* potential energy, so the total energy is slightly negative. I hope this reasoning makes it clear the particle inside *always* has the negative energy and the one outside the positive energy.The overall total energy is still 0 and so this can happen spontaneously starting from no particles. Now negative-energy particle falls in, positive particle falls out and you have an overall energy (and so mass) decrease for the black hole.
Electric charge is superconserved, that is, it is a gauge charge and black holes cannot destroy it. The information about how much charge is in a given volume is encoded in the flux of the electric field through the boundary of the volume (Gauss' law), and no amount of new physics inside the volume can change this. I think [this older answer of mine](https://www.reddit.com/r/askscience/comments/45vidz/comment/d00l0do) should clarify this a bit.
Yes.Almost, really. There is a very, very, very, very small probability of decay / baryon number non-conservation from a certain non-perturbative effect in the standard model. But I chose to ignore this, as it's beside the point. Moreover, the proton decay probability due to grand unification theories is much much larger than this standard model effect.
Because the SM works very well for lots of things.
No, it isn't. Check out my other reply about Hawking radiation in this thread.
They're non-perturbative gravitational objects, something way outside the scope of the SM. When an object falls into a black hole, according to any possible perspective, at some point it must reach a region of arbitrarily growing energy until it has left the regime of applicability of the standard model (the so called cutoff).
>Has Hawking radiation ever been experimentally verified?It has not.
Yes, that is true, hence the even if at the beginning, but it is still a good point to raise nevertheless.
That still wouldn't explain why antimatter tended to form black holes more than regular matter. Either way, it's still an apparent matter/anti-matter asymmetry in the early universe.
The black hole holds together the same no matter what it was formed from or fed, as from the singularity up to the event horizon, the escape velocity is greater than the speed of light, and there's simply nowhere else for anything to go but the center. If you're interested, there's what's known as a [Kugelblitz](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kugelblitz_%28astrophysics%29), or a theoretical black hole formed from enough light focused into the exact same point such that it's energy-dense enough to collapse into one. There are complicating factors, however, one of which being that the temperature of the point at which the light would occupy would be so hot that our current understanding of physics breaks down.The Wikipedia link I provided is rather short, but there are a bunch of YouTube videos available on the subject that go into much more detail.Edit: Redundancy reduction
The black hole is black because even light (photons) cannot escape it.  Essentially the speed of light is below the escape velocity of the black hole, so photons are also pulled into the singularity. 
If I'm understanding correctly, the hypothetical reverse-gravity antimatter black hole is still a black hole - it's not emitting anything except perhaps for Hawking radiation, so it's going to look more or less the same as a regular black hole other than maybe looking bigger than normal if it repels photons the same way it repels regular matter.Such a black hole would, incidentally, be impossible to orbit (since orbits depend fundamentally on the orbiting object being drawn *toward* whatever it's orbiting) and in fact its mere presence would have all sorts of interesting effects on star systems and other celestial bodies near it (for the brief time that said bodies actually *were* near it, before being violently flung apart).
That is the leading theory, but it hasn't been confirmed experimentally yet because of how weak gravity is and because of the problems of gathering large amounts of anti-matter.
As I've heard it explained, someone entering the event horizon will observe the rest of the history of the universe elapse as he/she falls in (because time runs slower in a gravity well, and infinitely slower at the Schwarzschild radius), while an outside observer will watch things falling in slower and slower but never quite entering the event horizon. This superheated traffic jam of falling matter is the accretion disc, which generates tremendous X-ray energy.I got this from a science book a long time ago, though. I welcome correction from an actual physicist.
Math. Black holes can be modeled and described using the mathematics of general relativity (or quantum mechanics, but, so far, not both at the same time!)
Extrapolation. We have a theory of gravity and there's a range of masses/distances that we can confirm it works by direct observation for a range of masses/distances. But since the theory says how mass causes gravity for all masses, we can predict what it says for masses/distances we haven't directly observed. Same for the theory of electromagnetism and so forth. By extrapolation, we have been able to figure how things should work even for environments that haven't been directly observed.
I have a clearly oversimplified lack of understanding so you're doin better than me
No one on these forms would fault you for asking them to clarify, most brilliant minds are happy to educate any interested party.
Can I say I appreciate when someone knows enough about a subject in order to know what to leave out in order to improve an explanation to a new starter rather than doing so from ignorance.
It could just be because that's how the Universe started out, its initial conditions were such that there was more matter than antimatter. This is a rather unappealing explanation, however, and also not very likely. Baryogenesis is the process in the early Universe that caused more matter to be produced than antimatter. In most situations, unless at high energy, baryon number will almost certainly be conserved, so for every baryon created with a baryon number of +1 an antibaryon will also be created, with a baryon number of -1. In order for baryogenesis to occur, some process must allow for the non-conservation of baryon number (in the standard model the sphaleron process). There are two other conditions, namely there must be C and CP violation. This ensures that there is some preference for the production of matter over antimatter, as equal rates of production would lead to no net gain. The other condition is thermodynamic inequilibrium, which ensures that the reverse process doesn't occur at the same rate, again cancelling out any net gain of baryons. These conditions are collectively known as the Sakharov conditions. 
If I knew, I would.
Because the thing that is violated is the conservation law of the quantity, so he would have to say violation of conservation of quantity and non-conservation is faster
Ah I misunderstood your question. Baryogenesis, as far as I know, specifically refers to the production of baryons in the early universe, so antimatter falling into black holes couldn't have caused that but I take it you mean antimatter falling to to a black hole could have caused the baryon asymmetry?  As far as I know it's still slightly up in the air as to whether black holes conserve baryon number, but to be honest I don't know. Even if it did, however, it's highly unlikely that the amount of antimatter needed to satisfy the massive difference between matter and antimatter fell into black holes. Is it not just as likely for matter to fall into black holes, if the universe was baryon symmetric initially? I might be wrong but I guess it's possible, but incredibly unlikely.
~~Those~~ This is one of the best ELI5's I've seen in a long time.  Great analogy.Edited because Swype hates my fat fingers.
Thank you for this explanation, I couldn't understand your first one (my fault), but this helped a lot, thanks.
I wish I'd had you as my physics professor.
You mean, Mater BH + anti-matter BH -> BH merger -> one bigger BH, and no mater - anti-matter annihilation here? All matter and anti-matter sit peacefully in a single blackhole?
What I'm curious about is the possibility of two black holes of the exact same mass, one composed entirely of matter and the other composed entirely of antimatter. If the two singularities collide, would the matter and antimatter completely annihilate? If so, and all of the mass from the matter and antimatter was transformed into energy, what is providing the gravitation force keeping the black hole together? 
> all the physics of black holes can be understood referring only to the outside.This is the Holographic Principle, right? Am I correct in understanding that this should not be limited to black holes, and that therefore at any arbitrary distance the information in a volume effectively exists on the surface of that volume, a bit like how we assume a photon traverses a distance but only actually detect it at a point of contact?
I'm really really sorry for wasting your time without thinking about this before.Maybe using the u(d) quark mass instead of the proton mass would be better (and bring other problems, ofc), but still, great reasoning.
> The one outside has a bit more potential energy, so the overall energy is slightly positive, while the one outside has a bit less potential energy, so the total energy is slightly negative.> > I hope this reasoning makes it clear the particle inside always has the negative energy and the one outside the positive energy.I think you may have meant your second outside to read inside. So, are you saying that because in this description a particle with such negative energy cannot escape the event horizon, its presence subtracts energy from the black hole because the positive energy particle borrowed energy from the pair creation to form outside and then escape? How does this fit with the description of a particle forming inside the horizon and then slipping out via quantum tunneling, since that negative energy particle could also escape via that mechanism?And, does the geometry of a black hole (i.e. rounded surface) have anything to do with Hawking radiation, so that for example in the quantum tunneling description a particle is more likely form inside the event horizon and then tunnel outward than form outside the horizon and then tunnel inward, or alternatively that a particle pair at the surface is more likely to result in positive energy particle escape than both positive and negative energy particles entering the black hole? 
Awesome, thanks!
This may get buried but if in theory we were able to achieve faster than light travel (or if it existed) would someone be able to travel in and out of a black hole (notwithstanding gravitational pressures)  has the escape velocity been measured or does it vary based on size etc of the black hole? 
I'm pretty sure it's just the definition of the word anti-matter.I've only ever heard negative mass particles referred to as exotic matter, not that they could possibly exist considering our currently accepted laws of physics. See Bonnor's runaway motion.But hey, I've been wrong before. Please elaborate if you would like to.
Then how do we detect large black holes, if the mass never makes it in there?  How did they get large?
Awesome. Thank you. And being that said, aren't we capable of producing one in theory then? 
And this is precisely the reason that an introductory understanding of something does not qualify you to have opinions about it. The further into any field (especially a STEM field) you go, you'll realize that everything you were taught before is actually wrong in some small way. So remember in intro bio when we told you X? Yeah, that's only the case when Y, which is like 90% of the time. Z actually accounts for basically everything. *2 semesters later*So remember 2 semesters ago when we told you Z is actually the answer? Yeah, that only works in like 95% of the cases where X doesn't work.And so on. I think this is one of the reasons why people with a rudimentary grasp of things like climate science think they're qualified enough to have an opinion about climate change not happening. They're not qualified to make that determination, they merely think they are because their high school science teachers had to exclude some things because they can't explain them to intro science students, that, once known, make it very obvious as to how it can (and is) happening.
Yeah he was right in that respect, pretty irrelevant for me to bring that up now that I think about it.
I like to say there are corrections we are leaving out for now so I don't feel like I'm lying though.
Wouldn't you be too busy collecting your Nobel?
Aha ty I was just at CERN and all the people I asked there said the same.
No one knows completely, all three of the required conditions (non-conservation of baryon number, C and CP violation, and thermodynamic inequilibrium) are in the standard model (spaherlon process, weak interaction, Electroweak Phase Transition respectively). But because any baryon asymmetry would need to be generated prior to the quark epoch, the C and CP violation in weak interactions is not enough to explain the large disparity.But basically according to the standard model it's because of three factors. At high energies it's possible for three leptons to be 'traded' for three baryons (9 quarks). There's some difference between matter and antimatter (shown by C and CP violation) such that it is more likely that baryons are produced rather than antibaryons. Finally thermodynamic inequilibrium means that the reverse process doesn't happen at the same rate, which would wipe out any net baryon gain. There's obviously a few more factors necessary but that's the basics, at least within the standard model. Here's a link to a fairly easy to read paper on the Sakharov conditions which doesn't get too bogged down with maths if you're interested. http://phys.columbia.edu/~dvp/dvp-sakharov.pdf
**MATTER BH === ANTIMATTER BH**
Black holes aren't made of matter or antimatter, they're just made of black hole. What kind of stuff went into forming the black hole doesn't make a difference. 
A black hole fed by antimatter is exactly the same as a black hole fed by matter. They don't retain any physical property that distinguish if they were made of matter or antimatter, is what he/she is saying.The mistake you are making might be that you don't distinguish between matter and mass. There is matter and antimatter, but not mass and antimass(?). A black hole is not matter nor anti-matter. It's just mass (and charge and momentum/angular momentum).Edit. I'm not really a scholar when it comes to this so take it with a grain of salt
There is no such thing as a black hole made of matter or made of antimatter. You throw 1 kg of matter, or 1 kg of antimatter, the end result is the same. Not practically the same, sort of the same. Exactly the same\*.(\* classically/macroscopically. The information should be retained and scrambled at the quantum gravity level. But the baryon number is still not conserved)
> If the two singularities collide, would the matter and antimatter completely annihilate? If so, and all of the mass from the matter and antimatter was transformed into energy, what is providing the gravitation force keeping the black hole together?Even if they did annihilate, the end result is no different.As far as gravity is concerned, energy and matter are the same thing. That's what Einstein's theory of general relativity is all about. E=MC^2 means that energy = mass x (speed of light squared).It's even theoretically possible to make a black hole with no matter at all, only energy in the form of photons. This special class of black hole is called a kugelblitz and, aside from it's unusual origin, it would be no different than a regular black hole in how it functioned from that point on. It's mass would be equal to the mass equivalent of the amount of energy used in it's creation.
I get the feeling you missed his key point, which is that a matter or antimatter black hole is not really a distinction that has meaning. Matter and Antimatter are not things inside of black holes. If a black hole made of antimatter and a black hole made of matter collide, they make a bigger black hole. They do this in exactly the same manner as if two black holes made of matter collide.
Energy in itself(in this case photons) creates a gravitational pull. General relativity states mass and energy are equal, not that one can be transformed to another. Every mass has energy and all energy has a mass and gravitation.So if the black holes were to annihilate each other we wouldn't even notice since photons can't escape the gravitational pull of a black hole.
Matter and antimatter annihilate into photons and other particles. These will have the same gravitational potential as the matter and antimatter you started with.  Read this relevant post on stack exchange:  http://physics.stackexchange.com/questions/9731/what-is-pure-energy-in-matter-antimatter-annihilation-made-ofAlso mass is basically just confined energy. Here is a great video about it: https://youtu.be/gSKzgpt4HBU
this is the black hole complementarity principle, which is a particular form of the holographic principle. Basically, for you distant observer the interior does not exist and the black hole is essentially a Planck-length-thick hot membrane above the event horizon which burns incoming objects and emits Hawking radiation (which is its blackbody radiation). This is holographic because this 2D object, the membrane, is equivalent to the 3D interior that an actual infalling observer would see.> a bit like how we assume a photon traverses a distance but only actually detect it at a point of contact?I don't think that has anything to do with this though
>I'm really really sorry for wasting your time without thinking about this before.You're kidding? This is a great question. It's an interesting fact that you can answer it without knowing quantum gravity.>Maybe using the u(d) quark mass instead of the proton mass would be better (and bring other problems, ofc), but still, great reasoning. Free quarks don't exist because of colour confinement. The lightest particle with a non-zero baryon number is the proton, end of it
>I think you may have meant your second outside to read inside.sorry, fixed> So, are you saying that because in this description a particle with such negative energy cannot escape the event horizon, its presence subtracts energy from the black hole because the positive energy particle borrowed energy from the pair creation to form outside and then escape?yeah, essentially that> How does this fit with the description of a particle forming inside the horizon and then slipping out via quantum tunneling, since that negative energy particle could also escape via that mechanism?No, it cannot. Tunnelling cannot create energy. Tunnelling can let you reach configurations which are energetically accessible to you but that you would be prevented from reaching by an energetically inaccessible barrier. You cannot tunnel to a configuration with more energy than you have available.>And, does the geometry of a black hole (i.e. rounded surface) have anything to do with Hawking radiation, Yes, it does modify things at very large wavelengths.
Well, escape velocity is a bit of a simplification - inside the event horizon spacetime is such that all future paths lead to the singularity, no matter what you do (all paths out of the black hole lead to the past)Even if you had a time travel machine, you can't go back home - you will see that an infinite amount of time has passed outside before you pass through the event horizon because of time dilation due to the black hole's gravitational fieldHowever this is where my understanding breaks down - what happens when the black hole evaporates (from the outsider's point of view) but you still look stuck outside the event horizon?
For the second part of the question:http://imgur.com/eASWxPr.jpgthe escape velocity depends on both the mass M of the black hole and your distance r to its center of mass, G being the gravity constant.If the body is a black hole, it means that it so massive that there's a distance Rs to its center of mass from where the needed escape velocity is the speed of light in vacuum. That's where its horizon is, so the surface you would cross to mean that you're in or out of it as you said, but there's no physical delimitation. If it was just a normal body then yes, by going faster than the escape velocity at Rs you would be able to escape it, but we are talking about light speed here...Current understanding of black holes comes only from Relativity, and Relativity has as one of its bases light speed in vacuum as an absolute limit.So if for some reason we find a way to travel faster than light, Einstein's Relativity is dead and we don't have any means to describe black holes anymore (we already have very little!), so it's probably not possible to answer that question rigorously.
Presumably all the mass within the event horizon was there when the black hole was created. (Again, is there an astrophysicist in the house?)This time dilation factor tends to zero as r approaches the Schwarzschild radius rs, which means that someone at the Schwarzschild radius will appear to freeze to a stop, as seen by anyone outside the Schwarzschild radius.  http://casa.colorado.edu/~ajsh/schwp.html
The barrier to accomplishing that task is the amount of energy involved. The LHC is the most energetic collider we've built and run thus far and some hypothesized that micro-blackhole creation may have been possible at the higher energies. To create something akin to those 'doomsday' black holes from sci-fi we'd need to produce and focus far more energy and currently that is beyond our capabilities, and may always be.
Sure.  It's easy.  Simple matter of engineering.OK, the quantities of mass and energy are (many) order of magnitude beyond what we've ever handled before, but in principle...
Just like in math, where we were first told that there is no square root for negative numbers, then later we learned about 'imaginary' numbers [lousy name though].If we hit 'em with everything in Grade 1, lots of people would never learn anything.
A lot of people I discuss climate change with even deny the basic greenhouse effect. They are so focused on denying climate change that they will deny basic science. And they love to quote already disproven facts such as the world has not warmed since 1998. Never underestimate the power of wilful ignorance. 
What are C and CP violations?
Isn't it possible we just happen to be in a pocket of matter and if we could travel far enough the total distribution could be uniform? 
Nice. Saved for later.
OK, got it. Matter/antimatter-ness exists only before they enter into blackhole. Once they crushed into more fundamental particles (baryon), there's no difference.
Is your username a snowcrash reference? The tangential connection between snowcrash, black sun, black holes is pretty amusing to me either way.
Right. Consider that black holes absorb light too,and light is what's created when master and antimatter collude. 
I guess this is breaching on things I should be looking up for myself, but what form does ~~matter~~ mass take in a black hole, in a singularity? I'm assuming my knowledge of, and assumptions based on, general physics and chemistry is just not applicable in this type of situation so I'm completely in the dark. 
Or even 1 kg of pure energy for that matter - still get the same end results.
Gosh darnit, thank you for explaing what a kugelblitz is!My Google Dictionary plugin gave me this:> The Flakpanzer IV Kugelblitz was a German self-propelled anti-aircraft gun developed during World War II. By the end of the war, only a pilot production of five units had been completed. Unlike earlier self-propelled anti-aircraft guns, it had a fully enclosed, rotating turret.
Great explaination, thank you! I had no idea black holes could be created by photons/energy too.
I did miss his point, I was confused by the idea of throwing these two different things into preexisting fires/black holes, I didn't realize that a hypothetical black hole that formed from the mass and gravity of antimatter was also the exact same as one that formed from matter. I also wasn't aware that the mass that makes up (is this the correct way of thinking of it?) a black hole didn't retain any of the physical properties of matter it once had. 
So then is the holographic principle thought to apply strictly to black holes and not more generally and fundamentally to the rest of physical reality?
Oh man, wait, *what*? How does the interior not exist? I thought the interior contained a singularity with the mass of the black hole?
In the following scenario:         ___ o____ ||____(this is the potential, o indicates the side the particle is on)I thought that the amplitude decreases over the course of the barrier, but is not zero inside the barrier. This would mean that the probability to find the particle inside the barrier is also not zero. What am I missing here?
Yes, once you're in the event horizon no matter which direction you face they all lead to the center. Remembering photons have no mass they aren't pulled by gravity in to it, but rather the space and direction they are traveling is warped towards the black hole. And as you fall in towards the singularity, and if ignoring your speghettification, you will be fast forwarded to the heat death of the universe, and if you were able to see out of the hole as you fall in (you can't, all spacial directions point to the center) you would see all the stars around you burn out rather quickly.  
The other part is that you need a LOT of mass/energy to create something resembling a stable black hole that just sits there mostly minding its own business.  At lower mass/energy levels, the hawking radiation is so intense that you've already destroyed anything nearby with it, and you certainly won't want one of those near Earth.Very tiny black holes that could possibly be created in an accelerator just evaporate without much fanfare, and it could be difficult to even tell that it was a black hole in the first place.
Wow. That's so fascinating. Thank you so much. 
IIRC We'd need lasers with continuous power on at least the order of exawatts to make a kugelblitz. We can currently do a couple terawatts for like a microsecond...
This question demands a lot of math, so I apologize for that, but I have to ask...If we detonated all of our nuclear weapons in a manner that very efficiently focused the blast inward, it couldn't compress a baseball sized bit of matter even close to becoming a black hole?
Doesn't the LHC create atom-sized black holes that almost instantaneously faze out of existence?
In the field of the real numbers, which isn't often enough explicitly explained to young students, the square root function is not defined for negative numbers. So, implicitly there is no square root for negative numbers, as the system of reals is what is investigated. 
Exactly. You need the strong foundation before you can begin to comprehend the complexities.
You can postpone teaching it without lying about it. Instead of saying there is no square root if negative numbers say to take the square root of negative numbers you need to go beyond real numbers, which is outside the scope of this class, so we will treat it as being undefined.
I remember my Alg 2 teacher always told us there are no real roots, not no solutions for negative roots. At first we didn't really get what that meant, but as we did complex numbers it all came together.
That's also true. But to be fair, I'd say that it still stems from them believing they have enough knowledge of the subject to make an informed decision when they don't. Even if that knowledge is 30 years old from a publication funded and published by companies with a vested interest in climate change not occurring...
Put as simply as possible, C stands for charge conjugation and C violation means that the laws of physics aren't invariant for a particle and it's antiparticle. CP violation stands for combined charge conjugation and parity violation, and means the laws of physics aren't invariant when both swapping a particle for its antiparticle and swapping left for right (think mirror reflection). 
It's highly doubtful, there would be tell tale signs. We would detect annihilation radiation at the inter phase between matter and antimatter. We also see a much higher abundance of antiprotons in cosmic rays, I believe it's only somewhere in the region of 10^-6. This article is a pretty easy read and goes into why it is unlikely that the universe is baryon symmetric (equal amounts matter and antimatter): http://phys.columbia.edu/~dvp/dvp-sakharov.pdf
Of course. And the second half of my name is, of course, a much more obscure Stephenson reference. 
There is no matter. Black holes are not made of anything. They're just things that can exist.
I think the confusion comes from the two different, yet closely related, meanings for the word matter.  On one hand, it can mean stuff that has mass (think matter vs energy).  On the other, it can refer to one FLAVOR of that stuff that has mass (as in matter vs antimatter).  Annihilation only occurs when these two specific flavors (matter-flavor and antimatter-flavor) of mass-stuff interact with each other.  You have to have both flavors in the mix, the same way a fire needs both fuel AND oxygen to burn.  Now, under normal conditions, mass-stuff settles into one of these two flavors.  In black holes, though, normal physics goes right out the window, and other options become possible.  The conditions are so brain-meltingly extreme that mass-stuff stops being able to even take on a flavor AT ALL, the same way it can't form into individual atoms.  It's just a ball of raw mass-stuff, no more, no less.So, if you drop some antimatter-flavored-mass-stuff into a black hole, it won't annihilate, since you don't have BOTH of the flavors you need, even briefly.  Same thing if you drop in matter-flavored-mass-stuff.  It all gets crushed down and just becomes *stuff*.So this is what they mean by no such thing as an antimatter black hole.  You can use antimatter to make a black hole, but the moment you do, it stops being antimatter and gets crushed into unflavored mass-stuff, identical to a black hole made from normal matter.I really hope that this clears things up, instead of just making the confusion worse, haha.  Cheers!
generally but if used correctly and parsimoniously. Not everything about how holography works in the general case is known. Black hole complementarity is one great example where an explicit study can be attempted and many non-trivial checks can be verified somewhat directly.
Classically, sure. But at the quantum gravity level it might not exist (at least for some observers). This looks like a huge discrepancy between the classical and quantum theories but it is actually not upon close inspection: how could you actually tell the difference experimentally? 
If you measure the particle and you find it to be localized in a very small x smaller than the width of the barrier, you have given it a momentum uncertainty p = hbar / x and so you have given it at least kinetic energy.More simply, since x and H do not commute, performing a position measurement can change the energy and so can require an energy input to be performed.
The conservation of energy would imply it's impossible to create a black hole which evaporates in a significant explosion without investing that much mass/energy in the first place. My first guess would be that our accelerators don't consume nearly as much raw energy as a large bomb, and the mass involved is tiny.
We can regularly reach petawatts on a time scale of a few picoseconds (that is, a few cycles) using chirped pulse amplification.There are some interesting advances around the corner, for instance we are now only a few orders of magnitude away from the Schwinger limit, where the electric field strength in the propagating laser beam becomes sufficiently high to liberate electron-positron pairs spontaneously from the vacuum. However, producing blackholes in the laser lab is not likely to happen very soon. :)
No, there is never a point at which any collision within the capabilities of the LHC is bound more forcefully by gravity than the magnitudes of the strong force and Pauli exclusion interactions involved.
[removed]
As Neil Young says, You gotta take a first step...you gotta crawl to be tall
What's the point of potentially confusing students when they may be already struggling with basic concepts? It's not like that random remark is going to make a difference when (/if) they ever get to complex numbers.Also if the class is about real numbers, saying there is no square root if negative numbers is not a lie. 
I think you are being generous. They definitely have a filter rejecting any evidence that doesn't match their preconception. When I get an argument from them that dismisses climate change, like the urban heat island effect, my approach is to dig into it and learn more. This effect has been well researched and while some discrepancies have been shown in Hong Kong, it has largely been shown to not affect the data significantly. The denialists assume a conspiracy, so assume all climate data is fudged and that the tens of thousands of climate scientists are deliberately faking their research. When one person pointed me to a list of scientists that denied climate change, I pointed out that 10% of the list were medical doctors (along with engineers, computer scientists, biologists and many non climate science fields). He tried to argue that medical doctors were well qualified to talk on climate science. Quite frankly, facts have no effect on these people. 
I never finished that book, sadly.
I started reading it in 2013 and wound up doing some time in prison soon after starting the book. I survived a few suicide attempts while locked up and decided to finish reading all the books I started by never finished (many as a drug addict). I am so grateful I finished reading Snow Crash as it lead me to reading his other books such as Cryptonomicon, SevenEves, and Anathem. Being locked up and losing everything (including what I felt like was my entire life and future) allowed me to appreciate Stephenson in a way I never could have before.
Sorry, I meant to type mass. So the mass just exists in black hole form? Unique and unlike anything else in existence? 
It seems to me that applying the Holographic Principle generally would mean that inevitably you could describe the whole Universe as a geometric structure (maybe the [Amplituhedron](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Amplituhedron) is getting at this description), the events within which can be said to occur at the boundary of any arbitrarily sized volume, and seems to be inevitable IF the HP applies by fiat outside of the case of black holes. I don't know whether there is new value to such a description of the Universe, but in that description it does seem to me to make sense to explain a deeper reason for how information doesn't effectively exist until an interaction event (i.e. at the surface of a volume), and that information propagation by photons, gravitons, etc isn't observed until those particles' detection (at a surface of a volume).The hairy question then though would be reconciling the extended application scope of the HP with dark energy, since the biggest volume would be that of the entire Universe so that all events within that volume would be said to occur on the surface/boundary, and it's not only unclear what boundary means at the scale of the whole Universe, not to mention that obviously light etc travels slower than the cosmic expansion at far enough distances so that the HP's distance range of application would seem to be limited to the on shell boundary defined by the speed of information propagation rather than the larger cosmic radius of the whole Universe. Which would therefore limit the HP's generality.
Okay, makes sense. But would this not apply to a black hole too? 
The issue is that energy from a collision of particles also comes from destroyed mass. It is not like the only output is equal to the amount of kenetic energy the colliding particles have. That would be like saying the energy that was released by a bomb comes from the plane that dropped it.
Oh neat. Thanks for the info! Any suggestions for further reading?
Neil Young? I don't need him... 
Fair enough. There is also some element of blind faith there, that they have the right answer, and they know they have the right answer, so anything you say that disagrees with their preconceived notions is wrong by default. However, I would also argue that this likely goes back to some [anchoring](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anchoring) event. In other words, they heard from their parents or from people they hang out with that it isn't real before they heard the supporting evidence, and they're weighting the first piece way more heavily than subsequent pieces of information, despite the evidence to the contrary being far more reliable, correct, and numerous.
I started reading it in 2013 and wound up doing some time in prison soon after starting the book. I survived a few suicide attempts while locked up and decided to finish reading all the books I started by never finished (many as a drug addict).  I am so grateful I finished reading Snow Crash as it lead me to reading his other books such as Cryptonomicon, SevenEves, and Anathem.  Being locked up and losing everything (including what I felt like was my entire life and future) allowed me to appreciate Stephenson in a way I never could have before.
I finished that one, but  I got stalled partway through Seveneves TWICE.That book needed an editor.
Yeah... only it's misleading to say that mass is in a certain form. There are states, and states have a mass. There are many possible states that have a given mass M; a black hole is one possible state with mass M.
I... have no idea what you're talking about and it has no relationship with holography. Your point about information and observations at the boundary makes no sense to me. That's really not what holography is.
The available energy required to tunnel out of a black hole is essentially infinite, or technically even beyond infinite since dumping infinite energy in trying to get out would just still leave you on the inside. 
>destroyed mass.You mean converted? 
I also see some people as being innately sceptical of everything. They think the world is out to scam them, and this is just another scam. Also likely to not believe in moon landings. 
It needed to end when they made it to the crack, right before they scoobydoo'd thousands of years into a cartoon future.
So are Higgs Bosons intact if there's still mass?  Or is my understanding completely off?  
I thought holography concerned the ability to encode the information contained in a volume of space (i.e. a black hole) at the surface of that volume (i.e. the event horizon). Which (if correct) I am then saying (if it extends to the physical space outside of a black hole) ought to relate the information of an arbitrary volume of space to its projection on the surface of that volume.
There's a lot of unscientific speculation in the answers to this post, and repetition of folk stories of music composition that were discredited by psychoacoustic research in the mid 20th century.[actual research](http://journal.frontiersin.org/article/10.3389/fpsyg.2014.01341/full) has shown that some characteristics of music (lively vs. calming) tend to generalize between cultures while others (positive vs. negative affect) are unrecognizable outside of their original context.
[removed]
There has been many instances of non-westerners hearing our music for the first time. Some groups of peoples were quite remote. They felt sadness in slow minor songs immediately. A few studies were done as well. [One scientific article on the matter](http://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0960982209008136)
Major keys contain natural physical harmonies with little dissonance. When you analyze the waveforms of a major chord, the separate frequencies sync up nicely.Minor keys contain more dissonance, meaning that when you analyze the waveforms, the separate frequencies do not cycle together. They are out of sync on a physical level.I know a lot of people want to claim that sounds are purely subjective art, but they're not. Sounds are waveforms. If you select frequencies at intervals that coincide, they're going to sound good to your ear.Layer together waveforms with intervals that do not coincide and your ear will be able to tell that the dissonance makes the waveforms clash with one another.
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
One has to look at different cultures also. Iranian love songs, or Georgian plowing songs, for instance, can been in, what a westerner would consider, dissonant or minor (non well temperament) keys and will be about happiness and prosperity. Also one should consider that scientifically, well temperament, the basis of most western popular music, is very dissonant when looking at the relationship of notes in a chord. Also there are many other scales. You have scales like Dorian, Mixolydian, Harmonic Minor, Lydian and the like which can definitely convey some more nuanced emotions. 
Great question. A few things that I'd like to point to which I think might contribute to the discussion.The relative degree of consonance/dissonance is directly associated with the number of cycles that are required before 2 (or more) notes repeat their pattern. e.g. in a unison it is a 1:1 ratio and so the two notes are considered consonant. Whereas the tritone/A4/D5 is an irrational number which when we use the same criteria takes the biggest number of cycles before resolution/repetition of the pattern compared to other intervals. Some other intervals, depending on the tuning system used, are 5:4 or 3:2 which resolve faster than the tritone and so, are described as consonant. You can complete the mathematics for any chord and this holds up to any cultural ordering of consonance/dissonance that I am aware of. When comparing the major key to the minor key in western music, we have a set of melodic and harmonic structures that are common to both. What is happening here is that these two keys, while both considered consonant have slightly different variations. They are tied together and comparable largely due to the dominant -> tonic (V-I, whatever you want to call it) which gives us a cadence. When you compare the harmonies found in these two keys and the intervals used to create the melodies, the minor key is slightly more dissonant than the major key. Given this is the case, and making some assumptions that brains all process patterns in a similar way (big assumption, i know) I think we have an argument for a natural predisposition due to slower pattern recognition in the minor key. Perhaps the minor key lends itself to slower tempo so as to allow time for melodies/harmonies to process, this may make the association stronger.
Most of our association with major/minor happy/sad  [is a result of cultural conditioning ](http://www.nme.com/blogs/nme-blogs/the-science-of-music-why-do-songs-in-a-minor-key-sound-sad-760215).The associations break down if you've grown up with, say, Eastern music. Traditional Japanese or Bali gamelan. 
When you play what we call a single note, you will actually hear a whole series of subtle notes alongside the main one - which we call the fundamental. These notes are called overtones.The octave, fourth, fifth and major third are all in the overtones which will be heard upon playing a note. The prominence of each of those is a big factor in defining the timbre of the instrument.The minor third, being an undertone, isn't usually heard.Therefore, when a fundamental and its minor third are played, there is a strong dissonance between the overtone of the major third and the minor third. This dissonance creates a feeling of instability or weakness, which we associate with sadness.
The Hava Negilah from Jewish culture is actually sung in a minor key, as are most other Jewish songs and prayers. Seeing as Hava Negilah is sung at weddings and other celebrations, I'd suggest that it's completely cultural. And I think that lots of the tonality used in Asian cultures also defies Major vs. minor. Example: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chinese_musicology
[removed]
(I'm stealing a bit of a post I made in r/BABYMETAL )I'd like to point out, as a musician and amateur composer, that the supposition that minor keys are 'sad' is overblown. A good example is the fact that Bach's _Tocatta and Fugue,_ Mozart's _Der Holle Rache_ from the Magic Flute and Beethoven's _Ninth Symphony_ are all in D Minor (which, according to SpinalTap is the 'saddest key') sound completely different. The first is not sad at all. The second goes back and forth from sad to not sad by way of 'verse' and 'chorus' and the last is majestic and powerful: three totally different uses of the same key signature.[Tocatta and Fugue](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ho9rZjlsyYY)[Der Holle Rache](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JzFi-7H9TKs) as performed by the incomparable Diana Damrau: skip to 2:10 to skip the intro.[9th Symphony, 4th movement](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XeT17YeUj5k)
[removed]
This requires as much musical theory as it does scientific knowledge.  Given that the basics seem to be: If you go back to a classic work like *Sensations of Tone* by Herman Helmholtz, you will find discussions of looking at the amount of dissonance in different musical chords, etc. This is discussed there in great detail. Pure tuning vs modern tuning makes a difference in these calculations. but the overall principles remain effective.Dissonance can be defined as a measure of the relative *discernable* complexity of a sound or a collection of sounds. Noise is very complex, but is outside the the practical limit of human hearing to resolve or distinguish differencesEssentially, major chords are less dissonant than minor chords, even though minor chords are now considered consonant. Minor chords show a more complex structure in terms of frequency relationships.Now we make the jump to human reaction and emotion. To the degree that you can differentiate between the quality of sound, you can have different reactions and emotions to the different qualities of sound. The reaction to a simpler or purer sound can be calmer and more pleasant than the reaction to more complex sound. Different people have different tolerances for the amount and variety of complexity they like.  It varies, and is also a matter of experience and education.This can be played with in many different ways when creating a piece of music. It applies to all sorts of musical textures and sounds.  The quality of sound that dominates in a work of music colors the emotions.This sound quality of small amounts of dissonance in the minor key can be interpreted as sadness or dissatisfaction of some sort. Depending on familiarity and education, the quality and variety of emotion experienced differs greatly.There is a lot of research on this. ---EDIT: Here is an example of a recent research paper on this which examines the matter is far more technical detail that the above introductory discussion.* [Tonal consonance parameters link microscopic and macroscopic properties of music exposing a hidden order in melody](https://arxiv.org/abs/1610.04551)---Professional composers, especially those for movies, etc use a variety of musical principles, tricks, and effects to manipulate emotions with great expertise. This idea of relative simplicity vs complexity is one of them.
[removed]
I did a class project on music therapy years ago which has some insight into this:Just as a side note the purpose of the study was not to dive too far into alternative therapy but to try an examine the mechanisms that it could work by. For example I found that music tempo effects heart rate and other physiological states (now I know the question is about major and minor, but I think its suggestive that the body can respond to music innately)When it comes to major and minor keys these are created around how notes harmonize with each other. The major third sounds more happy largely because a 3rd in terms of wave frequencies they fit together far more cleanly (in fact if my memory serves simply playing a single note creates the 3rd 5th and other octave frequency waves - not as strong as the played note - think of it as all the different sorts of waves that would travel up and down a string when plucked) anyway so the diminished 3rd or the minor is dissonant with all that, sitting less comfortably into the human ear.
[removed]
As far as I know there is no definitive answer, only theories. I will attempt to introduce a few theories I have heard of, but this list is not going to be complete. **Theory 1: It is natural because of the way scales are constructed**A scale is a way of ordering notes. In western music we mainly use two scales, called major and minor mode. Music theory is used to explain the relation between different tones and chords of a scale. Each tone and chord has a certain [function](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Diatonic_function). For example the first chord, called tonic, acts as the tonal center. In a major key this center is based upon a major chord and quality. A song in minor will carry a different mood because the relationship between tones is different, since it is centered around a minor chord and quality. >The minor scale leads to a new sonic space in which to explore.Music impacts our emotions and different scales/modes are going to impact us differently. **Theory 2: It is natural because of the way our brain and ears work**In music there is the concept of tension and resolution. Intervals and therefore chords either lead to more tension or resolve some tension. Just like a well written book a piece of music also has to balance the relationship between tension and resolution. We can translate a tone into a frequency and when we do it with two we can calculate the ratio of them. As it turns out our brain loves hearing certain ratios more than others. We feel these ratios, associate them with the feeling of tension and resolution, and therefore with certain emotions. The difference between major and minor chords is that a major chord uses a major third for its second note, while a minor chord uses a minor third for its second note. This leads to different ratios and therefore to a different feel. A major chord is more pleasing to our ear, since it has less tension. This is why we associate it with being happy or cheerful. A minor chord carries more tension, which leads us to believe it sounds sad. A song in major relies mainly on major chords, so it also sounds more cheerful than a song in minor, which relies mainly on minor chords.**Theory 3: It is nurtured because of tradition**Before there was a device capable of analyzing the frequency of a tone, musicians had to tune by ear. This was done by comparing certain pitches, having absolute hearing is rare. And since that was not an exact science there were a few tuning systems used to determine the interval between two notes. Since these intervalls were so uneven each key would have a certain characteristic. [Here is a page listing how people would describe these characteristics](http://biteyourownelbow.com/keychar.htm). You might notice that major keys are desribed in positive, cheerful ways - and minor keys as sad. What does that mean for today? The system we use now is called equal temperament,>every pair of adjacent notes is separated by the same interval.This means it is possible to play the same song in different keys but also that there should no longer be any characteristics. However I have heard some people argue that there is still a bit of character difference in every key. And if you go to [this website](https://www.hooktheory.com/theorytab) and play around with the keys a bit you might notice a difference in character on some songs. And since music heavily relies on tradition it wouldn't be too much of a stretch to think that the descriptions still carried over and became generalized to major = happy minor= sad.[See Wikipedia for more information about this](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Musical_tuning)English is not my mother tongue so I hope I didn't make too many mistakes.I was also able to find some more theories on [Quora](https://www.quora.com/Why-do-the-minor-chords-sound-sad-and-major-chords-happy).Source: I have played guitar for a decade and music was a main subject in my final two years of school.
Interesting question. We all know the answer, it's just hard to put into words. Minor chords just sounds sad. It's like comparing an upbeat fake super happy higher pitched voice to a person who is super uncharismatic with a lower monotone voice.Minor chords have a lowered third note, which mimicks human speech patterns in that lower notes usually indicate the person is not as happy.
It has to do with harmonics.  These are faintly heard hums above the main pitch. Try playing a low C on the piano and you'll barely hear them. Every instrument has these harmonics and a slight change in the volumes of them declares the timbre of the instrument. Trombones have different volumes of harmonics than a contrabass.  It creates a signature for the sound of that instrument. The notes of the harmonics are all the same though. In a low C it would be an octave up, a fifth up, a fourth up, a third up and a bunch of notes that aren't even in our scale system. If it were laid out on a graph, the line would be infinitely getting closer to the y axis but never touching. Go to a piano and play this most perfect chord. It is C, C, G, C, E.  This is a C major chord in 6 4 inversion.  We think of major chords as happy because a 6 4 inversion of them are hidden in every low pitch through harmonics.  It fits the perfect sound that we can faintly hear every time a pitch is sounded. Minor chords slightly alter this perfection so they sound slightly off and therefore sad. This is just my pet theory on the subject. 
The major and minor modes were first defined by Gallileo Galillei's dad. From the root we have f0, the fundamental, at unison. The first harmonic or partial - dividing a string or pipe in two - is at the octave (8va), f1. The second is the quintus. The third harmonic f3, falls between minor and major. However, by tempering (e.g. the well-tempered clavier, WTC, J. S. Bach) the scale, we can have less beats (in Hz) that line up with f0, or more beats.The frequency, f1, beats two times per f0 beat. The f2, when folded, beats 0.5 times f0. The f3 beats 0.25, but ~0.33 gives major and ~0.20 minor. Minor thus has a slower characteristic than major. The f2 is often implied as a partial with f0 and f1 and thus, the ratio f3/f2 must align with f0/f1. As a consequence, we have minor and major modes, because 1+ .50 + .25 is not as pretty as 1.8 or 1.66.Edit: see qmzpal's answer for the correct ratios.
It is not considered that. Jewish happy music is in what would be considered western minor keys.Many eastern scales are equivalent of minor scales in the west, many scales are neither major nor minor, and plenty of happy music use blue notes or minor scales.You can also modify feel of scale by tempo changes. A minor scale played fast in the west could easily be more cheerful than a major scale played slowly.Physically, minor scales have less sympathetic harmonics than major scales. Dissonance is perceived differently in different musical contexts as well as cultural.
I feel like frequency comes into play here but someone else could do alot better job of explaining it. Im thinking of meditation right now, singing bowls, chants etc. and how the frequency/pitch of those sounds effect our mood. Healing with sound has been around for thousands of years and yes exists in many different cultures but I feel it goes far beyond that. I do think its a natural predisposition for us and all the other creatures on this earth that communicate and navigate the world with sound. Ex. Alpha waves, Beta Waves, Gamma Waves etc. all evoke certain brain reactions and each produces different states of being! Happy and Sad would be high hz vs low hz and scientifically do stimulate our brains in different ways we can feel.. with every note and emotion all in between! Mozart was famous for his understanding of this. 
Musician here.  First of all, your question isn't stated accurately.  There are keys, and there are chords.  Chords can be major or minor (or if you want to go non-traditional there is even other combinations like a power chord that is just a first,fifth, and octave).Let's go over what a chord sounds like first.  Music has a feeling because of tension and release. If you take one note and combine it with its fifth, it has the most open static sound.  Then, 4th is less open, major third has a certain calm tension to it which we perceive as happy.  A minor third has a sort of scary/sad tension to it because it is getting so close to the tonic.  It's best to think of notes as rhythms (because they are frequencies).  Certain notes fit inside others nicely and sound pleasing while others sound scary or tense.Now keys.  They are collections of chords. When someone says it's in a minor key there is an associated major key at the same time, but the song sounds like it resolves on minor because you use more minor chords, etc.  the opposite is true with major.  Minor keys have major chords in them most of the time and vice versa.  So what you are really asking is why do minor chords sound sad.  Hopefully that helps.
There is science behind the wavelengths and the harmonics and how those sound in general, but how our brains interpret those sounds, particularly what dissonances we notice versus what we ignore, are largely learned. Take for example the tuning of a piano. The keys are not tuned to the perfect pitch of their named frequency. They are tuned in such a way so that they SOUND right to our ears. Yet pianos haven't always been tuned the same way they are now. Pianos of the past (and harpsichords) would sound jarringly out of tune to our ears. Think also of vibrato. We don't sit around and complain that a singer is rapidly bouncing on and off pitch. But run a voice with vibrato through autotune and you realize the pitch variations. The same is true regarding harmonies and scales.
In western music major keys were used traditionally for songs of celebration, like happy birthday and london bridge. Through cultural conditioning, we have learned to assosiate these kind of sounds with certain emotions. The same applies for minor keys
To clear something up that's not directly related to the question, but so far every post I've read has wrong --- consonance and dissonance are subjective terms. They are not short hand for beat frequencies or number on the harmonic series or any other harmonic relationship. What is consonant in one culture's music is dissonant in another's, and indeed within a song consonance and dissonance can be subjectively manipulated so that a note or interval sounds consonant in one context, but dissonant in another.
The overtone series is a natural makeup of sound and how it relates to nature. I am not qualified enough to give a full explanation, but I urge you to look into it. Most emotion in music, in my opinion (as others) has to do with tension and resolution, caused my dissonance and consonance in the combination of notes, harmonically or melodically (same thing really). Same in rhythm. One way that I like to think of it is if you slow down a note so much that it becomes a beat (pulse). Now imagine another note being slow down until it becomes a beat but maybe slightly faster or slower. When you combine those two notes they might make a rhythmic pattern that doesn't lineup for a while. In a way, that is dissonance. If you were to take the same two notes and slow them down to a pulse that you could hear they would line up perfectly or you might be able to find two notes that line up nicely (say 100 bpm and one that is 50 bpm). That would not be very dissonant because they would like up every other beat. This is all very metaphorical, so arguments are welcome. Now, just like with color, wavelengths have a lot to do with music. Primary colors obviously are the basis for color chemistry and you have to think of some notes as being the base for musical chemistry. In this sense a major scale could be considered more natural than minor because of varying levels of dissonance. However I would argue that the pentatonic scale in the mode of it or actually more universal and less dissident then the major scale altogether. The more you learn about harmonic minor, harmonic major, and exotic scales, The more the third note in the seventh no of the major scale prove to be heavy weights that pull down on the tonal center of the scale.In this way the dissonance acts as a way to manipulate the consonance. Meaning you can't have resolution without tension to begin with. And this is where cultural factors weigh in. How do you manipulate that resolution and tension and how much resolution intention is needed to reflect that culture.Sorry for any typos. Dictating between chores at home.  
I personally think it's predisposed, but bear in mind that there are actually a lot of happy songs written in minor keys and unhappy songs in major keys. Also there are other modes besides major and minor. Examples: Lean on Me is major and the synth theme from Beverly Hills Cop (forgot the name) is minor. The way I would summarize is that the addition of black keys anywhere in a melody makes it more poignant and modular while the white keys only (major scale) sound very standard. 
I don't think the argument about dissonance holds weight. Major keys are also quite dissonant. Major chords have the exact same intervals as a minor chord, a minor third and a major third. They are just arranged in a different order. Both keys use dominant and diminished chords, which are quite dissonant. Dissonance does not necessarily convey dark or sad. Dominant chords can convey a sound of beauty and happiness when performed traditionally in a major key.One difference between the keys is that minor progressions have more harmonic variety available to them than major keys. Also, the way minor is used tends be as an altered scale, for the express purpose of creating dominant chords (this is why 'harmonic' minor exists...for creating harmony).Major keys can also sound sad, if played in a slow and sentimental fashion. Minor keys can sound boisterous if played quickly.Whether or not our intuition on the moods of the keys is a learned behavior or something more innate is difficult to qualify. Nature's poetry can be illusive to our comprehension.
This is a great question. I play piano and I get really deep on the black keys, and it is most certainly a feeling of remorse or suffering to me. I believe it's all the way we play emotion. We can hit a drum in a creepy tempo. Tap a fork happily . You can play a happy minor song and you can play a dark one. I believe each movement of the body playing an instrument can be expressed with either emotion and create either image with the emotion put into it. Thoughts.
Wow, tone it down, no need to get angry.  This stuff is not complicated at all, I am saying that it's actually quite simple.  What's complicated is explaining something in a Reddit message that is better understood with your ears or pictures.  It's very complicated to explain patterns in text.  That's like asking someone to describe a painting in words when it's better understood and enjoyed visually.When I was referring to music theory, I was talking about keys and such.  Saying something is in the key of C Major (which could also be considered A Minor as they are the same exact notes), that is a term from music theory.  That means that all chords and notes should comes from the C major scale (not that it's wrong to play others if you know how to make it work).  I'm very well aware that these are human made constructs as a way to explain ( and transport in the old days) music.  I'm not sure why you are so angry, there was absolutely no snobbery in my remarks and I apologize if you read it that way.  The question was phrased incorrectly from a theory standpoint and needs to broken down simpler to a less complex (non theory but instead scientific) form to answer the question.  The question should be, why do two notes played at the same time give an emotional feeling?  Take theory out of it.  I'm not saying anything different here than I said before.  Also, theory is just a way to describe what we know instinctually about music and how it fits together.  It's unscientific but has roots in human intuition about how music works.  This goes back to how frequencies fit in relation to each other causing pleasing or chaotic rhythms.   
Classically trained/educated/employed/salaried musician here to dispel some of the misinformation going around.  The major and minor emotional dichotomy is entirely artificial.  We as westerners have been aurally primed from before birth to associate major keys with uplifting emotions and minor keys with negative ones. Some comments on the thread have pointed to the harmonics and overtones of minor and major keys but this doesn't hold up ad absurdem because a minor key actually has more major triads in it than a major key (due to more available accidentals in melodic minor). You cannot reduce a mode to its harmonic components. Further, the overtone series argument is irrelevant because overtone series themselves are not a tonal construct, just a natural mathematical phenomenon.  Overtone music sounds neither major nor minor. Composers have over hundreds of years constructed tonal modes which have over time become cliche to associate with certain emotions. These are not universal or natural by any means. For these reasons, some pieces in minor keys can be incredibly cheerful (klezmer music, for example) and pieces in major keys can emote heart wrenching longing (the A major adagietto of Mahler's 5th, for example). Ultimately, a composer created art by drawing from a collection of tools at his or her disposal (modes like major and minor; scales like whole tone or octatonic; tone colors of instruments; pulse and tempo; textures of sound) and evokes an intended emotional response.  Major just happens to be the cliche happy music and minor the sad music of western culture.
Does anyone have any research on the relationship between 'happiness' of music and of the 'Pythagorean' relationships between the frequencies of the notes in the scale?I've always thought that 'mood' in music was related to lower integer ratios of musical intervals.  Octaves, fifths, fourths, and major thirds sound 'happier' than minor intervals.
Watched a documentary on this.  Someone cam probably name it.  Basically said that while there is definitely a nurture component to the equation, the fact of the matter is that the relative frequencies of the notes involved provide most of the dictation of emotion.  As a case in point, consider playing two notes separated by a half-note, or by 11 half-notes.  It is discordant, and this will be the perception of the listener irrespective of their cultural background.
Think about how music came to be. Just a load of people making sounds, sometimes communicative, sometimes copying animals and environmental sounds and then organising it. Theres no scientific explanation for it because its more of a genetic reaction than anything, for instance: crying could be in a minor key, as could shrieks of pain or someone trying to communicate their anguish. It's all relative to the way we perceive communication with each other.    
Because the lack of dissonance in the major scale does not occur in nature. The relatively minor increase in dissonance in minor scales is a reminder to the primitive brain of the cacophony that proceeds danger. 
It involves the vibrations and is also related to numbers. Our receptors respond to certain vibrations, and this also affects what sounds good. Think of a lullaby and how it is soothing, and then imagine a smoke alarm and how it is harsh and unpleasant, the combination of certain vibrations tell us how to react to certain sounds.http://topdocumentaryfilms.com/code-numbers-shapes-prediction/Currently on Netflix and pretty interesting.
Saw a documentary about numbers, in it there was this woman who was researching sound, the nature of sound, pleasing sounds, distressing sounds. She found that pleasing sounds have harmony, like a nice chord. Stressful sounds are chaotic, like a buzzer or an alarm. But then she showed animal sounds and pleasing sounds like coos and purrs and laughs are shaped more like eachother than hisses and growls and warning bleats and what ever else you name these distress calls.I wonder if there is similar relationship for major vs minor keys. Name of the show was code, on Netflix. 
[deleted]
[removed]
Nature. It's built in. For example, Take the flat 4th of a scale, known as the blues note. The blues note is often found in, you guessed it, blues. Since the dawn is music it's noticed that when played it elicits excitement and stirs emotions in the listeners. No one had to teach someone when you hear this note, get excited... it just happens. It's so powerful that during the days of the classical composers they were banned from using it because doing so was believed to elicit sinful activity. It became knows as the devils note.  This why rock music (which uses a flat 4th) with regularity is known as the devils music. Rock on.
[removed]
[removed]
As with many psychological questions, it's a mix of nature and nurture.Your comment is currently the top (undeleted) comment, for good reason. Those below are presenting entirely one side of the argument, nature or nurture, with evidence for that particular view, but without giving the full picture.
This makes sense when you think about it. Imagine a story being told where the first thing that happens is a young man is shot.  Sad.  But if it's at the end of the story and he was a super bad guy you are cheering. This example might not directly apply to music but in terms of positive/negative interpretation it makes sense that context is everything because that's how it works in other media. 
From before birth I was played classical music.  I remember being in preschool during nap time, laying on our little mats, with music playing and crying at the sad songs.  Not all of them were in minors.  The one that sticks in my memory the most is actually Canon in D.  Chord patterns have always been tied very tightly to emotions for me. The 4 right chords can make me cry... I've always thought it would be amazing to study but never did.  The idea that notes in different combinations could actually manipulate thoughts or even behaviors..  so cool.*I just reread this and it sounds a little douchy, sorry.  I mentioned listening before birth because it was around the time playing Mozart for your pregnant belly was starting to gather speed, and nature vs nurture was questioned.   Also I just super love everything to do with all these ideas on this thread.
Many answers seem to have taken the cheerful and sad literally but I wonder if the OP was just using the accepted lingo to save words and hoping everyone would focus on the main point of the question. As /u/EuphonicSounds suggests perhaps bright/dark are better (more general) terms that will elicit a more constructive discussion. To me music in minor keys is often epic and beautiful, and very rarely sad. 
I find the syntax of the second paragraph kinda hard to understand here. Can someone break it down?
That study is of course interesting, but none of it suggests music is not a subjective thing learned from environment. It shows two different cultures have differences and similarities in musical perception. That is exactly what one would expect if music were completely subjective. It's not a question that easily answered.After all Canada and the Congo, and indeed any place on Earth, share many similarities. These are the environments that are informing musical perception. Until we find a culture that developed music in white padded rooms, this type of study is not going to provide definitive answers.
In other words, in the perfect scientific experiment, with the largest pool of test subjects, using multiple techniques to measure the subjects' responses -- both Pavlovian and inherent -- [this is likely the most scientific result](https://i.imgur.com/fwjYNTW.gifv)
Yep. Jury's still out. It's true that the minor key chords are minor (wow) and therefore contain more dissonance relative to the root of the chord, even though a minor and a major chord each contain both a major and minor third. But the happy/sad effect is unexplained by that--we love songs in minor keys, just as much if not more than major! 
What exactly do you mean by a characteristic being generalize[d] between cultures?Also, by unrecognizable, do you mean not producing the expected affect?.
Does anyone have any research on the relationship between 'happiness' of music and of the 'Pythagorean' relationships between the frequencies of the notes in the scale?I've always thought that 'mood' in music was related to lower integer ratios of musical intervals.  Octaves, fifths, fourths, and major thirds sound 'happier' than minor intervals.
I have found a blogpost of someone who made diagrams of a major and a minor triade: http://donskiff.com/the_language.htmFrom those diagrams alone one can see that there are physical differences in the harmonies.
[removed]
[removed]
Listen to the samples in the study (or read their titles). They're not comparing major and minor. They're comparing consonant and dissonant.One criticism that I have is that they're also comparing original and modified, and that too has an effect on the affect.
slow is a part of it. tempo and dynamics is a part of it.I grew up with a group that played tribal music and they experienced joy from songs that were in minor keys.Major keys to them sounded hypnotic and eerie because of the frequency sympathies and harmonics overlapping better.The dissonance of minor chords was energizing.A lot of this has to do with expectation: If the audience is aware and attuned to major scales then minor scales will sound sad to them. Convert any western nursery rhyme and the note shifts are saddening.Do the same thing with a culture attuned to minor scales, take one of their happy tunes. The only way to make it sound sad is by tempo and cadence. Creating a major version of it sounds droning and hypnotic to them, not happier.
Sure. Other instances tell of non-westerners who enjoyed the tuning of the orchestra, but felt the actual piece was meaningless noise.
Tempo is the most important thing. If you slow down major key songs they will sound sad too. Put any major key happy sounding pop song in a sequencer and slow down the tempo considerably and it will sound sad or melancholy. Fast tempo minor key songs sound energetic and lose their sadness.
Hmm... Consider this. A C minor chord contains 3 intervals: a minor 3rd (C-Eb), a major 3rd(Eb-G), and a perfect 5th(C-G). And a C major chord contains these 3: a major 3rd(C-E), a minor 3rd (E-G), and a perfect 5th(C-G). Same amount of the same types of intervals. So it seems to me that by definition, major and minor keys have the same amount of dissonance through the relative major/minor relationship, i.e. C minor has the same notes and intervals as Eb major. 
By that logic, a major chord should sound sadder than a pure octave or perfect fifths or fourths. But that's not the case.
> Major keys contain natural physical harmonies with little dissonanceThis is true in Just Intonation, with beatless perfect fifthsIt's less true in Even Temperment, where the major third and fifth are slightly out of tune
This is the first thing that came to mind for me. I once went to a talk about music where the speaker mentioned the the theory that happy feelings in music derive from expectations being fulfilled, while sad feelings derive from expectations being shattered. (Naturally this is slightly cultural since one's expectations depend on what one has heard before.)If that applies, not just at the rhythmic and melodic levels, but also at the harmonic, then we would expect slightly discordant chords to sadden.I found this an excellent explanation of how musical notes relate to objective frequencies, although I'm not sure how helpful it is in this particular case: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cyW5z-M2yzw 
A major key more closely follows the harmonic series, this is true. As soon as you ascribe words like consonance and dissonance you are fairly far into the subjective territory.
There are other ways to look at it using dissonance. In one way, our minds are problem solving machines. Dissonance is incomplete series, it is irrational. Our minds like organized things, major keys are complete, they are like the end result after long complex equation, the e =mc2. Minor chords are incomplete, they beg closure, resolve. They are the long ass equation that goes to infinity and can't be accurately expressed.Other way is the evolutionary angle, dissonant chords are what comes out of animals mouths, at the moment of distress, as warning etc. When you scream at the top of our lungs, it creates so many overtones that the end result is very complex waveform that has multiple base frequencies, not all harmonically related. Screams sound horrible. Singing is soothing. The more you have people screaming, the worse it gets. The ore people you have singing in harmony, the more in peace they are with each other, everything is soo good. :) Not solid facts, my own theories..
That can be true, sure, but it doesn't explain everything. There's still something fundamentally major = happy and minor = sad about certain chords.Here's the simplest example of a major chord consisting of a fundamental, major third, and fifth. (C E G on a piano, say)In simplistic tuning, the frequency ratios are 4/5/6, where the middle note is 5/4ths the frequency of the lowest note, and the highest note is 6/5ths the frequency of the middle note. Here's a sound file of 600hz, 500hz, 400hz repeated:http://cookiecookie.com/major.wavTo my ear it just sounds... happy? Somehow? But now move the middle note from 500Hz to 480Hz:http://cookiecookie.com/minor.wavNow the ratio is 6/5 between the lowest and middle, and 5/4 between highest and middle, the reverse of the case before. And it sounds... sad. Or mournful. Or ominous. At any rate, very different.I'm trying to figure out if there's something more or less *mathematically* consonant or dissonant about either of those sets of ratios.EDIT: further down someone links http://www.phy.mtu.edu/~suits/chords.html which is excellent. I guess what feels strange to me is that we interpret the feeling of these intervals even when we don't hear the frequencies at the same time beating against each other, which seems to lessen the importance of the role of dissonance.
This.   I was trying to explain this in my post as well and for some reason people got really angry!  Lol
> What does this tell us? That in Chopin's time, there was no correlation between major/minor and happy/sad, it is a socially constructed narrative.Is it really in Chopin's time or more for Chopin? Is the absence of a correlation true across the board culturally, either in Poland specifically or Europe more generally?
To add to this, almost all EDM songs are in a minor key, but I doubt the folks dancing to them at a festival would consider them sad.
You're missing the question of dissonance vs. consonance. The history of music involves a social progression from considering everything except for perfect 4ths and 5ths dissonant and unacceptable in antiquity, which gradually moved downwards, first considering thirds, and then seconds to be acceptable. It's worth noting that a minor third is slightly more dissonant than a major third by this definition.In Chopin's time his music was considered too dissonant by the standards of the time. He was pushing the boundaries of dissonance, which led to some association with angst, sadness, etc.What's curious is that while classical music eventually grew to accept any amount of dissonance, the public did not. As modern classical music grew more dissonant, classical music lovers tended to stay in love with the music that still used the more consonant intervals, ie. the classical period of the Beethovens and Mozarts. This seems to indicate that the social construct view of dissonance falls apart at some point. There is some level of inherent dissonance that people react negatively to. Similarly, and relatedly, there's reason to believe that there is a natural reaction to the more dissonant minor third, which is more inherent than a social construct. These reasons include the fundamental frequencies and overtones, which reinforce the major third before the minor third. This doesn't mean the interval itself is the only contributing factor into what is considered sad or happy. But it means you cannot discount nature entirely in this question, as you have, by using one example of one type of music from one specific era in history.
While I agree with the point that not all minor music is sad and not all major pieces are happy,  when you play two keys one after the other, not in the musical context you are discussing, purely the chords, the major does sound brighter than the minor key. To me there is something inherently different about the physical sensation upon hearing two different keys, more than educational construct.  To me the difference in sensation is almost akin to, but of course not exactly, as me looking at a red wall vs a blue wall, or eating something that taste different.  Not talking about synaesthesia here, as I'm not, just giving an example. 
I agree that happy and sad are oversimplifications. But I'd argue that there *is* a real association between major/minor and something like bright/dark (in the Western tradition).There are exceptions, of course, and skilled composers and songwriters can navigate their way through all sorts of emotional terrain. When you look at how they do it, though, you find that they're typically tonicizing other keys and toying with modality through chromaticism. Yesterday, for instance, tonicizes the (minor) submediant right off the bat. And here's an example of the opposite, a minor-key work by Brahms that I'd describe as light and playful, where the composer is hinting at major from the get-go: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EAgEkBkBNuYIt's probably worthwhile in this discussion to distinguish key, mode, and quality. And I guess what I'm saying is that darker major-key works tend to emphasize minor-quality harmonies or borrow from the minor mode, while brighter minor-key works tend to do the opposite.Finally, I *do* think that this is a science question on the psychological level. Even if we don't have good answers yet!
Good post. I have a music ed degree but I can't say I've ever really dug into finding the answer to OP'S question. I think many of us just accept these things and move on. I find it interesting too, that a key such as g minor is often considered to be the darkest minor key and Db and Ab major are considered strong major keys for warm, beautiful sounding pieces.  
> In Op 62 No 1, he uses B major for a very sad a reminiscent theme.Uhhh I don't think that counts. He's constantly using accidentals to break out of the major key.
[removed]
[removed]
> One has to look at different cultures also.This is the best answer we have. There is so much misinformation in this thread, and most of it is from a very subjective perspective itself -- that of European music.We can see in different musical cultures that developed independently of one another, different emotional associations with different musical signifiers.
Ratios of frequencies are not reliably correlated to dissonance. If it was a direct correlation, 1:0.99999999999999999999 would be extremely dissonant, in fact it sounds identical to unison (to the human ear). There is a range of frequencies called the critical band, which determines which frequencies will be heard as dissonant, vs. identical, vs. harmonizing. The width of the critical band changes throughout the range of human hearing.
> A few things that I'd like to point to which I think might contribute to the discussion. The relative degree of consonance/dissonance is directly associated with the number of cycles that are required before 2 (or more) notes repeat their patternThis is not true, or at least it's a vast oversimplification. Even in western music there's quite a bit more that contributes to a perceived consonance or dissonance, and the rest of your post is purely western music, which is clearly a subjective view (even if it has come to dominate the world over, that is because of the power of western culture, not that it's more inherently correct).
> Whereas the tritone/A4/D5 is an irrational number which when we use the same criteria takes the biggest number of cycles before resolution/repetition of the pattern compared to other intervals.It's not an irrational number because an interval is by definition a ratio. It's one note played on top of another.
I was having a discussion the other day, and I was wondering what others might think. The key defining tritone seems almost like it is hard-wired into our brain. If you play the tritone, most people would be able to hear the resolution in their head. Have their ever been any studies testing the tritone on people who have never heard western music?
this is really the answer. The harmonic series dictates the relationship between notes-- the stronger the relationship, the lest emotionally complex the sound.
How does more dissonance equal weakness? It's more like power.Edit: minors are typically not sad
I like Arabic classical music.  I don't know a lot about it from a deep technical standpoint but I do know that Arabic music uses a different scale system maqamat and of course quarter tones. I would support the cultural origin idea because the whole system is so different from western sound that it takes a while to accustom your ear to what is happening musically.         
This is so interesting! I was raised playing classical music, and a few weeks ago my Chinese boyfriend's mother sent him [this song.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EeWnkw20F8c) I was a little unsettled by the song. If I just heard the melody, I would assume it was a song expressing regret or mourning, but it's obviously celebratory. Watching it still feels pretty weird, but I guess it could be evidence for cultural differences in music perception in modern music.
There are, of course, exceptions. However, if I'm not mistaken, most East Asian music doesn't use the 12-tone system we do, typically it's pentatonic, so while it's true they defy it, that would be because it's literally impossible to represent in under 12 notes, as major and minor are only modes and modes are effectively a set of the interval from one note to another 8 times. The pentatonic scale has, as the name implies, 5 notes. It's true the typical pentatonic scale would fit into the major key, but it wouldn't fill it, it doesn't have the fourth or seventh. Assuming hemitonicism, it's pretty damn hard to be dissonant in a pentatonic scale. I also feel that suggesting that it's completely cultural is false and unscientific. The nature of the minor scale that is found sad is dissonance, and dissonance has been found to have that connotation in isolated tribes and in animals. Saying that Hava Negilah is sung in a minor key is also misleading, as it was originally an Israeli folk song, which would mean it was first performed in an entirely separate 24-tone Arabic system. It's may be true that it's performed that way now, but it wasn't meant to be. The same should be true for any older Jewish song. And looking at the sheet music for that particular song, it's not performed in a minor key. The key that can be notated in western music is minor, yes, but every F is sharpened, making it a different key not used in western music.
> A major key will lead to different types of harmony than a minor key. A major key is more inclined to create major chords. Same with a minor key and minor chords. The notes in a major chord fit together nicely.This is total nonsense.  The chords fit together EXACTLY the same.  A major key and minor key contain the same chords and the same notes.  It all depends on where your starting point is.  C major IS Am IS G mixolydian etc.  Harmonic Minor is a little different in that it's a minor scale with a major 7th so I guess if that's what you're talking about it is objectively less nice to listen to.Major keys have a nicer 3rd note.  The ratio between the root and the third is 5/4 for a major 3rd and 6/5 for a minor 3rd.  Major keys also have a more dissonant 7th note for the same reason.  But all of that is only relative to where you start.
To elaborate on this, would it be because major chords have harmonic qualities, whereas minor chords have dissonant qualities? Lining up the sound waves, do harmonic sounds create patterns at very frequent intervals, which gives them a pleasing sound to a human ear? On the contrary, minor chords will only create patterns at very infrequent intervals, which give them a dissonant and very jarring tone to the human ear? I may be talking out my ass.
> Mozart's Der Holle Rache from the Magic Flute ... goes back and forth from sad to not sad by way of 'verse' and 'chorus'Yeah, but in this case, the not sad chorus is actually in a major key, which is different than the sad verse, which is in the original minor key.Actually, it's a bit more complicated than that, but the chorus is definitely in the relative major.
Except that in the 9th symphony, there are many key changes going one, and B. makes a lot of use of the major key in it, eventually ending in it.The Mozart shifts through several key areas including flipping back between minor and major regions, complementing the text. see https://mahaliastamford.wordpress.com/2013/10/14/der-holle-rache-kocht-in-meinem-herzenetcEmotional effects in music are far more subtle than the common assumption of minor = sad
Major keys aren't inherently cheerful either. Know that [Hallelujah](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hallelujah_(Leonard_Cohen_song\)) song from Shrek? It sounds sad but it's C major
> This requires as much musical theory as it does scientific knowledge. Musical theory will give you insight into subjective musical systems, not insight into the question asked by the thread title.
This was very interesting, thank you for investing the time! It reminded me of something i have read long time ago, a philosophic discourse of the Pythagorian theory of music: http://www.sacred-texts.com/eso/sta/sta19.htm It argues, to some extent, that harmony and the effect of tonality was considered universal, its mathematical principles guiding many aspects and manifestations of nature, from music, atoms, colors to the arrangement of planets.
Saying a key is a collection of chords is a misleading oversimplification. A key revolves around a scale and the tonic. The way chords work within a key can be modified and tampered with like crazy, but when you change the scale, you signal a key change.
There have been many studies that show how music affects the brain, including those that show certain chord progressions stimulate the pleasure centers of the brain and the heightened focus of peoepl during the transitions in music centers of the brain. It's the reason so many pop songs sound the same. Marketers and song writers know this and write songs specifically for that effectOf course theres a lot more to it, but there is a neural connection to music. 
You're talking out of your ass. There is no evidence for your claim, and plenty of counter evidence that emotional response to harmonic and tone series is completely cultural. The only reason it feels so natural is because you've been raised from birth hearing these sounds and making these associations. It's very, very, culturally ingrained.
Are you sure you aren't referring to a diminished 5th (flat 5th)....??
[removed]
I agree with you, when presented with two extremes, the answer is often somewhere in the middle. It makes sense intuitively, but we don't know that our intuition is correct.
irreversible is a movie that deals with exactly that contextual rift.(thats not a viewing recommendation tho, unless you've got a strong stomach for graphic violence.. its a good movie but many people that have watched it wished they didn't).
The four right chords can make me cry / when I'm with you I feel like I could die and that would be all right...
> actual research has shown that some characteristics of music (lively vs. calming) tend to generalize between cultures while others (positive vs. negative affect) are unrecognizable outside of their original context.From what I understand, he's saying most cultures agree on what lively or calming music sounds like, but they don't usually agree whether it is positive or negative in mood.
I think it's answer enough. Say we ask the question will humans play musical instruments in environments that don't have musical instruments? The answer is of course no.If all cultures come from environments that are sufficiently similar to create specific cultural interpretations of music, then clearly that interpretation is universal to humans. We haven't proved anything about it being genetic, but that's not really what the thread is wondering about.
I was attempting to summarize the paper I linked, so it is probably more helpful than any clarifications I can provide here.Being generalized between cultures means that two people would recognize the same feature or quality despite different cultural backgrounds. It's something we would expect to occur in 100% of cases if music were natural.By unrecognizable I mean that there is some content or meaning known to the native listener that an outsider either doesn't differentiate, or interprets in a completely different manner.
Of course there are, otherwise they wouldn't sound different, but that is a different topic than the emotional association that people have with those harmonies.  Jackhammers sound different than excavators but I doubt that one makes you feel cheerful and the other upset.
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
Just to add to the conversation, minor, mathematically speaking, is more dissonant than major. I'm not qualified to speak any further without misspeaking, but the overtone series has a lot to do with it. 
Thank you for this! Elsewhere in this thread I was just in the middle of arguing the physical basis for overlapping frequencies resulting in harmony, but I hadn't considered the role of expectation.If you're not accustomed to listening to harmonies then I can see how you might go where's the conflict?! this story is boring!
Except that they don't. See here for the frequency ratios and some good explanation: http://www.phy.mtu.edu/~suits/chords.htmlMajor - 4:5:6Minor - 10:12:15Same intervals, different order, different amount of dissonance. 
No, not the same differences between frequencies, because they are logarithmic.
While I do agree with you, I think the argument needs to be related to the tonic of the scale, or more so the root of the chord. In a C major chord, there is a major third relationship to the tonic, and a perfect 5th relationship also to the tonic. Both very strong, non dissonant relationships to the note which grounds/defines the chord. The minor 3rd between E and G is there, and is more dissonant than a major 3rd would be (from the E, i mean. I know if we had two major 3rds itd be an augmented 5th which is a no.)Whereas, in the minor case, you have a perfect 5th again, but a minor relationship to the root of the chord. The strong major 3rd is related to the mediant, and hence doesn't give necessarily as much to the overall emotion of the chord as it does when its related to the root. That's how it seems to me, anyway. 
Nah. Humans hear the root and the interval from it. The minor chord has a minor 3rd, and the major has a major third (from the root). Period, end of story
Yeah, I see what you mean there. Assigning happiness to more harmony and sadness to less harmony is where it becomes subjective.Your brain can easily detect the presence or absence of harmony in mixed sounds, but how you react to that could be socially conditioned and have different effects within different cultural contexts.
Then allow me to define consonance as a timeframe containing waveforms which each possess natural beat periods that coincide at regular time intervals many times within the frame and dissonance as a timeframe containing waveforms which each possess natural beat periods that do not coincide as often as those in a consonant pattern.These features are not subjective.
The more generally you look, the less the correlation between modality and certain emotions holds. I am most familiar with Chopin's music, so that's my perspective personally. Many cultures' music doesn't include either the major or minor modalities, such as traditional Indian music or Gamelan, for instance. 
Not to be a dick, but do you have a source for that?
I've addressed that in another comment, I agree there is an inherently different sound to the minor third. I'm just saying those are two particular modalities and whether it's Chopin, The Beatles, Gamelan, or traditional Indian music, none of those famous bodies of work supports the happy/sad dichotomy of major/minor. This is simply a teaching heuristic, many music educators build up this difference between major/minor from their first introduction.   The use of lyrics and tempi seems to me to be the two biggest determining factors in the happy or sad qualities of a piece, whereas modality would be far less determinant.
There certainly is something inherently different. If you look at the overtone series for a C note, you'll see it includes the C an octave up, then the G, then a number of other tones including F, D, E, and more C's and G's. There is not an E-flat tone in there, therefore one may try to argue there is an inherent tendency towards a major chord. I'm not sure I buy that since the volume of the E overtone would tend to be a very small % mixture of the sound.    The fact they are inherently different sounding is true, but happy and sad are conveyed more by lyrics and tempo than modality. In general, sad or down pieces have a lower tempo, whereas happy pieces tend to be more upbeat. I think this connects to the physicality of music, both playing of it and dancing to it. Also, things like marching band, hype music, jingles, these tend to be upbeat as well. 
I think you're thinking too narrowly about only the harmonic aspects of music. You've ignored lyrics, tempi, syncopation, figuration, melody, and a host of other factors which are arguably far more important towards conveying happiness and sadness.    Also, the OP's question says considered and nurtured which inherently draws upon education and musical culture. OP is referring to society at large, why do they have an erroneous belief in this dichotomy? I don't think the quite subtle physical properties of the sound are important to laymen, all they hear is basic music theory and the most popular music. If this is your knowledge of music, it would be easy to fall into the major/happy heuristic which is pushed out by music educators.    I propose a simple experiment for this effect. Ask randomly selected individuals to gauge whether or not a piece is happy or sad via only its lyrics, only its harmonies, or the full version. If you're playing an abstracted chordal version, I hypothesize it'd be far harder to identify a sad song, whereas the lyrics only would make it nearly as easy as the full version. The music generally follows the lyrics in most songs, so as long as someone has basic verbal reasoning skills, they should identify the sad topic of the song. 
Part of that may be because of strings.  With Db and Ab, there's no resonance with open strings, which gives a more open sound.  G min, on the other hand, has all 5 notes unstopped notes of an orchestral string section (C G D A for viola/cello/bass, G D A E for violin) which means it will have a very full, rich, powerful sound. Keys which don't resonate with open strings will result in a significantly different sound from the whole string section.
That's true, but then again that's true of basically every piece by Chopin, Bach, and many other greats.  It just proves that simple definitions of happy and sad can not be applied in a blanket fashion to the highly complex musical pieces simply because they are in major or minor. This is why the educational construct pushed forward and observed by OP is incorrect. Major keys and scales are useful to learn for beginners, but they have no inherent emotion to them, only what is built up around them. 
[removed]
True but there is a tendency in al cultures to have minor song sadder than major, minor being slower than major and so on. It is harder to compare directly but i'm sure we can see major trend that in every human culture, minor key songs are on average slower and sadder than those in major key. I' quite sure we can also see a lot of other similarities, like turning things on their heads, having almost cliche sad song style from previous generations can be make happy, satiric.In overall sense, all i could say that trying to come up with blanket statements like all sad songs are in minor or looking at it from european viewpoints will not work.. Even what i said is dubious at best; possibly there is statistical significance in what keys songs are in average considering the overall trend in the music/culture and that bias is towards sad = minor key.
From your own link  Examples of perceptual universals include pitch perception, octave generalization, categorical perception of discrete scale pitches, melodic stream segregation, and perception of melodic contourThis is what I'm talking about. The universals and how they match up with the math.The example of 1:0.99999999 being dissonant is taking the argument to the absurd. I specifically gave examples of the cultural order of consonance and dissonance relating to the order of the calculated ratios. Musical techniques such as vibrato are a clear example of intervals not requiring absolute mathematical precision in order to be perceived as any given interval. This is obvious. The point is simply that when you do the math, and observe universal cultural ideas around dissonance as they relate to intervals you get the same order. Given that we get the same order, we can assume an underlying structure which is mathematical. Ratios of frequency are reliably correlated to dissonance because they are categorised within the range you are talking about, each category can be clearly ordered using the the ratio and we can then use this to compare to cultural norms.If we look at the statistics, the vast majority of music does have a mood-perception correlation across cultures. Finding a handful of exceptions simply demonstrates that context has the potential to overwrite melodic/harmonic norms, which we also know due to the number of music graduates who claim to hear music like 12 tone composition as consonant. This is all assuming that music is being perceived in the same way across the groups without any form of amusia interfering with the results.Music is clearly a case of nature first, then nurture.
and further, dissonance doesn't reliably correlate to perception of mood (the most famous examples being gamelan and eastern european dance music, both using objectively dissonant frequency combinations and perceived as positive by native participants).
Frequencies are interpolated by the brain around 100 cents difference in Western muscians. Your argument is thus not valid, because it does not take the pitch resolution of the human brain into account.
The question was about the major and minor keys. Why wouldn't a reply to a question about western music relate to western music? I didn't say it was the whole story, just factors that contribute to the story.
sqrt(2) in the tuning system I'm referring to. It is rounded. Sqrt(2) is irrational. Talking about the maths of the tuning system not the practicalities of reality. 
The minor scale isn't dissonant any more than the major scale is dissonant. It's groups of notes together that make a chord dissonant. As for Judaism, there are plenty of other examples, including Erev shel shoshanim (E minor, also sung at weddings) and Hatikvah, the Israeli national anthem (also E minor). Noting that the origin of Hatikvah was actually an Italian love song (La Mantovana), later reappropriated into a nationalist symphonic poem a la Smetana's Vltava.I would at least suggest that minor-sounding keys are not always considered sad.
That's pretty much it honestly. Dissonance was a word that completely left my vocabulary when I wrote that comment haha. We arbitrarily associate dissonance with spookyness or discomfort. Also by we I mainly mean western culture. Different cultures have different associations with certain types of harmonies.
I'm not sure I believe this idea that minor chords have less resonance. A minor chord has the same intervals as a major chord, just in a different order so there will still be the same amount of resonance - just between different notes in the chord. Major chord intervals: 4, 3, 5Minor chord: 3, 4, 5A dissonant chord like an augmented or diminished chord however is Augmented: 4, 4, 4Diminished: 3, 3, 6
> Musical theory will give you insight into subjective musical systemsYou might be surprised by the relationship of musical theory to mathematics.  for examplehttps://arxiv.org/abs/1604.02698https://arxiv.org/abs/1611.03175https://arxiv.org/abs/1702.00284https://arxiv.org/abs/1612.03519https://arxiv.org/abs/1612.01860https://arxiv.org/abs/1611.02249https://arxiv.org/abs/1610.00468---Here is a recent research paper on consonancehttps://arxiv.org/abs/1610.04551Advanced Music theory is very much entwined with science and math. The above papers are not unusual for advanced music theory, and have mostly nothing to do with psychology. You might find them interesting.
Everything on here is going to be an extreme over-simplification as we are taking about music theory.  For the uninitiated, my point still applies that there are many types of chords that can be played within the context of a minor key, etc.  Music theory is not complex, it's just being able to see the patterns in your head.  That's impossible to explain in a reddit comment.I was breaking things down even further than a chord.  You can see why two notes feel the way they do when you think about them as rhythms, because that's exactly what they are.  They are just frequencies that fit nicely or chaotically with each other resulting in our perceived mood from the harmonization.
My impression was that there was an ongoing debate about the topic and that no one really knows if culture or biology has more to do with the way we respond to music. The notion that our affective response to music is completely cultural and there are no psychophisical and/or neural mechanisms which guide it seems improbable.Can you provide the evidence you are talking about?
You're absolutely correct. I've got too much going on today. Good call.
[removed]
[removed]
This is two cultures though, when you look at other cultures you find different differences. Something as basic as the octave does not exist as an equivalency across cultures.
I don't think the answer to that question is of course 'no'.Every known culture has some form of music. It might (literally) be in our DNA. I think a better interpretation of the study posted by seventeenletters is that while some of these characteristics of music are definitely cultural, some are probably innate. Check out https://books.google.com/books?id=vYQEakqM4I0C&printsec=frontcover#v=onepage&q&f=false
[removed]
[removed]
I'm relatively qualified to speak on the subject, and that's exactly what I was going to say. 
The trouble is the math doesn't actually work out that way. The western major scale doesn't actually use intervals with simple ratios. The system that uses the simple ratios is [Pythagorean tuning](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pythagorean_tuning). It works fine for purely diatonic music, but modern western music has an assumption that one key is (roughly, depending on who you ask) as good as another. That doesn't work with Pythagorean tuning. In reality, for there to be 12 keys, you don't get nice ratios.
Great link! This is exactly what I was getting at. Triads work because of their overlapping harmonics, which makes them consonant.When the harmonics do not quite overlap, they sound more dissonant.Now, the fact that we associate consonance with happy and dissonance with sad could be socially conditioned, but being pleased with matching and displeased with not matching just seems to me like the expected reaction to such stimuli.
It makes sense to me. Everything in music theory is relative to key. I still think how we perceive a tonic or 'root note' may differ from culture to culture but essentially dissonance is dissonance and our ears/brains react to it in a certain way.
Maybe think of it in terms of a guitarist playing power chords. Take the thirds out of the equation. Do A and E from C Major have tendencies to lead in different directions when they become flattened in C minor? 
Again, those features are not subjective. That you ascribe them to consonance and dissonance is.
It's well known within DJ circles.  I have a large collection of electronic/dance music in different genres from the 80s to the present. Probably 90% are natural minor key.I found a link from someone who analyzed their collection in MixedInKey. https://lostinmusik.wordpress.com/2011/04/11/is-there-a-correct-key-to-write-dance-music-in-the-short-answer-is-yes/Also, a whole thread about this topic here: https://www.reddit.com/r/edmproduction/comments/smii1/til_most_of_edm_tracks_are_composed_in_minor_keys/
No source other than being able to tell whether a piece of music is major or minor as well as being an EDM fan (and producer). But as /u/kappsta said, it's well known among DJs and I'd assume anyone with a trained ear who listens to EDM.
I agree with your concluding paragraph. But it's not entirely congruent with your other statements about the major/minor happy/sad dichotomy being purely a social construct. It isn't. There are physical reasons for this and there is evidence that this translates into an inherent link between the two across cultures. Just because other factors are more determinant doesn't mean this factor isn't determinant at all. 
This plays into the issue of consonance vs dissonance. A minor chord, for the reason you described, is by definition more dissonant than a major chord, and there have been some universal preferences shown for consonance vs dissonance. This could be associated with the tendency for people to generally prefer being happy rather than sad. 
Sure, there are other factors besides harmony.But you brought up examples of not-so-happy major-key works and not-so-sad minor-key works to support the claim that there's no association at all. My response is that there *is* an association (but it's more bright/dark than happy/sad), and that composers often exploit it on a micro-level to undercut it on a macro-level (e.g., emphasizing minor in a major-key work to darken the music).As for the OP's question, read it again. He isn't asking why society has an erroneous belief. He's asking whether the association is more a nature thing or more a nurture thing (Is this a nurtured trait or a natural predisposition?). That *is* a question for psychology to answer, though I'm not sure that we really have a good answer yet beyond It's surely a combination of both nature and nurture, as most things are.
That's an excellent point. I'm a euphonium player and because of that we tend to borrow from other insturments to fill out our repritoire, being a fairly young instrument and all. Cello music is one of our go-tos and I always noticed how most of it is written in G, D, and C to accommodate for the instrument and the musician.  
Chopin broke out of the key in a very different way than Bach. They composed in different eras, when different levels of dissonance were acceptable, and Chopin pushed the boundaries of dissonance. Bach kept the chords relatively consonant at all times compared to Chopin. He merely modulated the key and kept the chords within the established confines of acceptable dissonance. When he used accidentals it was really modulating the key entirely. Chopin used accidentals to add dissonance to the keys he was already in, in addition to the modulating type. This increased dissonance contributed to the sad sound. 
[removed]
Minor and major key are assuming a western musical system. Other cultures not only do not ascribe to western harmony, but do not even use the same notes and scales (as in the notes aren't on a western piano, not just a different order of piano keys).
Man I would love to have a long dinner with the two of you, I sometimes have to explain the difference between 12-tone music as westerners are used to and the dissonance inherent in it to musicians (well, guitarists anyway) who have just noticed it and am well out of my depth, I'd pick up the tab to listen to you two battle it out!! 
Finding specific cases where an overgeneralization does not apply is not absurd, it's scientific. If there are exceptions, we need to be able to describe a more subtle and accurate rule.
I'm not saying interval ratios are not part of the story, but they are a small part of a much more complex story.You can make any interval of pitches that is not inside a critical band into a consonant one by suppressing harmonics that produce dissonances. As a concrete example of this you can combine any pair of pitches without dissonance by a) ensuring they are both very low and b) at least one of them lacks higher harmonics. There are also algorithms to synthesize chords made of (nearly) arbitrary pitch combinations without dissonance by suppressing the harmonics which would create dissonant combinations.The ratio of the pitches is a rule of thumb. It's a very useful one for the craft of making music, but it isn't causal and isn't a scientific rule.
because of the nurtured trait or natural predisposition bit. If something exists one subjective musical system but not another, then this points to nurtured.
Your first sentence is entirely true, maybe I wasn't clear. I was trying to say that the intervals possessed in the minor scale have the potential for more dissonance than those in the major.I would absolutely agree that minor-sounding keys are not always sad, I would just say they're more liable to sound as such.
Music is also a form of comedy, uses very much the same kind of mechanisms, has hooks and repetition, expectation and surprise twists. it can be sarcastic and in many ways, that is the way i see a lot of jewish music. It is sad but happy, just like life is... The way for nagila hava goes, you kind of think that it should be happy, but when the next note shows it is actually just a bit short of being happy, it brings this layer of maybe sarcasm in it. Or maybe it is that it doesn't give you what you want, that instant gratification but you have to listen the whole cycle first to know why the notes are what they are.. One thing i know, the song sucks balls in major key. Try it.. Had that in practice material when learning clarinet and was toying around with minor and major back then just for fun (it does make people laugh in rehearsals, was studying chords and rhythm guitar primarily, woodwinds were just for work, instrument repair apprentice)
Not sure this is correct. Minor and major keys are really identical (see Am and C scales for example, or any other pair of minor/major scales with the same distance in frequency).I believe the answer has more to do with natural resonance of additional harmonies of a single note. For example, the first harmony of c would be c that's one octave higher, than the fifth note of the scale on the next octave (g), followed by the third note of the scale (e), creating a major harmony, and so on, going higher in octaves. At some point the minor notes come in. What I mean is that major harmonies are more easily heard by most humans as they are heard at lower frequencies, which may account for some psychological representation of cheerful.
Your right because certain intervals 'sound' dissonant to different cultures. The 'devils interval' sounds discordant to people who are less used to hearing it as well even if they're played as single notes. Augmented 4ths can also be played scherzando of con spirito  
Fair enough, there needs to be a distinction between musical theory (art) and the study of the physical properties of music. I was using the former meaning; the latter could possibly yield some insight into objective properties of music.However, glancing through these (thanks for the links, a couple sound interesting and I'll check them out), they are starting from the subjective framework of European music. They are not addressing nature vs nurture, they are looking for patterns within a system of music that we already know is to some extent defined by environment.
> Everything on here is going to be an extreme over-simplification as we are taking about music theory. No, it's not.You do realize that music theory is completely unscientific, right? Just like musicology is not a science, despite the -ology suffix. It's just music history, like art history. Your comment reeks of it's so very complicated, I won't even bother trying to explain it because you wouldn't understand smugness which I see in art, film and music students. I have a performance degree from one of the very best music schools in the U.S., btw, so it's definitely *not* over my head.
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
Well, I mean, I've been studying music since I was a kid, went to college for music, and teach music, but I'm still not qualified when it comes to physics. 
Yeah. It's called he tempered scale. But it's designed to mimic the Pythagorean tuning and deceive the ears into thinking it's in tune. It's important to remember that Pythagorean tuning causes severe problems over the course of several octaves outside of the root key. That's why Eb and D# aren't actually the same note. But the concept is still there. In a way, enforces it through the same idea of increased dissonance (out of tune) past out of key (outside of diatonic scale), even further past out of the chord to not the same note.
Quality ensembles (like a professional orchestra) will, unless playing with something with fixed tuning like a piano or organ, tune to perfect temperament for chords to achieve the proper spacing that is impossible from equal temperament. Even in school band, we'd practice sustaining chords and doing this. Make the third a decent bit flat and the fifth ever so slightly sharp and you have a perfect temperament major triad.
I think those words must carry connotations that I'm not aware of. If that's the case then let's call them lots of points of physical harmonic agreement per second and fewer points of physical harmonic agreement per second.Unfortunately, if I start trying to use the names LOPOPHAPS AND FEPOPHAPS people are going to wonder why I don't just use terms the terms that musicians are already familiar with.
I'm not sure how much you've looked into early music, but it's more harmonically diverse than you might expect. If you look at a lot of Bach works especially, he sometimes uses quite a lot of chromaticism and dissonance (obviously nothing groundbreaking by modern standards, but it's interesting nonetheless). A lot of chords actually aren't really consonant at all. 
1:0.9999999999 is not an exception. It is missing the point. The point is simply that we categorise intervals, this is a universal characteristic of music perception. The cultural categorisation of intervals matches the mathematical categorisation of intervals. That's it... yes, we perceive a whole range of intervals as the same category of interval for a whole host of reasons, but the outcome is still true. Relating to your other post about a scientific rule. This in an empirical observation about the reality of interval perception as it relates to most music, most of the time. Just because you can manipulate pitch to create illusions does not alter the fact that the observation is true the vast majority of the time for most people. This could not be the case unless there were a mechanism that allows all humans to perceive music because of one or more structures which are of a genetic cause. I'm not saying that I know what that set of structures are, but I am saying that the observation is sufficient to say that the structures are mathematical in nature and to do with our pattern recognition and ability to observe proportion (the same processes/structures which allow us to to maths). Again, this is nature first, then nurture. As is the case with many other phenomenon that we study in psychology.
Violin student here-This is half it - back when Just Intonation was in use, notes were indeed related in whole-number ratios. The result is that the natural resonant frequency between two notes would often be that of another note on the same scale.In the case of just intonation based on A, and playing a A major chord:* playing an A and a E together would produce a natural harmonic of A (one octave below)* playing A and C^# together would produce A(2 octaves below)* playing C^# and E together produces A(2 octaves below)All these harmonics are the same, and they're all the root note of the chord. Also, two of these harmonics are the same and are both very low in pitch. You get a very solid, grounded, consonant chord with a wider pitch range than originally anticipated.If you tried that with an A minor chord:* A and E would produce the same A (one octave below)* A and C produces *F* (the nearest one below A)* C and E produces C (an octave below that C)Here all the harmonics are different - you get one harmonic which isn't even in the original chord, and there much less emphasis on the root. No harmonics are the same, and the pitch range is smaller. One harmonic even clashes very harshly with another note (F against E). The result is a chord that feels very unstable and has moderate dissonance.Edit: More words
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
right, maybe I'm being terse. The concepts of musically at rest and in tension (to use different words for clarity's sake) are not objectively linked to beat frequencies. In European music there is a general musical derivation from the harmonic series so that things lower on the harmonic series sound more consonant (subjective term --- consonant to the subjective European music system), but not nearly to the extent one can assign a subjective term like consonance to an objective measurement like beat frequencies.
 I have a music degree with a fairly strong focus on theory and history. For the record, Bach isn't early music. You're absolutely right that Bach uses dissonance, I was generalizing very broadly and speaking relative to Chopin. His use of dissonance varies significantly from Chopin's. Bach was using dissonance as a way to get from A to B. It was always resolving. His tonal centres were consonant and his counterpoint ran through dissonance temporarily from consonance to consonance. It is the constant pull of tension and resolution, with resolution occurring regularly and on the major chord changes. Chopin on the other hand often sits on dissonance and resolves it with more dissonance. The end result is a very different experience of the tension. 
But there is a science of hearing, and we have definitive proof that we don't hear ratio, we hear conflicts or congruence in the basal membrane within regions of congruence.We can prove that we hear overlaps in a critical band but we cannot hear ratios because sounds that are crafted to avoid the critical band overlaps of frequencies between their spectra are not perceived as discordant, regardless of ratio of fundamental frequencies in the pitches.Ratio is a good rule of thumb, it helps predict which pairs of frequencies a human listener will likely perceive as discordant. But it is not causal, we don't have a sense for ratio between pitches. All the music theory about ratios is not science, it's a (well honed) craft to aid music composition. Its claims directly contradicted by research of the biological mechanisms of hearing.
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
Actually, that's also true with pitch dynamics as you move toward lower pitches.The musical scale increases logarithmically, so the lower the pitch, the smaller the difference in frequency between each note. The difference between a C0 (16.35 Hz) and an E0 (20.60 Hz) is only about 4 hz. But the difference between a C7 (2093 Hz) and an E7 (2637.02 Hz) is over 500 Hz!I think you might find [this table](http://www.phy.mtu.edu/~suits/notefreqs.html) informative.
Fair enough, I totally agree with everything you just said. (And good call on the terminology, I had no idea 'early music' didn't encompass the entire Baroque era.)
[perfectly happy to accept the research you are referring to](http://www.phys.uconn.edu/~gibson/Notes/Section7_3/Sec7_3.htm).Whether or not something is in proportion at a simple ratio which does not conflict with the overtone series, when fed into this system, is the cause of our perception of consonance/dissonance. So, this system is subject to the mathematical proportions that I'm talking about. If something is 1:1 we are all happy to say it is consonant. When fed into the system it has less dissonance than 3:2 or 5:4. This gets worse until we get to 1:sqrt(2). We have music which uses these proportions and the system interprets them in a distinct order. This matches with cultural norms, so while I am happy to say that the ratios fall apart at low frequency (something that anyone who has ever used a piano could have told us) this does not mean that the system does not have a mathematical relationship. Musical notes have upper partials, and this cannot be avoided. These upper partials happen to be mathematical in construction and unavoidable when analysing what is happening with perception. So while it's fine to say that the frequencies are irrelevant when talking about manipulated systems, you cannot reasonably say that it is not relevant to real music.You are saying that we don't sense ratio, but in fact the system as described does a very good job of being able to tell the difference between ratios i.e. we can tell the difference between 2:1 and 3:2 when played on an instrument.[This is a good example](http://moodle.wmchs.net/pluginfile.php/450/mod_folder/content/0/PTE000486.pdf?forcedownload=1) of the reality of music and how intervals that aren't at simple ratios cause greater complexity in the input.
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
>  If something is 1:1 we are all happy to say it is consonant. When fed into the system it has less dissonance than 3:2 or 5:4.Two sine waves of ratio 103:151 will show no dissonance, but you will hear dissonance if you replace the sine waves with notes having harmonics.All of those other than 1:1 are far too large for a basilar membrane overlap. The dissonances are not between the base pitches (in fact pitch is much too messy for this kind of precise analysis), but between the harmonics, and are all somewhere around a half step (unless you go to very low frequencies).Upper partials are trivial to avoid via musical instrument construction and technique, there's a reason that violins don't sound like banjos. Flutes lack upper partials almost entirely (in normal usage at least).What's sensed by a critical band overlap is not the ratio of two pitches, but overlap within individual partials, ratios of pitches is just a rule of thumb that can help predict those overlaps given conventional instruments and technique (with enough but not too many upper harmonics to play by those rules).
[removed]
So really you are saying that the overlap is the only consideration to dissonance. Yes. Agree.What causes the overlap? Partials caused by fundamentals which are not at a simple ratio. This makes it a system capable of taking input and putting that input into an order of consonance based on overlap. That overlap happens when the ratios are not simple. So the system can perceive ratio and interprets that as relative consonance/dissonance. If this is not the case, ignoring a unison, find an interval that is more consonant than an octave.
[removed]
but key differing elements here are that it doesn't rely on an unconventional definition of interval (in mainstream mathematics, 1 and 0.999999999 don't have any low common multiples), it has a precise, measurable, and predictive definition of when dissonance occurs and what close enough is, which takes into account the qualities of individual instruments and melodies in question (our ears are much pickier in some ranges than others), and it generally makes precise a number of otherwise vague rules, without needing to refer to the concept of intervals of low numbers at all.Regarding an octave, it's trivial to make a dissonant octave between two double bass, playing a very low note arco, with the bow close enough to the bridge that they expose harmonics that are dissonant not only with each other but within each individual note.
From the [Wikipedia article on proton decay](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Proton_decay):>Some beyond-the-Standard Model grand unified theories (GUTs) explicitly break the baryon number symmetry, allowing protons to decay via the Higgs particle, magnetic monopoles or new X bosons with a half-life of 10^(31) to 10^(36) years.It's also worth mentioning that nature seems to obey the [totalitarian principle](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Totalitarian_principle):  anything not forbidden is compulsory.  In other words, if a decay is *allowed* to happen, then it *will* happen (or rather, it has some probability to occur within a given time period; if multiple decay modes are available, only one of them will occur of course).So in the standard model, protons do not decay because there is no decay mode available to them which satisfies all of the necessary conservation laws, in particular conservation of baryon number.  In most GUTs, baryon symmetry is broken which means baryon number is no longer a strict conservation law, so decay modes for the proton become available which violate baryon number.Hope that helps!
Grand unification combines the strong, weak, and electromagnetic forces into a single master force.  Doing this requires embedding the known forces in a larger structure, and that larger structure is going to create processes that would not exist without unification (if you don't have something new, all you have is the Standard Model, after all).Just as this master force will combine the known forces into something larger, it will take the known particles and link them in ways beyond what the standard model does.The net effect, generally, will be forces that link the quarks in leptons.  Whereas in the Standard Model, the processes we observe preserve the net number of quarks (number of quarks minus the number of antiquarks) and the net number of leptons, the new features in the grand unified theory will allow these numbers to change.  And thus the proton will no longer be stable, as there are lighter states with positive charge and the necessary spin.A little detail: The Standard Model has some unobserved, extraordinarily rare processes known as [sphalerons](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sphaleron) that lead to proton decay.  I forget the exact number, but they imply a proton life of something like 10^(130) years, but it is possible that there was a point in the very early universe where sphaleron processes were relevant.
> if a decay is allowed to happen, then it will happenOn a more general level, is this just another way of saying that in this universe, all systems will seek their lowest energy state?
>  sphaleronsThank you!  This is the first I have heard of that word.  Edit:  Another add-on question.  Would the end state of our universe differ if proton decay does happen?  Would the end results be the same?  I am assuming the favored model right now is expansion until heat death when all particles are too far apart from each other to interact meaning that there can be no more computation?Edit 2:  sphalerons have only been mentioned 28 times in the history of Reddit!  http://apiv2.pushshift.io/reddit/comment/search/?q=sphalerons
*Sort of*.  You might think of it as a corollary or consequence of the totalitarian principle, rather than a restatement of it.In order to satisfy the relevant conservation laws, decays typically have additional degrees of freedom for energy to occupy.  For example, many decays look like a single particle decaying into two particles.  Both of those particles will need a nonzero energy, so some of the energy in the decaying particle will go into each of the decay products.  Consistent with the laws of thermodynamics, energy will tend to spread itself evenly across all available degrees of freedom.Now, if the decay products all stayed in the same place and stayed as part of the same bound system, there might also be no reason why the decay products could not itself decay (i.e. fluctuate) back into the original state.  This is for example what happens in some forms of [neutral particle oscillation](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Neutral_particle_oscillation).But typically the decayed state is not bound like the original state is, so the parts fly off, taking some of the original state's energy (and maybe also some quantum numbers) with them, thus making it impossible to recreate the original state again -- though you can recreate it manually by collecting the parts and putting them all back together with enough available kinetic energy to produce the original state; this is essentially the same idea as what particle colliders do, for example when the LHC creates Higgs bosons (which then of course immediately decay back into the decay products).  It's quite more complicated than that in reality but that's the high-level overview anyway.Hope that helps.
Yes, it makes a difference if protons can decay or not.  Let's just assume infinite time for things to go on.  If proton decay is possible, i.e., if baryon number is not conserved, eventually all the protons and neutrons in the universe would decay, and we'd be left in a universe of photons, electrons, positrons, neutrinos, and antineutrinos.  (With a universe with everything spread apart, positrons and electrons could exist without a reasonable chance of encountering each other and annihilating.)  If protons can't decay, then the net number of protons and neutrons can't change, so they'd persist.  Also, barring a big rip scenario or something like it, after something like 10^(1500) years, you'd expect to find the protons and neutrons forming iron nuclei.  You'd probably find [this Wikipedia page](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Timeline_of_the_far_future) and perhaps [this article (PDF)](http://blog.regehr.org/extra_files/dyson.pdf) by Freeman Dyson interesting.Edit: Omitted word added.
Thank you!  Both of your answers were very helpful and I appreciate you taking the time to type up your responses.
black holes must be significantly heavier than the Planck mass M_P, which is about 22 g. Anything quite heavier can form a (extremely short-lived unless it is really heavy) black hole, while anything quite lighter cannot. So yes, poppy seed is good, *E. coli* bacterium doesn't work.Imagine you have an object lighter than M_P and you're trying to compress it to inside its Schwarzschild radius, which is smaller than the Planck length l_P. In fact, ignoring some pesky numerical factors, you have the formula M / M_P ~ R / l_Pwhere R is the Schwarzschild radius of the mass M, the radius in which you'd have to compress M to make it a black hole. Since at the length scale of l_P smooth classical spacetime stops existing to give way to a quantum foam, for R to be smaller than l_P sounds already fishy. But you try anyway. What you find is that well before your compressing mass even reaches the Planck length, in compressing it you have already given it a lot of energy, which increases its mass (through E = Mc^(2)). In the end, it turns out you have made it into a black hole with M >> M_P and R >> l_P. 
It is possible that quantum [black holes can be created](https://home.cern/about/physics/extra-dimensions-gravitons-and-tiny-black-holes) at for example the hadron collider in Cern. If that happens, they would evaporate in around 10^-27 seconds. 
Any amount of matter could (theoretically) be crushed into a small enough area that it would create a black hole. However, black holes decay over time, due to a process called Hawking radiation. The less massive they are, the faster this process happens, and the more violent it becomes. Your poppy seed would need to be crushed to an incomprehensibly tiny, but still physically viable size. It would then become a black hole, whereupon it would explode immediately (meaning, after an incomprehensibly short time) in a fashion comparable to that of a nuclear weapon, equivalent to the amount of mass in the poppy seed multiplied by the square of the speed of light (**EDIT:** the total conversion of a single poppy seed would actually provide about 200 times the amount of energy *we receive* from the ordinary burning of a single gallon of gasoline, which in itself is capable of moving a several-thousand-pound vehicle at high speeds for dozens of miles; take that, multiply by 200 times, and imagine it expressed instantly as a flash of heat and light, ~~and a shockwave~~ (no shockwave out in space; would be a different story in an atmosphere, which is what I was thinking with the example)).In comparison, the largest black hole in existence has an event horizon that's about 40 times the diameter of Pluto's orbit, and it will likely not decay for about a googol ( 10^100 ) years. That's a very large number, considering there are about 7.5 * 10^18 grains of sand on Earth, and 10^82 atoms in the observable universe.
If you condensed a poppy seed down to a black hole then took an open palm swat at it, what would happen? Could you move it, would it be so dense it goes through your hand? Would the mysterious forces of gravity make your hand explode?
> Could a poppy seed become a black hole if crushed to small enough space ?Yes, but it would blow up immediately.Black holes emit Hawking radiation. The smaller the hole, the stronger the radiation, which makes the hole even smaller, which makes the radiation even stronger... repeat until KABOOM.A poppy seed is pretty much at the size (I mean mass) where it goes kaboom in an instant. The energy equivalent of the mass of a poppy seed is a small tactical nuke. Do not try this at home.
If you rearrange the Schwarzchild radius formula to solve for mass, you get m = r*c^(2)/(2G), where m is the mass of an object required to form a black hole given its radius is r; c and G are the speed of light and the gravitational constant, respectively. Given the smallest possible distance in physics is the Planck length (~1.6*10^(-35)m), let's use that as the radius. Plugging things in, we get: 1.6x10^(-35)x(300,000,000)^(2)/(2x6.67x10^(-11)) ~= 1.08x10^(-8)kg.Wolfram Alpha confirms this with a result of 1.088 * 10^(-8)kg or 0.01088 milligrams (which is also, apparently, approximately the mass of 4 grains of sand).I just realised you also asked about a poppy seed. While we can assume that it is more massive than 4 grains of sand, let's calculate the Schwarzchild radius nonetheless (using Wolfram Alpha's estimate of 2.8 grams):r = 2(6.67x10^(-11)x(0.028)/(300,000,000)^(2) = 4.15x10^(-29)m, around a million Planck lengths.**TL;DR: The smallest amount of matter needed is 1.09x10^(-8)kg, or approximately 4 grains of sand, so yes, a poppy seed could become a black hole.**
After reading all the comments about how much power a black hole would produce, etc, entirely hypothetically, what if we contained a black hole with a field of influence the size of approximately a golf ball, and harnessed the electricity from said black hole from any method possible, would that even be possible, or effective?
I think it's worth mentioning that both matter and energy warp spacetime, so enough of either can warp it severely enough for all trajectories to end at the singularity.If enough photons are gathered together in a small enough volume their combined energy will create a black hole. This is called a [Kugelblitz](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kugelblitz_(astrophysics\)).     Photons (the force carriers for light) do not have mass. So no mass is required for a black hole to exist.
[removed]
> What is the smallest amount of matter needed to create a black hole ?ZeroA black hole is formed by a concentration of energy. Mass is the most obvious way to get such a concentration, but it's not actually necessary (https://arxiv.org/abs/0805.3880). Interestingly, the black hole once created does have mass just as if it were created by concentration of mass.
Theres a thing called Schwarzschild-radius.It describes the space on wich a goven mass has to be compressed to collapse into a black hole.In theory every ammount of mass can do this.These black wholes will not get any bigger though, because they still have the same gravitation, as the combined masses had before  collapsing.Black wholes are often mispresented as objects, that  will suck in everything that comes close to them.That is true for super massive black wholes but not for smaller ones. Smaller ones can have orbiting planets just like the sun does. They dont effect these planets more than the sun does.So black wholes might be more common arround you than you think. 
Along this same vein, maybe you guys can answer something that I've kicked around a bit.Since black holes are incredibly massive *for their relative size*, but don't create additional mass, would they necessarily start sucking everything around them up?For example, if the earth was to collapse into a black hole for some reason, would it immediately suck up the moon, or would the black hole simply continue earth's normal orbit around the sun with the moon in its normal orbit around the now much smaller, but still the same total mass, earth?
is there like a 'neutral force' in the universe that every other force is compared to? it seems like for a black hole to exist it must be much denser *in relation* to some other force around it, so is there a common neutral force across the entire universe? probably a stupid question
There is no limit to matter in either direction. The formation of a black hole is entirely about density. There is an amount necessary to create one in a realistic situation, but it's kinda vague. AFAIK, it's about 8 times the mass of the sun, as the core of a star going SuperNova. So, the original Star needs to have at least 16 times the mass of our sun, roughly.
Can a black hole's lifespan be calculated? What size asteroid (planet?) would turn into a one hour duration?
What would happen if a small black hole made from a poppy seed came in contact with me? Would it start to suck mass out of my cells or what?
How is the planck mass so large compared to atomic scales, when planck length and planck time are so small? Does the planck mass signify something, like planck length and planck time do?
So... kugelblitz? 
So, are you saying that in attempting to create a black hole from something smaller than M_P, you inadvertently make it heavier than M_P, and that's the reason why something smaller than M_P can't form a black hole? (disregarding the lack of classical space time at that scale)
There are hypotheses that the actual Planck mass could be much lower (potentially low enough to be within reach of the LHC), thanks to small extra dimensions. Currently there is no experimental evidence backing those ideas, but they are possible.
I thought you could theoretically create a black hole with lasers. So m=0 (not accounting for the mass equivalent)?
I've seen other places where people have talked about short-lived black holes (maybe created in particle accelerators?).  Why are some black holes short-lived?  What happens to them to end them?  Do they end up collecting too much mass or something and growing beyond their Schwarschild radius?
[removed]
Is the connection with the Planck mass actually proven, or is that speculation in the absence of a real theory of quantum gravity? What happens at the Planck length that stops black holes from forming, and how do we know that?
So we can't conclude a lower bound for the size of elementary particles using the Schwarzschild formula, and the assumption that elementary particles can't be blackholes, cause they last much longer (top quark around 10^(-24)s?) than a blackhole of that mass and size would?It would turn out to be in the order of 10^(-52)m to 10^(-57)m for electons up to top quarks. Not that it would be anywhere close to what we can measure at all. /edit: Never thought about the idea of elementary particles beeing black holes, but it seems [others did](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Black_hole_electron)
/u/rantonels Aaah I didn't read your post before I wrote mine. Would the compression of a poppy seed actually generate enough energy to make it into a black hole. I didn't actually consider that possibility. 
> black holes must be significantly heavier than the Planck mass M_P, which is about 22 g.Could we get around this by accelerating the tiny objects to relativistic speeds LHC style?
Can you expand on the quantum foam bit? I've always wanted to learn about quantum but the wikis are reallllly dense.
Question...are there any good books I could read to begin to understand this? Starting basically from scratch with quantum physics knowledge. 
>Schwarschild*Schwarzschild (it's a German name, Schwarz means black, Schild means shield).
Can I just point out how much I love how a German guy with the last name Black Shield discovered the theoretical existence of giant spherical black shields (event horizons)
If you were to heat a neutron for example to the planck temperature, wouldn't you get a naked singularity (according to our current understanding)?
I thought that more mass means more gravity. So a poppy seed does not have enough gravity to attract the light around it. How does compressing an object increase its mass?
I consider myself a decently smart kinda guy.  But it's always nice to know there are dudes as smart as you out there doing smart guy stuff for the whole of humanity.
Can you please translate that into layman's terms?
Is it possible to send matter or energy into a black hole that short-lived?
Yes, that's one possibility that physicists are still looking for, but we're not very concerned about it happening.First, we don't expect them to form in the first place. The collision would have to create a tiny pocket of energy density heavy enough to form a black hole. Subatomic particles don't like being pushed together, so creating such a super dense region would be insanely difficult. It's about as likely as starting a nuclear reaction by clapping your hands and compressing the air between them (I haven't actually don't the calculation, but I suspect that clapping your hand is still more likely).Second, any black hole created would be extremely short lived. In the brief period of time in which it exists, it will spew out a small amount of Hawking radiation (but extremely quickly, making it one of the most powerful objects humans have ever created). It would have to absorb more mass from somewhere else but by the time the universe knew about the black hole (because of a finite speed of casualty) the black hole has already evaporated.
Why does a quantum black hole evaporate?
Does the largest black hole in existence mean the largest black hole we have yet observed, or are you referring to some theoretical upper bound on the size of a black hole?
Is it true that the only thing that can create a black hole is a star going supernova?  I'm curious because I've heard that not all stars have enough mass to explode at the end of their lifetimes, but become white dwarfs.  If that's the case, then would the smallest amount of matter capable of creating a black hole be that of a star of a high enough mass to go supernova?
> In comparison, the largest black hole in existence has an event horizon that's about 40 times the diameter of Pluto's orbit, and it will likely not decay for about a googol ( 10^100 ) years.How could a black hole this large not dissipate for that long? If the black hole has at maximum all the mass in the universe contained within it does that mean it's radiating less than one atom per year?
Continuing off of this, if a poppy seed could create that big of an explosion. How big is the explosion of the largest black hole in existence? Are we talking the size of a galaxy?
The somewhat uninteresting, but probably most realistic answer is that this black hole would exist for about [10^-26 seconds](http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=0.3+mg+black+hole+lifetime). In that time it would release ~[10^10 joules](http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=0.3+mg+*+c%5E2) of energy, which apparently is almost exactly the amount of energy you'd get by exploding a ton of TNT.So the result would be spectacular, but you wouldn't be around to see it.
The Planck length is not necessarily the smallest possible distance. It's theoretically the smallest MEASURABLE distance. There is no necessary restriction on smaller distances. They may very well exist, but we just wouldn't know because we can't measure that finely.Also poppy seeds weigh significantly less than grains of sand, roughly 0.0003 grams. Sand ranges widely from around 0.0006 to 0.0025 grams. Which makes sense as they are of roughly similar sizes, but rock minerals like quartz are far denser than fat, starch, cell walls, etc. (several times denser) Where exactly are you getting 2.8 grams from?! That's many orders of magnitude off of anything reasonable for a poppy seed. Maybe a whole handful of poppyseeds might approach that. Are you possibly looking up the weight of a whole poppy seed POD?
No. It would only radiate as much energy as you put into it, which includes the mass of the particles that collided. So some mass would be converted into energy, but most of this energy can't be harnessed because it is given off as neutrinos. Neutrinos are sneaky little guys that go right through matter almost all the time. You have trillions of them flying through your body at 99% the speed of light right now and you would never know it.
Energy and electricity aren't synonymous. Sure, the black hole emits a lot of high energy particles, but it won't be in any form easily convertible to electricity.
Curious of a visual representation of this?
Black holes emit a tiny bit of radiation, and with this radiation they lose energy. With time, they'll lose all their energy and they will dissipate, even the bigger ones (though it will take a gazillion years). Tiny black holes store a tiny amount of energy, so their lifespan is much shorter. With smallest ones, it may take just a fraction of a second. Actually, that's the reason why LHC generated black holes won't absorb our solar system and kill us all. 
> considering blackholes are breaking all the laws of physicsThat's not true. We don't know everything about them but they were predicted by general relativity, for example. 
> considering blackholes are breaking all the laws of physics*citation needed >it breaks time and space *citation needed >if it did die it would have to run out of matter to eat *citation needed
[removed]
Hawking Radiation causes the death of black holes. It takes a very, very long time (we're talking many orders of magnitude greater than the current age of the universe) for a black hole like the Milky Way's to die. We know it evaporates because of math. Even if we haven't directly observed a black hole disappear from radiation (we wouldn't really expect to) we can make reasonable predictions about what we already do know. This is, in fact, how we generally advance science and what differentiates a good theory from a bad one.
> blackholes are breaking all the laws of physicsThis is completely false.  Nothing breaks the laws of physics.  We simply adapt our theories to fit new evidence.  Black holes are perfectly compatible with current theories on the laws of physics.
The moon would indeed keep orbiting similarly.  Might be disturbed a bit due to the different mass distribution.
Black holes don't suck in everything, the way they are sometimes depicted as doing. If the Earth became a black hole (requiring that it be shrunk to about the size of a large marble) our moon would keep orbiting it. If the Sun were somehow instantaneously swapped with a black hole of equal mass, everything would keep on spinning -- though we'd all become very cold about 8 minutes later.
Yes! Hawking Radiation.https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hawking_radiationI'll defer the calculation to someone more mathematical than me (not on a phone), but:>black holes of massMin grams evaporate via massless electron and muon neutrinos, photons, and gravitons in a timeof8.66 * 10^-27 * (M/g)^3 
[removed]
The formula is(time left to live in Planck times) = 5120  (mass in Planck masses)^(3)If you plug in 1 hour you get M ~ 3500 tons. 
An asteroid of 3500 tons compressed down past it's Schwarzschild radius would exist as a black hole for one hour.
A black hole with a mass of 3.5 * 10^6 kg would have a lifetime of about an hour.  That's about three giant redwoods, or so.http://xaonon.dyndns.org/hawking/http://www.bluebulbprojects.com/measureofthings/results.php?comp=weight&unit=kgms&amt=3500000
Tangential question: is the perceived life of a black hole affected by time dilation?
Yes, the lifespan of a black hole is relative to the size of the surface area. Think of it as a piece of ice melting. 
It would evaporate before it could capture anything. Also keep in mind that the gravitational force depends on the mass (and distance) only. A black hole with the mass of a poppy seed has the same gravitational force as a regular poppy seed: utterly negligible, even for atoms just a nanometer away.
A black hole that size would be many orders of magnitude smaller than a proton.  It would be so tiny that it probably wouldn't interact with other particles at all.
[removed]
Ignoring the massive radiation dose you get from Hawking radiation, you would experience as much gravitational attraction as you would from the poppy seed. The big difference is that you can get much closer to the black hole than the poppy seed. If you were holding it in your left hand, your right hand wouldn't feel anything, but it would cut through your left hand like the thinnest needle imaginable, tearing each cell it comes in contact with apart along its path towards the Earth's center of gravity. This is a major plot point of [Larry Niven's The Hole Man](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Hole_Man).
The question is backwards. Why are the masses of the fundamental particles of the standard model (which get their mass from the Higgs) so small compared to the Planck mass, the most natural unit of mass? This is known as the hierarchy problem.
The Planck mass is large *because* Planck length and time are so small. Both can be seen as effects of a very weak gravity. Elementary particles would need masses of the order of the Planck mass to have gravity as strong as the other interactions. For particles that heavy, the Planck length and time would be natural scales for distances and interactions.
That is nothing though compared to Planck temperature.  One unit of Planck temperature is equal to  1.41710^32 kelvins.
That also doesn't work, though it is subtle to understand why. As a simplified case, consider attempting an M << M_P kugelblitz by colliding two monocromatic photons head on. The energy of the photons must be E << E_P, which means that the wavelength is   >> l_P. But when they meet, the EM energy is spread over the wavelength, and so it is compressed into a space much larger than the Schwarzschild radius.
Would this apply if there is a mass seed to the black hole or if it were externally initiated instead of self-trapped?
That's one possible way to attempt this, but any other way would fail. You can for example imagine conpressing it being careful not to give it more mass; it turns out you cannot compress much in this way. In any case, no post-Planckian BHs are ever possible.
Wait a minute, I thought the [Planck mass](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Planck_mass) is simply the unit of mass in [Planck units](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Planck_units), and is *defined* in terms of the physical constants *h*, *c*, and *G*. How could there be any uncertainty about its value? (Beyond the measured uncertainty in these physical constants, of course.)
The mass of the overall system has to be positive (and greater than M_P actually). The single plane waves are massless, but the total mass need not be the sum of the masses.
They give off their mass through Hawking radiation.Black holes are basically constantly leaking, it's just infinitesimally slow compared to their mass if they're quite large.
They evaporate. A poppy seed doesn't have much gravity. Being crushed into a black hole doesn't change its gravitational pull, so that lack of pull means it loses its mass to virtual-particle evaporation faster than it grows by attracting stuff, and becomes it too light to be a black hole, and poof, gone.Most of that is theoretical. 
> Do they end up collecting too much mass or something and growing beyond their Schwarschild radius?No not at all. The Schwartschild radius is always a function of the mass, so it would just increase.The smaller a black hole is the more short lived it is. This is because the amount of Hawking radiation from a black hole is inversely proportional to the area of the event horizon.
It is fairly easy to show this (alongside some standard facts like the fact that spacetime doesn't exist at scales much smaller than Planck) independently of the actual theory of quantum gravity, with a fair degree of certainty. There more.*could* be loopholes, but they would be extremely artificial and require a huge and uncalled-for amount of fine tuning, so they are commonly thought of as disfavoured.Anyway, we have a real theory of quantum gravity, which is string theory. We have no evidence it is the only one or that it is the one that correctly describes our Universe, but it is the only known working example. In string theory, the above empirical insights are confirmed more explicitly.In any case, what happens is that nearing the Planck length quantum corrections to gravity increase until they have modified the theory dramatically and smooth spacetime cannot exist any more. A black hole, which is a feature in smooth spacetime, makes no sense. This is signalled by a series of alarming contradictions in which you run if you attempt to try to imagine a sub-Planckian black hole anyway, mostly all equivalent; one incarnation is this:If M << M_P, then the Hawking temperature is T >> T_P, and the average energy of a Hawking radiation quantum is E >> E_P >> M, which is impossible: the black hole emits single particles way more energetic than its own total energy.
This is a correct reasoning and it shows objects lighter than M_P (like elementary particles) cannot be black holes.
That is adding energy, which helps. But the LHC particle energies are still ~15 orders of magnitude below the Planck energy.
how and why?
Well it's a very complex (and controversial!) concept because it's not simply a quantum mechanics thing, but a quantum gravity thing. We understand that at about the Planck scale spacetime itself becomes a quantum object. In such a regime quantum uncertainty affects geometric observables such as distances or durations of time; it is hard to tell explicitly what happens without taking a stance on the true theory of quantum gravity, but it is pretty clear spacetime dissolves in a quantum bubbly... mess we like to pictorially call a foam. But again, no particular commitment to any representation.String theory gives a more explicit description, but it is not analogy friendly.
From absolute scratch, I don't think so. But if you know some general relativity and have a nice bg in quantum mechanics, then I have to suggest an absolutely phenomenal book, Susskind & Lindesay. It is relatively accessible and a great read in everything pertaining to the quantum description of black holes, the information paradox(es), and the string theory picture.
Woops, that's what happens when you reddit on a phone
Fun alternative fact: it's a pseudonym he took on after discovering the event horizon! 
I think you can
Hadrons decompose into quark-gluon plasma at the much lower temperature of ~ 140 MeV, the Hagedorn temperature of QCD.
The planned maximum collision energy at the LHC is 7 TeV.If all of this energy is converted to a black hole, and it has a lifetime of 10^-27 seconds this would mean that the black hole is radiating ~10^21 Watts averaged over its lifetime. This is the amount of power you have to put into the black hole just to break even. This is 5700 times the power the Earth intercepts from the sun, and even if you have so much power available, you would also have to aim it on this tiny speck :)I have no idea how much of the collision energy would actually be converted to the black hole though. But we have plenty of orders of magnitude leeway until we get to reasonable power levels, so I guess it doesn't really matter.
Can you explain what it means to say subatomic particles don't like being pushed together? People often explain scientific concepts in terms of what this or that likes or doesn't like. Why does it like one thing over another, and why does that matter?
Short, simple answer: Black holes throw off radiation, gradually lowering in mass until they disappear completely. I don't understand it well enough to give a more thorough answer.
All black holes evaporate. If they are not fed more mass, they will eventually vanish. It radiates as a black body at a certain temperature. Imagine quantum fluctuations creating a fast electron-positron pair near the event horizon. One particle falls into the black hole, the other escapes. Voila.Black holes smaller than out moons mass appear hot and will evaporate, while large appear colder than cosmic background radiation, and due to thermal equilibrium will therefore not evaporate. A 100 tonn black hole would last about 1 second, and would emit energy 10 million times more then all energy production on earth. As it evaporates, its radiation grows, and gets close to the radiation of a sun before it vanishes.Astronomers have been looking for events like this, and are not sure they have found any yet. Real black holes may be electrically charged, spinning very fast, and generate enormous magnetic fields etc, so the math might be a lot more complex.
The former. The largest black hole yet observed is S5 0014+81, as far as I'm aware. Its mass is about 40 billion solar masses, and its event horizon -- the black sphere that is often depicted by artists -- is nearly 40 times the diameter of Pluto's orbit. It's equivalent to about 1,600 AU's, or (roughly, again) 1/40th of a lightyear. (**EDIT:** like most elements of black hole theory, the nature of the event horizon is controversial, but there is an observable object of the indicated size, whatever its properties may be).Part of what makes this black hole so extraordinary, from our perspective, is that it's pointed almost directly at us. This is a very unusual vantage point, as we normally see such objects edge-on. The upper limit to a black hole's size is a matter of ongoing study. As recently as 2008, astronomers proposed that black holes seemed to curb their own growth at about 10 billion solar masses or so -- or 1/4 the size of S5 0014+81. Two years ago, another proposal put the weight limit at about 50 billion solar masses, with cited differences between stable and unstable black holes. The gist of the assertion is that a black hole at 50 billion solar masses would cause its own accretion disc to clump into stars, [removing its food supply](http://www.sciencemag.org/news/2015/12/limit-how-big-black-holes-can-grow-astonishing).
It's called the [Chandrasekhar Limit](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chandrasekhar_limit) and it's only 1.4 solar masses.
The TOV, or [Tolman-Oppenheimer-Volkoff Limit](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tolman%E2%80%93Oppenheimer%E2%80%93Volkoff_limit), is a value bounding the upper limit to the mass of what we'd commonly call a neutron star. Anything that would result in a neutron star of more than this amount of mass would instead result in a black hole. We're not exactly sure what the TOV is; its value was elevated throughout the 20th century. By our present understanding, it corresponds to an *initial* star mass of somewhere between 15-20 solar masses. As the theory goes, anything larger, and the forces opposing the gravitational collapse aren't up to the task. A type II supernova (type I's are a different animal, not related directly to stellar collapse) can begin with a smaller star; ranges estimate from 8 to 15 solar masses. These will result in neutron stars, objects of between 1.5 and 3 solar masses, packed into a sphere with a surface area of Manhattan island and no surface protrusions higher than 5 millimeters. Some of them spin so quickly that they flatten significantly, becoming quite oblong.>Is it true that the only thing that can create a black hole is a star going supernova?    No, but the exact process by which galactic-center supermassive black holes form isn't well understood. Black holes can accumulate mass by over-eating (see, it's not just us), merge with other black holes, and so on. It can be said with as much certainty as anything can be said that no star ever existed which was large enough to create the largest black holes known, all by its lonesome self.**EDIT:** My bad, I neglected another part of the question. White dwarfs are the still-hot glowing embers of small- to moderate-mass stars, like our Sun. Those eventually cool off to become black dwarfs. Our Sun will have a red giant phase, and will cast off most of its outer layers in what will undoubtedly seem to anybody watching it happen as a very explosive event indeed, but it's nowhere near massive enough to be comparable to a supernova.
Right now, the largest known black hole has a mass of about 40 billion solar masses, and estimates place the upper limit at 50 billion. A situation where the whole mass of the universe was contained in a black hole would require an end-times scenario that's theoretical, and not currently very popular (though by no means dismissed). What we're currently looking at, in terms of our present understanding, is heat death: eventually, everything will drift apart, the stars will burn out, the stellar remnants will cool, etc. The universe will have no more usable energy. The larger a black hole is, the more slowly it radiates energy. In very, very simplified terms, Hawking radiation represents the usual process of empty space gone awry, because black hole. Potential particles and their opposites pop into existence from the fabric of space itself constantly, all the time. They then collapse into each other and cancel out -- unless this happens on the edge of a black hole's event horizon, in which case one of those particles is sucked in, and the other one isn't canceled -- it becomes a real particle, a massless base particle, which is required by physics to move at lightspeed. It escapes -- taking a tiny bit of the black hole's energy with it. It's not letting go of complete atoms, or even the complete parts that could be combined to make an atom. The process works very slowly, and a supermassive black hole at the top of the charts has an incomprehensible amount of stored energy to radiate away. 
It doesn't explode. Such a large black hole emits Hawking radiation extremely slowly. As it loses mass, the power output increases. Long before it reaches its final emission, it will be a tiny hot speck. The last few moments will see it rapidly increase it's power output but for such a short time that the total energy output is relatively small.
I'm going to cop out here; you're exceeding what I know, or can conveniently research, and I'd hate to be misleading. I hope someone else can answer this far more accurately than myself; in the meantime, the Physics Mill has [this interesting, if speculative article](http://www.thephysicsmill.com/2015/06/14/speculative-sunday-can-a-black-hole-explode/) about black holes, which goes into some recent alternative theories (including their explosive potential).
The military-industrial complex would like to offer you an opportunity to start a new career!
Do we have a way of calculating the amount of energy to turn the seed into a black hole?
> No. It would only radiate as much energy as you put into itWell, you would have to keep feeding it mass for a while to reach break-even. Also to keep it from exploding and killing you.
The other reason they wouldn't absorb our solar system and kill us us because they would be too small to do so.A black hole created by the LHC would have been created by slamming a few protons together at extremely large velocities. But remember, the mass of such a black hole made only out of a few protons is also extremely tiny. Though it would probably be about 7 orders of magnitude heavier than the protons made out of it, due to the mass dilation caused by their high velocities, this is still vanishingly small. The event horizon of such a thing would be smaller than a proton, so the statistical chances of particles wandering into it are so small, that it would take 3 trillion years just for the thing to grow to one kilogram.This is if we pretend the hawking radiation/evaporation effect didn't exist, which would eliminate it immediately.Three trillion years is much, much longer than the expected lifetime of the sun or the universe. The LHC could pump out black holes by the hundreds on a daily basis and it would never become a problem for us or our descendants.
So when black holes suck up stars do they expand their lifetime?
So how long would a black hole created from a poppy seed last? Would it consume our planet?
The gravitational waves were detected because of binary black holes merging, not one dying.
> Essentially, the idea is that in a vacuum, particles sometimes just...pop into existence. Usually, these are particle/anti-particle pairs, so like hydrogen and anti-hydrogen, though my understanding is that they're usually much smaller than that. Normally, these particles would just annihilate each other, but if this happens right on the edge of a black hole's event horizon, the black hole can take the anti-particle into the black hole while the particle shoots off into space. The anti-particle annihilates some of the matter inside the black hole, meaning that matter has essentially escaped (the black hole shrinks, matter radiates away) from the black hole.I've never heard this explanation before. I always thought that no-one knew why Hawking radiation happened but this makes a lot of sense.
> particles sometimes just...pop into existenceCan we get an explanation of this one layer of abstraction down?
The event horizon is not this magical sphere where there is suddenly gravity on the inside and none on the outside. It is simply put, a point of no return, where an object which has passed into the event horizon is doomed to fall into the black hole rather than slingshot or orbit around. Anything with mass, including black holes, affects the gravitational force over infinite distances, the effect just gets exponentially less and less prominent. Tldr: Outside of the event horizon there is still an insane amount of force due to gravity.
How does the concept of Hawking Radiation get along with Quantum Field Theory? If we think of virtual particles that form in pairs and annihilate one another, it'd be reasonable to predict such radiation, but if we abandon the concept of particles and think of idle fluctuation in a quantum field, how could this kind of thing be separated into two parts by the event horizon?
This is pretty much what I have always maintained. So, next question, is the cliched depiction of a black hole with an accretion disk of, presumably, debris incorrect?ORDue to the small relative size of black holes, do smaller objects that would have struck and been absorbed by the normal sized massive objects instead go into erratic orbits eventually striking and disrupting the the originally orbiting bodies causing an eventual chain of collisions resulting in accretion disks?
I decided to do a lazy solution by just going into Wolfram Alpha and throwing some values at the wall to see what stuck. Turns out [a mass of 3.5 million kg](http://m.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=black+hole+lifetime+3.5*10%5E6+kg&x=0&y=0) would produce a black hole with a lifetime of about 60.1 minutes.[WA also informs me](http://m.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=3.5*10%5E6+kg&x=0&y=0) that this is about 29% of New York City's daily garbage production. So, perhaps the professor's Smell-O-Scope could be used to search for miniature black holes.
Wouldn't this be lethal?  I get 300ug seed = 2.6963e+10 joules  via e=mc^2And the release would be nearly instantaneous, right?I could see three aspects of damage effect- penetrating radiation, thermal, and creating overpressure by heating the air, but that's limited by the amount of air.  If it were in a container and suddenly dumped 27 gigajoules I'd expect the container's interior to vaporize, pressurizing the interior, and shatter, throwing shrapnel.There are many detractors who would say that a poppy seed black hole is a bad idea to begin with
> evaporate via massless electron and muon neutrinos, photons, and gravitonsIs that anti-matter that evaporates?(total layman here)
Interesting, but in all practical scenarios, wouldn't a blackhole absorb further mass, extending its lifespan?
>black holes that do not gain mass through other means are expected to shrink and ultimately vanish.    Isn't this a pretty big if or have scientists and mathematicians figured out the given mass at which a black hole (anywhere near earth) would become self-sustaining?
Wait...gravitons...I thought they were a feature of Star Trek and nothing more. They're real? 
What happens to the matter in a black hole when it dies? 
What happens to the black hole after it's lifespan runs out? What happens to the matter and light it's absorbed?
>Black holes lifespan is directly proportional to its mass.No, it's not directly proportional. It's proportional to the cube of its mass.
Does the angular momentum of a black hole affect its lifespan at all? Or just the mass?
According to that site a black hole with one hour of life left would have a luminosity of **6953 megatons/second**.  That is an insane amount of power.
that wouldn't make any sense since outside the event horizon is all the measurements that can be taken, and only at the horizon is where any dilation effects are witnessed, the time when it starts producing radiation T = 0 to the time when it stops T= X(lifetime). These are all external measurements and would not be subject to dilation effects...
Wouldn't you be killed by the flash of Hawking radiation?  The 300ug mass would be 2.6963e+10 joules of radiation.  Or does it lose part of its mass and then become normal mass again when it gets below the Planck mass?
wouldn't it affect him as much as a poppy seed would?  As in.. not much
Erm, sorry bud but you need to convert to SI units before you do this. g -> kg.  It actually comes to 0.27 TJ, still a lot but also a lot less.
Why does energy stay trapped as matter to begin with? That is, why doesn't all matter just explosively radiate without the immense gravity of a singularity? Furthermore, what happens to the quarks inside the singularity as the energy of the black hole radiates away? 
The Little Boy atomic bomb dropped on Hiroshima on August 6, 1945, exploded with an energy of about 15 kilotons of TNT (63 TJ)So a poppy seed amount of mass compressed into a black hole would instantaneously release about half a Hiroshima worth of energy in an explosion.
I'm really confused by the Planck Mass now, having read it.What is it about the mass ~0.021 milligrams that allows it and smaller masses to keep only a single unit of charge and not two?  A single unit of (Positive?) charge in this case would mean that the mass has shed a single electron, and there is one more proton than electrons in the mass.  Right?What prevents that mass from shedding more electrons under various / extreme circumstances?  Wouldn't the ability of the mass to support a positive charge depend on the elements and compounds involved?
Has it there been any explanation to this problem yet?
What is the basis of defining these units? For some it's the smallest possible (planck length, time) and for some the largest (planck temperature)
> That also doesn't workIt does work if the intensity is sufficient, where the minimal intensity depends on the wavelength.
>  In any case, no post-Planckian BHs are ever possible.If you start with a bigger BH, as it radiates away its mass, would it be momentarily a smaller BH just before the end?Or would it instantly become some non-BH at that point?   (and if so, what)
Without extra dimensions, the Planck mass is both the dimensionless constant and also the energy scale where gravity becomes strong (and black holes can form).With extra dimensions, those two things can happen at different energies. You get a macroscopic Planck mass based on the gravitational constant we measure in the lab (at large distances) and a microscopic Planck mass based on the gravitational constant that applies at microscopic distances. The latter can be very low - the experimental limits are at a few TeV.[Here is an overview](https://arxiv.org/abs/hep-ph/0110127v3), a bit outdated in terms of experimental limits but the ideas are still the same.
 How fast exactly? If we had this hypothetical poppy-seed black hole (Google says a poppy seed is 0.3 mg) how long would it last?edit: Also arent black holes constantly absorbing mass that falls into them? If this tiny black hole was created in new york city, wouldnt it suck everything and spiral out of control?maybe /u/rantonels can weigh in. 
Does it also assume there is no net mass gain from infalling material, and also that the universe is cold enough that the background temperature is colder than the temperature of the emitted Hawking radiation?
If you had a black hole with the mass of a poppy seed on earth would it get pulled towards earth and then more mass would get within the event horizon?  Basically would it hit the Earth and take some mass then?
> how and why?Because of mass-energy equivalence? Add energy to a particle you are changing its mass?
> but it is not analogy friendlyRichard Feynman would scoff at such a statement and proceed to offer a counter-example right then and there.
That's really interesting! I'd love to hear more about string theory even if it's not eli5 friendly. If you don't mind that is. Thanks!
[removed]
But we can build our next LHC much closer to the sun, so the amount of collected energy (e. g. with huge parabolic mirrors) would be sufficient to grow black holes. Correct?
You dont need to be able to generate 10^21 watts to create that black hole though. It takes at least 5.86 seconds to accelerate the matter (if i am interpreting [this](https://lhc-machine-outreach.web.cern.ch/lhc-machine-outreach/lhc-machine-outreach-faq.htm) correctly). It may take only 10^-27 seconds for the black hole to evaporate but you can take as long as you want to spin up the matter and smash it into place, 1 watt at a time if you wanted. 
Fundamental forces resist an event = doesn't like.Fundamental forces facilitate an event = likes.Think about pushing together two positive poles of a magnet compared to opposite poles.
The black hole you're describing doesn't sound very dense? 40 billion solar masses in a size ~ 40 times Pluto's orbit? 
> art of what makes this black hole so extraordinary, from our perspective, is that it's pointed almost directly at us. This is a very unusual vantage point, as we normally see such objects edge-on.I'm confused. I assumed black holes were spherical. Do you mean the accretion disc is on the same plane as us, that it's easily visible to us? As previously mentioned, confused, sorry.
That's the upper limit for the mass of a white dwarf :) It doesn't refer to the mass of the star itself before becoming a white dwarf, and you've still got neutron stars as the next stage of stellar remnant, before you hit black holes.Still an interesting fact; the entry made for very good reading. Thanks for pointing it out!
Just a random, uneducated, thought I'd be curious to hear your thoughts on - so as you approach the speed of light, the perception of time slows down for the things travelling at said speed, right?If the going theory is that the universe dies from heat death due to expansion, and the expansion was caused by the big bang...is there any chance that the universe already died, but we're travelling so fast due to the big bang that we don't know it's already dead because our perception of time is different?
> Potential particles and their opposites pop into existence from the fabric of space itself constantly, all the time. They then collapse into each other and cancel out -- unless this happens on the edge of a black hole's event horizon, in which case one of those particles is sucked in, and the other one isn't canceledHawking Radiation is hard to get a handle on, but can you check me on this?When a virtual photon/virtual antiphoton pair are created at the event horizon, there are four possible scenarios:1> Both members of the pair fall into the black hole with no net effect because they cancel2> Both escape the black hole with no net effect because they cancel3> The virtual photon is sucked in but the antiphoton is not; the photon adds to the mass of the black hole, increasing the radius of its event horizon; this causes the antiphoton to be trapped as well where it cancels some of the black hole's energy, ultimately resulting in no net effect4> The antiphoton is sucked in where it cancels some of the black hole's mass-energy; this decreases the black hole's event horizon radius so the virtual photon escapes and becomes a real photonIs that the correct description of the process? If not, what is correct?
If these particles pop into existence on the edge of a black hole, how would one part getting away take energy from the black hole? 
Can you please go into greater detail about these potential particles?
Why would it take part of the black hole's energy if the particles just pop into existence just randomly from the fabric of space-time?  Unless the black hole *caused* the pair to pop into existence then the particle that it captured would seem to add to the black hole's mass, regardless that one particle escaped.  
Awesome article. Thanks for the information!
I'm assuming the energy required to compress a seed into a black hole would far outweigh the explosive yield
Well yes, that increases their mass. Hawking radiation reduces a black hole's mass. Slowly. Very slowly.
Yeah - and for the moment, stellar-mass black holes are expanding their lifetimes just by absorbing the background radiation.
Lawrence Krauss explains it in his 'A Universe from Nothing' somewhat like this:Empty space is not empty, because of quantum effects, pairs of particles and anti-particles constantly pop into existence and immediately also annihilate each other. As such, they normally have no effect on anything around them. But, if this coming into existence happens right on the edge of a black hole's event horizon, it may 'steal' some mass away from the black hole in the way that /u/SituationSoap explained.
Sorry, not from me. You've hit the edge of my understanding of the process.
What would the radius of this black hole be (at its largest point)?
That.... that seems like an incredible amount of garbage.  I know NYC is massive, but damn.  Ran the math and that's 1.44 kg/3.15lbs per person per day.  Is that taken in aggregate, so as to include heavy industry?  I'm trying to figure out a single day that I would have exceeded even 1 lb of waste.  Incredible.  
It would also be the most efficient and clean source of energy physically possible.
Wouldn't producing a black hole in our atmosphere be essentially an earth-ending event? It would be like a trillion atom bombs.
What if we could get rid of the world's trash by turning it into black holes
What happens when a black hole expires? Does the mass inside disperse, or does it stay tightly packed, possibly forming a new star?
Wow! Back in the 20th century we just used the internet for pornography!
What happens to the matter in a black hole when it dies? 
Interesting thought.  I'd expect 27 gigajoules to hear the whole area to a plasma, with a supersonic shockwave so hot it gave off secondary xrays
No it is the black hole. Black holes don't consists of matter or anti matter or anything like that. 
No. A black hole doesn't suck things in like a vacuum cleaner, it's just an object with a mass like any other. A small black hole would evaporate much faster than the time it would take for some other mass to collide with it due to gravity.
It has become energy - in the form of Hawking radiation. Which dissipates outward infinity or until it contacts matter -- which it acts on -- probably just heating it a little. That heat dissipates outward infinitely as infrared radiation until it contacts matter and heats it a little. That goes on forever until the universe is nothing but dissipated heat and there is no more matter. This is suspected to be how the universe will end. And is known as heat deathEdit:If you are wondering where all the matter went -- it all became black holes; which dissipated.
The rate of evaporation will increase as it gets smaller, it may end in an explosion.  The matter and light is all given off as hawking radiation.
As the others have said, the hawking radiation is made up of the energy trapped in the black hole. E=mc^2 and all that. Since mass equals lots of energy, and the amount of hawking radiation is so tiny, that is why the lifespans of black holes are so long. 
the matter and light has been destroyed when added to the black hole. The only things that are not destroyed are mass/energy, angular and linear momentum, and superconserved charges like electric charge. These are released into the last particles in which the black hole decays after it reaches the Planck scale.
True. It is a ratio between surface area and volume. I just didn't feel like getting that in depth. 
Angular momentum might have an effect if it was strong enough to distort the black hole from a sphere to more of a oblong shape. By distorting the shape it increases the surface area while keeping mass the same so there would be more hawking radiation released. 
Yeah, the thing gets hot at the end of it's life.  I was curious, so I put in 100 Watts into the power field, just to see when it gets about as warm as a 100 watt light bulb.  It's that warm or warmer for over 10^22 years, despite having a risibly small event horizon.That'd be cool, wouldn't it?  Having your own little black hole powered 100-watt light bulb?  Assuming you could contain it, which you can't. ;)  It'd just drop right out of your light fixture, passing all the way through the center of the earth, and bounce back and forth, in a [weird straight line orbit](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Radial_trajectory), occasionally eating an atom or two of the Earth as it passes through.
The radiation would kill you, yes.
for context, that's about as much energy as in a lightning bolt, or two Oklahoma City Bombings[(source)](http://www.projectrho.com/public_html/rocket/usefultables.php#id--The_Boom_Table)
This is correct. The best example is instantly change the sun to a black hole of the same mass. No orbits would change, only the fact that our solar system would become cold and dead in a matter of minutes.
He forgot to convert to SI units. Little Boy would have annihilated the equivalent of 700 milligrams, or ~2300 poppy seeds.
You've got it backwards. The Planck mass is the maximum mass of any point particle. The electric charge part is just a consequence of being a point particle.
Many, but nothing is completely satisfactory I think. As a string guy, my favourite explanations involve extra dimensions. In the case of large extra compact dimensions, the extra dimensions affects the strength of gravity in our 4D Universe and the Planck scale we estimate is a mirage; the true (10D) Planck scale would be much closer. Other approaches include Randall-Sundrum models, in which we are a 3-brane in a higher-dimensional space and the hierarchy is induced by a (very natural, actually) warping in the extra dimension.
Think of it in terms of particle physics. Particle physics is a relativistic (c), quantum (hbar) theory, so you choose units with hbar = c = 1. Also k_B = 1 because seriously, what a stupid pointless constant to begin with.Then, everything can be brought back to the units of mass M or a power of mass. Energy and temperature have units M^(1), length and time are M^(-1), and so on. G, the constant of gravitation, is M^(-2). So you can define a mass scale M_P = G^(-1/2), the Planck mass. That's the scale for quantum gravity and roughly the upper limit for the mass of a particle. That's automatically also an energy E_p, again an upper limit. Same for T_p.For the other units you need to be careful and check whether there is an inversion. Since l_P = t_P = M_P^(-1), the Planck length or time are *lower* limits. And you can continue this game for other Planck constants; always bring everything back to mass with hbar = c = 1.Btw the Planck speed and ang momentum are simply c and hbar. They are 1 in our units, M^(0). So they aren't limits at all. Or better they are not limits relevant to quantum gravity, but simply to special relativity and quantum mechanics. 
[removed]
have you verified the intensity you need doesn't get you over M_P?
An object with mass around the Planck mass should be an inerpolating object between black hole and particle. As a black hole evaporates, it should smoothly morph into particles, but it would have to pass through the quantum gravity regime around M_P, so the intermediate object depends on your theory of quantum gravity.In string theory the interpolating object is... a string! At energy << M_P, a string is so small as to appear like a particle. As you give it energy around M_P, it starts to elongate. When you are above M_P, the stretched string forms a wooly membrane above an event horizon, the string theory description of a black hole.
The gravitational field of a black hole created from a poppyseed would have the same gravitational field of a poppyseed. It's kind of like if the sun turned into a black hole the solar system wouldn't get sucked into the black hole.  The planets would keep orbiting normally. 
> If this tiny black hole was created in new york city, wouldnt it suck everything and spiral out of control?It wouldn't last long enough, and also it would exert the same gravitational force as a poppy seed on anything more than a poppy seed-radius away from it. A 200 ton black hole would last about a second, so this poppy seed black hole would explode immediately, converting its mass into energy in a tiny fraction of a second. That much mass (about half a milligram) would release the energy of about 10 tons of TNT.
> wouldnt it suck everything and spiral out of control?This is the part of the question that's important, and the answer is no.In order to suck something in by gravity, a black hole must have a higher gravitational pull than anything else around it (the area in which an object's gravitational pull is stronger than any other gravity wells is called a [Hill Sphere](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hill_sphere)).  A poppyseed's hill sphere would be mindnumbingly small - assuming that it's 1 meter from earth's surface at 40 degrees latitude, the Hill Sphere would be about 1 x 10^-4 meters.  The reason that the black hole wouldn't suck everything up is that it would simply decay before it found enough stuff to suck up to grow in mass.EDIT: I wanted to share the decay time via Hawking radiation for a black hole with the mass of a poppyseed (.0000003kg): about 2.27 x 10^-39 seconds.  This is the amount of time that a photon would take to travel 6.8 x 10^-31 meters - or in other words, a little bit less than a billionth the width of a proton.
It would last an extremely short time (probably a miniscule fraction of a second), and release 90kj of hawking radiation in that time (via e=mc^2). 90kj is about the energy density of 2 grams of gasoline.[Check out this thread](https://www.reddit.com/r/askscience/comments/39woqa/what_would_happen_to_me_and_everything_around_me/)
[here](https://www.reddit.com/r/askscience/comments/5t7b51/what_is_the_smallest_amount_of_matter_needed_to/ddkvho4/) is the formula, if you plug 0.3 mg you get 2 \* 10^(-36) seconds. That's very small.
[Here is a calculator](http://xaonon.dyndns.org/hawking/). A 0.3 mg black hole would live for about 2.3*10^(-36) seconds.
No because the black hole would evaporate in less than a trillionth of a second. It wouldn't have time to run into an atom, much less the billions of atoms it would need to sustain its mass in the face of evaporation.
I don't know its lifespan, but I'm pretty sure it's not above thousandths of a second.
Only internal energy contributes to the mass. Overall kinetic energy doesn't.
Yes, conceptually. But it's not something we are capable of doing with anything resembling current technology or resources.
When references are made to the size of a black hole, they refer to its observable horizon. As the theory goes, there is a point in space beyond which light can't escape the black hole's gravity, so we can't see past that point. This results in the typical artist's impression of a big, inky black sphere. It is not actually an object in the sense that we would think of an everyday object; it's not something you'd crash into. Theoretically, though this is definitely *not* certain, you could travel past the event horizon for quite a while, and be fine -- until you got close enough to the singularity itself, the infinitely dense point in the center, that you're spaghettified into a stream of hot particles. Also theoretically, you'd be killed by something very poorly defined shortly after entering the event horizon, completely annihilated.By definition, a black hole's mass is concentrated in an infinitely dense point in space -- as far as we know -- regardless of how much mass there is.
A black hole is a single point with INFINITE DENSITY and NO VOLUME. Doesn't that blow your mind
Correct. Apologies if I was unclear! We see S5 0014+81 and its parent galaxy dead-on, like a bullseye (or near enough) instead of the edge of the disc.The black hole in question is located in what is sometimes referred to as a blazar. This is a quasar, a type of high-energy phenomena from early in the universe, which is still very poorly understood (but is now believed to correlate with the early, active stages of supermassive black holes). The only difference between the two objects is that a blazar is what we call a quasar when it's facing us, whereas a quasar is what it's called when it's seen edge-on. This is how the first quasars we discovered were seen -- edge-on -- so the name quasar stuck as an overall name. When we first saw a blazar, we didn't *immediately* realize it was the same thing. It actually caused a lot of confusion: initial study suggested, based on the unusual energy output, that these objects were impossibly far away -- or older than the universe itself. Scientists didn't realize right away that they were looking down a quasar's throat. Celestial objects can't be repositioned, and -- with something that far away -- its relative position to Earth changes very little, nor can we simply send something around to look at it from another angle. Scientists find it more convenient to describe such objects succinctly by giving them different names, names that depend on relative characteristics which are, due to the extreme distances involved, effectively absolute.
Any more massive and that white dwarf becomes a black hole or neutron star. Which one doesn't just depend on mass. How a star ends it's life depends on it's chemical composition, whether it's leaching mass from a binary partner, how fast it's spinning, etc. The Chandrasekhar limit puts an upper bound on the stellar remnant.
I'm a random, uneducated person who loves these random, uneducated thoughts <3 What little I understand is based on a lifetime to-date of fascination... reading textbooks on astronomy when I was in elementary school, subbing to every magazine I could get my hands on, watching every documentary, etc. My weak point is definitely the math. The concept of heat death is that all usable energy is spent. We obviously still have usable energy. There are things that are billions of light years away from us, but also things that are comparatively close by. For example, there are more than 100 stars within 50 light-years of Earth, meaning we see them now as they were well within a living person's lifetime. Outside of the Milky Way, our nearest neighbor is Andromeda... an entire separate galaxy (significantly larger than ours, at that) which we see as it existed well within the time frame of tool-using hominid ancestors -- about two and a half million years ago.The expansion of the universe itself doesn't count. This is space, itself, expanding, not objects moving through space at impossible speeds. Essentially, new space is being made, forcing existing space apart at the quantum level. The speed of the sun, the Milky Way, and the Local Group itself is all tremendously high relatively to anything we've achieved, but it's not enough to distort time that much.
Your username is the bees' knees. Unfortunately, I can't answer your question with any reliability whatsoever. What you're describing sounds about right to me, but I'm genuinely fuzzy at this point myself. Hopefully, someone else can chime in. I can provide you with some links to related material, which does include some of the math involved:The [Ohio State physics department](http://www.physics.ohio-state.edu/~mathur/infopublic/main.html) has this page. Don't let the outdated setup and navigation deceive you, it is in fact still updated every so often. In the left navbar,  you want the subheadings under **A Second Pass: The Hawking Effect**.This post on [Physics Stack Exchange](http://physics.stackexchange.com/questions/134948/hawking-radiation-and-virtual-particles), an answers style website specifically catering to active physics researchers and students, attempts to shed some light on Hawking radiation. [Wikipedia's entry](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hawking_radiation) for Hawking radiation.The [University of California at Riverside](http://math.ucr.edu/home/baez/physics/Relativity/BlackHoles/hawking.html) has this page. It dates to the late 90's, so is a trifle outdated, but the simple mechanics of how the virtual particles function should be up to par.
How big would a black hole created by humans need to be to suck up our solar system. Are humans capable of harnessing enough energy to create it?
[About 5.2 zeptometers](http://m.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=schwarzchild+radius+3.5*10%5E6+kg&x=0&y=0) (that is, 5.2 * 10^-21 m), or about 1/1000 the diameter of a proton.
Just to help clarify, you should make sure to specify how large is the black hole's event horizon. All black hole's are technically singularities so it's event horizon is the only thing that can have a size or a radius.
Do you count garbage produced by others *on your behalf*? Even if you just buy an apple at the store, that apple probably arrived in a cardboard box, sitting in a plastic or cardboard tray, stacked on a pallet and wrapped with packing foil. That foil came on a cardboard roll, and so on.If you go all the way up the production stack you end up with a trail of packaging materials that greatly exceeds your 1 pound per day. It's like looking at electric cars from purely the tailpipe emissions viewpoint while ignoring the rest of the heavy industry that produces them.
Starbucks coffee in the morning, have a nature's valley bar at work for a snack. Get Chipotle to go for lunch; heck, brown-bag your lunch and throw out the ziploc, apple core, banana peel, bag. Throw out some old papers near the end of work that have been taking up space on your desk, maybe your pen runs out, that gets tossed. Go to CVS during lunch and go shopping for a few sundries, each in their own wrappers. Go grocery shopping and un-bag all your veggies and throw out all the plastic bags. Make dinner and throw out empty bean cans and pasta packages and sauce bottles you used. Maybe you finished off the crackers during dinner and throw the box out. Scrape the leftovers on the plates into the trash. Finish the last cigarette in your pack, have a piece of gum after, throw out the cigarette pack, stub, the gum wrapper and, eventually, the gum. Maybe you even get some things delivered from Amazon that day and throw out the box, bubble wrap, packaging, styrofoam, manuals you don't want to hold on to, etc.If we're not careful we can generate pounds and pounds of trash every day incredibly easily. A lot of the examples above can be mitigated by being conscientious and changing your habits, but the truth is we love having quick access to food and drink, we love having things delivered to our door, it can feel complicated and in-effective to recycle properly, and it's smelly and time-consuming to compost.
I don't know if that includes recyclables that are extracted from the garbage-chain before hitting the landfill, but remember all the upchain and downchain rubbish you generate that you don't directly see.That grass-fed vegan burger with free-range soy cheese you had for lunch? The bun, burger and slice of cheese each came in a plastic bag that was in a box that was in a case. The lettuce, tomato, pickle too. You think you only throw away the paper they wrapped it in, the fork and knife, the bag, and the little condiment containers. Don't forget about all the paper towels they used to dry their hands and wipe down the counters. The bottle from cleaning supplies. And 25% of all food in this country is thrown away; unfinished meals, unfit for sale because it's old or ugly, trimming scraps, undercooked, overcooked, returned foods, etc..
Well such a black hole would produce an (average) output of around 87,000 Petawatts.Less clean energy and more of an hour-long explosion.
Compressing it to that point would require far more energy to begin with. Otherwise the Large Hadron Collider would be being used as a power source.
Clean sort of implies an absence of horrendous levels of harmful emitted radiation, though. A micro black hole would have gobs of that.
Energy equivalent of burning 237K gallons of gasoline at once!http://xaonon.dyndns.org/hawking/Enterer 300ug mass, get a luminosity of 3.96e45 watts for 2.27e-36 seconds at 4.09e29 Kelvin.So, yeah, you would be vaporized.
Then what are they?
Fascinating, how something gigantic like a black hole finally ends in nothing more than a little heating on some matter...
What happens after the heat death?
Last question, can entropy be reversed?
Wouldn't there theoretically be a point where none of the matter is concentrated enough to pull, and it will just be dust out there?Or are we confident there would definitely be one last, big, end-all black hole because allofthematter will EVENTUALLY coalesce enough to compress?
I feel a little slow for this thread but what about conservation of matter? Does it not apply to black holes?
Why is it predicted to end explosively rather than just radiating off until there's no mass left? Or until it no longer has enough to maintain an event horizon?
Then is it possible that the big bang was some super massive black hole exploding?
Could you 'see' a black hole explode? Would it eject matter of a normal state such as solids or plasma? Which elements?Does the matter go away or form a cloud? Is there often enough to form a solar system?
Explosion? In what sense?
black holes have charge.  A charged black hole could be easily contained in a magnetic field!So you could totally contain it.In fact, this is one imagined form of future space propulsion.  Carry around a black hole and siphon off the hawking radiation for propulsion.  It's theoretically 100% efficient -- 100% of the mass-energy in the black hole is converted to pure energy.And to refuel you just feed it more mass.EDIT: Relevant read http://www.space.com/24306-interstellar-flight-black-hole-power.html
You probably wouldn't want it even if you could have it.  The surface gravity of that little black hole would be 1.6x10^27 times more than Earth's gravity, ~~and it would have almost a third Earth's mass~~. (edit., misread e-10 as e-1.  Still, the gravitational pull and tidal forces from even being in the same room as it would probably tear a person apart).
See that would be a good point to mention when someone asks about coming into contact with one.  You forgot to mention the certain death aspect of the effects.
Nah, the world would live for a few hours, maybe even a day or two before all the heat bled off. 
This irks me in many sci fi movies and tvshows: they must evacuate the planet not because the planet will become dead, but because their solar system will collapse to black hole. And that comes with funny time effects too!Looking at you stargate. 
This comment went over my head, but over time I wish I reach a stage where I understand, and also do research, on these topics. I want to pursue a career in research. 
Thank you! I got all of that, such a crisp explanation.Also, your use of _ to name the constants got me thinking, are you a programmer?
How is the planck temperature defined?
That's what I meant. You can get above M_P with enough intensity and great focusing.
So the poppy seed sized black hole would have a negligible effect on the area surrounding it as a black hole but, were the poppy seed somehow actually turned into a black hole, upon it expiring,  it would level the plot of land it happened to be on? 
can you shoot it with a laser and counteract the evaporation? 
> Only internal energy contributes to the mass. Overall kinetic energy doesn't.Then why does giving particles more kinetic energy before collision in the LHC or RHIC cause more mass to pop out than they went in with?
>Also theoretically, you'd be killed by something very poorly defined shortly after entering the event horizon, completely annihilated.More on this? What's the poorly defined stuff called?
> Your username is the bees' knees.And yours is...biblical! :)Thanks for the reply. I've read the middle two of your links already; I'll check out the other two as I have time.
So, couple things: black holes don't just suck up stuff like vacuum cleaners. For example; if our sun just spontaneously turned into a black hole one day, with the same mass, the planet orbits would stay exactly the same. We would continue orbiting like any other star system.If I recall, we've either made or theoretically have the capabilities to make extremely tiny black holes for a fraction of a second, by smashing atoms into each other, generating extreme pressure. I don't think we could make anything that could eat the solar system, considering... Where we gonna get all that mass? Mass doesn't just show up out of nowhere. You're gonna need a lot of it to distrupt orbits. And you're gonna need a mind-boggling amount of energy to condense all that mass. 
There is no difference in the sucking effect (gravitational pull) of a black hole object and a non-black hole object, presuming that they have the same mass. The reason why we speak of black holes sucking things in is because they need to have enormous mass in order to occur naturally, and thus they have a very high gravitational pull.
No. Keep in mind, a black hole is very compact, but it doesn't generate gravity from nothing. Were the Earth to be sucked into one, the resulting black hole (if it wasn't planet-massed before) would behave almost exactly as the Earth is already doing. Similarly, were the sun to be reduced to a black hole, it would become a lot smaller, but its mass and gravity wouldn't change, and all the planets would orbit as though nothing had changed.By extension, a black hole to suck in the solar system would need to be heavier than the sun. In fact, it would need to be just as heavy as a not-black hole that could suck in all bodies solar system.
[removed]
can atoms be compressed indefinitely? it just makes no sense to me that billions upon billions atoms or molecules could fit into the space of a 1/1000th of a proton.   Or is it some form of pure energy at that point without a size? I understand that mass and energy are the same and all matter in the universe was probably in a infinitely small area at one point, but I can't picture how they fit into that little room. 
Is there a way we can calculate how much energy it would take to compress 3.5 million KG to this size?Would it be more, less, or exactly equal to the amount of energy we receive from our black hole in one hour?
Fascinating, really puts things into perspective for phenomena that are difficult for the human brain to comprehend....
Wouldn't we need a quantum theory of gravity to make this claim? We already don't know the physics at that small of scales, much less when you add that much gravity to the mix 
Does this imply anything about whether electrons are or are not black holes? I may be remembering wrongly whether this possibility was suggested but it sounds like they are not massive enough but maybe they have a really, really small diameter.
Except that the ring singularity at the heart of a  rotating black hole will have a nonzero radius.
If the singularities are all the same size and if the density at a singularity is infinite then how can some black holes be bigger or have larger event horizons than others?  Are some zero dimensional points larger than others?  Or are some infinite densities more massive than others?  
I am not, granted. But I don't believe that figure is counting things up the food chain, so to speak, either.  
If you add more mass the power output decreases.  Super massive blackholes only put out power a billionth of a degree above absolute zero.  Somewhere there is an amount that should be usable.
I didn't know what the exact numbers were; but my first thought was that 3.5 million kg of matter-energy transforming nearby in an hour couldn't be good.
And wouldn't much of that energy during that last hour be absurdly high energy x-rays with a bunch of neutrinos that'll pass through the planet, etc?
For me the best way to envision a black hole is as just a single large elementary particle, without any internal structure.
Nothing. For eternity. There is no mass left in the universe, and the heat energy is uniformly thin. The universe in audibly sighs with relief as it finally wins its fight against entropy. There is nothing, everywhere. 
Possibly nothing until infinite time and random quantum fluctuations create something.I've heard arguments against this. If someone could elaborate on what I'm vaguely referencing we'd all appreciate it. 
It's my understanding that eventually all matter has to converge because all mass has gravity and there is no limit to gravity's reach.
There will not be one last giant black hole. Even as we speak the universe continues to expand and there are no signs that this will stop.
Conservation of matter rule applies only to low energy closed systems. At high energy things are a lot more interesting, energy and matter become interchangeable.
Conservation of matter says that matter cannot be created or destroyed. It isn't. It is converted into energy. This is what E=MC^2 is referring to. That formula tells us how much energy mass can become.
because it loses more mass as it gets smaller, leading to a faster mass loss, until the runaway process is fast enough to cause 'an explosion'
Black Holes gives off energy (and thus mass) in the form of hawking radiation and so a blackhole that does not take in mass or energy is expected to shrink over time and eventually evaporate away. Most black holes are large enough they take in more energy from sources like the CMB to more than overcome that process and until the universe cools a lot more than it currently is they'll keep existing. Smaller black holes will evaporate very quickly however, and the smaller it gets the faster it does so. A black hole with a mass under a couple hundred tons will radiate all that mass energy away in under a second. A blackhole with less than a ton of mass will radiate that mass away in just over a billionth of a second. So that makes for an awful lot of energy being released in a very short period of time, and the power output (energy per second) increases very very very fast. also we're not quite sure how they actually die exactly. At some point the mass gets down to the point where the mass energy of the black hole and the mass energy needed to produce a particle for hawking radiation are the same, and iirc at that point hawking's calculations break down and stop working.   
The key with this one, is that Hawking radiation increases inverse to the mass of the black hole, so as it decreases, the amount of mass radiated off increase Exponentially, and the size decreases accordingly. It's a feedback loop, and it's explosion because of the exponential growth of the radiation. That said, explosion is usually defined as something expanding faster than the speed of sound I believe, which is why gunpowder, in an open environment, only conflagrates. So I don't know if it's an actual explosion, how fast is Hawking radiation? 
YesYes but no. No and not even close by many many many orders of magnitude. Ok so, the last few seconds of a blackhole give off quite a bit of energy. Nothing even close in total output compared to a supernova say, but still quite a lot. If you want to be a little optimistic we might be able to spot this happening with things like Fermi etc. The energy is given off as hawking radiation, which takes the form of elementary particles. Even then iirc it should mostly produce photons? It certainly doesn't fling new elements out into the universe like the death of a star does. In the final year of a blackholes life it has a mass measurable in tons, and any non-photon particle produced by hawking radiation would still need to be traveling very close to c. you're not getting a cloud out of that, let alone enough mass to make a solar system. 
It would all be ejected as hawking radiation, infrared. This is my own personal theory but I believe that near the end there would be a small amount of mass, truly tiny, after the black hole dissipates,due to the necessary matter/energy constraints of becoming/remaining a black hole necessitating a Planck mass. So when the hole dissipates to a Planck mass in size, it would stop emitting radiation and leave behind this tiny nugget of mass.  No data to back that up, just a personal theory of mine. 
> black holes have charge. A charged black hole could be easily contained in a magnetic field!Given that our 100 watt lightbulb-powering black hole would weigh on the order of a trillion metric tons, I'm not sure it's going to be easy to contain it in a magnetic field. :)
What happens to the charge of the black hole when it evaporates?
interstellar gas with a density on the order of 1 H per cubic meter - Could you use that to make a black hole ramjet?
Actually, at 100 Watts of luminosity, it would only weigh .0000000003162 earth masses.
The (hypothetical) machine needed to produce one would probably kill you before it can produce such a black hole.
Hydrothermal vents could perhaps support life much longer, being supplied by geothermal energy (in turn powered by radioactive decay and tidal heating) and insulated by our frozen atmosphere and a thick solid ocean layer.
You can still produce power with nuclear plants. Build one in a well-insulated spot (probably underground), and produce heat and light with it.
so... they have to evaporate because the average temperature is about to become -300 degrees....when the sun just goes out. 
To be fair that was a different situation: they arrived on a planet that was already in the vicinity of a black hole.
Why not go deep underground to buy some time?
OMG i never thought of that! now i'll have to keep this in mind during the next rewatch!
>Also, your use of _ to name the constants got me thinking, are you a programmer? Is that too obvious?Jokes aside, it's the same in TeX, so I just use that in hope that a good fraction of people will mentally parse it. In alternative I could use the \[\; \;\] tags but it's really annoying for people who haven't got the extension installed.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Planck_temperatureIt's somewhat involved, but it's involved in setting the Boltzmann constant, which has to do with the kinetic energy in a gas at a given temperature, to 1.To get the right units, you need to take its reciprocal, and multiply by an energy. Since the Boltzmann constant is very small in everyday terms, the reciprocal is very large, as is the accompanying planck energy.
Citations and/or math would be really interesting here.
Yes. Negligible gravitational effect, but it would do some very local damage as it explodes.
A poppy seed mass black hole would explode within fractions of a second. Its gravitational attraction wouldn't be relevant at any point.
It would also take a gigantic amount of energy to compress your poppy seed into a black hole - I would expect it would be orders of magnitude more than 10 tons of TNT if that was even possible.
Theoretically yes, but your laser would need to be hitting it the very instant it is created so the black hole doesn't immediately expire and your laser would need to be putting in more energy than the black hole is putting out. I believe someone else on here mentioned a poppy seed would put out the energy of approximately 10 Tons of TNT so your laser would need to be incredibly powerful
Because the mass of the composite system particle 1 + particle 2 is increased by their kinetic energy, because that energy is internal for it. But the mass of the single particles is not affected. In relativity, the mass of a composite system is not equal to the sum of the masses of the subsystems.
Because in a collider, increasing the kinetic energy of the beams increases the invariant mass of the system as a whole. Each individual particle keeps its same mass no matter how fast it's moving.
A firewall. It could mean something other than a literal wall of fire, and given the context in which it was explained at the time, it might have been a figurative expression of you might die immediately; we're not sure rather than a literal description of how that would happen.Most authorities posit that, given the example of the 40-billion-solar-mass black hole (for example) you'd be unable to move in any direction but forward (or that forward would be the only direction left to move in, like a 2D side-scrolling video game which auto-advances), but that you would move forward for some length of time (being about 9 light-days from the singularity, at that point) before anything terribly bad happened. 
Where'd you get the last paragraph from? I'm pretty sure that would be a huge breakthrough. 
Cool. Do you have any interesting reading on black holes/space you'd recommend?
In short, you'd need a black hole so massive, it would end up on a collision course with the Sun, and all the mass in the solar system (outside of the Sun), brought into Earth's orbit, wouldn't be enough for that.So, at the point where you're moving more mass around than *that*, the black hole itself is relatively trivial.
Keep in mind, this tiny thing would be releasing more energy every second than a gigaton bomb.
E = mc^2, and the rate at which that conversion happens speeds up as a black hole gets lighter. It wouldn't so much crush you as scour your flimsy corpse into so much irradiated dust.
If it were stable and emitting no radiation (which won't happen but let's pretend), the thing would actually just zip right through you and you wouldn't even notice.
i read a scifi shortstory some time ago where a tiny black hole with quite some speed traveled through a starsystem and wrecked pretty much the whole starsystem even though it was pretty much invisible, because you know, mass and gravity and such ......
Heavy enough to crush you - if it was spread out much much wider. As it is, it'd likely pass through you without you even noticing. You'd maybe lose a couple of atoms to it that it was unlucky enough to coincide with, but you're mostly empty space really. There'd be a trace of radiation. 
>Or is it some form of pure energy at that point without a size?This is correct. When people say Black Hole, they can mean either the event horizon or the singularity. The singularity is the black whole itself - its the thing giving rise to the event horizon, which is the edge of the area around the singularity beyond which nothing can escape. We cant know for sure what a singularity is, because it breaks down the known laws of physics, but it is essentially a *one-dimensional point with infinite density*. It has mass, but takes up no space; has no size. Black holes are what happens when you compress something so much that no force in the universe can prevent its compression. It just keeps falling in, and in, and in, and in...
> an atoms be compressed indefinitely?No. Black holes are most surely not composed of atoms. For me the best way to envision a black hole is as just a large elementary particle, without any internal structure.
Well I'm not really qualified in this by any matter. But my understanding is that particles don't really have a physical size. Each proton and neutron is made up of three quarks, and these quarks are ~~singularities~~ (edit: probably not the right word), i.e. infinitely small, but with energy pushing other quarks away.When we think of an atom having a size, it's just the radius where it's starting to push away other atoms, and it's starting to get tough to push them together.So it's all a bunch of infinitely small points, thus they can always be pushed more and more close together, if you apply enough force. But like someone above said, when you apply more force you give the system more energy and thus more mass.
99.999999% of everything you observe around you is, in fact, empty space.
>  infinitely small area at one pointWell... yes and no. Expansion of the universe doesn't equal growth in size, but in depth. That infinitely small area at the beginning was everywhere. Then it exploded into everywhere and nowadays we know that more and more everywhere is constantly being created. That's what makes it look like other galaxies and literally everything around us is moving away from us. (ignoring any gravitational effects here).In reality, more space in between us any everything else around us comes into existence. I don't know if there's actual a word for this and I refuse to use is being created.
Let's put it this way: inside a black hole, space and time are curved so much that compression towards an infinitely dense point is as inevitable as Monday turning into Tuesday.
Density isn't important at the singularity. Density is a division by zero and is undefined. What matters is the total energy. Which is related to mass via relativity. And at a distance R from the singularity, the escape velocity of the mass is the speed of light, and thus there is an event horizon. 
So what happens to mass that's left out there that doesn't decay?
Mass can convert to energy. Can it happen the other way too such that the universe could eventually reconstitute itself?
I've always thought it was the big crunch, where gravity eventually causes the universe to start to contract.Either way, I'm curious if there's a way to survive the heat death and make it to the next universe.
Yes but the expansion of the universe already overpowers gravity and will continue to do so as expansion accelerates. There also is a limit to gravity's reach. If the object is far enough and space is expanding fast enough you reach a point where that object cannot affect you at all whatsoever. If light from this object can't reach you then neither can gravity.
Wrist about the opposite?  Is there any mechanism for energy to become mass?If not it seems like eventually everything ends as bland cold dust until an eventual crunch of some sort compacts everything together but eventually if all matter is converted into energy then what is left for that energy to act upon?Seems like all energy then.
Ah that makes sense!Sorry for another followup but how does it lose mass faster when it's smaller, with presumably a smaller surface area to be radiating from?
I thought that hawking radiation was proportional to surface area? Won't it reduce as it shrinks, instead of increase? My impression was that small black holes had much lower lifespans because mass is proportional to volume, and hawking radiation was proportional to surface area, making lifespan proportional to surface area over volume? (so linearly proportional to radius by some factor)
Thank you for the detailed answers
The black hole goes where its momentum wants to go. Your containment field drags the ship along with it.
[removed]
Sure, but I was working under the assumption that we didn't have advance warning of the Sun going black hole. I doubt any of the current infrastructure is situated correctly to have this work out, and if it did, I doubt the guy sitting behind the control panel is the guy you want to pick to be the lone survivor of humanity.Given sufficient warning, yes we could probably manage to keep a few hundred/thousand people alive.  Just like given sufficient advance warning we could probably stick them all into a generation-ship and send them off to a non-black-hole-star. 
Sure, but when it's that cold, they call it sublimation, not evaporation.   Because they'd be frozen.   From the -300 nonspecific temperature scale.   Ok I'll go now. 
I just had to check SG wiki, and [apparently](http://stargate.wikia.com/wiki/A_Matter_of_Time) it was binary system, and one sun was eating the other, turned into black hole and that moment everything went to hell. I still don't like it.This happens more often in scifi, but many people seem to think black holes are kinda magic heavy vacuums and becoming black hole makes it so much stronger.
Oh, so we set Planck temperature to be the temperature when 3/2 T equals the kinetic energy?
[Original paper by Wheeler](https://journals.aps.org/pr/abstract/10.1103/PhysRev.97.511)[Here is one suggested machine](https://arxiv.org/abs/hep-th/9402104) and [here is a discussion of the potential application](https://arxiv.org/abs/0908.1803).
[removed]
Yeah black hole is a good name for the huge star-sized ones, but not so much for these. These are more blazing white radiation-spewing death specks.
Does that mean we could use a black hole to turn matter into energy?
Would it be theoretically possible to create a reactor that uses a black hole to create energy from matter? How dangerous would it be?
Put two together orbiting one another and you just made a degeneracy drive from Gunbuster, and can start making warp drives and throwing the equivalent of an office building around at sublight speed.
Ohhh he'd notice alright... for 3.5 million kgs of mass to vaporize to energy in an hour, it would be radiating MASSIVE amounts of energy :P
From the gravity, at least. The radiation this thing would be spewing would be... problematic, to say the least.
>it is essentially a *one-dimensional point with infinite density*. It has mass, but takes up no space; has no size.This may sound a bit pedantic, but a point - an object with no size that occupies no space - is *zero*-dimensional. It has no length, height or width - no measure in any direction. A one-dimensional object is a line, or something else as I'll explain in a minute.Here's where the distinction becomes important; what I've just described is known as a point singularity, which sits at the centre of a nonrotating black hole. A *rotating* black hole instead has a *ring* singularity. A ring singularity is a one-dimensional object - it has a radius but no thickness in any direction.
Not a physicist, but isn't a point zero dimensional under most definitions of dimension?
To clarify, the event horizon is not actually a physical thing, it's a term to denote the perimeter around the physical singularity at which point Its gravitational force is strong enough to trap photons.
So I would assume that the area or space around the singularity which is encompassed by the event horizon is somehow proportional to the mass of the singularity, which is why we say that black holes have certain sizes at all (like the 5 zetametas mentioned above).  If so, it would seem intuitive to me that all matter that passes the event horizon is somehow compressed and stored within that space.   Coming back to my original question however, I have now learned that fundamental particles (to our understanding) are point particles and don't have a size in the usual sense. Assuming the structure atoms and protons are destroyed when they enter the black hole, and only fundamental particles remain, there seems to be no problem in packing them all into a small area of space. 
This explanation of a black hole is very outdated now. It's more than likely that there isn't even such a thing as a singularity. Even Steven Hawkins no longer supports this interpretation of black holes.
But black holes have a finite lifespan of denied additional matter to add to their singularity, right?  I would be interesting if in a million years, astronomers see a supermassive black hole that died.  Wouldn't we be able to see some of the singularity left over? Kind of like the same concept of a white dwarf?
Thank you. Makes sense to imagine a black hole as being a soup of fundamental particles that don't have a size themselves I suppose. 
Wait, so all the matter in the universe takes up no actual space, it all just pushes on other matter when it gets too close?
I find it better to describe the mechanism of universal expansion as a stretching effect of the space between objects.  Think of it as though it is not necessarily the space itself being created, or necessarily expanding either.  Just that the same amount of atoms occupying that space are gaining distance between each other.  Obviously, gravitational interactions play some role in this phenomenon as well; however, the general idea is that there is more space today between atoms from here to the triangulum galaxy than there was yesterday. Hopefully that makes some sense.
I wonder if space-time can be curved to heavily that it loops around itself somehow. Perhaps that's whats going on in there? ;)
Falls into a black hole because gravity then dissipates with the black hole as energy 
Unfortunately the big crunch won't happen since the universe is expanding at an ever increasing rate. 
> Is there any mechanism for energy to become mass?Yes, and we have done it in a lab.https://www.sciencedaily.com/releases/1997/09/970918045841.htm>eventually if all matter is converted into energy then what is left for that energy to act upon?Nothing. Thats the ultimate fate of the universe, an even distribution of energy -- heat with no matter anywhere in the universe. That's why it's called heat death
To my knowledge, the radiation occurs as a quirk of quantum mechanics, where a pair of virtual particles that usually appear, interact, and annihilate each other, instead end with one of the pair falling behind the event horizon. Without the twin, the other particle can escape, which we call Hawking Radiation. The greater the mass of the black hole, the greater the odds of both particles getting swept up, which means no Hawking Radiation is emitted in that case. As the mass and size of the black hole decreases, the increased rate of the above interaction occurs faster than the decrease in size.
Maybe because it holds itself together less tightly?
as it gets smaller, the ratio of surface area to swarzchild volume increases, and since it is getting smaller, the energy coming off is packed into a denser volume as well
Thanks friend. 
Yeah, it would have an effective surface temperature of 35 quadrillion degrees Kelvin, which is 10 million time hotter than the core of stars that are about to go supernova. It's hard to think of that as in any way black.
Are these real or just hypothesized?  In other words, do I really need another baseless fear?
[removed]
Is there a name for these tiny black holes? Something like a white dot?
Would they be lethal? Wouldn't the gravitational pull of such tiny black hole be kind of pathetic outside its event horizon? I don't really know how gravity works.
[removed]
Sure. But it's not particularly practical until we know how to create black holes.
That is correct, although you *have to* keep the singularity fed or it will evaporate -- and it takes considerable energy or mass to create one. This particular application has not been lost on science fiction writers -- the best (and most scientifically rigorous) example I know of is *Earth* by David Brin. The catch as well is that the singularity is quite heavy and non-portable, and the gravitational strain and radiation may damage the vessel containing it.
You could build a space station around a small black hole, collect the energy it's dumping out, and dump mass in to it to maintain its size, effectively giving you a factory converting mass into energy and very high efficiency.  But it would be problematic finding one that size.  It would either have to be created artifically, or be primordial (created in the big bang) and precisely at the right stage in its evaporation.  What are the odds of finding something that rare that also lived for 13.7 billion years and is within a century of when it's going to die?
Only if you find some tritium and a couple of robotic arms. Good luck with that, btw!
You would probably need most of the energy it releases to compress it in the first place. It would be better just to use fission.
I can already see this as our super weapon in the future( kinda like our nuclear option now ). We have just arrived at an alien planet and it has life that our Mother ship can't conquer on its own. Not only that but through skirmishes it's shown that we might actually have a chance at losing the war and our ability to further populate the cosmos. Our mother ship will be no more. So what do we do? We drop a miniature black hole in a Capitol city that lasts for 1 earth hour and destroys a large portion of their planet and likely their atmosphere allowing their Air To escape and wreaking havoc on their local ecosystem. We harvest what's left for food fuel and construction materials and start our journey towards the next Star with signs of a habital planet 
It would need quite a bit of mass to keep the energy down to a usable level. It's hard to say what would happen if it dropped through the crust and started orbiting the earth's center of gravity. 
Not sure if even massive amply describes it. The thing would be trillions of degrees.
Wouldn't a ring singularity be 2D? 
It is, my fault. I was conflating it with the phenomenon /u/dismantlepiece is describing.
>So I would assume that the area or space around the singularity which is encompassed by the event horizon is somehow proportional to the mass of the singularity, which is why we say that black holes have certain sizes at all (like the 5 zetametas mentioned above).Yup. The singularity that is the black hole itself has no volume. But the event horizon will be directly proportional to the mass, since more mass = bigger gravitational pull. 
What replaces the singularity in modern theories?
I'm not formally educated in the matter, so I can't really say! To my understanding, a black hole disappears because it loses mass until none is left, and to my understanding a singularity without mass can't exist.
A black hole loses mass in the form of radiation until it evaporates.There's no such thing as some of a singularity, kind of like how there's no such thing as half of a hole (Or maybe in exactly the opposite kind of way). If you look at two singularities and one has half as much mass as the other, they'd still be exactly the same size. A 0-dimensional object has no dimensions that it can grow into.
Additionally the most common hypothesis is that it is not a soup, but just a singularity. 
As sirgog pointed out, it's not a soup of anything: the black hole singularity can't be said to consist of anything at all. It's physically indescribable.
This can't really be explained without being extremely technical, but basically yes. Atoms are extremely sparse inside themselves.
Human population would apparently fit into a sugar cube if the space was taken out.
Well, yeah, the International Space Station is travelling in a straight line along a geodesic, but that geodesic just curves around the Earth. Hence the ISS travels in circles.And [closed time-like curves](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Closed_timelike_curve) are a thing, but they tend to require exotic matter or other bizarre conditions (though rotating black holes might have them).But for regular black holes; no, it's just really strong gravity.
Will it ever stop increasing and start slowing down?
You're really good at explaining this in understandable terms.  Thanks a ton.
Why does the antimatter half of the virtual particle fall in more often? Why wouldn't the matter and the antimatter half fall in at the same rate,  resulting in no net change to the mass of the black hole?      
Yes, but since the total surface area decreases, shouldn't the total energy radiated off decrease? The radiated energy over black hole mass increases, but total energy radiated decreases. Or am i wrong here?
[There is a solution](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1508.02312.pdf), it's just not a very useful one. Sundman's solution is a really slowly converging power series, and it converges so slowly that it just makes more sense to integrate the orbits numerically.There are also simplified solutions in special cases, like Lagrange points.
In addition to the fact that there is a solution as /u/iorgfeflkd mentioned you should probably know that it is *extremely* special for a differential equation to have exact solutions in terms of the 'standard' special functions.
Plants do breathe through roots, requiring a specific gas exchange of oxygen. Waterlogged soil inhibits this and changes important metabolic processes in species intolerant of waterlogged conditions. http://urbanforestry.frec.vt.edu/documents/articles/WisemanArboristNews13(3).pdfhttp://hillsborough.ifas.ufl.edu/prohort/files/pdf/publications/HC-SoilSaturation.pdfhttp://www.scielo.br/scielo.php?script=sci_arttext&pid=S0103-90162014000600009
[removed]
Water wants to flow into areas of high solute concentration (i.e. the cell). [This image shows what happens to red blood cells](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tonicity#/media/File:Osmotic_pressure_on_blood_cells_diagram.svg) when the blood (plasma) has too little water, equal water, and too much water. In the last image, the blood-plasma (extracellular environment) has too much water and want to rush into the cell. If there is enough water the cell can rupture (lysis). The cell cant simply ignore the rest of the water. If enough osmotic pressure (force over area) exists it will overcome the Van der Waals forces that keep the lipid bilayer intact. (F-omotic > F-membrane, lysis)Edit: To clarify, plant cells have cell walls so the concept to keep in mind is really [turgor pressure](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Turgor_pressure). I suppose this makes them more resilient to lysis as the F-membrane in this case is F-cell wall and is much larger. The above comment is probably more applicable.
Many recurring cycles have been identified which are believed to influence global and regional, medium to long term *climate* patterns.  These quasi-periodic fluctuations may involve atmospheric temperature, sea surface temperature, precipitation or other parameters, and have periods ranging from multi-annual, to multidecadal, to millennial or longer.On the other hand, *weather* describes the state of the lower atmosphere (troposphere) at a given location across much smaller timescales.  The troposphere is a chaotic system, meaning small random changes in one part of the system can grow to have large effects on the system as a whole.  Because of this, it is theoretically impossible to make useful day-to-day weather predictions beyond about two weeks.  Because of our limited understanding of all the driving forces of our climate, its numerous natural cycles and their complex, dynamic interactions with one another, and because weather is by definition chaotic, **it's not possible to say that anything did or did not change to produce the recent rain/snow.**Which leaves us with the Null Hypothesis:  **TL;DL:** It's just weather within the limits of natural climatic variability.
There's a weather pattern called the Madden Julian oscillation.  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Madden%E2%80%93Julian_oscillationWhen that lines up right, California gets the pineapple express, which means a bunch of storms get sent  over california rather then more north and into the central US.
The MJO is much less likely to be influencing the weakening of a drought than interannual changes such as ENSO or decadal oscillations like the Pacific Decadal Oscillation (PDO). Even though an MJO creating a Pineapple express event could bring extreme rains to California, the temporal scale is not long enough. First, the MJO typically speeds up over the eastern pacific as it becomes less convectively active, this means that passage over the Americas is shorter than in other regions of the world. The MJO typically has a period between 30-45 days (though some literature does give a high end of 60). Second, although the event is extreme it is relatively short. Only a few days in length. Flooding can be an issue, but one issue with flooding is that the ground is already saturated (or the rainfall exceeds the saturation rate of the surface) therefore the flood waters will typically become runoff following the terrain to the the exit of whatever watershed they are in. It may also be of note that southern California relies very much on the icepack in the nearby mountains to have ample water. A winter with increased snowfall means a spring with increased melt-water, and as long as it does not melt before the growing season a weakening of the drought.Overall I would chalk the weakening of the drought to most likely being related to inter-annual and inter-decadal changes more than anything. 
The amount is not constant, though it is practically constant. We can get water a couple ways:When it falls to Earth from space, there is a lot of water vapor and ice floating around up there. And, to a much lesser degree, when hydrogen reacts with oxygen this is new water. Every time you burn a hydrogen flame you are creating new water that didn't exist. Though this accounts for much less water than the former process does.We do lose a bit of water, as particularly energetic water reaches the upper atmosphere and blows away on the solar winds and the like. Though this is currently pretty negligible. Overall our total water supply on Earth is pretty stable. 
[removed]
> And, to a much lesser degree, when hydrogen reacts with oxygen this is new water. Every time you burn a hydrogen flame you are creating new water that didn't exist. Though this accounts for much less water than the former process does.I don't think hydrogen combustion counts as creating new water unless the H is primordial. If it was obtained directly from water through electrolysis,or indirectly from terrestrial hydrocarbons which got it from water, you're just reforming the original water.New water has to come from outside the ecosphere, i.e. space.
I would define new as any combination of oxygen and hydrogen which reacted together for the first timeThough I would probably still not call hydrogen that is reacted after under going electrolysis new, but that's my uneducated definition and I agree it's not particularly useful. 
H could come from volcanic/hydrothermal processes as well. At least part of that would have been of primordial origin.
Why don't we make our own freshwater? Why can't we filter ocean water?
Think of the tallest buildings man has made. The current record holder is the Burj Khalifa, at 2,717'. That's barely over 1/2 mile high. Rockets are launched into space. Low Earth orbit is between 99 miles and 1,200 miles. Even if you could build a launch pad as high as the tallest building on earth, you're only saving yourself 1/2 mile of travel distance, at the cost of building an incredibly complicated launch pad and making it far less accessible. It's far easier to just build on the ground and design your rocket to handle that extra 1/2 mile of flight.
It doesn't matter very much how high a rocket is launched from; the goal isn't just to get the rocket very high, because it will just fall back down unless it reaches orbital velocity. So no matter what the initial altitude is, the rocket has to expend roughly the same energy to reach orbital velocity. 
While it is true that getting into orbit isn't about height so much as it is about speed, air resistance does play a major role as well. So lifting the rocket out of the dense lower atmosphere before launch would provide an energetic advantage. (Also, launch at lower ambient pressure would make nozzle design of the first stage simpler, but I won't go into detail for sake of brevity.) However, as previous comments have pointed out, a structure tall enough to extend beyond the lower atmosphere (roughly 10km for sake of argument) would be so difficult to build, maintain and launch from that it's just not worth the effort.With that said, some rockets **are** launched from taller launchpads, just maybe not in the sense you're imagining. The Pegasus is a small carrier rocket that is launched from an L-1011 airplane at an altitude of about 40'000ft. That way, the rocket does not have to fly through the turbulent, dense lower atmosphere itself. Jet engines that breathe ambient air are much more efficient than rocket engines and an airplane can fly at more difficult weather conditions.This method has its limits though. The Pegasus has a cargo capacity of about half a ton and weighs about 20 tons. Bigger rockets that can carry heavy, multi-ton communication satellites or space probes weigh many hundred tons, making them much too large and bulky to be launched from existing airplanes.
That's a good question and deserves a good answer...1) Making orbit is two issues * Potential Energy from climbing up some 300 miles or so above the earths' surface.* Kinetic Energy from going some 20X the speed of sound.NowIf you crank the numbers, 85% of the energy is that kinetic energy, the rest is potential energy, air drag, gravity losses....  So, Ordinarily, Altitude is such a small chunk that adding some height to the launch pad is useless.However, most nozzles are designed for Sea Level or Vacuum.You size the nozzles to atmospheric back pressure, so if you were on top of Everest, you could make the nozzles almost twice as bigthis is a nice gain,  but, the problem is multi fold of going off a big mountain.* It's hard dragging all that stuff up a mountain. Rockets, technicians, propellants, radars, parts, etc...* Most mountains don't have big work areas. Places for assembly, repair, vehicles, etc.. Kourou, Cape Canaveral, Baikonour, these are all big places.* People don't work well at high altitude.  Mountaineers are healthy,people. Most engineers live on coffee and cookies.* The commuting sucks.  Imagine having to ride a tram car up 15,000feet just to get to work?* Most mountains aren't close to the equator or have people living down range.You want ocean down range.  Bad Juju to drop a rocket on a village.So that's why.It's not a bad idea technically but it's misery operationally.
I seem to remember in Kerbal Space Program I expended the majority of my fuel trying to get out of the denser atmosphere.  I couldnt really start turning horizontal to gain groundspeed until I cleared most of the atmosphere first.
Depends what version you played, but bear in mind that KSP is a game and doesn't teach everything.That being said, the atmosphere used to stop at 10km in KSP.  How much energy would you need to create a 10km high launch pad?  How do you get the rocket up there for each launch?You could launch from a site on a mountain right?  Sure, but again there's the logistics.  The US Cape launch site is close to the equator and launches in an Easterly direction, and is near to existing infrastructure such as cities and roads.
KSP is quite a bit different. The atmosphere in KSP is extremely thick relative to the planet size. Kerbin is about 10% as wide as Earth. Everything is super dense.In KSP it takes almost the same amount of energy to get out of the atmosphere and and up to orbital altitude as on Earth, but only takes a fraction of the energy to get up to orbital speed compared to Earth.
Well, atmospheric density isn't irrelevant, but the primary factor you are describing is just that if you turn horizontal before you have a lot of speed, you're just going to lose altitude pointlessly. It takes some altitude before you reach a high enough speed to start turning horizontal. 
Velocity is certainly the most important thing, but height matters as well. After all, if you could magically rise vertically at a constant rate of 1 m/s, eventually you would find yourself in orbit around the Earth. Even ignoring the atmosphere, launching from a height of say, 5 km, or 5,000 m, would be equal to a delta v of 315 m/s, (freefall energy equivalent). The Earth's tangential velocity at the equator is 465 m/s, so this is of a similar scale. Considering the exponential nature of the rocket equation, the initial modest boost in speed can make a big difference. I think the biggest problem as you mention would likely just be logistics. From a physics point of view, the ideal place to launch rockets might be the peak of [Mt. Chimborazo](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chimborazo). However, there really just isn't a lot of infrastructure out there. Not even launch infrastructure, just the lack of nearby normal industrial infrastructure would make it problematic. 
I think the answer to your question is in the details. Electromagnets are made out of metallic coils, and they produce strong magnetic fields when large currents pass through them. When they're off, currents can still be produced in them by induction when a magnetic field varies nearby: this varying magnetic field accelerates charges in the metallic coils, and these moving charges in turn generate a magnetic field opposite to the one that produced them, effectively generating an attractive force. This is a consequence of Faraday's law of induction:https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Faraday%27s_law_of_inductionIn the experiment you describe, the first electromagnet will turn on and off, producing a short magnetic pulse that will travel to the other magnet, which will feel first as a force pushing one way in the turning on phase (when the magnetic field is rising), and then pushing the opposite way in the turning off phase (when the field is falling back to zero). The first turning on of the second magnet will produce a magnetic field that will grow to a certain value and then stabilize. When this varying field reaches the first magnet, it will induce a current in it and a force pushing one way (but not the other way, because the second magnet remained on). The current produced in the first magnet will produce a field that will travel back to the second magnet, and so on. This period is known as a transient, and eventually a steady state will be reached where the first magnet will be off, the second will be on, but no forces will be present. However, during the transient at every point the forces will be balanced thanks to magnetic induction, and momentum will be conserved.
There are a few naturally occurring isotopes that emit positrons (including K40, which you can find in bananas), and some exotic isotopes that are produced in particle accelerators. This is how the positron-emitting glucose for [positron emission tomography](https://www.physicsforums.com/insights/basics-positron-emission-tomography-pet/) is made.For larger particles like antiprotons, it's generally done by smashing particles into walls really fast, and then siphoning off the relevant particles that are produced. They are however are a rare component of cosmic radiation.
As for conservation of mass:Einstein showed that mass is actually energy in different units (rest energy, to be precise)c^(2) is the conversion factor between themand so it's only conserved in a closed system. That's E*_0_* = mc^(2).Before the electron and positron annihilate, the rest energy of the closed system includes the rest energy of the electron, the rest energy of the positron, and the kinetic energy of both (we calculate their kinetic energy in the system's center-of-momentum frame):E*_0 electron_* + E*_0 positron_* + KE*_electron_* + KE*_positron_*.After the annihilation, all that's left are two photons. The rest energy of the closed system now includes only the (purely kinetic) energy of the two photons:KE*_photon 1_* + KE*_photon 2_*.This sum must equal the sum we calculated before the annihilation. Rest energy (mass) of the closed system is conserved. (To convert to mass units, we'd divide by c^(2), as per Einstein's equation.)
This touches on the nature of particle physics.In a very simplified form: any particle reaction that *can* happen *will* happen with some probability. But some types of particle reactions are forbidden, due to various conservation laws. There's conservation of energy (aka mass), of course. But other conservation rules like conservation of electric charge, conservation of lepton number, baryon number, momentum, and so on.One might ask why is an electron stable, and a lot of that has to do with the fact that it is blocked from participating in particle reactions that could help shed its mass-energy into other particles because there's no convenient way to get rid of its electric charged, the electron is the lightest charged particle. But a sibling particle to the electron like a muon is not the lightest charged particle, it has ways of getting rid of its charge, precisely by emitting an electron, as it happens. A muon can easily shed its conserved quantities by emitting a muon-neutrino (which takes care of the muon-ness and lepton number conservation), an electron (which takes care of the electric charge, but introduces an electron-ness/lepton number imbalance), and an anti-electron neutrino (which balances the electron-ness back to zero). All of which each mass much less than the muon, with the remaining energy getting dumped into either photons or kinetic energy, because there's so much energy left over that reaction is fairly favorable from a probability standpoint, which means it typically happens very rapidly (in microseconds).But that provides a hint for an easy way out of the stability problem. If you want to make it possible for particle reactions to happen, the easiest thing you can do is simply add a bunch of free energy. If you add a bunch of kinetic energy that doesn't help because kinetic energy is reference frame dependent, and also you still have the conservation of momentum problem. If you add a bunch of kinetic energy to two separate things and smash them together, with roughly balanced out momentum, then you have a system with a bunch of extra energy left over. And that energy can cause particle reactions to occur. If you have energy then you can create particle/anti-particle pairs (which have naturally inverse quantum numbers, all those conserved quantities like lepton number and electric charge, to one another) which then head off in opposite direction (balancing out the net momentum as well). And that's how you can create anti-matter. You smash a bunch of high energy particles into something which then causes particle/anti-particle pair creation, and you separate out and collect the anti-particles. That's also why the process is so incredibly inefficient.
[removed]
Wait, are you saying bananas emit antimatter? 
Follow up question: how can a massless particle (photon) have KE if KE=M*V^2?
A little bit
Yes. Same with avocados, spinach, potatoes, concrete, etc.
That equation is only valid for massive particles traveling much slower than c.The correct general equation for kinetic energy is:KE = E - E*_0_*where E is total energy. If rest energy (mass) is 0, then E = KE. Then quantum mechanics tells us that a photon's energy is proportional to its frequency.
So .. Some exotic isotopes produced by smashing particles together close to the speed of light in particle accelerators emit antimatter... and bananas.
And anyone who's recently eaten one of those things.Well, except concrete.Well, including concrete, but don't eat it.
Yep. Isn't nature funny? 
The Heisenberg uncertainty principle tells you that the position and conjugate momentum operators cannot simultaneously be diagonalized. That means that the position and momentum of a particle cannot simultaneously be well-defined. And they obey a specific inequality, which states that the product of their uncertainties must always be greater than or equal to some constant. So the more precisely defined one is, the more spread out the other is.The way you move between the position and momentum bases in quantum mechanics is via a Fourier transform. If you have a wavefunction in coordinate-space and you want to find the wavefunction in momentum-space, you Fourier transform the coordinate-space wavefunction. And vice versa.Whenever you have Fourier conjugate variables like that, they obey a sort of uncertainty principle. You can see this by taking the Fourier transform of a few different functions.For example, take a [Dirac delta function](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dirac_delta_function). This is an infinitely thin spike. If you imagine this as a momentum-space wavefunction, it means that the particle has **exactly** some momentum. Let's take its Fourier transform and see what its coordinate-space wavefunction would be.The result is given [here](http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=fourier+transform(delta(t\)\)). It's just a constant. Wavefunctions are related to probability distributions. A delta function tells you that the particle has some given momentum with probability 1. The Fourier transform of a delta function is a constant, meaning that the coordinate-space wavefunction would be uniform. The particle is equally likely to be found at any point in space. In other words, you have absolutely no idea where you'll find it if you make a measurement. It has an exact momentum, but a totally imprecise position.Another interesting case is a Gaussian function. It's shown [here](http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=fourier+transform(exp(-t%5E2%2Fa%5E2\)\)). I gave the function a parameter a which represents the width of the Gaussian. You can see how a Gaussian with a small width will be Fourier-transformed into a Gaussian function with a large width, and vice versa.So you can see how the Fourier transform takes a distribution with a small spread to one with a bigger spread. The uncertainty principle is built in to the Fourier transform. And the Fourier transform has nothing necessarily to do with physics, it's just a mathematical technique.
Just to add to your last point, you can find a lot of familiar mathematics popping up in QM, and it doesn't imply some deeper natural relationship. The Riemann zeta function is another good example, or how Pi always crops up. That's more to do with how geometry or other techniques are employed to analyze the subject, than it is to do with some kind of fundamental truth.
Yeah, a little, if you light it. According to wikipedia, a candle puts out about 80 Watts of heat energy, which is about the same as what a human puts out. An 800 W heater can heat up a small room, so you should expect that filling a small room with 10 people or 10 candles will warm it up noticeably.  
No. An unlit candle will not help at all to warm up a room, assuming the candle is the same temperature as the room. If the candle was warmer than the room, it would add a very tiny amount of warmth to the room but not enough to serve any use. 
Place the center of the first circle with radius *R* at the origin. The center of the second circle is at (0, R/2), which we can represent as the complex number z*_2_* = *i*R/2. You can also think of z*_2_* as a vector **v***_2_* = (R/2)**e***_y_*. The center of the third circle is given by> **v***_3_* = **v***_2_* + R*_90-degrees_***v***_2_*/2That is, we take the previous vector representing the previous center, rotate it by 90 degrees, divide it by 2, and add it to the previous vector. The operation of rotation by 90 degrees and dividing by 2 is represented by multiplying a complex number by *i*/2. In other words,> z*_3_* = z*_2_* + (i/2)z*_2_*This is then repeated for the next circle. We always rotate and divide the previous *additional* vector and add it to the current vector. So the center of the 4th circle is> z*_4_* = z*_2_* + (i/2)z*_2_* + (i/2)^(2)z*_2_*This process is continued. Our sequence of discs is a sequence of nested compact sets whose diameter has limit 0. Hence there is a unique point that is in the intersection of all of the discs. That point is given by the infinite sum> z = z*_2_* + (i/2)z*_2_* + (i/2)^(2)z*_2_* + (i/2)^(3)z*_2_* + ... = (iR/2)/(1-i/2) = (-1/5 + 2i/5)*R*Hence the limit of these centers is the point (-R/5, 2R/5).
>I can't find a single source that gives me a precise answer.The [Wikipedia article](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Quantum_entanglement#History) explicitly states that Einstein, Podolski and Rosen discovered it and [even links you the original paper](http://journals.aps.org/pr/pdf/10.1103/PhysRev.47.777).
if you are searching for some math that displays entanglement check the sectionhttps://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Quantum_entanglement#Pure_statesyou basically have a state of the two-particle system that cannot be written as a product of two one-particle states
Which happens to be one of the most quoted papers in physics.
Entanglement is a property, or consequence, of quantum mechanics. I think calling what EPR did a discovery may be misleading to the layperson. It's not like they performed an experiment and discovered entanglement in that sense. They took a theory that was getting established at the time (QM) and looked at its logical(/mathematical) consequences. It's a pen and paper discovery. 
The [graph](http://mappingignorance.org/fx/media/2015/12/Manzano-3-640x299.jpg) of citations per year of the EPR paper is pretty fun.Try and guess when quantum information became popular.
Interestingly, it seems to decline exactly as I got my phd. 
Around 1634?
[It rotates at a faster angular velocity](http://www.dailymail.co.uk/sciencetech/article-2423629/Earths-inner-core-spins-eastward-direction-faster-rate-planets-surface.html), so it completes one rotation a little faster than the surface, but the linear velocity is much slower.Also, the earth completes one rotation every 23.9344699 hours, or one [sidereal day](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sidereal_time). It's just that it's also moving around the sun, so it takes 24 hours for the sun to end up back where it started relative to the earth.
[removed]
Hold the phone. Different layers of Earth turn at different anglular velocities and in different directions? How are there not massive amounts of friction?
**TL;DR:** The Earth's crust, mantle, outer and inner cores all rotate in the same direction. Relative to the crust/mantle, the outer core rotates slower, and the inner core faster.  The magnitudes of these angular velocity differences are on the order of 1 part in 10^11 .From 2005:*Confirming assertions first made in 1996, a team of geophysicists are presenting data in the journal Science today showing that the earth's inner core, a ball of solid iron..., spins faster than the rest of the planet.* **Over a period of 700 to 1,200 years, the inner core appears to make one full extra spin.**From 2011:*However, scientists from the University of Cambridge have discovered that earlier estimates of 1 degree every year were inaccurate and that the core is actually moving much slower than previously believed  approximately* **1 degree every million years.** *Their findings are published today, Sunday 20 February, in the journal Nature Geoscience.*The concept of a counter-rotating (siderially westward) outer core is an artifact of **badly written science** for the masses.  In actuality, the outer core is believed to rotate slightly *slower* than the crust/mantle giving it a tiny *relative* westward drift. Geomagnetic force arising from convection in the nickel-iron outer core are believed responsible for the slightly divergent core rotation rates.Edit: additional info and references, words, and TL;DR.
The outer core is liquid. And it's really thick, so even if it's viscous there's so much of it that it keeps the friction low.
Why are you assuming their ISN'T friction in geological processes? Earthquakes are the result of this friction and sudden release. However, the distance between us at the surface and a mantle/core event would greatly reduce any noticeable impact.
If you are continually emitting then in ideal circumstances with a small detection area you couldn't detect anything.But irl things like friction and variable density mediums and large detection areas make it so you can detect at least a partial signal
That is a HARD question. We don't have a complete model-- or really any kind of solid model or theory-- of how the human brain rubs it's cognitive functions. That In itself is a huge question-- then people ask about aspects of thought often they don't realise that the thing they are asking about is actually several things. 'Intelligence' is one of the biggest offenders, as what we lump under intelligence intelligences feasibly a great many different faculties acting intelligences concert. Instincts are bad too unless you've studied up. A lot offended people think you can divide every reaction into instinct or learned-- but that's not true at all. Yes, there are some purely instinctive reactions, but those are mostly divorced from what you would call the conscious mind-- autonomic reflexes to pain are controlled by circuts to the spiral cord that don't go up to the brain at all. Breathing, heart beat and other autonomic functions are controlled by the medulla. Thesee are hardwired and physiological and modified by responsored to stimuli autonomically. Then you get behaviors that are 'instinctual' but modified by experience. Animals that imprint can see a human at a critical period (a period of time where they are physiologically disposed to learn a certain thing) and decide that humans are their parent, right up to ignoring their own kind to try and attract a human as a mate!But to the actual MEAT of my answer; when you feel like you know something, or what to do, or how to react to something, correct or not, you are relying on intuition, by whicheque I mean you are making a rapid conclusion to a situation, often by comparison to similar situations in your past. This would make sense as a thing for an animal to develop-- a certain sound precluding a predator doesn't need to be thought about but immediately reacted to in the right way. A lot of these responses are actu all learned from the encironment or from the parent that reared the animal or some other social context. Other times, predisposition to a certain reaction can be so successful it becomes a useful trait to pass on-- natural selection promotes the proliferation of pray animals that are quick to react to sounds or situations that could be a threat to them, for a crude example.Gut feelings aren't always right-- you could make a snap judgement that could turn out to be wrong. Humans assume things, often projecting past experience that doesn't actually correlate to the situation at hand. This is often the source of anthropomorphism of animals-- humans projecting THEIR perspective on an animal with no real basis, almost always erroneously. This is probably not a satisfying answer, because the answer to 'how instinct works' is the supremely complex physiological and biochemical system that is human information processing, and each partocular response might be entirely different depending on the sotuation and emotional coloring of that stimulus! But I've tried to give a cursory explanation of the why and what, if not the how.Edit: yikes my phone garbled this. I'll try to fix it later.
There's more than one way to answer this question. You can take a reductionist approach and talk about the pathways/neuroscience/whatever behind the feelings.You can also take a cognitive approach and talk about the why instead of the how. Treat thoughts as abstract, don't care about the exact mechanics, and deal with decision making and emotion algorithmically. You should be more specific about which answer you want.
Thanks. I understand that this is a hard question, I just wasn't sure if someone out there had a better idea than me as to how this worked. Thanks, this actually helped me out a lot!
There was a discovery in the last few years of neurons similar to those in the brain wrapped around the bowels. I can't find the source, but my gut tells me my memory is correct.From a language perspective, we have a limited vocabulary coupled with a need to simplify a complex world to make navigating our way through it easier. When we get an adrenaline dump and go into fight or flight mode, if we don't have knowledge of things like adrenaline, we'll put words that we already trust into play to describe what we felt. My gut told me to get the hell out of there. If that's the right decision often enough, and this 'being right' occurs in more than one context, we'll create an abstraction that can contain all these occurrences of being right into a single thing and call it having good instincts. Intuition is one such abstraction that is used to group unexplained or undefined correct decisions in life. Another is good luck. But both ideas have their limitations in a scientific context. They don't easily resolve directly to measurable behaviors. Add awareness to intuition and things can get even messier. Some individuals become aware of danger well ahead of others.If you ask how physics explains human behavior, you get a worrisome answer. It doesn't. If you ask how intuition explains human behavior, it doesn't either. Again, intuition, the word, is an abstraction the groups together correct decisions that lack measurable or logical reasons for their correctness. It enables us to simplify a complex problem and move on.
It's simpler than that. An item has energy put into it, energy is not inherent in the object. In your example, identical objects, different distances from the earth, came to be different distances from the earth due to different amounts of work done to each of them. That work is stored and released in equally different amounts when they fall back to Earth. 
As some other commenters have said, the potential energy is a property not of the apple, but rather of the apple-and-Earth-and-gravitational-field *system*. If you want to focus on a single thing in the system, focus on the field, not the apple.
>How can two identical objects have a different amount of energy just because one is further away from Earth than the other?the point is that not the objects have this energy, but the system earth-object has the potential energy that depends on their distance. if you increase their distance you put potential energy into the system. it's energy assigned to the configuration of the system. and some configurations have higher energy.>Wouldn't that make everything on earth have a massive amount of energy compared to a faraway black hole?actually no, since the gravitational potential energy is not mgh - linearly increasing with height h, but increases less the higher you go (you have a 1/r = 1/(R+h) potential where R is earth's radius and h is the height above the surface, if you want to write it like that ) and the total potential energy you get when moving infinitely far away from a mass is finite.>And since energy isn't created or destroyed, what happens to the energy I spend lifting an apple outside of Earth's gravitational field?what do you mean what happens to it? you've done work to raise the apple. that energy is now in the system apple-earth. if you release the apple it's going to accelerate (decreasing the potential energy and increasing  the  kinetic energy).
Basically potential energies are interaction energies. When two (or more) objects are interacting with each other, or when an object is interacting with some external influence, there is an energy associated with that interaction.
Think of energy like this: it is not a substance or an inherent property of an object or system. It is just a number that we can calculate that makes calculations easier. An important thing to understand is that in physics you could just make up any combination of variables you like and give it a name and it doesn't necessarily *mean* anything, but some quantities such as kinetic energy (0.5mv^2 ) or momentum (mv) turn out to be useful for calculations and so we keep them and we start talking about them as if they're somehow physical properties of an object or system. Usually the reason that these made up quantities are useful is that they are conserved, meaning that you can calculate this quantity for an object or system and then do something to it and afterwards when you calculate the quantity again it will be unchanged. For example if two objects collide and stick together you can easily find out how fast the combined object will be travelling afterwards so long as you know the masses and speeds of the objects before the collision, this is because you know the total momentum of the two objects beforehand and you know that it will be the same for the combined object afterwards. One of the reasons that energy is a useful concept is that it is related to another concept called *work*. If I apply a force to an object, how to I calculate what the result will be? I could use Newton's equations of motion, and in the case of applying a force linearly to a simple object this isn't too hard to do, but in some systems the forces are much more complicated and this becomes too much effort so we want to find a way to bypass it. Let's make another definition: *work* is the force you apply times the distance over which you apply it (W=Fd), if the force changes over that distance then you need to use calculus but for simplicity let's assume it's constant so we can use this definition. If you look at the mathematics, then it turns out that the work you do on an object is numerically equal to the change in that objects kinetic energy, which is incredibly useful because we have found a way to directly link the force you apply to the end result without having to go through the in between steps. If I do 100 Joules of work on an object then I know its kinetic energy will increase by 100 Joules, and assuming I know it's mass I can then tell you by how much its speed will increase. If I hold an apple above the ground and let go then the gravity does an amount of work on it equal to the gravitational force times the height I dropped it from. It's easy for me to calculate the work done so I can know how much kinetic energy the apple has when it hits the ground. But if energy is supposedly conserved where did this energy come from? When I was holding the apple it had no kinetic energy. But at some point in the past I had to pick the apple up, expending energy. So really what happened is that I expended energy picking the apple up, then it seemed to disappear, and then it came back again when I dropped the apple, so over time the energy was conserved. But this is not satisfactory because we want to be able to say that energy is conserved at every point of the process, and what about when I said that work increases an objects kinetic energy? The end result of me doing work on the apple by picking it up was for it's kinetic energy to increase by an amount equal to the work I did, but there were intermediate stages where I had already done work and the energy had not changed. But even though my work did not directly increase the apple's energy when I picked it up, it did put the system (the system here is the apple and the earth's gravitational field) in a configuration in which there was the potential for an increase in kinetic energy when I let go. This is why we invent the concept of potential energy, and we extend our idea of work to say that work increases the *total* energy (kinetic + potential). This way I can pick an apple of the ground, and say that I have increased its potential energy by an amount equal to the work I did, knowing that when I let go gravity will do the same amount of work, increasing its kinetic energy by that amount. This has been a very long and rambling way to say that basically potential energy is part of an accounting system to keep track of changes in more tangible forms of energy as systems change over time. So yes, when you lift an object far away from Earth you are hugely increasing it's potential energy, but this does not change anything at all about the object, it's just something we say to keep track of the fact that we expended energy in lifting it, and we'll get it back when we let go. We could do without the concept of potential energy and just talk in terms of work and kinetic energy but it's just easier to talk about potential turning into kinetic energy than it is to always talk about gravity doing the same amount of work that we did lifting the object etc...
That would make a car in orbit have a much higher energy than a car on the surface of earth, but wouldn't they both have a massive amount of energy compared to, say, Jupiter? Is potential energy absolute or does it depend on the reference frame?
>That would make a car in orbit have a much higher energy than a car on the surface of earth, but wouldn't they both have a massive amount of energy compared to, say, Jupiter?No -- Jupiter has *way* more energy (both potential and otherwise) of course, assuming you are using the surface of the Earth as your zero point for reference.  Jupiter is much farther away and much more massive than a car in orbit.>Is potential energy absolute or does it depend on the reference frame?Potential energy is relative to your choice of reference *point* -- a point where you *define* the potential energy to be zero.  This is not a problem because only *differences* in potential energy are physically meaningful.  If you define your reference point such that one object has 0 potential energy and another object has 500J of potential energy, that is the same physical situation as if you defined your reference point such that one object has 10,000J of potential energy and the other object has 10,500J.Hope that helps.
I don't think that's what /u/unicodepepper meant with the Jupiter comment. I think he meant that they would both have a huge amount of potential energy relative to Jupiter if Jupiter was the datum, which is correct. If you look at the energy as the work needed to lift a car from the surface of Jupiter to a point and velocity in orbit around the Earth, that would be a huge amount of energy. It's also true in the sense that when you send a probe to another planet, it effectively falls towards that planet.
That's why I clarified where my zero point was and answered his question in detail about potential energy being relative.
It is. It's called [Jeans Escape](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Atmospheric_escape). It operates under the exact mechanism you described. It explains why there's so little hydrogen in the atmosphere.Earth also has an inward mass flux from micrometeorites. I don't know offhand which flux is greater.edit: Looking it up, we lose a lot more mass from the atmosphere than we get from meteorites.
>As far as I know, there is no source that replenishes Earth's mass in the same way that the sun does for energy.Space dust and meteors.  The Earth is peppered by a gentle rain of the stuff on a constant basis.  We may not have the mass of Jupiter scarfing up comets and whatnot.  But it is big enough of a gravity well that a substantial amount of mass does end up getting pulled in.  The final balance sheet is [pretty close between gains and losses](https://briankoberlein.com/2015/12/15/is-earth-gaining-mass-or-losing-mass/), depending on what estimates are used.
We are also gaining mass from solar radiation.Even if the earth did not heat up, we would gain energy as plants do photosynthesis and create molecules with higher energy than the original versions.Fossil fuels generate usable energy for us as we burn them. All that is aincent energy that was stored from solar radiation.And in this case energy=mass
[removed]
Interesting. Would this become more of a serious problem with smaller planets, such as Mars and the Moon? Do they have enough mass to prevent this effect?
> I assume gaseous particles travel fast enough to meet that requirement, at least some of the time.That's correct. Earth loses about 100,000 tons of atmosphere escaping into space each year. This is mostly hydrogen and helium, because at a given temperature a light molecule tends to move faster than a heavy one.> As far as I know, there is no source that replenishes Earth's mass in the same way that the sun does for energy.Earth also gains about 50,000 tons per year from meteors. So the net loss is about 50,000 tons per year, but that's negligible for something as massive as Earth.
Aaaaah so it is happening, just very slowly? So I guess particles just don't have enough kinetic energy to reach escape velocity at current atmospheric temperatures?
Hydrocarbon combustion adds about 9 billion tonnes of Carbon (CO) and about 1 billion tonnes of Hydrogen (HO) to the atmosphere every year (minus whatever water condenses, and whatever CO dissolves or ends up in a plant).Of course, that's just transferring mass from the ground to the air.  It doesn't change the mass balance of the planet.
Just a small mention, plants cannot create matter from energy, maybe they generate some mass from binding energy, but they cannot make neutrons and protons. An atom lost to space cannot be replaced by the solar energy absorbed by plants. So, while they earth may be gaining some mass by creating those molecules, they cannot be used in the same way as those atoms lost to space.
A far more serious problem for smaller astronomical bodies is the solar wind, which is the primary cause for Mars' thin atmosphere today. Since Mars lacks a magnetosphere, it lacks the protection the Earth's atmosphere has from the solar wind. This wind stripped away most of Mars' once-thick atmosphere in a relatively short period of time, leaving it the barren, nearly atmosphere-less planet we know today. 
Mars lost most of its atmosphere because it doesn't have a magnetic field like earth, which protects the atmosphere from getting stripped away by solar storms.
That's right, their small mass is the main reason they don't have much of an atmosphere. Temperature is also important: Titan is cold enough that it still has a thick nitrogen atmosphere even though it's less massive than Mars.If we decided to terraform the Moon and Mars, the Moon might retain its new atmosphere for a few hundred thousand years, and Mars for a hundred million years or so. More massive planets like Earth and Venus can retain their atmosphere for billions of years.
They do, but the atmosphere is really big compared to how much mass it's losing, so the loss is only significant over geological timescales.
So this whole picture that gets repeated of pair of particles created near the event horizon, one falls, one goes out is not what's going on.  It's a misrepresentation of something Hawking wrote about a way to think about the calculation that leads to Hawking radiation.So to backtrack: Yes, every time a physical particle goes past the event horizon, the black hole gets more massive.  Every time.What does happen in Hawking radiation: There are quantum processes where the initial state is a black hole, and the final state is a slightly less massive black hole plus an outgoing particle.  This is can be thought of as a quantum tunneling process, if you're familiar with that.  The Hawking radiation process does not happen classically; it requires quantum mechanics.What's this particle thing then?  There is a way of calculating things called *perturbation theory*.  In perturbation theory, there are objects called virtual particles.  Here's the most important thing at the moment: virtual particles are simply a calculational tool; they are not something you can observe; and there are ways of doing physics via other methods where virtual particles do not even appear.  You will never encounter a virtual particle in nature.  Hawking (though this isn't how he did the calculation) describes a way to think of the Hawking radiation calculation in a perturbation theory language: You have an initial state that's a black hole, a final state that's a slightly smaller black hole and an outgoing particle, and the two are connected by a virtual particle.  The virtual particle and the physical outgoing particle are what gets called the pair of particles created near the horizon, but now we see this is misleading.  In fact, only one particle is created (the outgoing one); the other one is just an artifact of this particular calculational method, and the fact that it's called a virtual particle even though it's not a real particle winds up regularly confusing non-specialists.  
Would someone on the onside of a black hole looking out see any particles created by quantum processes?
I'm still confused though, how is the outgoing particle related to the black hole, what did it take from the black hole? From where? Is/was the outgoing particle spontaneously created, then?
But would an observer within the black hole observe the same thing?  Would he see an incoming particle created?
Isn't pair production a thing, though?
Would calling it a quantum tunneling event (from just inside the event horizon to just outside) be over simplifying?
The virtual particle is what led people to believe we love in a simulated universe. Because there appears to be a glitch in the matrix (the particle that, by all intents and purposes, does not exist) then our universe can not be true because of the fact that we found a calculation error in our infallible universe. The particle pair theory means nothing because this particle, simply, doesn't have a pair that exists in classical space time. Hence, the use of a virtual particle.Is my understanding right? 
[removed]
Some of the mass of the black hole is converted into the outgoing particle.
Once again:  There is no actual incoming particle. 
Yes, but that's its own thing, separate from virtual particles in perturbation theory.
Yes, and the particles produced are **real** particles.
There is actually a [rigorous way (PDF)](https://arxiv.org/pdf/hep-th/9907001.pdf) to treat Hawking radiation as a tunneling process of this sort.
I don't think this has anything to do with the idea of a simulated universe. There's no calculation error, only a piece calculation *terminology* - virtual particle - that's a bit of a misnomer because it's strictly speaking not a particle.
Two ways. For most uses, the cooling prevents over-temperature failure. The bond wire is very thin and melts if too hot. Second, for cryogenically cooled LEDs, the valence electrons in cooled atoms are more likely to be in lower bands making the average band gap larger. That makes the color shift towards shorter wavelengths which have higher energy per photon. Edit: also the phosphors in white LEDs degrade over time. Higher temperature accelerates the degradation. 
Electron leakage (tunneling) and [Auger recombination](https://www.google.com/search?q=Auger+recombination&ie=utf-8&oe=utf-8#q=Auger+recombination+LED+efficiency+temperature) effects are the two most likely reasons why performance goes down as the junction temperature rises. This is a very active area of research to making more efficient LEDs.https://www.digikey.com/en/articles/techzone/2011/oct/identifying-the-causes-of-led-efficiency-droopThis is more pronounced in nitride based LEDs (blue, green) than phosphide based LEDs (yellow, amber, red).
Each electron you send into the LED has the potential to generate a photon. This is called radiative recombination. However, there are competing nonradiative mechanisms which can also take place. The performance of the LED with temperature is determined by how these mechanisms behave.In general, radiative recombination is roughly independent of temperature, while certain nonradiative mechanisms increase with temperature. So, if you cool things down, the nonradiative recombination will be suppressed and the overall fraction of electrons generating photons will be increased.
Leakage and Auger are only going to be relevant at high drive currents. The bulk of temperature dependence in LED performance is explained by phenomena that play a role already at low currents (i.e. Shockley-Read-Hall recombination).Studying the temperature dependent performance is actually a common way to extract the fundamental quality of an LED active region. The measurement is as follows: measure photoluminescence as a function of pump power at both high and low temperature. At close to zero kelvin, defect recombination should be essentially zero and the peak ratio of PL to pump corresponds to an internal quantum efficiency equal to one. Now look at the peak ratio of PL to pump at room temperature, and normalize it by the low-temperature ratio. The resultant value is your room temperature IQE.
High temperatures: Well its a peptide so it denatures. [Read here](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Denaturation) for a description of the denaturation process. Essentially the protein unfolds and loses function. Its hard to regain function because its hard to re-fold properly. Low temperatures: Many proteins are actually stored frozen then thawed for use so I would assume nothing too extreme would happen. Lower temperature means less kinetic energy so the particle would move less. 
