Hello all you wonderful redditors,Andrew L. Seidel, FFRF attorney here. I made this reddit account just so I could come and say thank you. Thank you so much for helping FFRF fight for the First Amendment. We all appreciate it. 
Hey, r/atheism! This is Sam from FFRF's legal team. I just found out about this membership drive and I am (we are) so thankful for r/atheism's support!Even more than the money, your membership is important to us because it swells our ranks. Each new member adds to our legitimacy in the eyes of the government entities we write letters to. The money helps too :)FYI, membership includes ten issues (physical copies or emailed PDFs) of our newspaper Freethought Today, which outlines a lot of cool project's we're working on: legal, charitable, and otherwise.But no matter why you choose to join, thank you, thank you, thank you!
Non American here, I can't join FFRF but I just wanna say I'm with you guys. The Trump-Pence administration is not just a threat against secularism in the US but the entire world. Extremely dangerous precedents would be set if they are allowed to run amok. Mankind's progress is on the line here; the most powerful nation in the world falls to Anti-science theocrats and we won't be just looking at a new Saudi, we will be looking at what the crusades might have been if nukes were involved.
Also - you can choose the FFRF when you shop via Amazon Smile. A portion of all purchases goes to support the foundation. Great timing with Christmas shopping coming up, ironically. 
Good luck America, you're going to need it.
Trump may as well just declare himself Atheist. He's a terrible Christian. 
Trump already said he not going to ban gay marriage.  A lot of things you are linking to are not really either of these boogeymen endorsing these ideas.Mike Pence said Resources should be directed toward those institutions which provide assistance to those seeking to change their sexual behavior. Back in 2000, 17 years ago, which is a totally different political climate.  I know it's shitty but he is saying those seeking to change their sexuality not forced conversion therapy and the specific of the kind of therapy isn't mentioned.Anyway, I find your claims a bit hyperbolic, very much your own speculation and manipulative... and then you ask for money.  I'm an atheist and I think it's total BS to be fear-mongering money out of people.   Here is what Obama said about gay marriage 9 years ago https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=N6K9dS9wl7U and Hillary Clinton only changed her mind about gay marriage (which she had been fighting) right before it was ruled on in the Supreme Court in 2013!!! And that wasn't even something Obama had anything to do with.  Both sides pander and play the religious game.I'm getting sick of these political post that contain little truth and find it ironic atheists are falling for it
Great post!However, we wouldn't be in this mess if more of you Americans paid attention during the primary and voted for Sanders then.
Flair for annual membership: [](/fsmgavel)Flair for lifetime membership: [](/fsmwhig)
TIL that some senators and representatives do not understand what the First Amendment actually does.  Aren't these people required to have taken at least a basic US Civics class?
>incoming Trump-Pence theocracyYou guys are as delusional as the religious people you mock.
I am anticipating on a bit of money for Christmas, and I will be donating to FFRF and Planned Parenthood and/or the Center For Reproductive Rights. Fuck the fascist theocrats.
Perhaps a silly question, but how does FFRF show up on my credit card statement?     My wife is Christian and does the House Finances and I'd prefer to not have to discuss it.  Pick your battles and whatnot.
Ill be joining this week & finally reporting the public school teachings of jesus at my kiddos school too disguised as 'general education' as well. Looking forward to both.
Fun fact! FFRF is on Amazon smile now
I'm an atheist and a proponent of the separation of church and state, but some of these bullets are either superficially summarized or altogether ridiculous ...For instance, as a veteran with first hand experience, it's absolutely necessary to allow religion on military installations, including places of worship and religious texts ... especially while deployed and on foreign military installations.There's nothing wrong with allowing religious iconography or text on bases, as Service members have no other option to seek out their religious practice and worship.Please, settle for quality in argument over quantity. I get you're trying to make your point, but nuance your position.
Everything on here (That Trump/Pence plan to do) pisses me off to an insane degree but nothing pisses me off more than the hospital staff being able to deem religious bullshit enough for treatment. When you go through med school and nursing school you take an oath to do whatever intervention necessary to save lives. You don't take an oath to only take drastic measures, you may not agree with, if your foolish religious practice doesn't fucking work. That's how people die. Fuck me, that has to be the stupid shit I've ever heard. And this may be harsh but if you have your fucking M.D. Or R.N. Degree and you think that prayer or anal beads with a crucifix will help more than proven modern medicine you should have your license revoked.
I'll just say that the military already hands out religious books of many types, at least in basic training. RTC at Great Lakes, IL, had religious services for pretty much every organized religion you can think of, and even some weird ones that I'd never heard of before, pretty much shamanism.They didn't focus on Christianity, they handed out materials for and had services for dozens of faiths.If you didn't go to church you could iron your clothes, write and read letters to/from home, practice folding and stuff, and have a relaxing morning. Also, take showers for as long as you wanted, which was AWESOME.But, yeah. At least for Navy basic training, they're pretty easy going on religion or lack thereof.
I for one think Trump doesn't actually give two shits about religion, he just (successfully) used it to get to where he wanted, but Pence on the other hand...
Subscribed for life. Keep up the good work. I love seeing what you guys have done
Local FFRF chapter has a MeetUp this weekend. Gonna see if I can be of any help.
[removed]
Joined today. Recurring donations, didn't hesitate. Glad to have a place to go. 
Disclaimer: Before you guys rip me to shreds, I didn't vote for Trump and wouldn't, since I knew this shit would happen. There are just a few things that aren't right in this description of Trump and Pence's policies. And if you want to (politely, maturely, and competently) discuss any of this with me, feel free. I'll be glad to listen and respond carefully to those of you who want to talk about this. I have searched the source material for citations, and indicated misleading summaries where possible. Anything left out I have found no fault with and totally agree with the OP on.> Enact the First Amendment Defense Act, which will legalize LGBT discrimination under the guise of religious freedom.The First Amendment Defense Act legalizes the ability to say, Hey guys, I don't think two dudes fucking can be considered a legitimate marriage, and I won't bake a fucking cake for you, and you can't sue me for not baking that cake. Forgive the horse-beaten-to-death cake story, but that's basically what this act would do. It lets you act on your religious convictions to the extent that your own personal freedoms extend. You can't at all inhibit their ability to buy from other people, or try to make their union not happen. It's a matter of asking whose rights matter more. Can one party force another party to partake in something they see as immoral, if abstaining from such does not violate the rights of the first party?> Use federal education tax dollars for voucher programs to pay for children to attend religious schools.The tax vouchers would be for *private* school. It's letting you use the taxes that go to your kid's education in more places than just public school, so you get to pay for your kid's education, no matter where they go. The cost it takes to keep your kid in the school can go to whichever school you want...but you still pay the difference, it just becomes manageable for people of less economic means to actually obtain education from other sources instead of relying upon the typically-shitty public education available in areas where most people are poor. Here is the relevant passage from the GOP platform:>We  support  options  for  learning, including home-schooling,  career  and  technical  education,  private  or  parochial  schools,  magnet  schools,  charter  schools,  online  learning,  and  early-college  high schools. We especially support the innovative financing mechanisms that make options available to all children: education savings accounts (ESAs), vouchers,  and  tuition  tax  credits.  Page 34It's misleading to say it's exclusively for religious education. Sure, it means you *can* put your kids in it if you want, but again, that's freedom for you. It's not illegal to bring your kids up religious, and I'd oppose any attempt to forbid citizens their freedom of religion, however much I disagree with the notion of religion as a whole.> Allow hospitals and hospital employees to act on their religious beliefs instead of medical best practices.Okay, this is one that's actually worse than the OP says. Check page 37 of the GOP platform, the paragraph under the heading Protecting Individual Conscience in Healthcare. I'm not even going to try to summarize it for you, because the paragraph itself does the job way better than I ever could. It limits individual freedoms in a way that I'm uncomfortable with in the extreme.> Support the display of Ten Commandments monuments on government property (but no other religious iconography allowed).Can you cite this? Reading the GOP platform didn't reveal anything mentioning it. If I missed it, please let me know. I don't doubt that the GOP believes this, but I won't accept it as common knowledge that they will attempt to refuse other iconography, given how blatant our laws and the Constitutional backing are on this matter.> Encourage public schools to offer reading the Bible as part of literature courses (but no other holy books allowed).This one...is vague. Here's the quote:> A  good  understanding   of   the   Bible   being  indispensable  for  the  development  of  an  educated  citizenry,  we  encourage  state  legislatures  to  offer  the  Bible  in  a  literature  curriculum  as  an  elective  in  Americas  high  schools.    Page 33They're right that the GOP encourages Bible electives (not required courses, but as electives), but there is *no* mention of an opposition to other analogous courses from other religious texts. Again, I want something specific here beyond just, You guys just *know* that the GOP wants this. You guys are lawyers, and the readers of this sub are rational thinkers and (hopefully) scholars. You should know better than this.> Permit military facilities to hand out Bibles and display religious iconography.Here is the quote that OP is referring to:> A Republican commander-in-chief will protect the religious freedom of all military members, especially chaplains, and will not tolerate attempts  to  ban  Bibles  or  religious  symbols  from military  facilities. Page 43This one is just straight up misleading. There is no mention whatsoever of handing out these texts or pushing them on anybody--it's a statement that religious freedoms will be upheld, and one that I strongly support. As for the Pence stuff... Yeah, he's a piece of shit. I know this is a month late, but...Damn, am I surprised nobody had the urge to point out all the errors and falsehoods. 
The word Theocracy gets thrown around a lot here. You do all know a theocracy is government rules by priests, right?
Misinformation in the OP post. Trump already said Obergefell v Hodges will not be overturned.
Uh no? I mean I support the cause but Trump is most likely an atheist himself.
I live in Madison, want to check out freethought hall. are there weekly ffrf meetings/events in madison?
I just donated as a student, keep up the good work!
Is Mike Pence a member of the FFRF yet?
I'm a gay atheist and happily voted for Trump. All of you bigots can take your hate somewhere else. Finally done with this fucking subreddit. Guess what? America isn't all like you. Have some respect for the rest of the country - even if they are religious.
>fight the incoming Trump-Pence theocracyGee, imagine being that dramatic.
I have my receipt, but I'm not entirely sure how to send a screenshot via modmail. Do I need to upload to imgur or something?
Enact the First Amendment Defense Act, which will legalize LGBT discrimination under the guise of religious freedom.You have got to be fucking kidding me.
On mobile, sorry if I missed it....Don't forget you can support the FFRF when you buy games from humblebundle.com and when you buy anything from smile.amazin.comUltimately, it would be better to become a member directly, but just doing those two things will let you offer support in your daily lives.
As a gay atheist, I am scared. Mostly because of Mike Pence. We should never let religion be the basis of decision making in political office. Conservatives rarely stop to think that maybe not everybody has the same beliefs, and that maybe they should put religion aside and focus on other social, political and economic problems that affect everyone. But that's probably just me with my logical thinking.
> Fight the incoming Trump-Pence theocracy.> The US has just elected the most theocratic administration in a generation.Don't even know where to start with this one, so I'll go from the top down.> Repeal the Johnson Amendment of 1954, which prohibits tax-exempt churches from endorsing and opposing political candidates.No not-for-profit organization should be taxed, period. This should include churches, as well as your atheist foundation that you're begging for money for, too.> Enact the First Amendment Defense Act, which will legalize LGBT discrimination under the guise of religious freedom.LGBT discrimination has been legal in this country for a long, long time, so it's not exactly legalizing anything that wasn't already permitted to begin with. Were we a theocracy back in 1776? No, but nice alternative history you have there.> Use federal education tax dollars for voucher programs to pay for children to attend religious schools.Would this also include vouchers for me to pay to send my kids to schools where atheism as a philosophy is taught? If so, then fine by me. Let other people's kids be ignorant, I honestly don't care because that'll give my kids a leg up on them in an ever-more-competitive job market.> Allow hospitals and hospital employees to act on their religious beliefs instead of medical best practices.So? The thirteenth amendment outlaws involuntary servitude. It's a doctor's prerogative whether to practice on you or not, for any reason or no reason. If that's the case, there are plenty of other doctors who would have no problem doing whatever you want. Look at medical marijuana. You can find a doctor to write you a prescription for it for pretty much any reason you can think of.> Nominate far-right religious justices to the Supreme Court and other federal courts.A judge should be considered for a position based on his or her interpretation of the constitution, not their religious beliefs. If said judge happens to be a Muslim, or a Hindu, or a Christian, or an atheist, I honestly don't care as long as they are objective as a judge.> Reverse Obergefell v. Hodges and US v. Windsor to make same-sex marriage illegal.Wow, so we've been a theocracy all this time, right up until 2015, the first year in American history that same-sex marriage was legal nationwide? [And *Australia* is still a theocracy?](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-australia-37892879) News to me.> Support the display of Ten Commandments monuments on government property (but no other religious iconography allowed).Now this one I might have a problem with, but where exactly on government property is it being displayed? Right out front of a courthouse? Okay, then not cool. But in some government official's office where nobody but them sees? I think that's fine, it's their office they work in all day.> Encourage public schools to offer reading the Bible as part of literature courses (but no other holy books allowed).If more Christians read the bible, there would be fewer Christians.I read Dante's inferno for High school. Twice, once in Colorado and once in Georgia. I'm still an atheist. In fact, reading about all the torments that a loving god has reserved for people who comitted minor crimes is actually part of what convinced me to become an atheist in the first place. Now I know that Dante's Inferno isn't the bible, but it's still a religious book.The bible, as a work of literature, does have literary merit. As long as it isn't pushed on students as being the truth, and is analyzed from a purely literary perspective, I don't see a problem here. That's how my teachers did it with Dante's Inferno. They were very careful not to tread on anyone's beliefs.> Permit military facilities to hand out Bibles and display religious iconography.Chaplains and chapels have been part of the military forever, since our nation's founding. Again, were we a theocracy in 1776? Were we one in 1864 during the civil war? Or in 1977 during Vietnam? No, no, and no. If a soldier wants to keep a Bible with him among his personal belongings, or a Koran, or The God Delusion, then that's his decision. You don't give up your First Amendment rights just because you join the military.> Heavily restrict abortion and attempt to overturn Roe v. Wade.Again with the revisionist history. Was America a theocracy before 1973 when abortion was illegal in most states?I'm neither pro-life nor pro-choice because I believe both sides to be too extreme and wouldn't attach such a label to myself. Roe v. Wade was bad law, based on old science that saw the fetus as little more than a tissue blob right up until the moment of birth. Since 1973 we now know a lot more about fetal development, and I would argue that there actually is a time during the pregnancy when abortion is no longer morally permissible, nor should be legally permissible. Does that make me a raging theist? No, it means that I look at the *science* of fetal development.By the way, America is actually pretty lenient when it comes to abortion. There are seven states where abortion is legal right up until the last second of pregnancy. But in almost every Western European country, abortion is banned past 14-18 weeks. Are any of those countries theocracies? Abortion is outright banned in Ireland, are they a theocracy? Even *Australia* has a few states that ban abortions for non-medical reasons. As I asked above, is Australia a theocracy? Give me a break.> In addition to all of this, the Vice President-elect, Mike Pence, is an extreme Christian conservativeHe's Trump's assassination insurance. Yeah, you don't like me? See what Pence will do if you try any funny business. Trump knew what he was doing when he nominated Pence.Trump is not a particularly religious person, and I honestly think that half the time he just pays lip service to God and Christianity to get their vote, same as most politicians do (even Democrats do this sometimes, and even politicians in Europe do this sometimes, but obviously to a lesser extent).Trump's slip up about Two Corinthians and his saying that I don't have anything that I need forgiveness for betray that he most likely is not a very religious person, or really doesn't care about the whole thing. Christians who actually read the bible or even attend church every now and then would not make the same slip-ups as Trump has made.Also, listen to Trump's speeches. Rarely, if ever, does he mention God (except at the end where, as almost every politician does, he usually closes with God bless America.) But sometimes he even forgets that token gesture. His acceptance speech on election night didn't mention god at all. Not one time. He thanked Hillary for being a worthy opponent. He thanked his campaign team and his family. He thanked everyone for helping him with becoming president, **the biggest achievement in his entire life**... except God. So God is obviously not very important to Mr. Trump personally.So I find it very funny that there's hysteria on here about Trump turning America into a theocracy. Did Bush? No. Did Bush Sr.? No. Did Reagan? No. Trump is far less religious than any of those men were, judging by his actions and words.
This is way over the top Reverse Obergefell v. Hodges and US v. Windsor to make same-sex marriage illegal.When has Trump every said that?
I wonder if this thread would have been made if Hillary won and the US started to become a caliphate via mass refugee imports.
Well a christian, I couldn't believe in seperation of church and state more. Like that woman that refused marriage licenses to gay people should not be working in government and should be in jail tbh.
I am a member of RDFRS (but I believe my membership recently expired, I should check that out). Guess that doesn't earn me some flair? :(If I'd live in the USA, I'd happily join the FFRF. It'd be a waste of money for me though, because it would be better to donate to a European charity which is also active in the USA as that's tax deductible. 
Im an atheist but I support the first amendment defense act, as long as only separate from private industry. There are tons of bakeries that will bake LGBT wedding cakes, bullying an old christian lady into baking you a cake to the point where they she has to pay a 150k fine and close her shop is not an LBGT right its being a dick. The bakery can not ban them from the store, but they can refuse to cater an event that goes against their religion. Kim Davis was a cunt because she worked for the government, where she didn't have the right to impose her views. I don't believe that there is a god, but I respect the first amendment, and advocate for peoples right. Not every issue has to be a be turned into the takedown of christians, just because you are right about something. I have nothing against the LGBT community, but they shouldn't be a protected class. In the private industry, nobody has the right to demand your service. LGBT should be treated like everyone else, their rights only extend to the point where they don't interfere with anyone else's. I want to fight for objective truth, but the cause proposed here does not do that. If you are fighting for science, logic, and reason then remove the T. How could I possibly join a war on bullshit, that is seeking to have the government force people into accept the myth Bruce Jenner is no longer a male and was actually a female his entire life? Im genuinely curious how you guys have rationalized this in your brains. 
I joined! Fuck Trump and Pence and all their vile ilk!!
This will keep happening until we get rid of the electoral college. Rural states have way too much power and we shouldn't have to put up with them forcing theocracy on us. Small towns are responsible for pushing creationism, homophobia, and other stupid shit on us.
Wrong.
>The Freedom From Religion Foundation (FFRF) is a non-profit organization dedicated to keeping state and church separate. They seem very bad at this unless there actual purpose is only to do this in the USA which I think is the case.Am I correct that this organisation only operates in the USA?Why doesn't the title or the statement here refer to that?  Why the omission of something so simple to include? 
Reverse Obergefell v. Hodges and US v. Windsor to make same-sex marriage illegal.Didn't trump specifically say he wouldn't touch this?
Shit like this makes atheists look terrible. We will now have an administration that will fight radical Islamic terror instead of being in bed with it.Surely people who are truly concerned about the negative impact of religion on the world would worry more about defeating ISIS than whether or not someone will bake a cake for a gay wedding. Rofl
>20.00 Library (Only applicable to bonafide libraries or gift membership to libraries. No exceptions.)Can I gift my library in my bible belt state a membership?!
I feel like a lot of these issues could get support even from religious people. The name itself: Freedom From Religion Foundation may stop them from wanting to participate though.I wonder if there is a way to get a bigger coalition together.
Online, I'm a militant aethiest but, irl, more so around family, I'm agnostic (at best) bc of the deep catholic and evangelical culture around me. I'm against the GOP and this shit, that's for sure, but I need to read into how the FFRF market their mission statement and if they work with cognitive, group psychologists who are really at the forefront of stopping the growing divide in our nations discourse. For now though, I'm going to be keen on donating to and supporting Quaker churches+schools+institutions that have some keen critique+backbone opposing the bibles morality/ethics and mirroring my own mission statements on social justice and care for the planet. Since, it's clear the GOP are radicalized by their sacred text.Peace.
I'll pass, for a few reasons.1.I hate abortion. I think Roe v Wade should be severely restricted to the first term.2.Free speech is a must. It is not negotiable. Homophobia, racism, sexism and so on are stupid. But I will always choose to fight along the stupid if they want freedom, against the clever if they want totalitarianism.3.Trump will nominate some far-right judges. It's about fucking time somebody was far-right.Other than that, yea, I hate religion too.
It's good to know that there's an organization like this looking out for us.
How can I help support this as a Canadian?
Kek.
This same thing is happening right here in Nigeria, and I wonder if the world's looking to retrogress and slide back into the dark ages. Our lawmakers are stumbling over each other to establish ecclesiastical and sharia courts in the country. We need help, urgently too. 
Merry Christmas everyone and have a happy new year.
Unfortunately I'm British so I can't join but I strongly support the FFRF!
Joined on a personal membership and donated $500. Edit, and I've named them on Amazon Smile a long time ago.
I don't think Trump goes around quoting the Bible. Out of all the Republicans you chose the one of the few that doesn't do that.
But what if im not american :X can i still get the FFRF logo\thingimajig\flair?
Quick question. How would the plan of the appointment of right religious justices be stopped if you can't discriminate a job position or the likes based on religion?
This will get buried, but whomever wrote this doesn't understand what a Theocracy even is.  Trump is good for religious rights and secularism, both.
https://twitter.com/Clayburn/status/822483710939373568
A great idea! 
I just joined up :)
I'm a bot, *bleep*, *bloop*. Someone has linked to this thread from another place on reddit:- [/r/christopherhitchens] [Consider becoming a member of The Freedom From Religion Foundation today. (this is a cross-post from \/r\/atheism)](https://np.reddit.com/r/ChristopherHitchens/comments/5dk3ck/consider_becoming_a_member_of_the_freedom_from/)- [/r/freethought] [r\/atheism is doing a membership drive and fundraiser for the FFRF to fight the upcoming Trump-Pence theocracy](https://np.reddit.com/r/Freethought/comments/5czylh/ratheism_is_doing_a_membership_drive_and/)[](#footer)*^(If you follow any of the above links, please respect the rules of reddit and don't vote in the other threads.) ^\([Info](/r/TotesMessenger) ^/ ^[Contact](/message/compose?to=/r/TotesMessenger))*[](#bot)
Slightly off the point,  and apologies for the nooby question,  but WTF is a flair? And no,  clicking on the link didn't really 'splain it to me.  
I wish I had the money, but won't for a couple weeks. Change of job made my funds screwey for a bit. gotta wait for things to even back out.
Suggestion: set up something to receive bitcoin donations and convert them in dollars.Wikimedia is doing this already, and it would be a painless process for folks to send you electronic cash anonymously.
[removed]
And remember, you can set up smile.Amazon to automatically donate to ffrf. I've done that for way over a year now.
Is it okay that I am so scared
Hello, can someone tell me how to send the screenshot in a message to the mods? I can't seem to copy and paste the picture.
I signed up for this but accidentally put Facebook instead of r/atheism for signing up. Can I still get free swag?
Goodness. What a tool.
This makes me really salty :P
US Woman are fucked in terms of abortion rights for decades at least. I am livid after texan politicians made fetuses required to be buried. Held back and crushed under conservatives boots under the guise of there being life in a unformed oneEdit: Spelling and grammar
Mods, please, the senate deemed restricting gay marriage as unconstitutional. Theres going to be restrictions on lgbt defiantly but gay marriage is here to stay and staunchly defended 
Make a FFRF into a church so you don't pay taxes and I can also claim that $40 as donation :)
Uh, can you not use that image to promote your ideology? Like, I get that you're trying to be ironic, but the symbol of the FSM means a lot to some people, and when you use it as a symbol of atheism (a belief contrary to pastafarianism), it's incredibly offensive. 
Wow America is this messed up. I've never been a fan of atheism and I've never seen whats wrong with having religioun and state together running the country. Trump, pence and his future 'regime' is obviously going to suck but religion brings out the good people. If u all just take a few moments to discover god, the whole world would feel calmer and more comfortable. religion gives u something to rely on and a purpose to life. Sometimes, freedom ain't the answer and people need to be controlled. A regime that doesn't limit its subjects to an extent is basically anarchy. Christianity is actually very nice, along with many other beliefs and faith. If people give it a try, they will see that its not that bad. Religion isn't about restriction and punishment. It's for inner relief and a purpose to life 
Been a member for a number of years.  No receipts to show, but that's OK, I still admire their efforts and will continue to support them.  I sent them a check last week for this coming year.  I thank you for your support and encouragement for others' to join.
I'm not a poster on this sub but just clicked this and just wanna say there's perfectly humanist/non religious reasons to oppose abortion. I used to be an atheist (have shifted more towards agnosticism and think if god was real and perfect he wouldn't care if you believed but if you were good and I try to be a good person anyways) but even when I was a full atheist I was pro life. 
i seriously doubt trump will stand for many of these. this is the republican platform and yes, even though he was voted as a conservative, he is as much republican as he is a lover of muslims. 
I feel like people ITT are being just a bit hyperbolic calling it an incoming theocracy. Someone actually says that we headed towards a new crusade. Remember to remain calm and be rational.
Merry Christmas!
**FFRF** being the [Freedom From Religion Foundation](https://ffrf.org/) --- also the weekly [FFRF Freethought Radio podcast](https://itunes.apple.com/us/podcast/freethought-radio/id152788201?mt=2) that is available on Apple iTunes or via the [FFRF Freethought Radio & Podcast web page](https://ffrf.org/news/radio).
> The US has just elected the most theocratic administration in a generationHahahahaha, fucking *WHAT*?!?! Trump is probably going to be one of the least religious presidents in American history. Less religious than Obama, Clinton, Reagan, Carter, either Bush. Absolutely everyone knows this guy isn't a god-fearing Christian. (Weirdly, pretending he is as in the OP is one of the few things that religious conservatives and leftists can seem to agree on, albeit for different reasons.)Atheists should be delighted to have one of their own in the big house. I know I am.
What will they do to Trinity v. Pauley!
Trump never said he would repeal gay marraige. He said its already been decided and even so, he supports gay marraige. He even let a trans woman compete in mrs universe against the board of directors
The fact that youve cited fucking buzzfeed invalidates any credibility this post had before
Seriously though? Who voted for Pence?? How can you let the person you vote for bring an entirely different person to power??
Red herring. Do you have an argument at all?
Sectarian violence is the answer. We will win this war against religionsHuman Rats muahahaha. But Seriously I do support The Freedom From Religion Foundation And Separate Church and State and protectsecular & Science Community as whole.
Anyone else think that site looks too much like the latter day saint homepage used to? I had some serious flash backs and need to research this better. 
I'm an atheist Donald Trump supporter. Is this subreddit not for me?
Trump is probably the least religious president in the history o the US.  Pence, that's another story...
I'm a strong atheist and a conservative.I refuse to combat trump.I think he's gonna change things for the better and inspire real change. I know planned parenthood is at risk but I don't really care anymore. Women are responsible for their own actions as are men.They should choose their partners carefully and keep their legs shut if they don't want diseases or unwanted children. How hard is it to look up safe sex on Google?I did and I used to be very poor. No diseases or children.Good riddance, liberals just want to do whatever they want and face zero consequences.With that said I love the work that ACLU and FFRF do when they stand up for the constitution.But seriously, people, choose your partners carefully.
I was alive during the most Christian theocratic administration in a generation. Women can still get abortions. Access to cheap generic birth control. Condoms are plentiful and in a lot of cases completely free for the taking. Nobody with any credibility is talking about stopping research into stem cells. Donald Trump is no George W Bush and nobody in their right mind would consider even Mike Pence as fanatical as a drunk who thinks Jesus cured his alcoholism by using the power of prayer.Should someone keep an eye on the preachers? Yes no doubt however right now most of them are busy fleecing their congregations and not looking to mount any real challenge to the current social order.We have members of ISIS gunning down 49 people in a gay bar, planting bombs in NJ and NYC, attempting to assassinate a Jewish speaker in Texas and murdering innocent people at the Boston Marathon. Just recently another Muslim attempted to shoot up an Airport in Florida. Not even mentioning the attacks by ISIS in Europe because of their immigration policy. We got bigger problems then Doctor Dino or whatever that lunatic calls himself is who built the ARK and wants to contract out to schools for field trips.  
More programs like After School Satan need to be implemented more as well to curb this.  They will have more people to take down, therefore more people who will fight with us.
!remindme
Should have done this long ago. Thanks for the reminder.
This is awful, shame on you. The FFRF is a hateful organization motivated by dislike of christians than anything else.
 A z
Heavily restrict abortion and attempt to overturn Roe v. Wade.Isn't that more liberal vs. conservative?
Cry some more haha. Theocratic nazis ohmurgawd he is literally the holocaust!!!!11
now that you're a redditor, stick around!  i'm sure i'm not the only one who would like you to do an AMA.  but of course we know you're busy.  which is good.  actually, get off of here and back to work!seriously, let us know what else we can do.
Hijacking top comment - don't forget if you shop on amazon.com you can donate to the FFRF via smile.amazon.com when you make purchases.
Thanks for all your good work! Sorry to put so much pressure, but just a little reminder that our secular government depends on the work you do.... to a greater extent than it ever has before. Please know we are counting on you.
The first amendment grants me the right to tell you Merry Christmas regardless of how you feel about it.
Would really enjoy a membership that is something like 10 or 20 dollars a month if your people can make that an option.
>Part of FFRFs legal team>Thanks *us*Sam, you are one of the few people in this world who will never have to wonder later in life whether or not you made a difference in this world. I'm confident you can **know** that you have.So from all of us who's rights you defend, thank *you*.
> FYI, membership includes ten issues (physical copies or emailed PDFs) of our newspaper Freethought Today, which outlines a lot of cool project's we're working on: legal, charitable, and otherwise.Also FYI to /r/atheism, please always remember to choose PDF and electronic formats for every business and charitable cause you support. It cuts down on paper waste and in most cases can save that organization sometimes up to tens of thousands of dollars in postage and paper costs.
Hey Sam! Just wanted to say I love your guy's organization, and I love that you are giving a minority such as ourselves a voice. I think freedom of religion should include freedom *from* religion. Quick question, though:  As a 17 (soon 18) year old who lives in rural west Michigan, an area with conservative family and classmates, how can somebody like myself help you guys when I'd prefer to be quiet about my beliefs due to the rejection I'd face?
The points listed in the article - I can't seem to find direct evidence that they actually said they wish to accomplish these things.  The reason I am skeptical is that, first of all, I do not believe whatever I read of course, but I have also seen Trump say he promotes the exact opposite of these things within the past few days.Can you provide any link or something to where I could verify these for myself?
It's great hearing about your works in the US, but may I know if you are doing some active work in other countries? Especially in Asia/South Asia. As I live there, I hope to help you in any way possible.
Sam,Can you please reveal your membership drive/pitch had Hillary been elected President instead?
Canadian here. Also cheering for the FFRF.
One of my biggest fears as an American is the simple fact of everyone saw this happen. Everyone around the world knows my country voted for this man to be THE representative for our beliefs, values, and understanding. I'm genuinely frightened. 
I just saw it is possible to give as a non-american and it seems pretty easy!
> The Trump-Pence administration is not just a threat against secularism in the US but the entire world. Did you see that [Trump dropped the pro-lifers](http://www.patheos.com/blogs/steelmagnificat/2016/11/donald-trump-removes-pro-life-from-his-policies-12-hours-after-election/?ref_widget=popular&ref_blog=jappersandjanglers&ref_post=confessions-of-a-catholic-anarchist-in-trumps-america)?  He used them and then kicked them out in the morning.
Well, I for one am gonna have nightmares tonight, so thanks for that lol
Actually you CAN join the FFRF. International Membership is an option on the page- go look! 
>looking at what the crusades might have been if nukes were involved.I thought Trump was anti-interventionist for the most part? Weird.
Oh, wow, the pretentiousness is so heavy.
Ha, Trump will help us make this country a better place.
Late to the thread but if you buy Steam games from HumbleBundle.com you can set it up so that your charity contributions go to FFRF.
Ohshit I didn't know this. Thanks man.
New charity selection time 
He might very well be. Religion doesn't seem to have ever been a factor in his life. Only used it in the election to drum up support
Let's be honest: a 'good' Christian is someone who advances the church's goals of control over society, not someone who follows its moral code. By that measure Trump is a big league Christian, one of the best, believe me. 
> Mike Pence said Resources should be directed toward those institutions which provide assistance to those seeking to change their sexual behavior. Back in 2000, 17 years ago, which is a totally different political climate.  I know it's shitty but he is saying those seeking to change their sexuality not forced conversion therapy and the specific of the kind of therapy isn't mentioned.You do realize that only one year ago, Pence passed anti-gay discrimination into law when he was governor or Indiana before [it was neutered](http://www.npr.org/sections/thetwo-way/2015/03/29/396131254/indiana-governor-lawmakers-to-clarify-anti-gay-law)? How do you explain that?
>  Both sides pander and play the religious game.and FFRF fights to protect any abuse of the first amendment.  you don't have to buy everything in the OP to see it as a worthy cause to fund.  
> Trump already said he not going to ban gay marriage.Pretty sure the president doesn't make that call, it's the Supreme Court in the event a challenge is raised or Congress if they found a legal way to wind the clock back (though Trump might be able to veto there)Trump said it's settled, and he's fine with it. Good for him, but actions speak louder than words.Pence remains against the decision. So do many of Trump's cabinet appointees. Trump himself is a policy flop flopper on it. Pretty much every potential SCOTUS appointee Trump has listed also look like they'd be willing to overturn the decision (which, incidentally, is what Trump said he'd do during the campaign).Claiming Obergefell v Hodges is set in stone with the administration, and where Trump looks like he'll be sending the SC, is laughably naive.
Just fear-mongering bs. Btw no one is calling out Hillary for using 501c3 (tax exempt) churches to do political campaigning, even bussing voters the polling stations, providing them with food, all paid for by Hillary's campaign.I've been an atheist for almost 10 years and I think it's a complete joke that we call ourselves free-thinkers. 90% of atheists are big-government liberal socialists who vote Democrat every election, and you can predict where they fall on virtually every social/political/moral issue by the sole virtue of them identifying as atheists. In fact some atheist are the most close minded people you'll ever meet, because they are incapable of comprehending nuanced views on issues like religion, politics, morality etc. Even if we look at the modern militant atheists/philosophers, it's not even appropriate to call them philosophers since they don't philosophize: they just attack the low-hanging fruit, the same Christian apologist arguments over and over again, and then pat themselves on the back and cry about how persecuted they are. 
If there's any silver lining to be had in any of this mess, it's that hopefully it lights a fire under some asses.
What if you only signed on for a family membership?
I've already signed up for the 40 dollars a year thing.How do I get my flair?Please n thanks.
Sometimes this site assumes we are all Americans.The FFRF is a US institution targeting US problems.  I'm glad they exist but I'm not going to fund them.  
Nope. 
They aren't required to even be literate
/r/the_donald poster calls us delusional.
One anonymous way to donate is to buy a prepaid credit card from a gas station. 
It shows up on my credit card statement as Freedom From Religion (Foundation probably gets cut off).
I changed my Amazon Smile to it. 
Why? Because the fighters are in moments of need and find comfort in their religion? America no longer drafts. Anyone who willingly joins the army deserves no religion in which to find comfort, they are there because they for some reason decided to go kill people, protect their freedom by killing others, sure, whatever. Instead of having religions in the military, just stop having a military altogether. America has enough problems, sending people to war is really just a step back.
I know this is late but I'm an RN at a religious hospital and I'm always baffled by people who put their faith before science even among my co-workers. They can tell you the pathology for a disease and how medical advancements have helped but as soon as you mention the imaginary man in the sky all that evidence-based knowledge goes right out the window. 
When I was in boot we didn't have much of the free time to do all of that extra stuff if you skipped church. You could square yourself away however and the drill instructors would leave you alone. It was nice. Marine Corps here. 
You should send an image of your receipt to modmail to get your golden FSM flair. (it's fine if you censor out your info) 
[removed]
You should send an image of your receipt to modmail to get your FSM flair. (it's fine if you censor out your info)
Pretty sure the president doesn't make that call, it's the Supreme Court in the event a challenge is raised.Trump said it's settled, and he's fine with it. Good for him, but actions speak louder than words.Pence remains against the decision. So do many of Trump's cabinet appointees. Trump himself is a policy flop flopper on it. Pretty much every potential appointee Trump has listed also look like they'd be willing to overturn the decision (which, incidentally, is what Trump said he'd do during the campaign).Claiming Obergefell v Hodges is set in stone with the administration, and where Trump looks like he'll be sending the SC, is laughably naive. 
Roe v Wade hasn't been overturned in decades, but that won't stop people like Pence writing laws that undermine the ruling if not overturn it.If you voted for Trump, you voted for absolutism, state-religion, and LGBTQA discrimination.
Hmm trump supporter calling everyone on this sub a bigot. Should we begin screaming nazi slogans like Lugenpresse and give Donald the nazi salute? Maybe we will be less bigoted then. 
So you voted for the absolutist candidate when religion is the worst absolutist proxy ever argued? Religions of all kinds need to be avoided, especially the ones that scapegoat vulnerable groups of any kind.
Props to you. I didn't vote Trump, but the left has definitely showcased more arrogant bigotry this election season. It's exactly why they lost imo.What really mindfucks me is how they think Clinton was easily the superior candidate. Like please drop you bias and be objective - they were both terrible candidates. If you argue that yours was less shitty, I can at least sympathize.
yeah any image host would work, Imgur is fine.
Well, that's what the act intends to do. I mean, we've already got the first amendment. Why does it need to be defended when it's already in the constitution?
Exactly, Trump gives zero fucks about the gay issue.
You've probably heard this several times, but I'm curious how valid you think the argument comparing stores barring LGBT business to businesses before the Civil Rights Act refusing service to African Americans is.
Ask your State senator and Rep to support the national popular vote interstate compact. It's the best chance of getting a popular vote. We are already two thirds of the way there. No change to the Constitution required! https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/National_Popular_Vote_Interstate_Compact
> I wonder if there is a way to get a bigger coalition together.[Americans United for the Separation of Church and State](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Americans_United_for_Separation_of_Church_and_State) does a fair bit towards that end. 
> 3.Trump will nominate some far-right judges. It's about fucking time somebody was far-right.Any particular reason why we're in dire need of some far-right judges? When I think of political alignments known to be champions of free speech the far-right doesn't exactly top the list - they whose regimes have been been particularly bountiful when it comes to censorship, blasphemy laws, sexual repression and so on. When I think of political alignments that hate religion - or at the very least respect the right of others to hate religion - the far-right also doesn't spring to mind.Though I'll grant you they do tend to have little respect for bodily autonomy when it clashes with their morals, so you'd probably get your abortion-restriction wish with a few more of them.Plus - considering Scalia's seat is barely cold it's not as if the SCOTUS has been exactly lacking in firm right/conservative justices up till now.
1. It's been very well noted that bans on abortions hardly lower abortion rates.https://broadly.vice.com/en_us/article/banning-abortion-doesnt-actually-reduce-abortion-rates-at-all2. No one is advocating anti free speech, at least no one serious. 3. Far right? Like Scalia? Who's on tape saying homosexuality is like beastiality? Or like Reagan? Who caused the largest discrepancy between the rich and the poor? Or someone like both?
No we don't actually. Republicans sell themselves as the small government party except when it comes to doing anything they think you shouldn't and warfare. Then they are the party of government. 
People from any country can join, though the prices are in US Dollars, and they charge extra for paper news letters internationally. Though email newsletters have no additional fee.They also currently only do their work in America.
Well deserving of an up vote!
That might mean something, Except he chose Mike Pence of all people.
It might actually mean something if all his choices for supreme court weren't activist christians
When you post in certain reddits, a tag or icon appears next to your username.  They are managed by the moderators of the reddit.  r/askscience is a good example, where users that have provided their *bona fides* have flair identifying their specialty.
Thank you for your comment. Unfortunately, your comment has been removed for the following reason:- Your comment has been removed for trolling or shitposting. Even if your intent is not to troll or shitpost, certain words and phrases are enough for removal. This rule is applied strictly and may lead to an immediate ban.--For information regarding this and similar issues please see the [Subreddit Commandments.](http://www.reddit.com/r/atheism/wiki/guidelines) If you have any questions, please do not delete your comment and [message the mods,](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=/r/atheism) Thank you.
You'd have to host the image on some other site. Since reddit doesn't have that feature. Maybe Imgur?
Yes. Just link the screenshot in modmail, with your info censored out if you like.
What in your opinion is Pastafarianism? 
As an anxious person, religion made me feel worse. Religion isn't for everyone. I have a purpose in life, to be happy and be kind to others. You don't need jesus for that. 
Excellent. No one is telling you you must believe otherwise.
Trump will conquer the islams. You just wait and see.
You know, you can be safe as you want to be and have birth control still fail. I would love to be sterilized but being in the midwest good fucking luck finding a doctor who will do that for me because as a women I apparently am only good for making babies! 
FFRF is a loving organization motivated by the Constitution and the ideals it represents. 
I don't know how often Andrew will check this, but Andrew will be doing an AMA sometime soon. 
I can't afford a membership, so this will make good use of present purchases!
As a frequent Amazon shopper, thank you!
A membership is only $40 **PER YEAR** (~$3/mo). It's even cheaper if you're a student: $25/year ($2/mo).Of course, you can always make one-time donations that exceed $40/year :-)
Hi mordocai058,This is an option on this page: https://ffrf.org/get-involved/donate/
Sorry that this is a late response, and I have yet to become a member myself, but I'll try to provide some insight(keep in mind that I am not in a particularly conservative Christian household and I keep my purchases mainly to myself). 
Milkshaketurtle79, thank you for your support, no matter what form it currently takes. My apologies for not getting back to you sooner. I understand that it can be difficult to be open about your beliefs when it seems like all of your friends and family feel a different way. Hopefully you'll soon find yourself in a better position to openly express yourself. Until then, try to find ways to make other freethinkers in your area know that they are not alone! Consider writing a letter to the editor of your local paper about a freethought issue you care about (identify yourself as a student and hopefully they'll publish your letter anonymously). Also, consider broadening your social circle so you can find some like-minded people! This is easier said than done, but hopefully you can find a secular group that meets in your area or at an area college. If you want to support FFRF in particular, consider becoming a member (student membership is only $25). In the spring, check out our website for our student essay contest, with thousands of dollars in prizes for high school seniors or recent graduates headed to college.  
Whatever you've seen/heard/read Trump saying, if you search for a few moments, you can probably find him saying/doing the opposite...often within days or weeks of each other.
I'm sure other can supply citations, (I'm at work so I can't dig them up) but the biggest problem is that Pence is his VP. Trump is so inconsistent that I wouldn't necessarily believe any of this (or the negation) but I'd fear the worst. Pence publically stands for almost all of these stances and is something of a stabilizing force for the administration.Edit: Quickest way is to look at his cabinet picks. They're all pretty vocal about these things. 
The FFRF was not involved in organizing this fundraiser. The r/atheism mods decided this on their own.
Hillary would not have been the threat to rational people that Pence is.
What up my canuck buddy? I can say canuck because I also hail from the Great White North. 
>One of my biggest fears as an American is the simple fact of everyone saw this happen.Everyone also saw the left radicalization happen - maybe the left should've curbed that?
Look again and you'll see that was retracted. He never had pro-life as a position on his website. But it hardly matters in any important way as any conservative supreme court justice the republican senate would approve of would have to be pro-life. 
Flip-flops more than a fish on dry land
Not Trump. I'm worried about Pence
Ooohh, thanks.  Didn't know that.
That's true for a lot of Christians.
Haha, true. 
I'm cautiously optimistic. On the one hand this election sent a very clear message that Third Way electoral strategy no longer flies. But then again, 2010 and 2014 also should have...On one hand, it's so obvious that the Democratic party needs to change if it wants to maintain any sort of relevance; on the other hand, they've frequently demonstrated they are far more tone deaf than I could have ever imagined.
Send a screenshot of your receipt to [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fatheism) and we'll give you the annual membership flair. You can hide/censor your personal information if you're concerned about privacy.
Send a screenshot of your receipt to [modmail.](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fatheism) (It's fine if you censor out any personal info.)
This point was *not* overlooked when discussed among the mods. It's certainly not an oversight.The suggestion I made was that in the future, we could rotate in some non-US secular charities that are also in need of funding. If you think that might be something you'd support, keep that in the back of your mind for the future. But, as a Canadian, I can honestly say that the US needs more help with secularism than my own country at the moment. And, in fairness, what happens south of the border does affect me, albeit indirectly.
I'm in Transylvania. The stuff going on in the US has consequences here, too. It's not *Uganda* level of influence here, but similar.
Same. I'm a Snow-American. 
grouch :D
yah but have you seen [this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7INIhD9P0Pw) ?  love this guy!
This was how I always used to get around it when my parent's still had access to my finances but unfortunately they then stopped allowing people to buy them with credit cards due to mileage and point scams where people would just buy them for the low fee and max them out and then turn around and use them to pay off their credit cards. so essentially all they were losing was the activation fee but then they were raking in thousands of dollars worth of point.
Thx
[removed]
Will do! 
All religions are not equal
Looks like he is also AltRight. Man, and he is calling us bigots?
> Props to you. I didn't vote Trump, but the left has definitely showcased more arrogant bigotry this election season. It's exactly why they lost imo.No. They really haven't. When the other party called Mexicans rapists and drug dealers while demonizing Muslims whenever and wherever possible you have no foot to stand on saying they were even half as bigoted.>What really mindfucks me is how they think Clinton was easily the superior candidate. Like please drop you bias and be objective - they were both terrible candidates. If you argue that yours was less shitty, I can at least sympathize.Less shitty is superior. By definition.
My solution is for the government to get out of marriage completely. Recognize partnership. Then its not anybody can do it, and only willing parties have to partake since its not protected. The only reason the government was involved in marriage in the first place was to promote it, the only incentive is joint tax returns, which only benefits families with one earner because it was created  when women didn't work. The rapid rise illegitimate births prove they are just shit at it. 
Being black isn't a choice, and doesn't violate somebody else's rights. Being gay isn't a choice, and doesn't violate anybody else's rights. Forcing somebody to cater an event that goes against their religious beliefs is not a constitutional right, when you can walk down the street to a different bakery. 
Forcing a pastor to do what he considers a sin violates constitutional rights. 
Can they refuse to make a BLM cake?
Well, my country is pretty good at the separation of church and state in legislation, and our prime minister goes to literally all major religious events like Holi, Eid, Christmas etc. But I was a Yankee before this and feel for everyone under the new congress, senate and Supreme Court. 
Thank you! 
I love you.
yo dont need jesus. You need allah :)
cool, thanks.
Just remember, you aren't donating to FFRF using Smile. You are asking Amazon to send 0.5% of your purchase to them. Amazon is the donor, and it would take $1,000 of purchases for your selected non-profit to get $5 from them. Much better to send $5 to FFRF right now.
Yeah, my point is I'd prefer 10 or 20 a month but it isn't an option. I dislike yearly payments.
Thanks so much! This will work great.
Or hour.
Thank you for the clarification; at least I know more as to who is responsible.Can you provide the breakdown of which mods decided this and which mods opposed this?Also, can you please revise the original text since it can easily be misconstrued as literature written by or in conjunction with FFRF?  That's what it looked like to me, especially with FFRF representations immediately available in conjunction with its release.Finally, to Sam still, do you endorse everything in the text of the original post?
What?  Anyone can say Canuck, it's not like the N-word eh.Hoser.
Actually this is the first time I've heard of left radicalisation, and i consider myself petty well informed. Are you talking about people  like the young turks with conservative left views directing their hate and anger at the right?
Your point doesn't impact mine.
Oh, so you're saying that somehow petty people arguing over pennies and pebbles such as micro-aggressions and transgender rights is the same as religious bigotry and campaigning for hate? Yea, the super far left is, at times, very misguided, but it will never be as bad as the super far right, the people who were so outraged that a black man was elected president (actually elected by the democratic process, majority rule, that process that conservatives love to tout except when it's inconvenient) that they did and said everything to delegitimize him in their little minds. They called him everything; a muslim, a commie, a kenyan, and a nigger (these are what I've heard in my personal life, idk about some of those on a platform-wide basis). So please explain to me, exactly, how someone who says pronouns are bad is on the same level as someone who calls the President, an extremely well educated and professional person, a muslim nigger? Because in most cases, the former is usually a young person who is still trying to figure out life while the latter is usually an older person from (you guessed it) the south. And to be clear, I'm just left of center on many issues and I think that many SJW's are terribly misguided. 
I'm not sold on the fact that it is that simple though tbh. You have to remember that Obergefell v Hodges and Roe v Wade were both decided by majority Republican apointees. This is conveniently ignored by the left in discussions of SCOTUS biases.
YAY!
Will do.
OK. I sent my proof.I hope mods got it. Can't wait!
Well, if you could also do this for a European charity (which is also active in the USA), we (Europeans) could consider it. Gifts to charity organizations are tax deductible here, meaning the government pays 45% of the amount you donate. But obviously only for European charities. 
What non-US based orgs would you reccomend for those who whish to support those (too)?
I am Canadian and I am going to donate a bunch, as soon as I figure out how to do it anonymously, i.e. not using a traceable method of payment. I literally need to mail them cash. In my country blasphemy is still a thing that can get you arrested and convicted.I guess it's time to stop typing and go take a thorough gander at their Donation page.
As I said, I'm glad they exist.When you discussed this as mods, did anyone think to present it as an American cause rather than moving forward like this is an American sub?Just curious.
Romania?
There's a lot of canucks around r/atheism.
[removed]
No, but eventually they get their turn at bat to screw society the hardest. In this sense they are equal, just not at the same time.
It really depends on how much power they have. 
You can make a cult out of a man. Ask Jim Jones.
[deleted]
This doesn't answer the question of businesses refusing to serve people just because they are homosexual. That act would make it legal for a Chili's frachise owner to not allow homosexuals to eat at their restaraunt just because homosexuality is against their religion. This has nothing to do with marraige.
But what about when we talk about things that aren't as obivous like if I was gay and a wanted to eat at a restaruant or drink at a bar but I was refused service because I was gay. Because that same act legalizes that exact senario
They aren't being forced to do anything. They're being asked to follow the rules if they want tax exemption and benefits from the government.
Depends on if they can make an argument that it would be against their religion and/or personal beliefs/freedom to make BLM a cake.
I also hail from the Great White North. I think Trudeau's heart is in the right place. But some of his views puzzle me, and his eulogy of Castro was just down right weird. I'm more a classic liberal, the Liberal Party is more social democrat, so it might just be a difference of political philosophy.
There are a few things in the works. Tomorrow Dan Barker is doing an AMA:https://www.reddit.com/r/atheism/comments/5dbnoh/ama_with_ffrf_copresident_dan_barker_on_thursday/
Still, it is better than nothing (especially to a good cause).
Do both! 
Save for 2-4 months; join. Problem solved.
Become a member, one-time $40, then donate any amount you like on a monthly basis via credit card, it's right there on the Donate form, AND it even allows you to specify the number of installments to be paid so you don't have to remember to eventually cancel the monthly payments. They're really trying to make donating safe and easy.
Or in the same sentence.
>Also, can you please revise the original text since it can easily be misconstrued as literature written by or in conjunction with FFRF? That's what it looked like to me, especially with FFRF representations immediately available in conjunction with its release.What specifically are you objecting to here?
The FFRF supports causes that atheists are behind. Do you really not realize this? It's not like we're supporting the KKK dude, why are you so upset?
You should look up what SJW means, and then go from there.
You didn't catch the recent riots at Berkeley this past week?
Depends on how much of a fuss they make over wrong pronouns - if they start badmouthing campaigns, going after someone's jehb etc. for using wrong pronouns, then that's not necessarily better than insulting the president.At any rate, SJWs were a backlash to rightwing bigotry, and because they proceeded to do stupid obnoxious stuff themselves, they're experiencing a backlash in turn - the lesson that can be derived from this, don't get misguided and swing the pendulum too far in the direction of stupid, or you might lose what you thought you'd 'achieved'.
If you have specific charity suggestions, by all means, let the mods know.
I don't know many off-hand, but [wikipedia does have a list of secular charities and organisations](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_secularist_organizations) - it might be a place to start. I was hoping people could suggest some.
> In my country blasphemy is still a thing that can get you arrested and convicted.You're a Canadian, but this country of which you speak - not Canada, I hope? I know Canada did have some blasphemy laws or still does, but they really aren't enforced.
The blasphemy libel haw hasn't convicted anyone in 40 years, and hasn't even been attempted in 30.
>  did anyone think to present it as an American cause rather than moving forward like this is an American sub?More than one person raised the issue of it being amerocentric. There's no denying that, and I agreed that it was. But, as I said above, it was noted that, * reddit is predominantly populated by Americans* American policies often become the policies in other nationsEven if the membership drive had been framed as an American cause, we'd still have people complaining that we're assuming everyone here is an American. I think folks are free to decide whether this is something they want to support.
Yes
> Trump didn't call Mexicans rapists and drug dealers nor did he demonize Muslims. This is what the leftist media portrayed however.WOW. That takes a whole entire level of delusional.>And good point, but I did say easily the superior candidate.Oh still easily. It's like the difference of -3 and -25. Not a great candidate, but worlds better than the other.
so 'no shirt, no shoes, no service' is now illegal?
Where abouts are you from?Haha yeah, I think it's kind of a situation where you have this reclusive, eccentric family friend that you know and like but everyone else thinks is weird. It might be, I'm honestly pretty content with the Canadian parties in terms of being socially liberal, lately I have realized my greatest concerns lie with the protection of our environment, so I'm kind of confused as to what to do. My province re-elected Brad Wall so that's slightly upsetting. 
I mean, barely. I guess it really depends on how much you shop, but both you and the charity are better off when you send money directly (even just a buck) instead of letting Amazon do it... 100% of the money goes to the cause, and a portion of it comes back to you as tax deduction.
Unless his problem is he prefers to donate $120-$240 a year but in monthly installments.I'm kind of in the same boat.     I'd like to send in my monthly tithe to FFRF when I get paid and not have to think about it.
Yeah, I was looking on the join page not the donate page. I'm planning on doing what you suggest.
Bruce appears to be a Trump supporter.
As if caring about social justice is somehow wrong...If you're going to be opposed to social justice, you are just as deluded as the religious.
Social Justice Warrior. Meaning they are fighting for social justice. I am a Freedom From Religion Warrior, FFRW, am I now evil also?
SJW doesn't mean radicalized leftist.
I did actually, but my comment was made before the riots. I suppose it's a good example. A lot more people voted for trump than i think would riot over milo though.
I'm overreacting. I do that on purpose sometimes. It makes a point (at least it does in my mind :).Laws that aren't enforced are laws that can be used on people who *thought, wrongly,* that they were safe. The laws are sleepers. We shouldn't have laws like that.
Oh. The article I was drawing from omitted that important tidbit.
Whooooh.. everyone thought you were in a fictional land of vampirism for a sec there
You're biased 
I was going to end it there but at the risk of sounding like a Trump apologist... Please get back to me when you have evidence of Trump calling an entire race rapists/drug dealers. Or demonizing all Muslims.
I believe you're really stretching far beyond my original scenario here.  Even absurd ideas can only be stretched so far.
Calgary: Canada's Bible Belt. Our last provincial election was at least interesting (the Conservatives did need to go), but I am wary of the NDP sinking the economy.
But donating through Smile doesn't cost the end user anything extra, so you might as well do it regardless of whether you donate normally. If enough people do it it adds up.
Guys, look at the donation pagehttps://ffrf.org/get-involved/membership/Under the amount, there's a section that saysI want to contribute this amount every
Jesus Christ...how can you be a Trump supporter and an atheist who gives a shit about rights?
Most people who self-identified social justice warriors are radicalized though. I'm all for social justice but I don't want to be in the same group as those people.
Considering SJ is another ideological club, yeah as an atheist, I can see it being nothing more than an unrealistic religious bs ideology where diversity is holy word. You are still in the primitive mindset of needing this group of good vs evil nonsense. To the point of acting just like the Spanish Inquisition in your judgements and thoughts.
Of course.
Actually, that's exactly what it means.
Sorry about that, this sub is not as active as others and I didn't notice the timeframes.
Yeah apparently a Jewish gay man who likes black cock is a white supremisist now. Who knew?
Still, I'd rather it not be on the books. Leaving it there is asking for trouble. And Canada has stricken racist and sexist laws from the books before.There was a petition to strike it from the books between June and October this year:https://petitions.parl.gc.ca/en/Petition/Details?Petition=e-382It gained thousands of signatures, but nobody in Parliament has introduced a bill to strike the law.
It's actually a historical region; but I did mention it like that because it adds a funny subtext that balances out (a bit) the sad and depressing reality. 
> You're biased You can't simply assert that. Also, why did you delete your comment? I quoted everything you said so there's no point in hiding it.
Haha and you're not? 
>Please get back to me when you have evidence of Trump calling an entire race rapists/drug dealers. Mexicans aren't a race. So how could I possible do that?>Or demonizing all Muslims.Would you like a look at his policy to restrict immigration from terror-prone areas? This of course being him walking back just saying he would ban immigration by Muslims. [Source](http://www.cnn.com/2015/12/07/politics/donald-trump-muslim-ban-immigration/)
Haha I'll be back in Calgary permanently next year! TBH I didn't find it as bad as Sask. 90% of the time I was downtown so perhaps that had something to do with it, but everyone seemed very tolerant and there was a lot of diversity. I haven't ventured into the smaller towns in Alberta, but let's see. In Saskatoon I have had a lot of very uneducated remarks about my ethnicity. They seemed well-meaning but incredibly ignorant. During lent we have 40 days of picketing at the hospitals that provide abortion services. I think we are kind of like a watered-down Mississippi. 
Interesting, I'm an atheist here from Edmonton. Would you say south-Edmonton is in the bible belt too, or are you talking about thr province?
It doesn't cost the *customer* anything, but it has been shown to cost the charity. People get the good feeling of giving from such a microscopic amount, so they are statistically less likely to give an actually meaningful sum (edit: even if they would have otherwise). This phenomenon is a pretty central aspect of what's called *social exchange theory*, where in people don't do *real* good if they think they're already doing something good *enough*. And Amazon pretends Smile is a big deal when it's little more than a PR gimmick.I'm just saying, it's a beneficial thing to use (I use it) but it's really, seriously not worth feeling good about. 
I'd be willing to bet money that the dude is just a troll.
Accelerationism?
When you say radicalized, what exactly do you mean? 
The Inquisition was run by *religious assholes*. Not by atheists such as myself. Social justice is the ONLY important thing to fight for. And the demonizing of anyone who sanely and rationally wants social justiceis horrifying. Justice is necessary; are you really trying to claim that *injustice* is preferable? And trying to de-legitimize *justice*? 
Do you have that stereotypical Romance-Eastern European accent?
I deleted it before I saw your reply in hopes to not start thisI think I can because your spouting everything that the leftist media was highlighting during the election. I can tell you where Trump is shitty and where he makes sense, same with Hillary, and Stein, and Johnson. Your comments give me the impression that you're biased.
It's a anti terror policy 
Well I don't actually live in the city (just near it), but I don't wanna name a small town to a stranger on the internet so I say the giant city. It's true that downtown is much more left wing though than out in the country.
Many Trump supporters are trolls, voting for him appeals to the very nature of most trolls. 
I see why you are a little confused. I was too when I first heard the term Social Justice Warrior. At first glance, it sounds like a noble title: someone who fights for social justice. But that is a far cry from what can be called the modern definition. When one calls someone an SJW, they are calling them someone who bends the truth and uses straw man arguments to make their points. This is why I call myself an anti-feminist. Feminist should mean one who believes in the equality of the sexes, but just one glance at those who are paraded as the modern day icons of feminism tells an entirely different story. These are people who want censorship, shame straight white cis men for no other reason then they are straight white cis men. Anita Sarkessian(One of my LEAST favorite people on the planet) and Zoe Quinn(The one who started the whole #GamerGate movement) went to the UN to complain and ask for censorship on the internet because people made critical and mean comments about them(Yes, you read that right). The worst part about their speeches was that they had the audacity to claim that they got the hate ONLY because they were women, a claim SO inaccurate it boggles the mind. I have been called a retard, a cunt, a bitch, told by people that they raped my own mother online on numerous occasions, and I am a straight white cis male. By pinning the issue of hate on the internet on gender or race or sexual orientation, it completely overlooks the real cause: Anonymity. Anita in particular has lied on the record on numerous occasions and has blatantly abused crowd funding sources for profit. Same thing can be said about Black Lives matter. I am against the movement, not because I am against the concept that African American citizens are equal to everyone else, but because it is a hateful movement perpetuated by lies and spinning false narratives. I want equality, but Rioting in the streets and killing the officers who keep law and order in our country is not the way to reach that goal. To reach equality, we must be able to face facts. For example, despite African American citizens making up only 13% of the U.S. population, they committed 52% of US homicides between 1980 and 2008. That is a 7 times higher crime rate than that of White citizens. This discrepancy, however, is FAR diminished when you look at the rate of police encounter mortality rates of arrests. Whites made up 54% of victims of Police shootings where as Blacks made up ONLY 28%, an extremely skewed margin when looking at the crime rates of the races. These facts would never be mentioned by Black Lives Matter activists, however, as they completely undermine what the entire movement is built upon: rage over police shootings. The movement I support, and many others on this sub I would presume, is egalitarianism. It is quite the simple term that states belief in equality for ALL people, no matter the Race, Gender, Sexual orientation, etc. Those traits should only be used to describe physical appearance i.e. for a suspect or a manhunt, not as grounds for treatment.When we discuss the radicalization of the left, that is what we are talking about. It is an issue that plagues this entire nation, as can be seen in every KILL ALL WHITE PEOPLE #BlackLivesMatter tweet and even in the Mainstream media i.e. that whole recent MTV resolutions for white people fiasco.I hope this was informative for you, and will help you in the future.
Social Justice and group think is their religion and anyone outside it is evil... Atheism+ is good example of this group.
An SJW in the last couple years means one and only one thing: a person who gets triggered and yells (yes, literally yells at people) about the smallest things that no one else even gives a crap about. Most are extremely EXTREMELY hardcore feminists who believe being a white male makes you inherently evil, and most assume they know more about history than literally everyone around them. They have made some people lose jobs over the stupidest things, and so many companies fear their hordes and potential bad press that they will bend to any SJW's will trying to please them (and, hint hint, they are never pleased and often continue to freak out).In short, an SJW is a politically extreme, grudge-holding narcissist with anger management issues.
See you are being theist about it. Justice is what happens in a court of law by legitimate law practitioners. What you guys call social justice is bs and far removed from equality and is run by delusional assholes.
At first, but it dwindles after a while. I don't get to practice speaking English often enough.
It's an anti terror policy like stop and frisk is an anti crime policy. 
Haha that's okay, be internet safe. 
Thanks for your reply. But I am not only a feminist but also a Black Lives Matter kinda guy.And I'm not delusional, nor do I use lies or logical fallacies to support my positions.Trying to denigrate social justice is bizarre. EVERYBODY wants social justice. And rightly so.
>These facts would never be mentioned by Black Lives Matter activists, however, as they completely undermine what the entire movement is built upon: rage over police shootings.Well their movement is rage over police shootings against Black people, it's kind of in their title. I'm Latino and I fully understand this, which is why I don't cry when they don't mention a Latino for being killed. It is up to me, a Latino, to be angry over Police Shootings against Latinos. And white people should do the same and be angered for Police Shootings against Whites.Why is it that you want Black people to do your community's job? Very few times have I seen White Republicans out on the streets protesting against a Police shootings against a white person. Why?
Kinda new to Reddit, so I didn't put a tl;dr. Here it is thoughSJW nowadays refers to those who bend the truth and regress society rather than progress it.
Stop posting on /pol/ and kotakuinaction. I dont like anita or zoe, but goddamn dude.
My contention is a simple one: anybody opposed to social justice is evil. It's that simple.
>a person who gets triggered and yells (yes, literally yells at people) about the smallest things that no one else even gives a crap aboutSince when is yelling a crime? And what is a small thing no one else even cares about? Birth control pills are *prescribed* by physicians for many conditions, including endometrial cancer. And the righties are attempting to allow *any* pharmacist who is religious to refuse to fill birth control prescriptions. Does anybody else care about that? Who gives a shit?>and so many companies fear their hordes and potential bad press that they will bend to any SJW's will trying to please them (and, hint hint, they are never pleased and often continue to freak out).I've never even heard of such bullshit.>an SJW is a politically extreme, grudge-holding narcissist with anger management issues.Name-calling reveals your insincerity.
>delusional assholesLook who's talking. Justice is something the courts can only *try* to achieve. *Real* justice is something to strive for, something to look up to, something to attain; a noble goal. And I'm an *anti*-theist.
Hehe.Do you want some idiot to add on Skype? If so, PM me and ask for my Skype name.
False dichotomy. But yeah stop and frisk is shit and should have never been legal. Completely unconstitutional. Muslims from terror prone regions are unfortunately much more likely to commit terrorists acts. A couple Sam Harris podcasts would be bountiful in sources.
Hello r/all, Welcome to r/atheism!Please read our [Commandments](http://www.reddit.com/r/atheism/wiki/guidelines) and [FAQ](http://www.reddit.com/r/atheism/wiki/FAQ) before commenting. If you follow the rules and act civilly we can avoid a lot of bans. While everyone is welcome here, this sub is intended for atheists to discuss things of interest to us. This means that a wide variety of subjects are on-topic here. This is not a sub about just atheism.Remember: The mods do not choose which posts get voted up the frontpage. They remove the posts that violate the [Commandments](/r/atheism/w/guidelines); they don't police quality.*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/atheism) if you have any questions or concerns.*
I was kicked out of the Boy Scouts for not believing in God.I was a Star, going for my Life board of review, everything was in order, but I'd been kicked out of Confirmation Class at my parent's church. Even though the troop met in the basement a different church, somehow the Assistant Scoutmaster had heard, so I was told that no, I wouldn't become a Star scout, and I should turn in my Troop's neckerchief and go home, as I wasn't welcome there anymore. They felt that I could no longer be reverent.It's 30 years too late for me, but I have sons who would probably enjoy scouting, and they're denied the opportunity. And I tell the kids this when they try to sell me popcorn. If my kids cant participate, were not donating.
In Canada, my scouter was an Atheist and so were most of the kids.He was an engineer by trade and made the coolest gadgets for sledding.
... unless you're quiet about it. I am an atheist Eagle scout. Though I was never told an atheist couldn't be in scouts until my Eagle board and it was the district guy who said it. I convinced him I was cool by saying I believe in a lot of Christian things like love, hope, joy, and peace.
I was denied my Eagle because a couple kids told the leaders I didn't believe in God.  The local council came and spoke to me and I told them my beliefs and they suggested I stop working to finish my Eagle because it wouldn't be awarded.  Those were less litigious days, so sueing wasn't really an option then. 
In America, other countries are more enlightened.
This is like the military and God.  When I was in, there was unbelievable peer pressure to believe in god.  Every event opened with prayer.  You would be shunned like a child molester if you didn't believe in a higher power.  
Are the boy scouts of America part of the world wide scouting movement started by Baden Powell? Cause if so......you lot are WAY behind the rest of the world......in the UK at least your can make your promise to any god, or none at all. And there's no religious requirements whatsoever, other than the fact that at points for badge work you may learn about various religions so that you know how to be respectful of them. 
I know it isn't the intention, but the title seems pretty off colour. Almost to say that those 'freaks' can join but us normal people can't.
Meh.  It all depends on the charter organization and the culture of the particular troop as to how much emphasis there is on religion. Some make it a deal but most care more about giving the kids a good program than about enforcing any religious elements. Eventually they will probably open it up to self-identifying atheists boys (which they absolutely should) but for now most kids can probably just fly under the radar with open concepts of God and reverence.
Atheist Eagle Scout here. Reverent can have different meanings. I hate that many leaders take it to mean religious.
And yet my scout leader was a Buddhist.
I never told anyone of my atheism while I was in scouts, and I loved being one... Until I had to act/pretend I believed in an imaginary friend in the sky.   I couldn't live the lie anymore, and left scouts much to my dying father's who had been a den leader and scout master's disappointment. 
what kid is capable of making the decision that they are transgender?
I am an atheist eagle scout. My scoutmasters and I  had a good relationship and they knew i was against religion but they said when at your board of reviews just say you believe in something at least. It does feel weird saying reverent in the scout oath but I don't mind. 
But what bathrooms will they be allowed to use?
I made it to Eagle without believing in anything. Our troop didn't do any prayers that I remember, we just built shit. In bigger events I would go to Temple because they had bagels.
Technically transgender kids are either atheist or hypocrites.
Let's be careful about rankings as far as alternative lifestyles go. Trans people are not worse somehow than atheists, worship is ingrained in American culture, and what's more American than Boy Scouts. Though to me they come off brown-shirty but whatevs. I'm sure there are trans Christians.
Neither can girls.
The organization is slowly moving in the right direction, but yeah it's pretty ridiculous that this is still a thing. Left scouts at Life rank for a number of reasons. Having to constantly partake in religious sayings and ceremonies pissing me off was one of them. 
lol I like how the title implies being transgender is worse than being atheist 
To be fair you can't exactly choose to be transgender.  Given enough therapy you could end up believing in a god however.
That's misleading...[From the official BSA charter and bylaws:](http://www.scouting.org/filestore/pdf/bsa_charter_and_bylaws.pdf)> The Boy Scouts of America maintains that no membercan grow into the best kind of citizen without recognizing anobligation to God. In the first part of the Scout Oath the memberdeclares, On my honor I will do my best to do my duty to God andmy country and to obey the Scout Law. The recognition of Godas the ruling and leading power in the universe and the gratefulacknowledgment of His favors and blessings are necessary to thebest type of citizenship and are wholesome precepts in the educationof the growing members. **No matter what the religious faith ofthe members may be, this fundamental need of good citizenshipshould be kept before them. The Boy Scouts of America, therefore,recognizes the religious element in the training of the member, butit is absolutely nonsectarian in its attitude toward that religioustraining.** Its policy is that the home and the organization or groupwith which the member is connected shall give definite attentionto religious life.
Lets not forget to call out the salvation army for their terrible treatment to queer people
Yeah gotta say this is really dependent on the leader of the troop or local group. I attended boy scouts as a non religious child. It even came up once but nothing came from it just talked about all the religions once in the card ride to a camp out. 
Is that so...I became an atheist while in scouts. I'm an Eagle scout, a brother of the order of the arrow, and an atheist.Boy scouts is about growing up, new experiences, manhood, leadership, and fun. They can pretend not to honor what I earned all they want. My experience in scouts mattered a great deal more to me than a few strips of cloth and my name on a list.
I was open about not being religious, I even achieved the rank of Eagle. I was also gay while all gay scouts were banned. I guess it really just depends on the troop.
You know what? I don't give a shit. It's a private organization.
so?
Aren't the boy scouts here a Christian organization? That makes sense to me 
wait im confused... why would lgbtq people believe in god?
I was a Boy Scout. I am an atheist and I never went to the church services and they respected that. Never had any problems 
WTH, this isn't the great country I thought it was when I was younger...  edit: maga pun Not intended..
Like, it really depends on your troop and your area whether atheists are really banned or not. My troop, which was chartered to itself did not kick me or the numerous other atheists in the troop.A lot of troops are chartered to churches, synagogues or other religious establishments, so these places probably wouldn't change even if there was a rule change (i.e. They could require church membership and kick atheists out of the church)
i was an atheist in the boys scouts from 1991 till 1994. my scout masters knew I didnt believe and they didnt care. 
How was there a transgendered kid at 8 years old???
Joke's on you suckers! I went all the way through Webelos and was an atheist the whole time!
While that's totally bullshit, at least they're not excluding people for things they never chose to be in the first place.After all, we choose to believe or not to, to accept bullshit without verification or deny it.No kid chose to be born with the mind of a woman in a man's body.
What a crock of shit...
Is there a good alternative to BSA?
Of course not it's a fucking Christian founded organization. 
You don't have to put down others just because atheists don't have the same rights. 
I have always been an atheist and I was in the BSA for years. It really depends on the troop.
This just isn't true. I left the Boy Scouts not long after I joined, but I allowed to join from the start.Edit: context - not transgender but atheist.
Jokes on them. I was both
I was atheist in my scout group and the whole troop knew. They never cared at all.
Pretty sure being in scouts helped me to become atheist.
My scoutmasters always told me you don't have to be any particular religion or any at all. You just have to have some belief. 
I wasn't kicked out for being atheist and i have my eagle rank. Your mile may vary depending on your troop leaders.
I was a boy scout, no one knew I was an athiest, shhhh.
Closeted atheist scout leader here. I hope for my son's sake I'm never outted. It is something I have to be concerned about and very quiet about. 
Not exactly true.When I got my Eagle scout, I identified as agnostic (now secular humanist). All I had to do was write a statement of faith.
As an Eagle Scout, being an atheist was never an issue. I never defined myself as on, meaning I never came out of the closet, but I also never abided to any practices (meal prayers, general prayers, etc.) As far as I am concerned, it's kosher. 
I was an atheist scout, I just lied about it. No biggie.
Small steps 
I'm atheist and have been a Boy Scout for the past tent years. Albeit in Canada but still.
I feel like this is problem for Boy Scouts, because Church is where they normally have meetings, start pissing them off and you are sol when it comes to finding a place to meet
I was a Boy Scout. In during my Eagle board of review (basically an interview) about a quarter of the questions were about god, if I believed and what my favorite verse was.... Basically I liked my ass off and passed
When I was younger and I was at scouts we had to mention god in our promise, because it was meant to be a Christian organisation traditionally. But, tbh, all you've got to do is repeat something about doing your duty to God once when you're being invested and that's it. It's not like they monitor church attendance or anything. I don't think anyone was actually a Christian. Then again, I went to a church of England primary school and you'd have probably been laughed at if you said you believed in God. Literally nobody cared about religion. Back to scouting, I think the only time religion popped up was when we went to the church hall to do a quiz, or when we did litter picking round the graveyard once. Having said that, I think our system is a bit different to the US. Girls have been able to join for ages, all the way through my life there were girls there. It's not just for boys in the UK. Some say it's sexist since lads can't joing girl guides, but then there's also boys' brigade which is essentially church based scouts for boys only, so the way I see it is if you're uncomfortable with mixed-gender you can go to one of those (if you're a girl then guides, or boys' brigade for the boys) and if not then join scouts.We also have to agree to serve the queen or something, but no one over the age of like 40 gives a single shit about the royal family as far as I've seen.
Good, the Boy Scouts are a horrible organization. 
Growing up in a small open minded town, I never realized the Boy Scouts had ties to religion when I was in it. It was never pushed on me during my time in Cub/Boy Scouts. I also grew up in a non religious household, I learned to be a good person thanks to my mother and grandmother. When I think back, I remember god being mentioned and I attended church lots of time with friends families. I just never bought it. 
Progress is progress in my book. We'll get there.
Enter Margaret Downey
This post has been locked due to excessive rules violations.
You can't be Pope either I hear.
One is a choice and one is not.
He moves up to a different area, anything.
Haha we all fought so hard for those kids to be added, we forgot to add ourselves to the list. Good Guy Atheists meme.
It depends on the pack/den. My son (10) is a cub scout and a firm atheist. I questioned them and they touted standing up for diversity, and explained that we are more than welcome to skip the religious aspects, etc. It's a great pack. I didn't want to support the org, but it's the one thing my ADHD son wanted to do, and he really needed some healthy safe social interaction. So we looked into it and he loves it. He just got second place in his Pinewood Derby overall! And no one bats an eye at his non-belief. It's pretty amazing. 
I went through the entire scout program as an atheist with no issues. If you're forced to do religious things, or expelled, its likely your leaders and parents are the problem.
How are there transgender kids? Wtf..
I received my Eagle Scout in 2016 and I was an atheist throughout the entire thing. 
I'm an eagle scout and an atheist, shit was easy you just lie. being an eagle scout means a lot more in life then your religon.
The only reasons I'm still in Scouts is because being an Eagle scout gives you a shit ton of cred to employers, and I won't be able to get my license without being an Eagle (parent's orders)
I am a non religious eagle scout, i never had any issues ever. If your scoutmaster kicks you out for not being religious, then he's entirely missing the point of boy scouts. That being said, I did have to sit through religious type things once and awhile. I sat through them respectfully and with tolerence, just like my non religious ideaology was also respected and tolerated.I even built a childrens playloft in the churches daycare. Helping people is helping people, it doesnt matter what religion you are or sexual preference. Boyscouts tought me respect for everyone.
I was agnostic/atheist for most of my scouting career. Made Eagle Scout at 16 or 17 and it was never an issue. My troop was pretty cool in that aspect. I told them I didn't subscribe to any religion and as long as I believed in a higher power it was cool. My explanation that nature and the universe are powers higher than myself was acceptable.
I'm an eagle scout and so is my brother.  Both of us are agnostic. My father is an athiest and was Scout Master for 5 years.  Scouts is more than just religion if you have the right group.
I mean my troop has many atheists in it. Although I am not one of them I know that our troop has got many kids that do not believe in a God and everyone there is fine with it (this also includes my brother who got Eagle a while ago). So really idk man I would put the accusations on the people that are running your troop not the actual Boy Scout Association as I have never seen/heard of any rule against Atheists. Even though there is a line in the Scout Oath stating do my duty to God, it is not focusing on the fact that you HAVE to believe in a God, rather then you should show respect to those who do. Just the way I see it, and so you know I do agree that discrimination against people who are atheist is VERY VERY wrong, and should not be seen throughout the community. This is why I see why the leaders of this troop should be held accountable, not the actual BSA. 
lol I was raised with 100% no religion and I was a Boy Scout. There was never any religious test. I'm sorry if you grew up and experienced otherwise.
I was a boy scout and an atheist. I didn't realize I was doing it wrong.
I was a boy scout but am atheist. How do they know?
Good. Who fucking cares about them. I started in their whole shabang for a little while, but just got annoyed at the whole thing (I was like 9, so not a religious/trans matter). My experience was a load of hypercompetitive and obnoxious boys meeting in a church to do mundane crafts. Not good for introverts (or any sane human individual).Wanna do scouts? Do some backpacking. Help some charities. Learn some shit. Scouts don't do anything special, and if you cruise at your own speed nobody cares if you are gay/trans/not a Jeesus-lover/boy or girl.
i find it weird that there are transgender kids who arent athiest
Dude, I'm an atheist and I was in the card ride to a different area, anything.
Probably under the understanding that being an Atheist is a choice while being transgender isn't.
I'm an atheist and I was a scout when I was younger.  My father was a scout leader, he is also an atheist.  I don't think you should talk about your religion in scouts, thats not what the organisation is for.
Am i the only one who has a bigger problem with the termtransgender kids. Isn't this a bit of a  weird thing to say they are transgender kids? I don't know maybe im old fashioned but this just sounds weird to me maybe even wrong. The term kinda shocks me.
Boo hoo 
So?
Dude, I'm an Eagle Scout and an atheist and went through scouts just fine. I was never forced to pray or anything like that. You just have to find a Troop that's not a bunch of stuck up assholes in general. It sounds like you're the one getting in the way of your child having this learning experience because you're sour of what some dicks did 30 years ago when this issue was actually an issue. 
Isn't there some athiest scout like groups now?
What an asshole.  No doubt you felt you had no recourse, but I'll bet if you'd taken it up with the district office, you'd have been accommodated by another troop who would have been happy to have you.
I never thought of doing that. I probably wouldn't tell that to the boys selling popcorn, because it's not really their burden, so to speak. But telling the adults with them. That is interesting.    I was an atheist in scouts. I don't think I was super quiet about it either. I guess I was lucky that nobody in our troop decided to care much. We weren't affiliated with any church. We met at a VFW hall. I guess we weren't particularly religious, as far as troops went.
I don't believe in God. But I'm a few signatures away from getting my eagle. 
Well it makes sense, my mom told me she'd rather me be gay than an atheist.. I honestly don't know what that means.. 
> but I'd been kicked out of Confirmation Class at my parent's church.Why were you kicked instead of just leaving it? Were your an irreverent prick, or something like that?I mean... are you 100% positive that you getting kicked out of the Boy Scouts had actually anything to do with religion, and not just with your own behavior?
I had a friend who became an Eagle scout, and the leaders knew he was an Atheist.  His plan, if they asked him if he believed in God and tried to deny him, that he would point out that none of them were in good physical shape, another supposed requirement.
Same. My parents weren't aware it was a religious organization or they wouldn't have sent me there to begin with. I guess we should have guessed given the meetings were at an L.D.S. church. :-) Thankfully the L.D.S. were unsuccessful in using the bullying techniques to recruit me into their mindless cult. 
TIL atheists can't be scouts. I was in the Air Cadets in Canada because I thought they were way less lame, but it turns out I couldn't have been a scout anyway. Interesting.
Why would you subject your children to the blind hatred and dashed dreams you experienced?
Eh, Eagle Scout and I've worked a couple National and International Jamborees (not as a scout but with the hired production company). I did find and they have all the religious groups with tents. They had everything from Mormon service, which was an entire day with 80% of the scouts in attendance to a tent with Muslim prayer sessions and even an atheist tent (it was called Humanist but same thing). They've progressed big time since we were kids. 
As an Eagle, you could have fought this, taken it to the national board. Unacceptable.
[removed]
They got to me at some point.  My scoutmaster strongly suggested, wink wink nudge nudge, that I had to believe in something, and that BSA might not look down favorably if I didn't.  I looked through and said I was Unitarian Universalist, because whatever, they would probably take atheists anyway.  That's a shame they railroaded you over something like that, sounds like they weren't cool with keeping you around anyway.
> It's 30 years too late for me, but I have sons who would probably enjoy scouting, and they're denied the opportunity. And I tell the kids this when they try to sell me popcorn.You realize you could have raised them as religious allowing them to become scouts just like virtually every parent raises their kids believing in Santa Claus so they have a nice holiday to look forward to?  Just give them enough tools that they can walk away from it after they reached eagle scout.
How did Boy Scouting in US became so entangled with religion? I mean, when Lord BP founded the movement there was some religious elements in it but not to this extension. I was a scout but not in US and found this whole religious thing here to be unduly exclusive, extremely bizarre and offensive, and against the spirit of Scouting in the first place.
> could no longer be reverentI'm an Eagle scout and that's horseshit. You can still respect the faiths of others and appreciate their viewpoints. Whoever said that was a moron. (My troop was unattached to a church and my scoutmaster's view on reverence and  god was shut your mouth during vespers.) Not standing up and helping you is not being kind, loyal, helpful, friendly, or courteous to name a few.The harder part is the do my duty to God from the oath. The quibbler in me says that if you don't believe in God then your duty is nil. I just wish it wasn't there and I'm Catholic. I'd prefer scouts and scouting to be fully secular. I don't need God to orient my moral compass.Sorry for the rant. I loved my time in scouts and having had everything come to the point where I can't wholeheartedly recommend it even for my own children is depressing in the extreme.
[removed]
I'm 37 and told them that at about 10, and no one cared. Depends on the adults I guess.
Jokes on the Scouts Association. I've been atheist and an Eagle Scout since I was 26. Sup. AMA Republicans /s
I was in the scouts and cubs growing up with my brother. My parents were both involved, also. We weren't religious in the slightest. 
Scouts canada is traditionally more secular whilst girl guides is not. The opposite of in the US.  
I don't know if this is meant to be a defense or an indictment. But that's not exactly a glowing endorsement. Don't ask, don't tell.
> love, hope, joy, peace.Christian things.
I see no problem with even requiring religion. Scouts is a private organization. If we believe in the Constitution we have to let private organizations set religious requirements. I'm a pretty straight-laced boring normal person, I don't even drink and I have strong morals. I'm not going to go scream discrimination if a church refuses to allow me to use their services. 
I personally couldn't possibly bring myself to do that. Wish I could. I would love to be a Freemason, as their values are something that I can definitely get behind. Their general idea is that they want to make the world a better place by being in it. Unfortunately, in order to join, you have to believe in a higher power. It's intellectually dishonest of me to say that that's even remotely close to true.
I was an atheist as well, scouts was never godly or anything and it never came up.Religion was never an topic when I was a scout. 
My dad was the scoutmaster for my troop, and our good friend and next door neighbor has been atheist all his life. When it came time for his Eagle Sm conference, my dad asked him to talk about how he practices reverence in his life.If anyone is looking at Scouting, I'd encourage them to meet with the Troop's adult leadership. It's good to know who's going to be influencing kids in formative years.
It wouldn't be an option now. The BSA is a private organization and they can say only people who pledge their lives to the fsm can get Eagle if they wanted.
This is why I would never tell anyone from my troop I'm an atheist. My troop is bible belt christian. Most of them don't believe in evolution and would probably think I'm evil or something. I had fun getting my eagle and love the people in my troop, but I never even let out a hint. 
In Canada, there's no boy and girl scouts; it's just scouts.I imagine they don't have any religious-belief requirement, either, or problems with transgender kids.
Religion wasn't involved at all in my scouting experience. I don't think this is the norm.
That is one thing I find really annoying about every military ceremony, and I go to a lot of them. I usually just end up thinking to myself how dumb this is while looking around to see what other soldiers don't have their heads bowed 
I have a slightly different experience.  It may be different in different branches or in different locations/bases, however the community I was surrounded by were pretty open minded.  Occasionally I would run into people you are talking about.  When I was in florida, I worked for a civilian who was a formerly in the Army.  He said that he doesn't think anyone that doesn't believe in god should be in the military.  I see his logic in it but I also see the ignorance, obviously.  His logic has to do with authority basically, however I don't agree with it. 
They are, but around the United States, the south in particular, they like to make a big deal about Baden Powell building it into a christian organization. They like to tell others that christianity is necessary for Boy Scouts. I don't run into any problems with being a leader assistant because i don't talk about it.
exactly, like it's some kind of contest. Oh THEY can join but atheists can't?
My scout troop went to chapel once a year during the summer camp we'd attend, and that was the extent of the importance of religion in our group.
Eventually when you go for Eagle you have to do a board of review with people higher up in the organization.  They'll put the kibosh on it at that point.
You don't seem to understand the distinction between an organization whose local chapters may or may not emphasize religion, and one which inconsistently applies its blanket ban on atheist members --- but there is a difference!
On my honor, I will do my duty to God and my countryI dislike the BSA's religious bias, but you can't say that it's a matter of interpretation. They are very clear that they expect a belief in some sort of god.
Eagle scout here. I revere many things. A god is not one of them :)
Same here. I was able to get by being reverent by simply being a decent, respectful person. Luckily I wasn't in an overly religious troop and one of the leaders who suspected I was an atheist worked with me to make sure I got through my Eagle board without any issues. 
You can be any religion and be a scout.  But you have to have a religion.  Satanist would fit the bill too.  Being reverent is considered a core value.
I've known i was trans since i was 7, the wife's doctor has a patient who is 3.
Gender identity is established at a very early age.  https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/17650129  https://www.psychologytoday.com/blog/psychoanalysis-30/201109/watching-chaz-bono-dance-lacey-is-not-harmful-children
Because it isn't a decision. 
Yeah but the fact that you can get past the requirement with only a LITTLE bit of pretending doesn't negate the fact that it's an official requirement.By way of analogy, plenty of gay people served in the military while it was banned by just pretending not to be gay in those moments when it mattered - but the fact that they got away with it doesn't mean that somehow gays weren't actually banned,,,...and it doesn't negate the fact that the ban was wrong.The ability to easily stay in the closet, whether gay or atheist, is NOT THE SAME as being free to be who you are.
Reverent just means solemn respect. I have a deep and solemn respect *for science*. The oath was always a bigger issue for me, but we never really did it, just the law & motto so I got past it quickly. 
The bad news is they make you use a separate bathroom entirely.  The good news is that you are camping, so it's really just a different tree.
Honestly, I think that's a good thing, they take the kids out into the woods. One allegation would be a total shitshow. For example, for hypothermia treatment, in SAR we were taught to strip down to undies, go in a sleeping bag with the patient, and heat them up. My teacher friend even has an incredibly strict my door stays the fuck open if you want to talk to me privately.
Well...yes and no. There are sections of the larger BSA organization, like Venture and Varsity scouts that do, in fact, allow girls. That being said, the actual Boy Scout section of boy scouts only allows boys. I may be mistaken, but I think that Varsity scouts can earn Eagle. Don't get me wrong tho. Still bullshit that there's the exclusion.
Actually, it's the other way around
I'm straight, but the next time I see someone ringing a bell on a corner with a big red bucket for the Salvation Army, I'd be tempted to say I'm gay, do you still want my money? just to see how they'd react. If they say yes, I'd follow up by asking why a company who treats gay people they way they do are comfortable taking their money. 
You were lucky. I was outed as an athiest early on, and even though one of the leaders had sympathy for me, it was made pretty clear I was wasting my time.They wouldn't award me any badges, even.It was a fucking nightmare for a kid to go through that. That said, I'm glad you had a good experience. Sounds like there were some OK leaders out there running rogue on the organization.
Pretty sure you know early on if you don't feel comfortable in your own skin. 
Gender identity is established at a very early age.  https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/17650129  https://www.psychologytoday.com/blog/psychoanalysis-30/201109/watching-chaz-bono-dance-lacey-is-not-harmful-children
> My scoutmasters always told me you don't have to be any particular religion or any at all. You just have to have some belief. Weasel words.
I don't believe in god, but I do believe in respecting people's views and their religion. If I'm at a dinner table and a prayer is to be said, I lower my head, close my eyes and count my blessings. I was always taught to be a good person growing up. If there is a god at the end of the road, I think he'd appreciate my honesty. 
I never chose to be an atheist,I can't help it if I've had the ability to discern nonsense since I was 4 and first learned about religion, and I can't help the fact that I don't have the ability to choose to delude myself.I didn't choose to believe that the Earth has a moon, and I can't choose to believe that it doesn't have one and pretend the moonlight isn't there.
Ok, I'm stumped. Which one is a choice, and which one is not?
I've known I was trans since I was 7, my wife's doctor has a patient who's 3. Kids are coming out younger and younger because there's more information about gender dysphoria.
Gender identity is established at a very early age.  https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/17650129  https://www.psychologytoday.com/blog/psychoanalysis-30/201109/watching-chaz-bono-dance-lacey-is-not-harmful-children
Scout's honor?
As a fellow eagle scout I can not say I agree. Part of being a Boy Scout is being honest- it is right there in the oath. I chose to be honest about being an atheist, and my troop did not hold it against me. I was respectful, we met in a church. I did my part during events, but passed on the religion. Then again, when I came out as gay I also offered up my Eagle Scout badge & pin. Was told by my troop to keep it, I earned it. I am nearly 40 years old & live in the southern part of the US. Sometimes, people just respect you for being honest as long as you respect them.Then again, things were not so polarized back then, because sometimes people are just assholes.
You ever give the scout oath a read?
Transgender just means your gender identity doesn't match with your birth sex. Why do you think it's weird?
I was just thinking the same thing. Although my scout troop met at a church we never talked about religion at all. It just never came up 
Switch atheism with any religion, and see how you sound:-Popular organization still bans [jews].-I was kicked out of popular organization for being [jewish].-Nonsense!  I'm [jewish] and rose to top rank in popular organization.  Just find a local chapter that tolerates [jews], and also don't say you're [jewish].Yeah, but no thanks.
Yeah, as I said in a reply to OP, I just put my 10yo in cub scouts this year because we moved and finally found a pack that isn't forceful with the religious crap. They know he's a firm atheist (this is the most logical kid ever) and they welcomed him right in! He is free to skip all religious aspects as well. No pressure at all. They're very inclusive and they said they recognize how important diversity, including beliefs, is. And we live in a heavily Republican area! I was shocked actually that they were so open. But thankful, as it's what my ADHD son wanted to do and he needs all the social interaction I can shove on him! 
My Scout troupe had prayers opening and closing every meet.
Dropped out right before eagle due to some family issues...  but I never had any issues with my troop from 2002-2007. Nothing ever got religious. Hell iirc I was troop chaplain for a short time, we really didn't care and it was just a title position.  
Or, just not let them know you are an atheist.
your troop was different than mine because I was literally forced to pray more than once. Even telling my scoutmaster that forced religious observation violated my deeply held personal beliefs got met with, I don't care, you're a boyscout and that means you have to participate in Christian religious services.
If you don't ask, don't tell, you're fine, but you're still forced to attend worship services and religion is a big part of scouting.
Try not to be too hard on him. He might be wrong that they are all like that...but he might live in an area with no other options close by. I, just being curious, looked up to see how many are near my area...and only two showed up. The closest was in another state. The other was same state but over 70 miles away. You might be correct in your assumption...but lets hold the accusations of him holding his kids back for personal reasons till we have the full story. Or whatever, that is just my opinion, man. 
Yes, Navigators USA in the US.  https://navigatorsusa.org/UK Navigators in the UK http://www.uknavigators.org/
There is also [4-H](http://4-h.org/?gclid=Cj0KEQiAifvEBRCVx5up6Ojgr5oBEiQALHw1Tk_1HNzE6z4JzYw_ygSNIyEmEvf2DuPv8oEJgpBLBcwaAhqC8P8HAQ). All inclusive, non-religious and you can join thousands of different programs and activities (aerospace, camping, programming) it's just not for showing cows and pigs.
Campfire USA doesn't have a religious bent and allows girls and boys.
yes. My Boy Scout experience never involved god. Guess it's up to the Scout leader of that group.
Also, since scouting is more local than not, you can have a far more liberal experience depending on where you live, though the boy scouts is in fact a Christian organization which tolerates other religions at heart (and at the highest level). They are getting better if they're supporting gay and transgender scouts on the national level, but atheism is a fundamental departure from the core philosophy.
why should a child have seek a higher  authority to stay a scout. the assholes of this story are  the adults running Scouting.
> but I'll bet if you'd taken it up with the district office, you'd have been accommodated by another troop who would have been happy to have you.The policy comes from the head office.
I didn't even know religion was a part of boy scouts. The entire time I was involved there was nothing about religion at all except once a year on boy scout Sunday a different area church would have all the area troops and recognize them and stuff but it definitely wasn't required or anything. The cub scouts did meet in a church but that's just because the church donated the space for them as a community service type thing, not because it had anything to do with religion.I know for a fact plenty of us weren't religions in any way and it was never anything even mention let alone an issue.
Nice. And congrats. 
Go for it. I wish I could've, but my scoutmaster was firm on his (the founder's?) line that without God there is no scouting. So I left. He tried giving me alternatives, but all still had or required some belief in a higher power, and I wasn't going to lie to myself, or him, or anyone else that would be on my Eagle board about what I believe (and don't believe).
Don't let anyone higher up in the organization know. They will sabotage you if they can. 
Gay people can still be Christians. God's flexible nowadays. Atheists can't be Christians.
because a badge means so much to him that he would treat a kid like that
Thank you for your comment. Unfortunately, your comment has been removed for the following reason:* Bigotry, racism, homophobia and similar terminology. It is against the [rules](https://www.reddit.com/r/atheism/wiki/guidelines).  Users who don't abstain from this type of abuse may be banned temporarily or permanently. If you have any questions, [please feel free to message the mods](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=/r/atheism). Thank you.
Thank you for your comment. Unfortunately, your comment has been removed for the following reason:* Using abusive language or fighting with other users (flaming), activities which are against the [rules](https://www.reddit.com/r/atheism/wiki/guidelines). Connected comments may also be removed for the same reason.  Users who don't cease this behavior may be banned temporarily or permanently. If you have any questions, [please feel free to message the mods](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=/r/atheism). Thank you.
Since you were 26? You age out of scouting at 18 so what the fuck are you talking about?
So did you just like, mumble through the second  line of the Scout oath?
Canadian?  That's probably why
Lol. I'm not saying that's good. I think that is horrible but if an atheist person truly wants to be a scout there is a way. Plus like I mentioned and other commenters have mentioned, some troops don't put any importance on it. Mine didn't at all and there is nothing in the requirements for each rank that says you need to believe in god. I honestly had no idea it was a possible issue and I personally never felt like I was hiding, though I am in general very internal when it comes to religious beliefs. It was only when a district representative came for my final board of review that it was a question. Evidently there was another possible district rep who wouldn't have cared. So it really is a personal experience thing.
Well from my experience with Christianity when I was young I know those are important aspects of that religion and I was just trying to find common ground. I know lots of Christians don't follow that but that doesn't mean they aren't Christian ideals.
Sometimes you just have to play the game. 
also acceptance, inclusion and tolerance...
>Scouts is a private organization. IOK. How's this: Boy Scouts of America receives government funding.
You see no problem with it in the context of the constitution and the right for a private entity to not be forced to do something, however surely you don't agree with it at least on a personal level and see it as a cultural problem?  You can have a problem with it and still acknowledge that it is protected legitimately.   Just like the stupid cake thing.  Yes, they had a right to deny anyone they want, but a problem still exists regardless.  A cultural problem, not an governmental enforcement problem. 
What if they said no Jews or Muslims? It shouldn't be a religious organization, it should be secular. It isn't a bible group. The problem for me is that they market it as an accepting place for boys, but until now, no gays, and still no atheists.
Perhaps there is nothing wrong with requiring a religion in a private organization. But the scout hand book and rank requirements don't say anything about that. There is something wrong with a hidden requirement that isn't told to a person until they are about to get the highest rank.But the way I see it, even if it is private they don't have the right to discriminate against people based on religion. Literally the only reason my qualifications of being an Eagle were brought into question was my disbelief in god even though I had been in the organization for years and was a very active and productive member. If that isn't religious discrimination I don't know what is.
BSA receives government funding.
I was under the impression that Boy Scouts were male only, and girl guides were female only 
UK does the same thing. 
I also never saw a huge religious influence in my local troop ,besides the meetings being held in local church and banquet prayers. I think it was mostly implied.
When this happens, I usually just when it rome it.  You can just pretend you are bowing your head for something else.  Unless you are trying to make some sort of statement, however I feel like doing that at a military ceremony isn't really the best time.  Also I don't think most people really care.
What state do you live in? I was involved with the scouts from 1990-2003 in Massachusetts and religion was never once discussed.
Not necessarily. It still depends on where you are. Our charter organization was a church and while I did have to have one chat with the pastor so he could write a letter to my Eagle review board, I never professed anything above a reverence for nature and had no troubles. (This was 2001, western NC.)
Thank you, this thread is full of apologists trying to justify. 
Also oddly patriotic. Is there a term for someone who thinks the country they're in is alright, could be better, and feels like pledging allegiance is kind of ridiculous?
What about autotheism?
Not to mention that doing your duty to god is in the Scout Oath. It is despicable, but the BSA is a private organization that can set their values as they see fit.
Well there you go. Secular Humanism it is. I believe in the betterment of humanity. I believe in people, and that together we can do great things. We can find our purpose in this vast universe together. That is my religion. 
None. Of this. Is true. I'm an eagle scout and over 5 years of scouting there was never a single mention of religion in any of my meetings, trips, or requirements.
... 3 year olds can barely talk. The fuck?
Honestly I'm torn on this subject due to the nature vs. Nurture debate and I would love to see more research on the subject.I mean....I can understand a child knowing he/she is different and doesn't feel right in their skin, but I also believe that the environment shapes a person. So i'm not entirely  convinced that being identified as transgender at a young age doesn't have any effect on how they identifty later on in life.Not trying to be insulting and sorry if I am, I approach this subject as a social scientist and I'm torn on the subject. IE how do we know for sure that identifying as such at a young age doesnt help shape the identity later on? And I applaud parents who accept their child no matter what, but wouldnt the parent encouraging the identity at a young age also help shape the identity itself? Id love to hear your take on it as well, but humans being subjective beings means you cant be truly objective either. Ive had a number of very deep conversations with friends who identify as trans as well, who also often agree with me that they aren't entirely sure.At 3 years old, I have a hard time accepting that a child can postively say  I am the opposite gender! With definiteness, however I have an easier time accepting that a child will grow up truly believing that they are trans, if the parent/coucellor/psych (since you said patient) treat them as trans. How can we be sure that this environment doesn't shape the belief/feeling/knowing that they knew since such a young age? Especially since we know that memory is a construct of the brain? IE that the child remembers that they knew they were since they were 3, if the memories themselves were constructed?Im also not talking about sexual orientation, but gender disphoria itself. Please feel free to discuss, i mean no offense at all, I am fascinated by the question to be honest and am unsure if we will ever be able to prove it either way.
I think people would be surprised how well kids can know themselves. 
Just to expand a bit further, I applaud parents who are accepting of their child, but im just not entirely convinced that treating them as such doesn't have any effect on the child itself.Im not convinced that a three year old can confidently say im the other sex and want a sex change to be comfortable in my own skin, however I could see a child thinking i am different at three years old, then growing up, identifying as tran, and then saying I always knew I was different, so I must have always known I was trans However, how do we know having a child at 3 years old see a doctor who treats the child as trans as a 3 year old, doesn't affect their development?Ive also heard some argue I knew I was at a young age, as I was dressing up, etc, but we also know that some children go through phases such as those who do not grow up to be trans. But how do we know that how the child is treated during that phase doesnt affect the development of the child? Does having a parent accept or even encourage the behavior affect the outcome later on? We cant really prove that since we cant exactly have double blind tests with the exact same environmental factors.I also wonder if the society itself impacts the outcome of total gender disphoria. People will argue that its always been there but just hidden until now, but again, we cannot prove this.Which is why I have a hard time accepting the treatment (sorry, cant think of a better word, but you know what I mean...) of a 3 year old as having gender disphoria. We can never prove that treating the child as such at such a young age doesnt affect the outcome...much in the same was as we cannot prove that it not being an option in previous generation and dismissing the idea did not remove that outcome for children at that time. 
Right, but does is shape a child's psychology and development to be treated as having disphoria at such a young age?I didnt even question or understand my sexuality at 3 years old, but I now consider myself Bi, which I do not consider as being a choice at all....but I also did not know or identify as Bi when I was 3 years old either.Did my mom telling me it was ok to be gay (or wtv else) when I was very young help shape my psych into who i am today? IE the nature vs nurture debate...
[removed]
Why does all that apply to girls but not to boys? Are male children invulnerable to sexual assault? Are transgender scouts? 
I mean the outrage here for you guys, from my perspective, is that transgender boys can be boy scouts which is more taboo to you guys than atheism? 
> Sounds like there were some OK leaders out there running rogue on the organization.I was going to address that but I edited it out of my comment for brevity. I never expressly said I was an atheist, I simply refused to participate in religious activities and gave no reason why. I recall being told they were disappointed in me for refusing to lead a prayer. I'm pretty sure they thought I was afraid of public speaking.Some of the leaders knew how I felt but not the troop leader, I suspect he would have prevented my OA nomination if he did.
So if you are born into a religion there is no leaving it because you do not have the atheist gene?   
I am more curious as to why you're downvoted. As in why people disagree and what argument they are bringing to the discussion.
Why are you being downvoted? I didn't expect /r/atheism to be transphobic.
[removed]
I don't believe in god, but I'm not anti-religion.
I think that as a kid and mostly as a teenager it's normal to be unsure about many things. And i think people might label them too soon with transgender. I don't know i think it might be dangerous to acknowledge kids and/or teenagers are transgender they might just be influenced by all the media about transgender and confuse their insecurities with that.
Not true. Transgender doesn't need to mean your identity doesn't match, it could also just mean your gender role doesn't match. A male who identifies as such can be transgender because he sees socially-described feminine traits as core to his personal masculinity. It is important to make the distinction between transexuals and transgenders. For the most part, the current state of dysphoria and related gender psychology indicates that self-identified transexuals who have surpassed their potential dysphoria identified their problem as physical, while self-identified transgenders who have surpassed their potential dysphoria identified their problem as social or a mix of interpersonal/intrapersonal ideas on gender
Most troops meet at a church, since the scouts are technically a Christian program. But yeah, maybe 100 years ago religion was more important in the scouts, but you're just lying to yourself if you think it still is or has been for the past 10-15 years at least.
My troop met at an Elks Lodge. A bunch of old men getting drunk at the bar sharing war stories while their wives played bingo. Was a pretty chill troop. Religion never came up in any of the rank confirmation processes. I'm an Eagle Scout and an atheist. But I know if I was in a different troop I would have had to pretend otherwise. 
That's a powerful trick for seeing through a lot of crap. Thanks. I'll definitely use it.
I agree but wouldn't it be great if he didn't need to skip anything?I also don't agree that it's ok to just find the right troop, because by ignoring the problem and supporting the organization as a while, you are also indirectly supporting the shitty troops that do discriminate against atheists.I see your point but I'm with Op on this one. Id rather put my kid in an organization that accepts all. Former scout here too - and I was with an awesome troop that never discussed religion, which is why I only learned about discrimination from scouts years later - which is when i quit after explaining why to my troop leaders. By staying silent, you are enabling the discrimination by other troops. Just my opinion though, I hope your kiddo has a great experience. But the org needs to catch up with the times, not just pretend to.
Just be careful, while individual troops might be welcoming, the overarching organization seems to have a bias against atheists. Either your son could get booted out or the troop could lose their charter for defending him.As terrible as it is that the do this, it's not a legal battle you can necessarily win if it came down to it so keep it on the down-low. No, you shouldn't *have* to, but it's a private organization and they can discriminate how they like in these regards.
That's awesome! I hope he has a great time :)
Ok. And mind had opening prayers. Are you really that shallow that a few sentences every week would keep you from having you kid receive a fun and rewarding experience? (Not trying to personally attack you, but seriously, they're just prayers)
Depends. Our pack is very inclusive and diverse. They know we're atheists but welcomed us in warmly and are very clear that my son doesn't have to do any of the religious stuff, ever. 
They generally have a prayer at the beginnings of meetings and that's it. At camps, you can either go or not go to services. Seriously, almost nobody cares.
They ask you, at least in my experience. It didn't stop me from enjoying boy scouts, but it did exclude me from achieving eagle scout. I did my service project and everything. They told me it could be any kind of god, as long as i believed in something. My friends told me to lie. I wasn't going to tarnish years of work with a lie. 
I wanted to double down on this answer.  I discovered Navigators USA about a year and a half ago when looking for scouring alternatives for my son.  It turned out there wasn't a chapter in my area, though, so I just started a new one!  It's a fantastic organization that allows quite a bit of leeway in the local chapters as long as they stick to the all-inclusive nature.  I can't recommend it enough if you're looking for an alternative to boy scouts or girl scouts.
>/me looks at NavigatorsWhile I like everything they're about, I don't understand why these things must be part of their core identity.The core identity for a scouting group should be scouting. Should be about camping, activities.If 99% of their website is about how inclusive they are, rather than *scouting* I worry more than a little bit that it's a bunch of people patting themselves on the back, more than it is doing all of the scouting activities.Can't this part be completely secondary? Can't we have a group where we act as if it's completely normal and ordinary to be inclusive and secular? And if it's completely normal and ordinary, the focus would return to the other stuff. 
I remember when I was in the military and stationed down south I was looking for Athiest groups to meet up with, and that came up.  I thought it was interesting.
Thanks!  I've always been a little sad about my boys missing out on being in this type of program.  There isn't one in our rural area, but I will talk to my hubby about getting one started!
Yes!!! 4-H also has a huge emphasis on being a leader in the community and teaches great public speaking skills, which is something everyone should learn. 
I never heard of this one either.  I kind of feel silly considering it's been around for over 100 years.
4-H was big in Indiana where I grew up, but I think 40 years ago it was still about showing cows and pigs...
I don't think I heard of that one.
I looked at this one, as well, but it didn't strike the right vibe for what I was looking for.  It felt like more of an afterschool program than a true scouting program. It's quite possible I just didn't look hard enough, of course.  There were a few others, as well (Baden Powell Scounting, Spiral Scouts) that I considered, but all in all I ended up on Navigators USA as the right balance of scouting and service.
That's who I meant.  Sorry if I was unclear.  And you're right, he shouldn't have to, but as you know, sometimes you have to go up the chain a bit because loons are frequently roosting in the most obnoxious places and pooping on everything.My son's an Eagle Scout and my husband is a Scoutmaster - both would tell you that stuff doesn't fly here. Our first cubmaster was an atheist and did a great job, didn't hide his beliefs, and worked well with other parents, a couple of whom were asked to sub in to cover the faith unit of cub scouts.And it sounds as if the OP was not saying he was an atheist, anyway - Scout policy doesn't support booting a kid for flunking catechism class or whatever.  Anyhoo, it doesn't help the kid who was kicked out of Scouting unreasonably.  A lot of work goes into getting to Life Scout level and it's sickening to me that he was jerked over by a bigoted asshole.
Trust me, most of the local leaders don't care.
In this particular case, it doesn't appear that he was kicked out for being an atheist, but for getting expelled from confirmation classes.  This doesn't seem to have been adherence to a policy so much as one guy being a knob to a teenager who had worked his ass off to achieve his rank.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Christian_atheismAKA Jesus was not divine, but he was still an influential philosopher. You can be an atheist Christian like you can be an atheist Aristotelian or an atheist Objectivist.
But ... I can see it still. 
Was an atheist during all of Scouts and am Eagle. AMA
You're still considered an Eagle Scout after you are no longer a scout.  I take this to mean that OP became atheist at 26.
You do know the scouts aren't just a bunch of kids running around right?
Yeah man do you have to get your eagle before you turn 18 then you're a scout for life though (everyone who joins and learns something is a scout for life in my opinion). 
No, it's not really a personal experience thing if the organization explicitly bans atheists.  It's more of a randomly enforced thing, and that's a pretty big difference.
There is in Cub Scouts, to achieve Bear. http://www.scouting.org/filestore/program_update/pdf/Appended%20Requirements.pdf page 19. It's a pretty clear cut requirement. 
I'd say you have that last part flipped about. A lot of Christians don't follow up on Christian Ideals and end up being more peaceful, loving and hopeful. Otherwise they'd be murdering us. Because it is commanded of them, and also they'd be murdering for a lot more petty things for Justified holy reasons. 
I understand. I was just trying to be snarky when a lot of Christians assume that those ideals are predominately Christian/religious and cannot be held by atheists.
Not to nit pick but I thought atheist didn't want to be considered a religion. So saying not Jews or no Hindus wouldn't compare.This is more like saying. You just have a car to be in our car club. Atheist can't be considered a religion for certain things and then not for others things. 
They don't receive be any Federal funding.
Maybe I'm wrong, but I thought Canada lumped 'em all in together? So they all learn stuff like knots, camping skills, sewing, etc.?
Nope I had girls and boys in my Cubs and scouts and beavers, a couple gay kids and no one talked about religion really, we met in a church and one of the leaders was a reverend but again nothing like that was enforced. Hell I even think a boy joined girl guides in my town.
There's no such thing as Boy Scouts in Canada. (Although asymmetrically, there are Girl Guides.)
Exactly, most people don't care. So I will continue to just stand there and wait for the prayer to be done while not bowing my head. 
That's pretty much what I did but it doesn't make it any less annoying.
Minnesota, '98-07. I'm pretty sure the scout camp we attended had to have a chapel to be recognized by the larger organization. 
I was a scout, and I had played Black & White.
My scout master said if I was uncomfortable with that part I wouldn't have to say it. I feel like it's just fun for people to shit on boy scouts some times. Some troops suck, when my family moved, I dropped out because the local scouts were crap, but others are great. It just depends where you live.  
...not sure you know the meaning of secular?
[A study found that](http://pediatrics.aappublications.org/content/early/2014/09/02/peds.2013-2958.abstract) a clinical protocol of a multidisciplinary team with mental health professionals, physicians, and surgeons, including puberty suppression, followed by cross-sex hormones and gender reassignment surgery, provides gender dysphoric youth who seek gender reassignment from early puberty on, the opportunity to develop into well-functioning young adults.Furthermore, [a study with 32 transgender children](http://medicalxpress.com/news/2015-01-transgender-kids-gender-identity.html), ages 5 to 12, indicates that the gender identity of these children is deeply held and is not the result of confusion about gender identity or pretense.  The study is one of the first to explore gender identity in transgender children using implicit measures that operate outside conscious awareness and are, therefore, less susceptible to modification than self-report measures.[Another study found that](http://pediatrics.aappublications.org/content/early/2016/02/24/peds.2015-3223) socially transitioned transgender children who are supported in their gender identity have developmentally normative levels of depression and only minimal elevations in anxiety, suggesting that psychopathology is not inevitable within this group. Especially striking is the comparison with reports of children with GID; socially transitioned transgender children have notably lower rates of internalizing psychopathology than previously reported among children with GID living as their natal sex.
[removed]
Girls are TEMPTRESSES. Didn't you know?
Nobody is born into a religion. There are no Christian babies, no Muslim babies, no Jewish babies, etc.Why do you appear to assume I was not born to religious parents?The incident I mention when I was 4 and first learned about religion and realized it was baloney was when my mother sent me to bible school.People are INDOCTRINATED into religion.There is no religion gene, there is no atheism gene, but it seems there are a hell of a lot of force people to do what you want them to do even if it takes threats, violence, brainwashing, fearmongering or anything else genes... THAT'S where religion (and other bad things) comes from.
Because we make people uncomfortable, and trans kids even more so.
Because a lot of people do not want to acknowledge that gender is mutable. Many people grow up believing that there is only male and female. Trans people challenge that cornerstone of belief. It's not unlike religion that way.
/r/atheism isn't. However, once a post hits /r/all, like this one has, the voting patterns gets skewed by the larger reddit community, which tends to be much more religious, transphobic, and antiatheistic. 
What does that have to do with what we're talking about?
That's not the way it works, that's not how any of that works.
That, and because churches often offer a public place often not being used by others. My scouting group met after school at like 8pm in the school, but there were certainly others meeting at the church because there wasn't enough room for every scouting group in town
They are not a Christian program in the least. 
It's not about Christianity. It's about believing in a higher power. In the Scout Handbook they have all the religious emblems you can get. They're here, and include Baha'i, Islamic, Sikh, and a bunch of others:http://www.scouting.org/scoutsource/Awards/ReligiousAwards/chart.aspx
It's known as the second Jew test. 
The organisation has been warped.  Find an early edition of the manual.   3rd edition (Canada) No attempt is made to interfere with the perogative of parents and pastors by giving religious instruction, but Scout officers properly insist on the observance and practice of whatever form of religion the boy professes. Where a troop ... consists of scouts ... of various denominations, they should be encouraged to attend the service of their own denomination, and the troop church parades should not be held without special permission of the commissioner. In camp any form of daily prayer or weekly divine service should be of the simplest character, attendance being voluntary.  That's it. Just the two mentions.  Anything more is a later bastardisation.  
For me, it was an INCREDIBLY isolating experienced. I was already bullied by the kids for being a total nerd, not being a sports kid, and actually LIKING the scouts stuff. The prayers further made me feel like I didn't belong in the group. 
I'd never tell my son it's ok to pretend to be something he's not just to get to do something fun.  To me just a few prayers is not a small thing.  But I readily admit the way I grew up has a lot to do with my views on this.
Would you like to participate in my weekly evocation to worship Anubis??If so I'll write one up for you since it's just prayers.
What part of the country are you in, though? Individual groups might be great, but the organization as a whole has a major religious component.
I remember the services at camps being mandatory.
Seems like something you should have talked to the ACLU with about it...
> It turned out there wasn't a chapter in my area, though, so I just started a new one!I fucking love you, but I'm too poor for gold. Sorry!
That's awesome. If I ever had kids, I would be all about this idea. I think kids are missing out these days, and I think girls have always missed out. The only thing they ever learn in girl scouts is how to be corporate whores. Sell more cookies in exchange for hollow popularity. Fuck that.
That's the national organization, and yes, they push hard on the inclusive aspect.  However, they are very flexible at the local level, so the individual chapters  can adapt to their own needs. My chapter, for example, focuses on STEM and outdoorsman-ship.  I'm a former boy scout, so I use that experience to help guide my activities.  Remember, too, that this is a young organization and its still struggling a bit to find its footing.  I think it's going to the right place, though, and I've got a ton of happy kids and parents to vouch for that.
The point of all of that is for the people who will be starting a new chapter. Because of the way it works, anyone can start one if they meet basic requirements. The reason they enforce all of it on the website is because the website is advertising to the people who will be running things on the local level as well as the kids who might join.They don't want someone to be bigoted in the name of the company. No need to be so pessimistic.
Yeah, the whole thing seems kinda preachy to me. I like the idea, but I'd rather just do wilderness stuff. 
The National 4-H program made a huge curriculum shift in the late 80s early 90s to try to appeal to a larger demographic in urbanized areas. They added lots of STEM  and liberal arts programs and made more state and nation wide gathering programs (World Congress, US Leadership retreat, State Congresses) 
Maybe not, but I was never going to take the risk of having my child invest all the time and energy (and have me invest all that money) when it could all be revoked any time.  He moves up to a new age bracket with a new troop leader, or we move to a different area, anything.  Then they kick him out.
OK, atheists can't believe that Jesus is mankind's Savior.
You can call yourself a Christian Atheist but you definitely aren't Christian, in which you must believe in Jesus as the son of God (and also in God). Christian Atheist is an oxymoron if I ever heard one.If you are atheist but think Jesus was a real, normal human that had some interesting things to say... fine, but I don't think calling yourself by any term containing the word Christian is accurate given how billions of people understand that term.
Yeah, the system lagged a bit so the removal didn't take the first time. It's gone now.
When they set you down for your review and asked you about duty to god and what it means to be reverent how did you respond? Or did they ask? They seem to lay it on a little heavy in cub scouts but, so far, less so in boy scouts i think. Any advice to a young second class scout? He is atheist but also loves his grandma so goes to church to make her happy. I think that will provide enough cover for him.   
Same 
Same. *gives blumpkin*
Well then he really wouldn't understand the struggles of someone who is currently an atheist Boy Scout. After you age out, your religious beliefs are irrelevant.
They are allowed the use of government-owned facilities. That technically requires that they not discriminate, but government regulations are never enforced these days.
they are definitely two different programs. I dont know how much they work together, if at all. You might be getting them mixed up with our cadets, as all 3 elements learn knots & lashings, sewing, and at least 2 elements learn camping skills. And both boys and girls can be cadets.
Nope, they are seperate. Boy scouts and girl guides.
my college is literally down the road from one of their offices. It turns out I was wrong about about them being Boy Scouts, but Canada does have [Scouts](http://www.scouts.ca/)
Gross.
Lol you were really ready for that comment, im certain you have had this discussion many times..but im not certajb the studies you present really answer the crux what I am saying (and may actually fall within the same question since the studies at first glance also exacerbate the same problem, by having the chikdren as part of the studies) but I also have not read them so i will do so - and get back to you when I have!I appreciate your providing sources, which may very well enlighten me on the subject!
I am also on my phone and travelling at the moment so pardon my typos and my delay in getting back to you - but I will :)Cheers and good night!
[removed]
> I never chose to be an atheist.> Nobody is born into a religion.Which is it? I choose not to be religious or was I born with no religion?
Your headline says that Atheists can't be scouts, but I disagree.  I was a scout.
Well, they started as one and are still influenced by the religion. They're a Christian program in the way America is a Christian nation nowadays.
This is what I was thinking. I'm an atheist and so are my Boy Scout sons. But I can get behind Zoroastrianism. Its basic maxims include: Do the right thing because it is the right thing to do. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zoroastrianism
Not according to Baden Powell. 
What is the first Jew test?
This.  My boy scout troop in LA had no focus on religion, but the ones here in Texas are WAY less accepting.  I'm not sure if its just because of time (I was in Boy Scouts nearly 30 years ago) or location, but there does seem to be a vast difference between regions of the country.
Yeah, for me attendance was required. They knew they couldn't make anyone actually participate so they would let you sit there quietly and awkwardly as everyone judged you. 
Why? It's a christian organization, they don't try to hide that fact. As long as we have religious organizations, we'll have discrimination within them against atheists. An atheist wouldn't ever become the a cardinal in the catholic church either for example.  I wasn't forced to do anything and i could have left at any time. The real problem is with the people that hire workers simply because they see Eagle scout on their resume. Like how you have to be a devout christian to be successful in american politics. I'm right there with you on that. 
lol! It's the thought that counts. I appreciate the sentiment.
It depends on the individual troop. I opted out of selling cookies many years and went camping instead. 
I heard similar stories from parents of kids in girl scouts.  They wanted less cookies and more camping.
Nature doesn't give a shit if you believe in God or who you are when you are cold and  lost in the woods. Nature is cool though. I should go to sleep. 
>and have me invest all that moneyReally? Scouts is about the cheapest thing out there.  You sound like you have a chip on your shoulder and are lashing out at something you have very little experience with.Edit - RECENT experience...
I was in band from 4th to 12th grade. I switched from trombone, to baritone, to French horn. I was in multiple concert bands throughout the years and marching band all 4 years of high school. I decided not to continue with music in college. I spent 8 years of my life with music and now I don't even play for fun. Did I waste my time those 8 years? Not at all. It gave me my friends I still have today. I learned how to appreciate all sorts of music, even some genres I never even would've tried to listen to. I will never regret those years. Again, it sounds like *you're* the one taking this opportunity to learn and grow away from your kids because of a bad past experience. That's a shitty thing to do, man.
Chances are you can fake it somehow without lying. I believe I said I was baptised in the Greek Orthodox church, and I'm involved with service at the church my troop meets at. That technically deals with duty to God. Chances are you can't avoid some godly shit in the boy scouts, so play those aspects up without lying.*Not sure how I would have responded if they pressed me, I was pretty big into Dawkins/Hitchens at that age... :/* This is also how you get a job. 
My review actually didn't get too much into reverent and duty to god. All I was asked is if I believe in God. I think I was asked by the one reviewer who I'd most have expected to know I was an atheist. Only question I lied on during that review. Don't regret not throwing away years of work over one question. Really as long as you don't say No to that question you don't have anything to worry about.Duty to god question, he can simply say that he goes to church regularly. If they press he can cherry pick what parts of religion that are pretty universally liked. Golden Rule and all that.Reverent question is pretty easy, whatever your son develops a deep respect should be enough. I would go with nature, and delve into why Leave No Trace is important and fundamentally about respecting the environment and following generations.Being an atheist in Scouts was probably not a whole lot different of an experience that other kids are getting. Just instead of bowing your head in thoughtful prayer you glance around the circle to see if there is anyone else like you. Of course that is going to heavily depend on what troop you're a part of. Mine met in a church every week but the religious component didn't seem huge.
Depends on where you're at. I'm an eagle scout, and I was never asked about duty to god during my board of review, but I'm also from California.
You are not correct with your assertion.   First, it was stated the BSA receives Federal funding.  It does not and using publicly funded facilities does not mean they are receiving Federal funds.  Second, since it seems you are probably referring to the use of schools for meeting places as I can't think of other publicly funded locations they use, schools cannot discriminate based on religion.  They can decide to not allow any religious activities but that would mean denying every religious activity.  They prefer the facilities be used and often rented.  So if the Church of Satan wants to use the facility it must be allowed.
not anymore, scouts is mostly boys but there is nothing banning girls. it's been this way for the at least the last 15 years.
Yes, that's what I'm getting at.
As was i, before i was kicked out of the scouts for being atheist. That ALSO has nothing to do with the first topic you brought up though.
I also disagree that the USA is a Christian nation.
Nope. Baden-Powell started the scouts to teach woodcraft and citizenship to boys. God was left to parents and the church to teach. 
I'm not suggesting you'd necessarily have a case, just that it would have been worthwhile to talk with the ACLU over something like this.
Us, too. We did cookies a few times, and once my mom took over she decided it was too much pressure and not fun or educational. We had a lot of poor girls in the group and it was really obvious the richer ones were able to bring in more money from family and friends.
There is a major difference between aging out of the program after high school and getting kicked out because **they don't approve of who you are as a person**.  Don't you think?
> This is also how you get a job.HaHa can I get an amen to that brother?
Thanks, I get a little on edge that he will out himself. He likes so much to be out with the other scouts and he likes the public service projects. Everyone is pretending for the most part to be something. 
I suspect he's actually referring to the Pentagon funding of Boy Scout Jamboree's, supposedly to the tune of $6 to $8 million a year (they are hosted on military bases at no cost to the organization).  Whether or not this counts as receiving funds from the Federal Government is a bit less black and white.
I didn't equate using federal facilities with receiving federal funding, I was simply using the comment thread as an opportunity to point out a DIFFERENT conflict.As far as the non-discrimination aspect of use, there actually was a lawsuit over the BSA using Fed. facilities and I used to know the details, but it's been so long now I forget, I believe it was either that the facilities in question were NOT allowing other groups to use them equally, or that the BSA was being allowed use for free (or cheaply) while others were charged a use fee - something along those lines.There also was a controversy over the National Parks giving the BSA preferential treatment in some way, that led to some controversy because pf the religious question a few years back, though I don't recall the details. Some googling probably would turn something up.
> Your headline says that Atheists can't be scouts, but I disagree. I was a scout.has quite a lot to do with > I'm an atheist and I was a scout when I was younger. My father was a scout leader, he is also an atheist. I don't think you should talk about your religion in scouts, thats not what the organisation is for.
I'm not at all religious but you thinking America isn't a Christian nation  is you simply believing some alternative facts. 
I agree that it's not. That's my point.
At the age it was relevant, i was more concerned about chasing girls and doing other teenager related stuff. I hear what you're saying though. 
Sure, but there's a difference between going through 8 years of a program then quitting voluntarily and never even being given the chance to join the program because your father is a spiteful ass, right? Should your kid never go out with a significant other because they might break their heart and leave them? You're being a paranoid control freak dude. It's not good parenting. Pretty objectively.
Sorry, atheist here. 
Eh. Everyone in my patrol knew. We were close friends. Had a newbie to the troop join the patrol and it came up. Just looked me in the eye that I was going to hell and I think he maybe returned to one more meeting, if that.If he is in a good patrol the kids probably won't care. Leaders might be a different story. If its a good troop they wouldn't ditch him, just have annoying sit downs and try to show him the errors of his way. No point in bringing it to their attention unless he is deliberately looking for trouble. Going to church alone puts him in a far better spot than I was.
In the words of the immortal dude, That's just like, your opinion, man.
America is emphatically not a Christian nation in any sense. It was founded primarily based on Enlightenment principles which reject divine kingship, revelatory knowledge, aristocracy and religious dominance of society. In fact, an actual Christian nation will require total domination of that religion. The First Amendment will be horrific to any medieval Christian Kings, Popes and aristocracy. Freedom of religion and free speech and a free press, that is the kind of blasphemy that sent people to the stakes to be burned.
Facts aren't believed, they are known.  I know the USA is not a Christian nation.  You saying it is, is you believing the people who are telling you it is.
If it was quitting voluntarily, sure.  But it's not.  It's not voluntary if they kick you out.  How are you missing that part?  And it's not like Boy Scouts has an exclusive lock on trying new things, making friends, gaining experiences, etc.  And it would be his mother being a spiteful ass in this case.  Which I am in some cases, but not this one.
never even being given the chance to join the program because of your refusal to support an organization that excludes children based on what church they do or do not attend.Protecting your children is good parenting.  
YOU got kicked out. Not your kid. And sure, there are other organizations out there, but the scouts are most likely the largest and most well known. I guarantee if you went to a scout meeting today to sign your kid up, they would take him in no questions. Don't support them if you want to keep living in the past, but you're being just as close minded as you perceive them to be. They're not the same organization as they were 30 years ago.
Why do you think they'll just immediately turn an atheist away if they just agreed it's OK to let transgendered kids in?  Do you think atheists are more persecuted than transgendered people?
Kim Davis,Ark Encounter,Creation Museum,now this.secede KY, secede.
If I was a teacher, I would open the Bible every morning and read some of the horrific stories from the old Testament to my students.  
Well, no, it doesn't.  It allows it to be taught as part of the history of religion.  It will most certainly be exploited and used to have religious plays and such under that guise.  Thats the problem.  A bill that openly allowed the bible to be taught AS HISTORY would be exceedingly easy to defeat in court as unconstitutional.  This is worse.  This is using a perfectly valid reason to trojan horse the bible into schools.  
I posted about it the other day and they already rammed it through. They are masquerading it as religious freedom for students, but it clearly isn't. It allows teaches to point to the Bible as a part of U.S. history and schools could also allow the performance of school plays that promote learning cultural or religious heritage.Bullshit. 
The sad thing is that it would be fine if Christianity was taught in the same manner as Greek Mythology but we know, particularly in the American South, that it would turn into a bible study class on the first day of class.  
Reminds me of my time in Afghanistan. 
>Public school students in Kentucky are one step closer to being allowed to express their religious beliefs on school propertyLiterally nothing is stopping students from doing this.
The bible as U.S. history...I must've missed the chapters and verses about landing at Plymouth Rock. Is all of that in the New Testament 2.0? /s
How many hours till the FFRF lawsuit?
When the inevitable split finally happens, we'll know which side of the fence Kentucky will be on. 
I was about to read this article until the Your cell phone has a virus popup spam ad.
Good, they can throw on the book of mormon, since that is way more american than the jewy bible. 
GODFUCKINGDAMNIT
Kentuckian here. They don't need to be taught about the historical significance of Christianity--they're living it. It's everywhere. 
If they allowed the bible to be taught here I would seriously go teach bible classes.First class would be a pop quiz on how many contradictions the students can list.  One year of this kind of bible study and they would ban bibles from being mention in school. the fastest way to become an atheist is to read the bible.
I live in KY. These stories make me even more sad than I already was to be living here.
that's it I am boycotting KFC
Teach the controversy! Teach the bible of satan! 
Look at the bright side, this might actually promote atheism. Today's kids are hopefully smart enough to smell bull shit. One of the reason I became atheist early in life, was because silly bible stories that I couldn't comprehend.
The problem is that they will be forced to back down when they will be required to teach about other religions.  So kids will also have to read from the Koran and, oh yes, Dianetics. The *History* of Religion is more than just the Judeo-Christian bible.
It's fucking Middle Eastern. And people wonder why I immediately don't trust anyone with a 'degree' from Kentucky. 
[Inappropriate For Children](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HwMyjKQ725E)
This is why an organization like FFRF is so important right now. I will be upping my donations this year. 
US HISTORY are you kidding me 
SO... this needs to not go through.
That Satanist activist group is going to be busy the next 4 years.
Lol
Do these people understand that the Bible is about 1700 years before US history?
The Federal government should be able to sue for legal fees when states pull this crap..you know when itself is also more sane
Was the actual story changed? I don't see anywhere that the headline supports the linked story.
Great know they know there going to hell for wearing  there uniform... oh what's that there just gonna read the good parts and do a week long  circle jerk so there be nice a lubed for Sunday. Yeah that's what I thought to 
Talk about the part where the guy fucks his own kids. 
We live in CA and in my son's 7th grade history class they have studied christians, Jewish religion, muslims. 
And take Texas with you. 
But let Louisville and Lexington stay in
As long as Louisville can be carved out. As a biology teacher in KY I can't begin to express how disgusted I am at the degree to which we have forgotten separation of church and state. The good news for me is that I teach in a private school, so many people will recoil from this by pulling their kids out of the public schools. Still. So fucking sad.
And take your jelly too!
Screw you. Lexington KY had the first openly gay, black mayor. There are many beautiful parts of Kentucky that welcome this sort of thing. Joke or not, you can't let the bad apples ruin the bushel. It's a great state and has taken leaps and bounds against right wing opposition. But it tries. Unlike many others.
Especially that one part about the [kids making fun of the bald guy](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=2%20Kings%202%3A23-25).
The irony is that once you read the Bible you're exposed to how out there some of it really is
All they do is yell about their kids being indoctrinated by liberals, but this, this is fine. 
The Trojan Horse analogy is spot-on. It's unfortunate that teachers push the Bible on their students. It's even more infuriating that in some states, it is actively encouraged by the administration.
So push for Koran and Buddhism.  Go for the Jesuit approach that teaches Saint Thomas Aquinas.  Done properly could teach critical thinking versus water to wine.
History of religion should be taught. World history would be a good place for it
It's too bad really. It could be valuable to teach the relationship between biblical values held by the population and their relationship to US history. It could be valuable to teach the origins and relationships between religions in a secular manner, especially early on (middle school maybe?). However, I don't think we can handle that in the US.
This! I reread that sentence 3 times, because I was like that's definitely not right...I went to HS in Kentucky and we had various Bible clubs and prayer at school events. Had I not been terrified of my parents, I would have spoken out.
Well, Jesus *did* visit the Native Americans. Does that count?
Is that where [Fuckface von Clownstick](http://images.gawker.com/18mkkhj03te6pjpg/c_scale,fl_progressive,q_80,w_800.jpg) is putting his wall?
Old Testament-style, no doubt.
I've barely met any christians my entire life, can't begin to imagine how surreal it must feel constantly surrounded by all that superstitious madness.
Try reading it again with more faithiness.
Well it ain't like that in Kentucky. 
The noun forms are Christianity, Judaism, and Islam.
Cool, what's your point?
Same in Tennessee, as part of the 8th grade world geography class. They spent quite a bit of time on Hinduism, Judaism, Islam and Christianity. I was not opposed to the way it was handled at all. 
And Mississippi. And Tennessee. And Alabama.
Except for Austin. We like Austin.
Can I move before Texas secedes, or are they going to hold us hostage and force us to pray the reason away?
Who takes Texan refugees 
Now that's uncalled for
Austinite here. You can't lump us in with the rest of those Martians.
Not Austin, we're keeping Austin. 
I am a gay guy from Texas that voted for Hillary.  Trump won our state with 52% and Hildog had 43%, stop lumping an entire state into your bullshit.
Lexington here, not every Kentuckian is a bible thumping, homophobic asshole. Some of us are good people. :)
Ok but we get to keep jim beam too
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=STFwMDkMDWc
You called me a mean name?Well these god bears are gonna eat you now.
One of my absolute favorites. The other is when Sampson kills a ridiculously specific large number of people. 
Mmmmm...Carmel.
Oh yeah my parents are always on about kids being indoctrinated by the liberal media and liberal teachers.  the irony completely goes over their heads.  Its maddening.  
The law has always protected expression of faith by individuals, what it prohibits is public institutions endorsing any religion. Anyone who tells you you can't pray in school is a liar, the fact of the matter is the school can't make you pray.
No, medieval style.  
Come to the south! Then leave because you won't want to stay here.
No, they just studied the people. 
Please do not leave me with a sectarian secessionist government
I'm ok if they take the entire South.  
Can we keep Nashville?
Don't forget Oklahoma!
I'll only take them after tremendous amounts of extreme vetting. 
I lived in rural KY for 20 years. Met maybe 3-4 liberals and/or atheists in that entire time. Move to Louisville and probably 19 of the first 20 people I met fell into one of those categories. It's refreshing, but bills like these are why I don't want to raise my kids here.
Over my cold dead body. 
Maybe that's why Betsy DeVos think [Grizzlies are going to attack schools](http://www.nbcnews.com/news/us-news/betsy-devos-schools-might-need-guns-due-potential-grizzlies-n708261).
For no real reason, as propaganda against an entire bloc of people.
Yes omg my aunt even went so far as to say that gay people were indoctrinating children to be gay so Christians must get to the kids first to teach them the right way. Ugh. 
Truth tends to have a liberal bias. 
No worries. We'll plan a mass extraction to rescue all the heathens.
Come to NC, we need your vote to stay purple! 
Frankly, I am too. There are lots of beautiful landmarks we'd lose, but maybe we could buy 'em back cheap after the christards run them into the ground?
Okay, but you have to feed it and take care of it.
I'm okay with that.
I will pass that extreme vetting. Save me!
I understand. I am on the fence about procreation altogether. My fiance and I are leaning towards not having any.
Username checks out.
About as likely as a Muslim terrorist
Somebody better have a job for me when this happens
Ah cmon don't use words like christard. That totally disenfranchises your point!
Do it. personally, I think having a child is one of the most fulfilling things you can do. Kids will teach you a lot about yourself that you may not learn otherwise. Anyway, you choose where you want to raise your kid, where they go to school, he'll you can even teach them yourself. Please have kids and teach them about science and the arts, we can't let the uneducated overtake the population, otherwise it's fast track to idiocracy. TL;DR have kids, they are our future and if smart people don't have kids what are we left with?
I'm in Canada, we could open the Railroad again, for atheists mainly this time.
Yeah I understand. Both of our families are here and my mom isn't doing well. I don't want to move away from them. Maybe we'll look back on it after we get a decent President that wants to help our kids and not hurt them.
I hate to say keep the light on for me... But keep the light on.
With extreme vetting ? 
What does the t stands for?
He gets points for not having wheels on the bottom. But Jesus didn't get to stop and chat along the way.
I'd say he nailed it.
*execution 
Excuse me sir, but would you have a couple of nails i could borrow? I need someone to put me up for the night.
Look at me, I believe in Jesus more than you! 
If Jesus had been stoned, would he be carrying rocks?
Three other people should show up with an I, another T, and an S.
Have you heard the good news, brother? You can get 2 burgers + 2 fries + drinks for only $10.99. Someones gonna get crucified for this deal. 
Stand next to him with a mocked up Guillotine. 
Seriously, this is one of the main things that comes to mind when I see a cross. What if Jesus had been hung to death? There would be nooses on everything on everything from necklaces to Easter candy.
Murder BY torture. There's a difference. People didn't survive being crucified. Jesus certainly didn't.
A totally inaccurate crucifix, the Romans used a device that looked like a capital T, they nail you to the cross piece and put it on the upright.
Pretty sure it was an execution device 
Just a few more days carrying that thing around and his afterlife will be all set!
Dumbass forgot the tailwheel.
But but Jesus touch something similar to it thousands of  years ago so it's ok, same reason for this whore and blind man, for Jesus 
pro tip dont help carry it
It's a beautiful symbol of what Jesus did for mankind.
Tard
Time to leave
A cross from where?
Trump
T is for turtle. 
Issa knife
I'll tell you later.
He probably also didn't have comfortable shoes and clothes, not to mentioned the nice paved sidewalks..
Actually, I'm rather impressed. That's one stout cross. Usually they're dragging around a couple of 2x4s with wheels.
Yeah but it also isnt tall enough. No way that that would properly stay in the ground and upright.
Well yeah but clearly the point is to torture you for a few days first.
he'd be carrying a dimebag
Oh, the sin rhetoric.Hate to burst that bubble, but sin is an imaginary disease to sell you an imaginary cure.
What did he do?
Do you honestly believe blood sacrifice can absolve you of your sins? That's barbaric.
And the guy with the iPod isn't whipping him or spitting on him or mocking him. Ironically, WE have to do the work of mocking him.
It's a DoT
Died on the cross for our sins 
http://imgur.com/a/hBpO6
But only for like 3 days..I don't think that really counts.
I don't want anyone to be punished for things I did wrong. 
Yes he was resurrected after 3 days
Jesus is alive and well in heaven with the father and he defeated Satan, Hell and the grave. Gods plan came to pass, and that's what's important. Regardless of how you feel.
But if there's a resurrection, theres no sacrifice through death. And if Jesus died, theres no miraculous resurrection. You can't have both a miracle and a sacrifice.So, really, it just sounds like he had a rough couple of days for our sins. Which is arguably less  impressive. Even more so if we are to believe Jesus is perfect; Him making a sacrifice is unremarkable since hes only acting out his nature.
Look I don't necessarily agree with your religion, but you've been respectful and I'm sorry people are mocking you. 
Oh it's ok I don't let atheists bother me and I have church in the morning so I have something to look forward to. :)
Why are you here? To piss atheists off?
For goodness sake, stop chasing the bright, shiny object that usually presents itself in the form of a tweet. Focus on what the man is actually doing.
How to make a Trump tweet: (Subject) is (adjective)! (Insert usually bullshit statistic or evidence here). So (negative adjective)!
I'd rather not read the article than pay money or turn off my ad-blocker. 
>Updated on 2/2/2017: A White House official, speaking with ABC News, did not dispute the authenticity of the draft religious freedom executive order, but officials said it is one of hundreds circulating, some drafted by the transition team, others by the White House, not all of which are likely to become policy. The official did not say who drafted this particular order.	
I am a straight white European male. Ex military and very fortunate. I will fight to the death for your racial, sexual, political and gender equality. Fuck nationalism, fuck absolutism and fuck extremism - you are human and therefore my sibling.
> Patrick, who famously suggested that the LGBT victims of the Pulse massacre deserved to be murdered...What the fuck?
This post is yet another example of a scare tactic. OMG he might do something. There is no evidence that he has even considered doing anything other than a leaked document.Focus on facts people. 
But hey everyone - we should just wait, not protest or complain or be cry-babies, and see what he does. I'm sure the GOP will decide to actually respect peoples' freedom, reproductive rights, and sexual preferences this time. /s
I can't wait to fire all my divorced clients.
[removed]
Peter Thiel: Fuck all you other gays, I'm rich bitches!
[removed]
backwards ass fucking people love is love get over it fuck. Let these people be happy. 
[removed]
[removed]
The issue of sexual preference and what rights and privileges accrue to those who choose to color outside the lines is one that had a devastating affect on the outcome of the American election. Recently there was a statistic that suggested that the general public perceives that the number of homosexuals greatly exceeds the number of homosexuals in reality. This perception is the result of gays/lesbians appearing in almost every television show, magazine, movie, etc. So while this may bolster the gay/lesbian objective of making their lifestyles more commonplace, and therefore they hope more acceptable, it also set the stage for panic amongst conservation North Americans. This election should have taught everyone a very important lesson: do not mistake silence for acceptance. 
Locked for excessive rules violations.
downvoted because site requires no adblock. fuck that
[deleted]
Don't be a dolt, its not a war against same sex marriage. its a fight to preserve traditional values.And since some of you will think I'm serious, I'm not.
[removed]
There's literally no proof, this is the biggest ha fear mongering 
[Proof Trump hates the LGBTQ community!](http://img.huffingtonpost.com/asset/scalefit_630_noupscale/58177a15150000d804530d10.jpeg)
Don't see where this targets same sex marriage at all. 
Can we please stop calling everything... or anything a war on...?It provides little except the opportunity to justify extreme actions and some sort of misguided notion that there could be a victory.
He never promised anything, he just said he believes it's a state's rights issue.
Ugh. Is it [current year + 1] yet?
Don't believe the L.A. Times.
There is absolutely zero evidence of him doing this, so many people are mad about speculation of drastic exaggeration of a situation. 
Oh come on. Dudes from Hollywood, he's not gonna fuck with gay people. 
This is just spectulation wtf.Like Trump done finally something good for the lgbt comunity and still people are raging on him
Supporting freedom of expression =/= an attack on homosexuality. Any insurance companies not supporting or acknowledging homosexual marriage will lose a significant amount of business that other insurance agencies (or future wise investor) can swoop in and pick up the lost business.
absolute vast majority of people in america are not homosexual so I doubt it really bothers people deep down. 
they dont understand, he has been doing this for a while, they will say he is anti lgbt or anti gay, then he will come out on twitter and completely smash him, lets see if more media tries to burn him on this one.
[deleted]
There are enough things he's doing you could double the size of the media covering him and *still* not get everything.In any event, they can try but I highly doubt the Supreme Court would be willing to overturn [*Obergefell*](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Obergefell_v._Hodges) ... and the anti-gay-marriage forces DO NOT have enough power to force a Constitutional amendment, which is about the only thing that can trump an SC ruling.
Like picking pence for his vp pick?
If he said the things he tweets in official public appearances on TV, you wouldn't have a problem with people noticing and being bothered. The medium being Twitter doesn't diminish how bad it is that he's saying what he's saying so carelessly. He's the president. Anything he says, regardless of where he says it, is important. Even more so when he's actually expressing the thoughts that later lead to official policy. We should not make his tweets the entire story, but to pretend his tweets are unimportant distraction is, I think, dangerous. 
.... Gods work? E: /s? Sorry guys I forgot that you're all in high school and can't recognize sarcasm. 
[removed]
I even think Trump is behind this shit himself. People, these Trump just did this articles are getting tiring. Is this all progressives are going to be doing for the next 8 year's, crying as much as possible about petty shit. Creating drama out of nothing? It def makes for good advertising revenue (probably the only reason why they keep writing up this dribble) 
Someone should turn this into a website, or a bot or something. 
(Your comment) is (wrong)! (100%) of u/Lethik comments are fake troll comments. So (dumb)!
Ah,  presidential mad-libs. 
Hey, that's how most of my high school essays are written.
Very effective for communication actually.
I have my ad blocker turned on, and accessed the article just fine. There was a promotional pop-up, but no pay wall.
Hit escape just as the page loads... boom, anti-blocker script canceled!
Using Firefox's `Reader View` you can also read the article just fine, despite the modal window.
I saw on my Android phone, no popups. Fewer ads than most news sites.
Considering the white house has been spewing more lies than truths at this point I'ma take this claim with a grain of salt...or thirty...million...
[removed]
I like your enthusiasm. I dislike your comprehension skills. These websites are getting out of hand with speculation, conjecture and out right lies. Will he do any of those thing stated or none of them? We don't know and this fear mongering needs to stop. 
I've actually heard this a lot, lots of conservative religious types implying It's Gods way of punishing homosexuality.
http://www.dallasnews.com/news/news/2016/06/12/lt-gov-dan-patrick-condemned-for-scheduled-tweet-following-orlando-attack
Dan Patrick is a worthless sack of shit. He's not human and I really hope he stops living sooner rather than later.
He has been openly supportive of gay rights and this shit still pops up. There are so many other things people should be worried about
[removed]
I think there's a difference between protest and trashing/vandalizing locations. That, and setting fires.
I believe that should be your right. 
[removed]
How dare a gay person disagree with you politically?
Cause clearly that's the only thing going on here. Just take whatever that buffoon said on twitter at face value.
[removed]
[removed]
truth
Welcome to reddit
[removed]
Trump took a breath, plans to take all the air from every citizen! Don't believe him when he said he was just taking a breath!Edit- some words.
Thank you for your comment. Unfortunately, your comment has been removed for the following reason:* Tone trolling--For information regarding this and similar issues please see the [Subreddit Commandments.](http://www.reddit.com/r/atheism/wiki/guidelines) If you have any questions, please do not delete your comment and [message the mods,](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=/r/atheism) Thank you.
Reason 1) Because once you start denying service based on sexuality that allows somebody to come along and say 'well if we can discriminate on sexuality why not race' and then overnight black people are shut out of a massive chunk of shops across the more racist parts of America.Reason 2) If a gay couple live in a small, remote, deeply conservative town the entire community can all gang up and bully them/make life hard for them/force them out by agreeing not to serve them. 
> Things seem a bit dramatic in this thread, but serious question. What does denial of service, employment, etc. have to do with rights? It's called the Civil Rights Act.
What will anti-discrimination laws do to help?WELL GEE, I guess they didn't help the civil rights movement, or black people, or women, or minorities!They are put there for a reason, because fact is, there are a shit ton of racist Americans who are still around, and would love the opportunity to be assholes with support of the law behind them.You're not being consistent.If there's anti-discrimination laws then if someone spits in your cake then you either sue their ass or don't buy cake from them. Probably both.
exactly. you have a right to refuse service to anyone, as you also have a right to tell people that business is scummy and boycott it. 
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
Proof Trump loves the gays. He picked Mike Pence to shock the gay out of you!
Do you know what pandering to voters means? Trump's entire campaign was lies,  just to certain demographics. Look at his response to the question about whether he supports same sex marriage.  He just dodges the question. He said he is fine the supreme Court made a decision. Not that he was fine,  or agreed,  with the decision itself,  just with the fact the Supreme Court MADE the decision. This means he won't try to challenge the decision,  presumably, but he does seemingly want his regime to go after the LGBT community in different ways. Waving a fucking flag means nothing,  look at his words,  and the actions of his subordinates. 
I just listened to the Joe Rogan podcast with Alex Jones who was saying Trump had been supporting LGBT community for years and the media is trying to say he doesn't. I'm not sure who to believe. What is the proof that he is anti gay?Your image suggests he supports them. I'm not American so it's hard to follow all this Trump news.
Every subreddit has become a bastion of anti-Tump, karma induced low effort posts. Often times with misleading information. As long as its anti-Trump it doesn't matter. Because Karma.  
Then did you read it? 
Educated speculation.  What exactly has Trump done for the LGBT community?
The insurance company's decision to not acknowledge a homosexual marriage is one of the most pure forms of an attack on homosexuality. 
Economic fallacy. Also a moral fallacy as well, what if I'm expressing hatred of gays? That's clearly expressing homophobia as well as attacking gays.If the group of homophobes is bigger than the number of gays then, what group do you think is more profitable?
Well I'm sure that will really console the same sex couples and that already HAVE that insurance and can't just *find a new one* because that isn't how insurance works. 
Posts made by you on this subreddit: 0Comments made by you on this subreddit, including this one: 3Yeah. 
My T_D detector is getting really good.
But had you read the article, you'd know that this is *not* about overturning Obergefell. It's about all the other stuff he can do to hollow out marriage equality. Like allowing businesses and individuals to discriminate. 
Adding to that, Chief Justice Roberts is often concerned with maintaining the Supreme Court's reputation, so there's a nonzero chance he'd uphold Obergefell.
I think that was simply an insurance policy against being impeached.  I'm not sure Trump actually likes Pence.
What he says isn't even coherent - what he says on tv is the same bs too.Focus on what the man is actually doing.
[removed]
Trying to hold a government official to a standard is crying?
This is not exclusive to progressives/liberals. The right cried about Obama for 8 years. There's nothing wrong with being worried about bad shit happening, especially considering Trump's campaign rhetoric. 
Combat Trump tweets with synthetic generated Trump tweets. I like it!
Could be a Cards Against Humanity card!/r/cahideas
http://www.trumptwitterarchive.com/
Like a simple-minded Mad Libs!
I was blocked. Using uBlock Origin.
About 3 tablespoons worth?
What better reason to fight for something than for the well being of others.
[removed]
Just because you don't need to use a tool doesn't mean that it isn't a good idea to have it. Think of insurance. Just because I'm not protesting doesn't mean someone like me isn't there to defend others who are targeted. 
Did you even read the article? It sounds like he didn't sign the executive order because it got leaked and there was an uproar. They didn't deny the executive order existed,  only that he wasn't going to sign it at this time 
I've heard that from Facebook loons and the occasional pastor, but no one in a position of power.
Never in his campaign for presidency was he ever supportive of gay rights. He was against the supreme Court ruling and he pledged to signed the FADA, which only stops the federal government from taking action against anyone who discriminates against people who believe marriage is between a man and a woman and sex belongs in that marriage. What's really sad is that this is true and people still claim he's openly supported gay rights. He hasn't done anything against gay rights so far, and I agree people shouldn't get worked up but anyone who says he has been anyrhing close to pro-gay is a liar or ignorant.
Waving a flag is not openly supporting gay rights.  What exactly has he done to promote gay rights? 
>He has been openly supportive of gay rights This would be awesome, can you source this? The only thing I've seen on the matter is [him saying he'd try to find a way to overturn things](http://www.latimes.com/nation/politics/trailguide/la-na-trailguide-01312016-htmlstory.html). > There are so many other things people should be worried aboutLike what? Also, may I ask if you're gay? 
Thank you for your comment. Unfortunately, your comment has been removed for the following reason:* This comment has been removed for using abusive language, personal attacks, being a dick, or fighting with other users. These activities are against the [rules](https://www.reddit.com/r/atheism/wiki/guidelines).   Connected comments may also be removed for the same reason, though editing out the direct attack may merit your comment being restored.  Users who don't cease this behavior may get banned temporarily or permanently.--For information regarding this and similar issues please see the [Subreddit Commandments.](http://www.reddit.com/r/atheism/wiki/guidelines) If you have any questions, please do not delete your comment and [message the mods,](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=/r/atheism) Thank you.
Yes there are. Good job for making the distinction.
[removed]
it goes beyond politics
What the fuck are you even talking about? Did you bother to read the article? This has nothing to do with his tweets.
[removed]
[removed]
**Reddit:** *Where everyone votes based on titles and the rules are only enforced if you disagree with the admins.*
[removed]
[Breath vs Breathe](http://www.educationbug.org/a/breath-vs-breathe.html)
You know laws aren't always ethical, right? That's why the civil rights movement demanded civil rights. So that racists, sexists, and other assholes don't abuse the system to be exactly that.Going by your logic, the Nazis had the right to discriminate against Jews.
[removed]
[removed]
He never promised anything, he just said he would consider it, because he thinks they should be a state issue. Which i partially agree with, as i think states deserve to set some rights themselves rather than depending on the federal government. 
Where is your source? 
Here's a hint, Alex Jones is a fucking trash can. 
Holding a flag < making Mike Pence your VP. He might not be anti-LGBT personally, but the people he chooses to surround himself with definitely are, and those are the people that he will base his actions on. 
If you're not American it's kind of tough to tell. Hell, if you are American it's pretty hard.First, don't listen to anything Alex Jones says, the man is a lunatic.Trump has stated support for the LGBTQ community for a while, now. So, at least at appearances he seems a supporter. During the campaign trail, when asked about the Supreme Court decision regarding same sex marriage, he said he believes it's a state's rights issue. So, that's not necessarily a statement that he's not a supporter, but it's also not saying he will work to uphold the ruling.That being said, he picked Mike Pence as his VP. Pence has a *long* history of being against LGBTQ rights. I won't get into the details, but a quick Google search will show you some of the more extreme anti-gay stances Pense has publicly taken. So, in a nutshell, Trump has given lip service to marriage equality and LGBTQ rights, but his only action that shows what he really thinks has been against, in choosing Pence.
refused to sign a order that would make any organization, including closely held for-profit corporations to refuse services to LGBT people.
How, as they're literally choosing not to interact with them? How is inaction correlated to a direct action? The companies that won't recognize homosexual marriage don't have a monopoly on insurance and they're not going to be left unable to find insurance, so they're not depriving them of means of insurance.     Do you not believe in free-will and voluntary interaction? If I preach on facebook that I hate every race other than Middle-Easterners, do you not support your right to choose not to do business with me? Doesn't a business owner have that same right?     As a white person, I would whole-heartedly support a Middle-Eastern person refusing to do business with White people, because I know that inevitably that means an intellectually superior investor will step in and provide for the customers willing to pay for a service and unable to find a supplier, regardless of their race, sex, religion, political affiliation, anyway.    While I don't agree with homophobia, the free-market will kill the idea if it isn't able to compete, and we're constantly having our rights muddled by stipulations and exceptions.
You're absolutely allowed to express your hatred of Gays.     And straight people, and black people, and white people, and children, and Christians, and Muslims, and Atheists or whoever you wish to; that is as long as you aren't actively encouraging or inciting violence. That is the definition of freedom of expression.     Haven't you heard the quote 'I might not agree with what you have to say, but I'll die fighting for your right to say it,' because that is a core principle of western culture and the United States.   
Textbook appeal to emotion; I thought we didn't use fallacies like that as the basis for our argument in /r/atheism?    What if the government forced businesses to sell to people who supported the public hanging of gay people and mouthy women? The gay bakery owners wouldn't like being forced to bake a cake for someone who passively supports ISIS if they didn't want to, would they?
I love the mods here LOL
Damn lol. Idk about him but I've been subbed since I joined almost two years ago. No submissions and I mainly read so have no clue how many posts I have.
Fair enough. Although the idea that an employer can discriminate against a legal union is all kinds of fishy and I highly doubt a legal challenge would even make it to the Supreme Court (unless the SCOTUS felt the need to clarify on the matter and/or they felt the need -- *again* -- to remind the President what checks and balances are)
Exactly, he wants to give the illusion that the Supreme Court isn't a conservative lapdog, so he occasionally sides on the liberal side of things when he thinks the decision will be high profile...while siding on the conservative side of things the rest of the time.So as long as we make any attempts to attack gay marriage high profile enough he'll be likely to shoot them down.
Right. Guy takes insurance policy against being impeached, not guy he thinks will help win election. This is a mind bogglingly stupid line of thought to actually believe. Oddly, it sure gets repeated A LOT around here. 
I think Pence turned out to be a life-saving pick for Trump during the campaign. Pence balanced out his ticket and I think earned him a lot of support from the establishment and evangelicals. Basically helped Trump bring over the Cruz supporters from the primary. Meanwhile Clinton picked someone that didn't help her ticket's appeal to anyone.
How's Pence an insurance policy? I'm sure a lot of Republicans would love a Pence presidency and probably suspect he couldn't win an election to get there. 
[removed]
I just don't get that thinking either. I guess we're just supposed to sit back, say fuck it, and let this current administration trample over our Constitution.I really wish these tools would stay in their safe space; ie, T_D.
Standard? Or you mean micro managing.  Or you could just keep calling it blowing everything out of Proportion. Funny how when anyone disagrees with someone they detest, they automatically chalk it up to them not being able to meet certain standards. Let's just hope he doesn't pull some fraudulent shit like Bengazi 
If I knew the first thing about programming I would totally turn this into a Twitter bot that does nothing but tweet at Trump's account
Hopefully starting with tweets about fake news. 
Loving your username mate #freethinker
Remember that argument goes both ways and given how the left has reacted to this election speaks volumes. 
I can't remember the exact names but there was multiple tweets from people in government saying it was a punishment.
http://m.washingtontimes.com/news/2017/jan/31/white-house-tries-calm-fears-gay-rights-rollback/
http://m.washingtontimes.com/news/2017/jan/31/white-house-tries-calm-fears-gay-rights-rollback/This and also saying that the Supreme Court decision is settled.
>Like whatThe environment, even if I was gay this would be a more pressing issue
[removed]
[removed]
Well that's petty true these days.  Just tried to respond to a comment, and couldn't because the comment has been deleted.  Mods seen to have a full time job to make sure only the correct thinking gets through.  
Snowflakes don't know that they're snowflakes, like mister anti-PC [here](http://i.imgur.com/VOuAOi5.jpg).
Give him a break, breath has an e on the end in Russian.
Have you listened to the podcast. The claims he is making (which are mental) get checked by Rogan's assistant and they are all true. These are all claims from the past so the conclusion is out to see but it seems he is right on a bunch of stuff. But then again, it just seems to crazy to be true. He must be wrong on some things.
Source?
Ha!  So, Trump should get bonus points for not making it easier for people to discriminate against them? That's not how this works, especially when its your own people drafting the order.  Nice try, tho.
In my mind, denial of service is an attack. Similar to the computer industry with DDoS attacks that are punishable by law. If not being able to reach a computer service is illegal, I believe not being able to access an insurance service is also illegal. The fact that the company is making this decision based on their sexuality, makes it an attack on their sexuality. Free-will and voluntary interaction has it's limits within the United States. I understand your arguments, but I believe they fundamentally go against our nation. Your ideal of allowing everyone to refuse business based on race or anything does not work. Specifically because the controlling majority is currently Catholic white males. We essentially lived by your exact ideology during the slave and segregation era.I believe in a business setting, you are conducting business with that person. Not their race, religion, political affiliation or any of that. 
Right...I guess it's time to bring back Jim Crow. Not going to bother with a witty retort, since there's plenty of arguments about freedom of expression. The most basic one is that you don't scream BOMB! in an airport or FIRE! in a movie theatre, because that is a danger to the public. Laws are about balancing what is ideal with what is practical. It's practical to the public if we don't defend people who attack other people.Its just freedom of expression guys! doesn't work when arguing about racists.
Shrodinger's politician : simultaneously fantastically dumb and an evil genius at the same time.
[removed]
Serious question. How is the administration stomping all over the constitution? 
[deleted]
We don't believe in that stupid bullshit called safe space 
I am a trump supporter. These articles and headlines get tiring, but I believe in being overly critical of him since he has a lot of power now. Do I think he's going to ruin everything? No. Do I think he's made terrible decisions already? Yes. In fact, I admit that I don't think I'm going to support him all the way through. But I am completely sick of thinking my friends are sane rational people one moment, then the next they're literally going apeshit about something the media said he did. For now, I support him as long as he keeps angering these immature children that throw around names and cut off friendships over political opinions. This election has turned people into animals on both sides. 
>Remember that argument goes both ways and given how the left has reacted to this election speaks volumes.What does that mean? This argument goes both ways? The argument is that people will be there to support those who need it, in times of need. Thats the argument. How does that go another way? What does that mean how the left has reacted? You're making a blanket statement about a lot of people. 
Lol,  so saying he isnt going take anyones rights away is now promoting gay rights? That's stretching. He didn't say he supported the rights, just that he was going to take anyone's rights away. That's not supporting. Your second point,  look at what he said in that interview. He was asked whether he supported gay marriage,  he avoided that question and said that he was fine that the Supreme Court made a decision. Not that he supported the decision, only that he was fine with a decision being made. Again,  this is not supporting gay rights, this is just him saying hes not going to challenge he Supreme Court decision. There's other ways of attacking the gay community. 
Personal attacks of that magnitude are against the rules. It doesn't matter if you're right. 
[removed]
You have them in the wrong order mate, copy paste this and add a bracket on the end to make it a hyper link[Here](http://i.imgur.com/VOuAOi5.jpg 
Wut?..
Look I love Joe and the podcast but a podcast with him and Alex Jones isn't going to be the best source of information.
Infowars.com
Alex Jones believes Hillary Clinton is a witch and is responsible for the Dallas shootings.Alex Jones believes Operation Jade Helm, a training exercise, was actually a secret government plot to take over Texas and put [insert group of people here] into FEMA death camps.Alex Jones believes FEMA death camps are a thing.Alex Jones believes that devil-worshipping pedophiles run the New World Order.Alex Jones believes the New World Order is a thing. He also believes they murdered Hunter S. Thompson (who shot himself), Princess Diana, Antonin Scalia, and Prince.Alex Jones believes Obama is *actually* the Devil. As in Barack Hussein Obama is the literal, physical incarnation of the fallen angel Lucifer.Alex Jones believes The Orlando Massacre, Sandy Hook, The Boston Bombings, and San Bernandino Shooting were all false flag attacks, and that none of them happened.These are all things he has said. Sometimes frequently. He doesn't reject any of these points, they are all from his radio show.
[Seriously](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l9RBXlE86Ng)?
I'm sorry, but if you think most of the US businesses sector is ran by ignorant White Catholic males you're mistaken.. You don't acquire and maintain billions of dollars while simultaneously being ignorant, and not nearly as many luck their way into it so we would like to think.     They maybe greedy, but most aren't ignorant. Their greed will overcome any of their ignorant opinions, and for those that don't, they will lose large amounts of business to the other greedy and less holier-than-thou-art billionaires that will jump on the open market of willingly unattended customer.   I didn't vote for her or Trump, but Hillary won the popular vote, so that just goes to show you a majority of the purchasing power of the average customers in the US would actively abstain from supporting a company built on ignorant platforms.              
Choosing not to sell a product to someone =/= yelling bomb in an airport.
There's dumb, and there's dumb.  Trump isn't dumb, he's just dumb.
[removed]
*We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal...*Which is from the declaration of independence, but the sentiment is echoed in the constitution as well. For instance, the 14th Amendment (upon which the Supreme Court's decision re same-sex marriage was based), says this:>[...] No State shall make or enforce any law which shall abridge the privileges or immunities of citizens of the United States; nor shall any State deprive any person of life, liberty, or property, without due process of law; **nor deny to any person within its jurisdiction the equal protection of the laws.**
Nope. If the shit you're doing is objectionably horrible, people are going to tell you so. Want people to stop saying you're horrible? Stop doing horrible things. Pretty crazy, right?
Not good thinking, buy whatever makes you sleep at night.
It worked pretty effectively for the Republicans.
Oh please do keep telling yourself that.
Hahahahahahahaha. Doesn't believe in safe spaces and posts in the Donald. Hahahahahahahaha holy shit mental gymnastics.
Both sides are equally bad BS again? There's a a concrete difference between the outrage at people supporting general incompetence and gross corruption, and the outrage at ethnic groups and minorities through hateful generalizations.One of them has actual justification, the other one is just scapegoating.
What the fuck is this word salad horse shit?
Alright so by some sort of bullshit logic, him not repealing gay rights laws and saying that they are fine is him not supporting it. To me and anyone not gripped with paranoia, it appears that he just doesn't give a shit about this issue.So what has he done to hinder gay rights?
[removed]
[removed]
It's a calmer conversation than you usually see from Alex Jones, and gives you a chance to easily verify some of the claims he makes. It's understandable many see him as crazy, since a lot of his claims sound absurd and he's so high energy. I don't think he's crazy so much as playing a character, though.
I never called them ignorant, I said Catholic. While the entire business sector may be a bit diverse, the top controlling portion is not. http://www2.ucsc.edu/whorulesamerica/power/diversity_among_ceos.htmlEdit: That is the extent of my opinion on the topic. Just wanted to add, I appreciate your viewpoints and taking the time to discuss them in a non-hostile way. 
You can have freedom of expression but   If you are gonna stop someone from buying your product because you don't believe the same thing they do that is taking away from there rights . Once you start a business your beliefs should go out the window because you are selling a product and not your beliefs. It's freedom for all not freedom when you choose it to be. 
I think you missed the point, but I'm going to pretend like the lack of understanding of the argument is due to strong opinions.The point is to demonstrate the reality of practicality of the law over idealism.
So how is the administration stomping on this?
[deleted]
They should keep telling themselves that, it's the only way it will be true.You do nothing positive by telling people to go back to their echo chambers. In fact you do a bunch of negative.Are you so immature that you can only listen to people who have the same opinion as you?What the hell happened to the smart people who actually welcomed a different opinion? This bullshit you're not on my team sports mentality doesn't belong in politics, because we have to work together to move a nation forward. Knock it off.
Ofc I'm gonna post there I post everywhere I can wtf
Yeah, it really isn't just a difference of opinion. One believes demonstrable falsehoods, hates entire groups of people based on nothing but religion, and are too lazy and afraid to do a simple Google search, making them a perfect blunt instrument for corrupt politicians. The other side is still reeling from the fact that enough of these people exist for Trump to have been elected and horror at the utterly stupid and damaging things his administration is doing across the board. Ruining foreign policy, permanently damaging the earth with global warming denial, sowing misinformation and lies about terrorist attacks that didn't happen, ruining infrastructure, utterly destroying public education (that the fools voting for him depend on) and taking away access to healthcare (especially for their own voters). Sorry, but at this point you have to be directly and disgustingly profiting from the destruction of the United States ('elected' republicans) or dirt stupid (their voters) to be a Republican. There's no middle ground anymore. One side sucks, the other has gone completely beyond the pale and become a cartoonish league of super villainy. It would be funny if it wasn't so obvious and sicking to everyone but the fanatics, who now clutch conspiracies and outright lies to their chest along with their Bibles. Aggressively passionate about a repugnant cause, their heads are full of hubris and shallow beliefs that would falter under the weakest firing of a synapse. But they're too afraid of fact-based reality and it's incompatibility with their small illusory worldview to spend 5 minutes caring or learning about whether their own beliefs are true. I guess we just aren't showing enough respect for their side of the 'debate' between facts and falsehoods.
The post you replied to didn't say that both sides were equally bad.They said that the election had brought out bad behaviour on both sides. That's not saying anything about which / both were justified.(TBH, the commenter sounds like the kind of person the left-side should building bridges towards. Best way out is likely to be to find and engage with the rational adults on the other side.)
Most leftists don't support corruption and most rightists aren't racist. It just so happens that one side wins in the end, and it's easy to throw around insults at people who helped make it happen. The right is sick of being called racists, and I'm sure the left is equally sick of being called SJWs and feminazis. The internet kind of makes you forget that you're talking to real people who aren't embodiments of the worst parts of their political beliefs. 
He's mad because people don't wanna be his friend anymore now that they know he's been a secret douche for many years and just finally felt okay expressing it out loud.
> What the fuck is this word salad horse shit?See? You've even lost the ability to respond rationally to a reasonably coherent and eloquent message. Those immature children that the poster was talkng about? You have become one of them.
Wow what an excellent contribution
Yes,  not repealing laws is not supporting someone. Not taking away someone rights is not promoting rights. If you promised to extend someone rights, or did actually push pass legislation that extended rights, then it would be safe to say he promotes gay rights. What has he done? Appointed the most anti-gay cabinet in recent history. He's also promised to support religious freedom laws.
I'm sorry, but continued rulebreaking can only lead to having your posting privileges for this subreddit revoked. 
How is it taking away their rights? Do we have a right to buy whatever we like, even if the other party doesn't want to sell it? 
I like the idea of resisting every move. It's pretty much how the right treated obama.
That's funny as we didn't hear any of this rhetoric when the Republicans were doing it all throughout Obama's 8 years, but when any Democrat (which I am not, btw) does it, you people scream asinine bullshit.What happened to that bullshit that Trump said all throughout his candidacy about how he was fed up with all the snowflake SJW crap and you guys ate it up hook - line - and sinker? Now that the tables have turned, all you guys can do is scream *PERSECUTION!!!*It's fucking pathetic.
If it was bullshit mentality then how did the Republicans manage to take over the government? What happened to the puppet John McCain when he was supposed to have principles?Nah, I think the team mentality is justified when you have a team so blatantly wrong that compromise is just a way to stretch out the problem. A historical example, compromising with Hitler led to him taking over more and more land.I don't see how blaming minorities is correct or how the current administration is in any way NOT corrupt. At this point, they could put a sticker on their forehead saying I'm corrupt and their supporters will defend them tooth and nail, against all logic, reason, or evidence. Example: A lot of Trump's rhetoric was based on Draining the Swamp, then he proceeds to hire corporate heads to be part of his cabinet. What happened to complaints about corporate lobbying?
If you think the Donald isn't censored, I have some snake oil to sell you. One good thing is, you made it absolutely apparent you're either in denial or wildly misinformed. And it's here for the world to see.
Hence why I stopped reading Breitbart, unfollowed Paul Joseph Watson, Tucker Carlson, left r/the_donald, etc. They bring up good, high-energy points, but are terrible at citing their sources or explaining their viewpoints without blaming everything on SJWs or the evil democrats. The comment sections are cesspits of circlejerking that make me utterly disgusted to even be classified in the same category as those nuts who are cut off from the rest of the world. I consider myself somewhat of a libertarian and actually voted for Johnson, but at the end of it all I didn't believe the man would've fought for his party's principals. He was an embarrassment and made me ashamed to have voted third party. Like yourself, I cannot understand the mentality people have that has made them completely side themselves with one side of an establishment that ultimately decides how they can live their lives. But being a centrist is ultimately a waste of publicity, because if people are upset at how a country is ruled for eight years, and centrist isn't going to add much weight to the balance. I strongly supported Trump during the election. And I'm still happy that it wasn't Hillary that won, but I'm not exactly going to keep defending him as I have been doing. Its everyone's responsibility to hold their government at the highest standards, because otherwise we'd be wasting the freedom to do so given to us by the founding fathers. 
At the end of the day, one group is justified and the other is not.Hmm, I remember people calling Trump a homophobe earlier, and people hand waved it as liberal hysteria. OH look at that, he puts Mike electroshock the gay away Pence on his cabinet. Did you ever think people with standards and principles have them for a reason? Rather than scapegoating problems and demonizing immigrants was ever going to *deserve* respect?
If you vote for a political party that actively is looking for ways to strip away civil liberties (Planned Parenthood, Affordable Care Act, gay parental rights, freedom of religion, etc.), then you support racism, homophobia, and bigotry.You can spin it all you want in your head. But actions are what counts.The right have to know that by voting for these people, they support oppressing their own country. You guys need better than a two-party system for sure, but I don't know how any smart, rational and kind person wouldn't lean towards Democrat in this political age.
How do you know I'm a douche? Leave your room, go outside, leave your college campus, and go insult half of the country. I'm not the one posting IF YOU VOTED FOR THIS RACIST DELETE ME RIGHT NOW...Then they get mad when I do delete them. Wow! Its like I don't have to try to be unlikeable. I just have to let everyone know I voted for the second choice. 
That's fine. Except the right didn't distance  themselves from people because they supprted obama. They didn't label anyone that didn't agree with them as , racist, sexist, nazi, homophobes..they respected their fellow Americans even though they may not have respected the president. That's the major difference here.
Your username checks out.
>At this point, they could put a sticker on their forehead saying I'm corrupt and their supporters will defend them tooth and nail, against all logic, reason, or evidence.I follow my team, regardless if they win or loseSo what you are saying is that you don't agree with them acting as if their political party was a sport team and follow blindly regardless of what is happening? Am I getting that right?Also, Godwin's law. You lose.
I lean more to the left, but I empathize with your situation. In my case, it's a bunch of guilty, anxious (mostly white btw) knee jerkers who yearn to be offended, think racism is the driving force behind everything, and simply can't stop being triggered by the existence of prejudice long enough to be reasonable. The exaltation of minorities simply because they are minorities, to the exclusion of critical thought (especially with regard to Islam) is, itself, discriminatory. And it is very disappointing to me. It's such a self-contradictory outlook. It wouldn't be an issue except that they are ignoring real dangers because the other side is so aggressively  hamfisted in their anti-worldview. This is coming from an American who believes in the Freedom of (and from) religion. I want Muslims and Christians and everyone else to be welcome in the US, but we need to stop putting superstitions on even ground with facts. It's impossible, which is why a multicultural country needs to be secular. It becomes dangerous when two groups have contradictory magical beliefs which are completely untethered from reality (common ground). There is no way to resolve such a dispute, which is why the government was set up to ignore religion and govern from common ground we all share.Hopefully, in the future, our political options will be less extreme and allow for properly nuanced discussion about serious issues. Unfortunately that feels a bit optimistic to me.
The day he electrocutes gay people is the day I stop supporting the man, simple enough. If our educational system goes completely down the drain, ill empathize with wanting to impeach him. And regarding immigrants, i would like to word it differently-I don't demonize illegal immigrants. I demonize illegal immigration as a whole. It's not a concept based on racism, despite racist people supporting walls being built for the wrong reasons. I don't think any country deserves to have floods and swarms of people coming in and working jobs for a cheaper pay than a lower class citizen's minimum wage. Capitalism will always favor the more inexpensive tools of a better quality. The problem is that Trump is easy to demonize and make fun of for the reason you stated, he doesn't deserve respect. He hasn't accomplished anything besides riling people up and making the left think we suddenly have more racists than we did before, because of a few bad apples. Sorry if I'm rambling. In high school I always got points taken off my essays for changing the subject. 
Actually, aside from gay parental rights, the decision to disagree with those things has nothing to do with racism, bigotry, or homophobia. Being against planned parenthood is deciding that the entire country shouldn't spend money on abortions because it's cheap enough to begin with if you don't need one every other week. If they government is willing to pay whatever it takes, what stops the price of abortion and birth control from going up? Supply and demandAffordable Health Care, I admit, I support. But being against it doesn't necessarily mean I don't want to pay for someone else's cancer treatments, because they're welfare bums it actually means there are better ways to work on a system that provides everyone free healthcare without artificially raising the prices of everything in the medical industryWhen Islam is statistically more violent than Christianity, it's not being against freedom of religion. Letting in thousands of people while ignoring their authoritarian ideologies is as bad, if not worse, than letting Christians ban what movies we watch, what day of the week alcohol sales are prohibited, or protesting outside of abortion clinics. Being anti immigration isn't racist. This isn't the first nation in the world to not allow refugees, nor is it the First Nation in the world that disapproves of racism. The two are not mutually exclusive. The reason I'm not mentioning terrorism is because apparently Islam has nothing to do with it, so I've heard. After all, we've had Christian school shooters in the past. As to your final question, the reason not everybody leans democrat is because we don't want to end up like Europe. Conversely, the people who lean democrat are good intentioned people who think they don't have a third option and think their votes would be wasted on a third party. 
not sure if implying half the country voted for/supported the orange puppet
[removed]
Just swap racist for nigger lover, sexist for cuck, nazi for communist and homophobe for faggot. You now have the modern republican parties line of insults.
Probably because their voter base mainly consists of all the above. Why would they alienate their voter base? Ffs, looks at the fucking picture in front of you. Trump and his cronies are clamping down on the Gays and you think he's not a homophobe? You think Grab em by the pussy is a champion of women's rights? I don't respect corrupt douchebags who scapegoat problems on minorities or ethnic groups.
> nce themselves from people because they supprted obama. They didn't label anyone that didn't agree with them as ,because the people that didn't agree with them were the opposite of racist, sexist, fascist or homophobic.The labels being doled out are fairly well deserved. The data suggests race had a lot more to do with voting patterns than socioeconomic strata. The ill reputation is mostly deserving, unfortunately.It's quite obvious you're not deserving of it though, and for that I am truly sorry. I supported many of Trump's stances during the campaign, but did not vote for him because of the company he keeps.
... Are you honestly saying that people from the right don't insult people on the left just as much, or more? I can't tell if you're joking or not.
Cooperative mentality isn't inherently bad.There's no incentive for the Republicans to compromise considering they control the almost the entire government.Edit: Alright, Godwin's Law is relevant, but I don't see how it's wise or mature to ignore actual history, because we pretend like it's not relevant with muh godwin as if it implies an actual logical fallacy.
So you wait until a problem happens before solving it? Basically wait until as much damage is done, then act sympathetic to look moderate.That doesn't sound like a very efficient way to govern a nation. It does however sound like an efficient way to gain voters.
ZERO federal government money goes towards abortions... ZERO!!!  Your being against Planned Parenthood is you being against cancer screenings,  std testing,  birth control,  etc.  I would love to type out a big,  long reply as to how wrong your thought process and information is but I'm dizzy from shaking my head.  PLEASE educate yourself,  seriously,  please!  
|Being against planned parenthood is deciding that the entire country shouldn't spend money on abortions because it's cheap enough to begin with if you don't need one every other week. If they government is willing to pay whatever it takes, what stops the price of abortion and birth control from going up? Supply and demandThe cost of procedures and medications has skyrocketed out of control in US, but the real cost, financially and socially, of gutting health services to a large percentage of the population (I think it was around 20%?) will easily exceed any costs of abortions. Aren't PP already state and not federally funded? I'm not clear on what you're saying here. Are you implying that it's not worth it to keep abortion clinics open because some people *might* abuse it and go 'every other week?'Whether or not you morally agree with it, abortions are a critical human right and you and your government should be doing everything to ensure people have access to safe abortions with medical assistance. If you disagree, you are literally sentencing women to death and increasing your country's burden on social assistance. Edit: accidentally hit send. Mobile is annoying.
Affordable Care Act definitely needs to be fixed, but Republicans have been pushing to scrap it with no alternative. I will never, ever understand the ignorance of some Americans who refuse to have their taxes go to Universal Healthcare, yet don't say shit about the military expense or lax corporate taxation. Your new administration is lobbying harder than ever to bring church into the state. When your politicians are getting paid by the church, the government is associated with that religion and all other ones are immediately threatened. I'm not a religious person, but the endgame here is obvious.|As to your final question, the reason not everybody leans democrat is because we don't want to end up like Europe. Care to elaborate?|Conversely, the people who lean democrat are good intentioned people who think they don't have a third option and think their votes would be wasted on a third party.So why don't good-intentioned conservatives who don't identify with the insanity of the GOP do the same thing instead of electing freakshow after freakshow?Democratic party has their faults for sure, but why would you give up your Healthcare, privacy, and civil rights laws for... what the fuck good have the GOP done recently that the Dems haven't done or suggested? 
[removed]
[removed]
Gullible people always forget to consider the cameraman which is why reality TV is such a hit.
Hi gay atheist here that was raised Christian. As a highschool student I used to work the Audio Visual at the local church I attended and it was great! I was in charge of building the power points that would be projected and running them as well as running a camera for sick members who could not attend. I say it waa great because I never had to participate in the prayers, the songs, or anything. I was immune! It was wonderful.When I went off to college never went back.
[FUS RO DAH!](https://youtu.be/8WzibnxWpSs?t=5m22s)
The cameras are probably on tripods so you wouldn't notice even if they did fall.
About a year ago I went to a Derren Brown show (He's a hypnotist/illusionist popular in the UK but also an atheist, one of his main things is that he never claims what he does is magic, just mind tricks.)The second half of the show was dedicated to debunking 'faith healing' and he preformed one of these sermons for the audience, minus the religious slant. And boy howdy, let me tell you that shit was *powerful* even without the religious stuff. I'd compare it to laughing gas but it works instantly.But anyway the whole point was to show that this kind of stuff is just mind fuckery and nothing more.    
As an atheist cameraman for a ton of Christian events, I can tell you that many times the crew is mocking the situation while on camera. 
r/atheistshowerthoughts 
The secret is to hire atheists as camera operators and producers. They are immune to the power of the Holy Spirit.
Reminds me of that old Kung Fu flick where the main characther was pretending ro be a Shaolin Monk. He had the villagers in on it, and would wave his hands and make all types of motions and the villagers would go flying.
I grew up Christian and in a Christian home, my parents are still deep in that world and have been to Baptist churches, Methodist churches and now a Pentecostal Church. Pentecostal churches are a bit out there. Mainly talking in tongues. I've tagged along to their church because I love social gatherings of any kind and have experienced this first hand. So, I've been away from the church for quite some time and I naturally had a lot of questions. It was explained to me that when you're worshipping the lord he will talk through you and talking in tongues is a totally involuntary phenomenon triggered by the holy spirit when overcome in the joy of the lord. OK. I then asked, we've been to so many different churches in the past, where everyone was just as passionate in worshipping the lord as they are here and I've never once seen or heard about an involuntary phenomenon take a hold of anyone. My dad explained that those other churches don't really teach talking in tongues and so wouldn't have experienced it. But I say again. Talking in tongues is an INVOLUNTARY phenomenon that just happens when you're worshipping the lord, surly this would happen to EVERY Christian that was passionately worshipping the lord and not just one sect of believers. He didn't have an answer.  
Build that Holy Force Field! 
God holds them up.
LOL!My man!Never even thought about that myself!HahahahahahahaOK now watch as they begin doing this IMMEDIATELY to try and make it LOOK as if it's all-of-a-sudden...'REAL' now.
Cameras steal souls. Everyone knows that
> Do they have some Holy Force Field to protect them?They only hire Jewish people for camera work 
Duh, they hire atheists and those immune to gods power for those kinds of tasks, everyone knows that.
hehehe camera men are atheist you see? :P so the magic doesn't affect them
Don't be ridiculous...the cameraman is strapped onto a freestanding board and is tied to the camera, so that the camera isn't effected by Lords blessing and connection between the Lord, the pastor, and the audience.... that's the only plausible explanation....or it's all fake...
Several years ago I volunteered as a cameraman for one of these. You show up early and they have a practice service before the first official service where the only people in attendance are the necessary personnel. This is the one you generally participate in. Then the next 2-3 you work as the cameraman.
Dude, pastors are like Medusa. Looking directly at them causes the magic effect. Looking through a mechanical device, like a highly buffed mirror shield or a camera lens provides protection from the esoteric forces. I'm totally not taking a noob like you along on my next D&D campaign. 
That's Jesus filming, baby!
It's kinda like working security at a sport's game. Even though you're a fan, you're working. 
They engage their tractor beam just as the pastor engages his repulsor beam thus creating a net force of zero. 
Oh fuck never thought of it that way. 
Double dipping I see
[Here's an explanation](https://youtu.be/rKBXQOX_P4g)
[Gawd must be protecting them!](https://youtu.be/m-K6XMrLNJM?t=1m39s)
I laughed pretty hard at this. Showed my religious mother, who also laughed pretty hard
Something something have to look at him directly.
Not to give credence to that particular type of scam, but the camera could be on a tripod. 
The first one looks like a highly buffed mirror shield or a camera guy standing on that roof.
They are immune to the power points that would be a lot of questions.
No, there is no Holy Force Field, we're in the 21st century now, silly!.No, the actual reason is much simpler. God's will (or God Swill, as we in the industry refer to it) is projected directly through the eyeballs of the recipient. The cameraman is viewing the scene through his monitor, which effectively  screens out the God Swill.Simpler still:Those big studio cams are self-balancing, I've operated a coupleSimply put, the operator could fall over backwards, and the cam would stay put. For remote cam operators, please refer to my first explanation.
Just a reminder that this should not be seen as, for a lack of a better term, real Christianity. This shouldn't happen in a real sermon.
[If I ever enter a church I'll be like](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bh__g-ZZ6WA)
Why? WHY? does God need my money?
Many years ago, one of my first jobs in the media industry, I was hired as a cable assistant for a production company that was producing a Benny Hinn tour stop in Seattle.  There were a few things I'll never forget about working that night. First, was how many disabled and just really hopeless people were coming to this event to get their miracle. Second, was the quasi-celebrity folks in the front rows (don't remember any of them now).Third was that Benny Hinn's people made sure we shut off all cameras and all production crew were asked to leave the floor when it came time to collect the money in the offering portion of the event.Last was that towards the end of the evening, the cameraman I was spotting cable for, and myself; ended up on stage not ten feet from Benny when he was pulling his healing schtick. It was intense to watch, and felt very much like those coming up to be healed were either in in the show or had so conditioned themselves to believe that they were simply overwhelmed.  At one point near the end, I remember him turning to look at the camera and catching my rather skeptical look. In my head I was just daring him to try and heal me. I really wish he'd tried it, but alas no such luck.Years later one of my friends went to work at Benny's tv studio in Orange County; and he's got loads of strange and hilarious stories.  
Duh, the camera is obviously an omniscient narrator, David Fincher-esque. 
And the poor amputees stare sadly at their stumps....
People are such gullible idiots. 
Camera man is a godless heathen.  Immune to bullshit.
Whenever I'm deciding whether something is staged I think about the camera man. If he's got the perfect angle in some obscure spot then most likely staged.
But did you know that evangelical Christians do the falling even when the cameras aren't on them? I think they do it because they believe it works on everyone else, and they don't want to be seen to miss out on Gods touch. Except everyone is faking to fit in....The same is true of glossolalia (speaking in tongues) I grew up the in the church, my grandfather was a pastor. 
oh man im so hungry out here in the wilderness i wish we had food.     *cameraman eats a  big mac*
In the words of the great Republican presidential candidate Rick the prick Perry, oops:)
Oh, s/he does fall down, they just have the camera working on a robot mount. /s
same here, except I moved to South Florida
I also ran MediaShout and we all had headsets to coordinate cameras / timing and would basically talk the entire service - only once did we have a camera woman who was mad about us talking during the sermon but luckily we had two channels and just switched to the other until it was time to coordinate again
cmon man its even spelled in the video for you
Hahahhahahttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nVG98f8NL5gThe funny part is, it does look like it would be a lot of fun to just fly back and flop around like a fish and let out some steam.  This is probably one of the main reasons people do it -- that and conformity eg. not wanting to be the guy not falling over.
Oh my word that is the most incredible video i have seen since the I'VE GOT A JAR OF DIRT remix
Stop ruining this with your logic! 
He's not talking about the hard cams but the ones with the long cords with the cam in the shoulders
Then who took the picture? Cameras need somebody to push the button, I doubt that they would be able to get the picture at the right frame using a timer.
I love Derren Brown. His shows are a real mindfuck. Even when he reveals how he did it, you're still left feeling that he tricked you still, like his solution was really a lie and there's anther way he did it. I would love to see him perform in person.
The real trick is that secretly it *is* magic, but he's pretending it isn't.
What happens on telex stays on telex
Was it any of these?https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dOOh2J1b3lQ
Hell, I have an answer for that.  In the CoE, (Episcopalian in the USA), it's seen as only in the time of the prophets and not done anymore.  The Catholics hold the view that speaking in tongues is the ability to speak in a foreign language miraculously, and only matters if the people you are speaking to can actually understand what you're saying.  ( which is a view that is supported biblically).  The Mormons have a similar view, but to them speaking in tounges is the ability to speak in a foreign language with minimal training in it.
I equate it more to wrestling.  The audience needs to yell and throw chairs to keep the illusion going.  No one seems to notice the folks dressed in black with headsets that don't bat an eye at illegal moves.
This is how I pass the time watching these shows.  One of my favorite moments was in one of those storm chasing shows.  Someone spotted a tornado, so everyone freaked out and said they had to get to safety *right now*.  The next shot was all the storm chaser cars speeding off.  Did they leave the camera man on the side of the road to die?EDIT: If these shows were real, we'd see more headlines like: American Pickers save camera crew stuck inside barn that hasn't been opened for 30 years
Checked with wife, who grew up in this sort of church. Whenever she didn't fall down, all the other church people started asking her why she was resisting the Holy Spirit, which is of course the sort of thing that puts your immortal soul in danger. The official line is that the lord would not force it on you, but you *are* supposed to just let it happen, which she characterized as kind of rapey, now that I think about it.
Peer pressure is huge with sheep.
SLkjasovbiawleknfasn;vlk ;lasknd;fl,an;sfjw;efkn sjdflkasdflka alsdjflakjboiwnefalksjvlkj lwjoiWJEKL KJLI
I dated a girl about 12 years ago whose stepdad was a preacher at a non-denominational (fairly evangelical) church. Every so often he'd get pretty fired up and start speaking in tongue, but after a few times I realized he was just saying the same shit every time. They also did the whole routine where people would fall and have seizures after he prayed for them and pushed their heads.  I got no problem with church, but I can't take evangelical churches seriously. 
I wish I could be invited to one of these and just stand there unphased :D
I used to rap in tongues. 
I grew up in the church as well, adoptive grandmother and grandfather were pentecostal preachers. I always thought speaking in tongues was bullshit and just plain weird.
The horror film The Last Exorcism has a good example of how these pastors can get people so riled up during a sermon and pretty much say anything and they will blindly listen. The movie is about an evangelical minister who is retiring and has a documentary crew follow him on his last exorcism to show that it's all fake. There's a hilarious scene in the beginning where he is giving a sermon and he shouts the recipe for banana bread just to show the doc crew that when he gets people in the moment he can say any gibberish he wants.
>I moved to South FloridaMy condolences 
North Florida here, not much better
Come to the West coast of Florida! We have a big bridge and sharks! 
Welcome aboard mate. Nice to see one of us
Na, unless they're locked in place, they would slowly droop to the ground.I used to film cable access and school plays, we used to forget to lock things on occasion.
That's what OP is thinking of but most cameras in a TV studio aren't handheld. I'm only kidding, FWIW
What picture?
Video camera, not photography 
Clear-Com for life yo. Ah, who am I kidding. As long as I don't have to wire two different systems together, I don't care what brand we use. 
The first one looks like a deluded old man rightly getting his ass kicked. The second one looks like a bunch of gullible tourists falling for a con but at least one of them had the sense to test it after he got home.The third one is National Geographic testing it, and good for them!The fourth seems to show that fall-to-the-ground-and-twitch guy knows it's a scam. IMHOI'm a bit unclear whether the fifth shows a deluded guy trying to rationalize the evidence that his woo clearly doesn't work or a guy trying to continue the scam, but since he accepted the skeptics' challenge to test it with them, i'm leaning towards true belief.Great stuff agency!  **Whether they believe it or not, i'm all in favour of exposing beliefs that are not true.**
I see, so it's technically seen as a universal language. Like if I'm witnessing to a group of Amazonian tribesmen the lord would shine through me and they'd be able to receive my testimony. Like a universal translator. Interesting. Because how it's done in the church my parents go to is, the preacher or whomever will start praying or speaking getting louder and passionate as they continue, then just start talking in incoherent mumbles and babbles. Like when you're singing the song it's the end of the world as we know it and belt out the first few verses then just go fhfbdjjskskskfbcbdjfb Leonard Bernstein! That's how it sounds to me. I've asked my parents if they knew what they said and they don't know just that the lord knows and that's all that mattered. 
I've never heard of Mormons speaking in tongues, even in the manner you described, and I live in Utah. Is that a common thing or mostly kept to FLDS types?
I love all those Alaska shows where people live out in the bush. But it's just getting out of hand. One the other day, they were in a small airplane and had to land on a partially frozen lake in the middle of nowhere during a blizzard. The pilot just keeps going on about Nobody has ever landed in this type of scenario. I don't know what's gonna happen. This might be the end for us!  God save our souls and so forth. But like.... there was a shot of the plane landing from the ground.
Viva la Bam is another good example. Was supposed to be like jackass and Bams crazy life and there were a lot of instances where it's like, okay why was a camera guy standing on that roof
> ... The next shot was all the storm chaser cars speeding off. While you're probably right that's not always a safe assumption to make if there is cut between the two segments. These sorts of shows spend a bunch of time just filming the vehicles arriving, passing by, or departing in a variety of situations so they can insert segments featuring an external view as and when they need it during editing.
There was a show a while back on Discovery (or something) called Survivorman (or something) and it was just him surviving out in the wilderness. The would have shots of him crossing a river or climbing over a cliff. Every so often they would also show him climbing back over the same cliff again to pick up the camera. Presumably he'd have to climb over the same cliff a third time to continue on his way. 
I actually watched a storm show where they left the camera crew behind. The storm chasers started freaking out because they couldn't get ahold of them and ended up going back for them. IIRC everyone ended up being alright but it was really sketchy for a bit. It's also why I like the original Ghost hunters show. One of the first seasons the sound guy gets straight up attacked and laid out flat. It was pretty freaky.
Is there any current atheist, that once was in a church like that and doesn't remember faking it?Like can it feel so real that you actually think that is really happening to you? 
Haha, that last bit... Your wife is good people. 
It's huge with everyone. The power of group suggestion is a remarkable thing.
Habba beh bigga jubba dubba lomana fubba dubba praise Jebus. 
It's harder than you think for people who were practically formed in that church environment; no exposure means you will be very unlikely to have a strong reaction due to environmental reasons. That is what they sometimes call resisting the spirit. Even though I've been an atheist for a while. Certain songs can still hit me emotionally. But I don't feel the same about spirituality. 
It's easy to rhyme in beat when you're just making shit up.
That was very brave of him to come out like that.
A Floridian once told me that Florida becomes more Southern the farther north you go.
Get outta here, St. Pete, the only reason people go there is they think they're in Tampa 
I get what you're saying, but I feel like someone shooting a nationally syndicated sermon would be more likely to remember to lock the camera in place than someone shooting a school play
I film weddings professionally. Remembering to lock your tripod is not that difficult. 
They usually have one or two handhelds for audience reaction etc
The one the cameraman takes, that is what the post is about.
Not in all situations.
Yep, or if they woke up being able to speak fluent madrin Chinese with not studying it.  That's how both the LDS and the RCC view tounges.  The Pentecostal faith is 100% wrong from a biblical standpoint.  They rely on 1 Cor 14:2, but stop there.  1cor14:3-11 make it clear that if nobody can understand you, then it's pointless and only for themselves.  To be of any use, it must be able to be understood by other men.  And yes, the bible means men, and not women. 3But he that prophesieth speaketh unto men to edification, and exhortation, and comfort. 4He that speaketh in an unknown tongue edifieth himself; but he that prophesieth edifieth the church. 5I would that ye all spake with tongues, but rather that ye prophesied: for greater is he that prophesieth than he that speaketh with tongues, except he interpret, that the church may receive edifying.6Now, brethren, if I come unto you speaking with tongues, what shall I profit you, except I shall speak to you either by revelation, or by knowledge, or by prophesying, or by doctrine? 7And even things without life giving sound, whether pipe or harp, except they give a distinction in the sounds, how shall it be known what is piped or harped? 8For if the trumpet give an uncertain sound, who shall prepare himself to the battle? 9So likewise ye, except ye utter by the tongue words easy to be understood, how shall it be known what is spoken? for ye shall speak into the air. 10There are, it may be, so many kinds of voices in the world, and none of them is without signification. 11Therefore if I know not the meaning of the voice, I shall be unto him that speaketh a barbarian, and he that speaketh shall be a barbarian unto me.
That's what the missionaries told me when they came here and I asked them about it.  LDS.org confirms that it in fact is the belief system of the LDS faith.https://www.lds.org/scriptures/gs/tongues-gift-of
None of those guys actually live in Alaska. A few of the members of Alaska Bush People were actually arrested for PFD fraud for claiming they did.
Was still good
Les Straud is legit. He actually went into survival situations and did everything himself.
That atheist here. It's challenging to explain, but I used to be super active in charismatic ministry. I believed that I spoke in tongues, I believed that laying hands on people worked. I believe that people caught the holy ghost. The issue is the relationship between wanting spirituality and group think. If I want spirituality, then I pursue it through means of finding a place to belong. When your feel certain sensations while in a moment, it is called the presence of God. The closest thing I can think about is the feeling you get when you are into a sports game. You feel invigorated. You feel open and free. You feel as you are part of something greater. You may chant, jump, shout and cheer. It can also be completely outside of normal character, but somehow you felt like that was a good moment. That emotional  charge is thrilling, and people seek it out once they experience it. Now you have built a foundation of belief and attribution to God for those experiences. The human body is a fascinating thing and is easily manipulated by environment. Hell, I can probably break out it tongues right now.
I'll second u/maj3As a 12 year old, I was taken to the Brownsville (FL) revivals. I have fallen down, been slain in the spirit, prayed healing for people, prayed in tounges, the whole thing. I'm 30 now and finally just realized in recent months it's all bullshit. I'm an atheist now. 
Of course that can happen obviously
You head north to get to southern Georgia. I have spent too much time at Fort Benning in Columbus GA and do not recommend it. 
That is correct, I have a feeling it has something to do with Georgia and Alabama. 
Also North Florida here. Yeah. That is incredibly accurate.
I think you're mixing them up with a photographer. 
If a photographer falls over, it makes little difference if they've fallen over or not, since nobody takes a photo if they'll fallen.Obviously we're talking about video recording here, where the fall would be captured.
Well then, very intriguing. Thank you for this. I've looked into talking in tongues from a scientific linguistic stand point and it basically says from studies in it just what is said here. It's usually banality that can't be translated or is subconscious word salad usually taken out of second learned languages. So if you took basic Spanish and started speaking in tongues you'd be sprinkling in some of those basic Spanish words. The whole thing seems like mob mentality to me, where you subconsciously partake in something to seem like you belong. They also practice healing and other gift teachings as well. It's pretty heavy stuff especially if you're a non believer. 
Most unfortunate.
PFD?    That show is a joke. What a bunch of damn silly phonies. My favorite is the one that follows around the Kilchers. I can't see why they wouldn't actually live on that awesome hunk of land they have. Of course there is drama and action invented for the sake of the show, but is there any reason to believe they don't all actually live there?
Yeah it sucked watching that crew kind of burn out and grow up, miss those golden days
Did he drink his pee though
Thank you!
Me too jshtjsjfndhskekrkvudjsjejeBut what you wrote here makes sense. I like the idea of shared emotional experiences making us break social schemas, I've never thought of that as an explanation (I got to witness a tongue-talking, everybody-fall-down-but-me church service in high school when a girl I was dating dragged me to an event without informing me of her level of Jesus (it was high)). Sports are *almost* a cut and paste analogy here. Just like beer and wings instead of wine and wafers.
The closest I've seen is Parrot heads at a Jimmy Buffett concert singing along to One Particular Harbor. They wave their hands back and forth just like holy rollers
Home of the infantry
Oh
That's also known as mass hysteria and glossolalia, and it has been studied.https://www.psychologytoday.com/blog/brain-bootcamp/201009/mass-hysteria-can-strike-anywhere-anytimehttp://www.csicop.org/si/show/mass_delusions_and_hysterias_highlights_from_the_past_millenniumhttps://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Glossolalia
Well Jewel doesn't live there.
Used to be. Now it has undesirables. Like cav scouts.
Conversion therapy for adults is perfectly fine. Adults are entitled do whatever stupid shit they like to themselves. Children are a different story, though.
Right now Mike LGBTQ BBQ Pence is smiling at this.
This might work out. I'll pretend to be homosexual and they'll put me in a room with a naked 20 year old woman to 'convert' me.
Religious freedom is fine, psychological abuse against children is not. 
So the American Psychiatric Association should pass a rule that anyone who does so loses their license.If you are going to deal in quackery you have no business calling yourself a doctor.  [I'm looking at you Dr. Oz]
They can make it legal to practice, but the American Psychological Association will not allow therapists to practice conversion therapy and keep their licenses. Texas politicians can't do shit to the APA!
Whose religious freedom?  The doctor or the patient?  Religious freedom doesn't entitle you to push fake medicine on others.
Why would a gay person continue seeing a therapist that is actively practicing gay conversation on them?
What is Texas good for again? I forget. 
[deleted]
Except it doesn't work and is psychologically damaging.
Its really not ok for adults either.  Certified therapists should have to stay within the realm of science and evidence when helping people.  People are going to therapists in a time of vulnerability and allowing this garbage will get some nutty therapists to cause real harm to their patients.  If you want to go down to your local church to do this its ok but i just think it is immoral to allow someone to call themselves a serious therapist of any kind and practice this shit.  It would be like a doctor handing out snake oil instead of medicine.  Yes some confused patient is allowed to take the snake oil but is it really moral to allow this?  
Sure, it is fine if done in the capacity as a public service provider, *not* if done in the capacity of a therapist. It has no demonstrated efficacy, so it essentially amounts to medical fraud.That's my standpoint on the legalities. For the moral aspects, I think anyone willing to undergo conversion therapy is very likely suffering from indoctrination or some other form of delusions, and taking advantage of such a situation is wrong.
I started thinking the same way, but with that crowd, every win in this area makes their bigotry seem more legally viable (to bigots in other states at least).  Once that's set, it gives them a new (shorter) jumping point to fight for parents to be able to subject their children to similar treatment.  I mean, after all, it'll then be a legitimate treatment for homosexual disorders in adults, why should children not have access to the same level of treatment that adults can have.  
It's not fine for adults either, just because people are adults doesn't mean you have to legalize treating them in ways that can damage them. We don't allow doctors to perform bloodletting and leech therapy on adults either just because they might be convinced that it'll work.
It just looks like that.  Actually he is at his witch doctor having smoke blown up his ass!
Religion *isn't* psychological abuse?
With a good enough incentive the APA will change their mind on 'conversion therapy'. Just like when they were suddenly cool with abu ghraib and gitmo style torture at the request of the George W. Bush administration.
And then it will be done by alternative sources, such as those who got their bible studies degree from a religious colleges.
Because, generally, it's kids being forced to go by their parents.
Adults yes. Minors? Not so much.
Who cares? Adults can do whatever they like.
How are you to tell an adult what to do?
I agree, the problem is allowing therapists to do it. Like random adults can go to fortune-tellers if they want to, but should the police be allowed to do this to catch criminals?
Is it moral to control a person's actions when those actions have no impact on others? We cannot have a situation where the government is the arbiter of what's stupid and what's not, and restricting how people behave based on that.
There are plenty of ways to do it without operating as a medical practitioner. 
The law just needs to be clear on it. Alcohol is legal for adults. Nobody is saying that drinking alcohol is a tremendously positive thing, or that having it legal for adults is a slippery slope towards forcing children to drink.
Yet, adults are perfectly well allowed to perform bloodletting on themselves, or to do it on others, consensually. Doctors are not allowed because of the restrictions of the profession. It has nothing to do with general laws.
Some things just bring a smile to his face.
Don't get me wrong, I hope someday humans live in a post-religious age, but I think people should have the right to follow whatever wacky belief system they want. Most religious people I know are perfectly nice, adjusted individuals. I can't force them to see reason, but I don't think that the majority of them are abusing their kids by telling them that god loves them and they get to see gram-gram again in heaven.
Oh never thought of kids.
Yeah I wasn't thinking. You're right.
Adult can do whatever they like, provided they are well informed and fully understand what they are agreeing to.Conversion therapy isn't only damaging and highly ineffective, you can be coerced or made to beleive it's the best option, when really it isn't being done for your health, just what others think is best for you.
Which is why no one should complain about cults or homeopathic remedies or spirit healing, fraudulent services are fine as long as adults should know better/s
Why let people do stupid things if we can prevent that will a simple no to this kind of law?That's like saying we should let people go to an island where they can live with no laws. They're adults, they can do what they like, but we know how it's going to end and we might as well just not let people be stupid if preventing it is so simple of a thing.
Its called standards of care.  There are regulations in place governing how medical personnel must act and how they are allowed to treat people.  Only treatments with evidence-based research are used.   Certified therapists would fall under this and therefore yes you can govern how they are allowed to treat people, its done all the time.  I never said it should be illegal, it should just never be part licensed therapists plan of treatment. 
>Adult can do whatever they like, provided they are well informed and fully understand what they are agreeing to.Would there be some test to assess a person's knowledge before they perform any action on themselves?
Yes, people should not complain about what other adults do to themselves as long as it doesn't negatively impact others.
This is just one of the many stupid things that people are allowed to do in the name of freedom. Would you just try to prevent them from doing this, or would you target all stupid things?
In this case, no. The human mind is a complex thing and you can't expect a patient to be able to make a completely informed decision regarding their treatment without having just as much training than their therapist.
Selling bullshit as medicine to rubes too stupid to know better does directly negatively impact others.  
I'm not suggesting we target anything. I'm merely suggesting that if something stupid comes along in the Senate, in the States, and we have a big rubber veto stamp then we use it.It takes what, zero effort to just say no. No one should be breaking a sweat over stoping idiots from being idiots.
It depends how it's sold. Being a medical practitioner has some legal restrictions, so they would do best to avoid this category.
That's all well and good if you have people making that decision who are trustworthy and unbiased. Do you think that no harmless, or beneficial activity, which is now widely accepted was ever thought stupid by those in power? I'm not bothered about this particular situation, but by the casual manner in which some would hand over such power to decide what is good or bad for the individual to the government.
If someone is passing a law based off unscientific methods that have been largely disproven as harmful in the past, I would *HOPE* my state legislation, or my congress would veto the bill. Gay conversion therapy doesn't work, it's scientifically proven. That's enough.
>   The bill claims that the Supreme Court is not the final voice on state matters, and points to the Ninth and Tenth Amendments of the US Constitution for support.Yeah, except later amendments supercede the earlier ones, and the 14th amendment -- and the south losing the civil war -- settled this issue.
I hate my states elected officials with a passion. 
> defend natural marriage'natural' - based on what? The Bible? If it's not based on the Bible, then it's nothing more than a serendipitous fabrication being used to feed their small minds and selfish objectives. If it is based on the Bible, they'd have to explain why their definition includes such an arbitrary limitation of 'one-man, one-woman'. King Solomon had a totally different idea, and nobody had a problem with it. Either way, their position is baseless.
Natural: Existing in, or formed by natureA natural marriage is literally a contradiction 
Can we make a bill banning Christian legislators? I feel like if you openly are religious you shouldn't be able to practice law in the same way that if I'm openly an achohol they won't let me be a race car driver.
Why do people always conflate a religious sacrament with a state-sanctioned legal agreement....
I envy the French their Constitution where it states: the French Republic is a secular Republic.
God, Christians are gross.
From the same state that defined gateway sexual activity as students holding hands and teachers discussing non-coital sexual activity such as genital touching as an alternative to sex... and made them misdemeanor offenses.  See also Tennessee's Monkey Bill that gives public school teachers licence to teach alternatives to those mainstream scientific theories often attacked by religious and political conservatives..  Last year the governor vetoed a bill to make the bible the official state book.  Sponsors of that bill have vowed to push through a revised version they think the governor will sign this time.  The attack of the theocrats hasn't just begun, it's been underway for years and will only accelerate now that the right owns a majority of state governments and all three branches of the federal government.
This is rich, seeing as their ilk are also the ones saying of Trump, you lost, get over it.
Wow. They have a lot of nerve quoting MLK'S letter. They want to argue that marriage equality is unjust. For who?! You can't even begin to compare slavery and segregation with the so-called struggle of hetero couples. Totally absurd.
Ignore the Supreme Court? A state, by its own volition, ignoring a directive from the federal judiciary system? Sounds like secession to me. Nearly two years after Obergefell v. Hodges, and this is still a thing? Fuck the GOP, what gives them the right to legislate who I love or what happens in my bedroom?
>The introduction quotes Martin Luther King Jr.s Letter from a Birmingham Jail to inspire resistance to unjust laws and compares Obergefell to the 1857 Dred Scott decision, which held that African Americans, whether slave or free, had no standing to sue in federal court.The fuckers...are they using the issue of civil rights to overturn ~~gay~~ marriage between two loving consenting adults?  WTF..Ya know what.  here's a proposal.  Build the wall around Tennessee, There will be one door,  it only opens out.  If you want to leave the state, we'll welcome you,  if not,  fuck all'ya'll
Christian legislators in Tennessee introduce bill to ~~prevent gay marriage~~ piss away taxpayer dollars on defending a blatantly unconstitutional law.
> compares Obergefell to the 1857 Dred Scott decision, which held that African Americans, whether slave or free, had no standing to sue in federal court.I... but... what!?OK, lemme guess: they claim that Obergefell reduced God fearing Christians to the level of an oppressed minority because it forces these poor people to stand by while others get privileges that should be theirs and theirs alone. I'm being oppressed if I cannot use my religious views to oppress others.
Good luck bible humping hicks
Come on, Tennessee, try and keep up, will you. That horse left the barn two years ago, as you hillbillies would put it.
However, every time I vote there are 20 senior citizens were voting for every person under 40.
Natural Marriage?  It can't be said often enough the Natural Law theory is pseudoscience on the same level as Astrology, Intelligent Design Creationism, or Homeopathy.  It's scary that Supreme Court nominee Gorsuch studied under Natural Law proponent John Finnis.
that bill is full of irony.
I don't get it, these states are so shitty in terms of infrastructure, income, and education, yet their biggest priority is preventing gay marriages? In Oklahoma, 1/3 of school districts can only afford to stay open 4 days a week, yet they're still wasting resources on that Ten Commandments monument even though they know they will get sued again.Priorities man.
The attack of the federal government.
It's not just that a Christian disagrees with non-biblical behavior, it's that they will act in such a way as to legislate against said non-biblical behavior. That's what's gross. 
I really want to know why some religious people have such a hard on for targeting gay marriage. No where in the bible does it say you should try to control other people's actions. They have some misguided desire to be the moral arbiter of everyone. It's really irritating to me. 
What happens when ignorant religious bigots are voted into public office  . . .
They can't. It's illegal to prevent this because it's a federal law. 
They simple fix is to tell the church to get around the mental gymnastics of the civil union argument until I realized it was a weird criterion to base your vote on.
[And The message of this song is still relevant](https://youtu.be/XP4clbHc4Xg)I fucking hate the Christian right in this country. I can't even begin to understand how anyone could actually believe that being told you *can't* treat other Americans as second class citizens, is in any way on the same level of the civil rights movement and Dred Scott. Just what the fuck! These people disgust me. 
Don't pretend that every person in Tennessee thinks like this. Does every person in Texas want to strip women who have had an abortion of their voting rights? The religious nuts are dying out. This will be a vastly different country in just 25 years. If we can get religion out of government, America may actually become civilized.
>requires students to use bathrooms associated with the gender on their birth certificates.I actually agree with this.  Not because I have anything against people who are transgender.  It just makes things simpler.  I don't care what gender or sexual orientation you identify as, if you've got a twig and berries, use the mens.  Otherwise, use the womens.
Separation of church and state is already in the books that Atheist can't hold public office.
Yup. If they pass this, it will get struck down within the week. Great use of taxpayer money
Also, they tried this with blacks 50-60 years ago and were smacked down repeatedly.
As a Canadian looking in, I have to ask: isn't this was the second amendment is for? To fight against the tyranny of an unjust government? Otherwise what the fuck is it for? It certainly is not giving America a lower violent crime rate.
As another Tennessean I agree.
Could be worse. I  live in Oklahoma.
I wish more people voted for officials. Nope everyone wants to vote at the super bowl only.
Especially Blackburn. That bitch need to be out of office. 
I'm a TN dudeist priest and use it to marry my gay friends and the gay friends of friends. This is bad for business. (And by business I mean the business of making people happy )
Then vote for someone else...> There is no one elseThen sign up and run for the position yourself or get outspoken and encourage someone else to.
https://youtu.be/OFkeKKszXTw
Marriage itself isn't natural. It is an institution which has been created and defined by society. 
Were Adam and Eve married?
God created nature and marriage. Check mate.
Exactly.  Marriage is a human construct.  Mating, sex, and pair-bonding are completely natural regardless of the sexual orientation of the species.  [This book covers over 400 species of animal, bird, sealife, and insects](https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/51iQljVcw0L._SX319_BO1,204,203,200_.jpg)   It isn't everyday you see two male cockroaches mutually masturbating. 
Why? So they can just ignore it? Separation of church and state is already in the constitution and nobody enforces it.
I mean it would only be fair, Arkansas still has a law in the books that Atheist can't hold public office. Not that I am a fan of punishing someone based on belief but they seem to be all for it.  
I agree, the fact that these dogmatic theocrats are allowed to have power in government is very wrong.
Seriously. I always thought this could be a simple fix. Everyone gets a civil union signed when they want to get married. That way they have the tax options and legal rights. Then churches or other spiritual institutions can have their own marriage ceremonies. With one completely separate from the other. 
If only the Founding Fathers had thought to put something like that in the United States Constitution:Congress shall pass no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof...Oh, found it.
> The attack of the theocrats hasn't just begun, it's been underway for years and will only accelerate now that the right owns a majority of state governments and all three branches of the federal government.Sad, and so very true. 
It's so sneaky! And the worst part is you can't pull the reverse move on them!Imagine trying to pass equal rights legislation and trying to cite the wisdom of Mein Kampf.
Republicans. This IS their priority. Limiting others freedoms who disagree with you. That's all thy care about. They could lose everything and still would vote republican because they are fucking stupid.
Chirstans are vessles for baby Jesus. They know God is too busy to do the work himself so they do it on his behalf. There is this book you see. It's called the bible that God co wrote with his homeboys long time ago. They know that it's true because it's old and it references some old city's and stuff. Anyway, God really hates gay people. The only marriages mentioned in that book is man/woman or man/many woman. Anyway, Christains didn't get their way with slavery, so they're just going for the low hanging fruit. They are probably super jealous that Muslims get sharia law in other parts of the world. 
Simpler would be If you look like a dude, use the men's room. If you look like a chick, use the women's.
Yup.  They know it won't work.  All they're doing is trying to get re-elected.
I'm so sorry. 
See, I'm a storm chaser. At first after my first plains trip I was like I WANNA LIVE IN THE PLAINS and now I'm like NOPE 
There isn't a single representative from or in Oklahoma I don't hate. They're all fuck ups
I agree. I research candidates and vote in every election. However, every time I vote there are 20 senior citizens voting for every person under 40. They skew conservative. 
What I love doing to the female bible thumpers is quote a lovely passage of their book. Timothy 2:12 I do not permit a woman to teach or to assume authority over a man; she must be quiet. ..... So shut up woman.
Haha....Betty Bowers is one of my favorites. : )
Holy shit that was awesome haha.
Quite true. Add to this that the church didn't even start caring about marriage until about 1300 AD. I guess they figured out that it would be a great way to wield control over a populace.
God created gays 
As far as I know, separation of church and state is *not* in the constitution. The COTUS only says that we aren't to have a state-sponsored religion. There are plenty of Jews and other religious factions in our public offices. There are also many separate religions that all similarly forbid same-sex marriage as sin. 
I used to be in support of the civil union argument until I realized it was just word play. Then I turn it around and say why cant the religitards have holy matrimony and leave marriage to the state. See how dumb that sounds.Religion wants to claim they own everything well fuck them they cant own words.They simple fix is to tell the church to get their nose out of the business of people who are not members of their cult.
Also ...no religious Test shall ever be required as a Qualification to any Office or public Trust under the United States.
let's vote to repeal obamacare for the 174th time!  wait what's that?  we're in power now?  uhh ok no more votes on obamacare then
I read this as the people the senior citizens were voting for were under 40, and thought it was a weird criterion to base your vote on.  Sometimes I'm stupid.
You unsaved trash... Betty Bowers for Secretary of Education!
Psh, no the decided to be that way. God doesn't' have the power to hurt free will he just....umm knows what you're gonna do before you do it. Or something. 
... but... but... all gays are created by child abusers, aren't they??? \s
What?  No, no, they all *chose* to be gay.  Unlike... ah... people who naturally got married?I think I'm going to need a mental gymnastic coach to keep living in the US, because that was terrible.
No that was Satan 
You say that COTUS forbids a state-sponsored religion in one sentence, whereas just before you say that separation of church and state are not a part of COTUS. So which is it? It is necessary to have a separation of church and state to avoid having a state-sponsored religion.False, no bible says anything about same-sex marriage. They forbid the very nature of *being* gay. So, you would be in favor of brutally executing every homosexual, yes?
Sorry, I may have phrased things awkwardly. 
I found someone that was able to get around the [mental gymnastics of the bible](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kxBT2yZuhEw).
God made Satan
All I'm saying is that the COTUS doesn't prohibit religion in politics (it should, imo), only a specific official religion.Separation of church and state and having an official state religion are two separate ideas. There is no one or the other.>no bible says anything about same-sex marriage. They forbid the very nature of being gay.That's semantics in this situation. This wasn't a discussion on the difference between gay marriage and gay existence. >So, you would be in favor of brutally executing every homosexual, yes?Uh, no. I'm extremely pro-equality, and I'm a fan of people doing whatever they want as long as it doesn't hurt anyone else. I don't care what two lovebirds want to do in their own bed. 
Well, then forgive my rant. 
Will you be covering all the borrowed rituals borrowed from previous religions, to make Christianity more palatable for the public?
These are the guys that do the amazing Life of Caesar, Life of Augustus, Life of Alexander, Cam & Ray's Cold War, and Three Illusions podcasts - plus individually add to that the Napoleon podcast and World War II podcasts. A high-quality resume.Anyone on r/atheism who hasn't listened to these is missing out big-time, and this will be amazing. Also hilarious; I look forward to a large number of incoherent, angry emails read out on the show.
Will you interview Israel Finkelstein?  His book has made me think that the name Jesus was given to whoever they thought they were worshiping because it's a variant of Joshua who was the last great Jewish king.  And that makes me think that all of the NT was written after 70 AD.
Hey Cam, the new project was on my list of things to promote ... love Life of Caesar.  I hope lots of money is thrown your way so it can be done right.The folks on /r/atheism are generous and have donated hundreds of thousands of USD dollars or almost as much Euros to various groups in the past, so I hope that they come through for this project as well, though I recommend hitting up /r/exchristian and /r/Christianity and definitely any evangelical subs ... because ... they love themselves some Jesus.  Hmmmm... sweet Jesus.Related;* [***Inventing The Messiah***](http://lifeofcaesar.com/inventing-the-messiah/)
I recommend going through wikipedia articles of early Byzantine emperors as a good start. And also, read up r/badhistory
I'm a bot, *bleep*, *bloop*. Someone has linked to this thread from another place on reddit:- [/r/exchristian] [My friend is making a secular documentary about the historicity of Jesus and early Christianity. (x-post \/r atheism)](https://np.reddit.com/r/exchristian/comments/5tjvfp/my_friend_is_making_a_secular_documentary_about/)[](#footer)*^(If you follow any of the above links, please respect the rules of reddit and don't vote in the other threads.) ^\([Info](/r/TotesMessenger) ^/ ^[Contact](/message/compose?to=/r/TotesMessenger))*[](#bot)
Sounds like a great project. Good luck with this. Will you be talking to any mythicists? Or on the opposite wing, fundamentalists?
great project. will support this. 
It'll depend on what we get out of the scholars we talk to, but I'm mostly interested in telling the story about how Paul, who never even met Jesus, and who disagreed with Peter and James (the main disciples) about the core of the teaching, went off on his own and ended up inventing the idea of a messiah for the Gentiles. And then how mainstream Christianity ended up being *his* version, not the version of Peter and James, the guys who were actually disciples. How did a breakaway Jewish personality cult end up being adopted by Gentiles? 
Life of Caesar was my favorite. Cam will make a great TV host.
Haven't heard of him before, so thank, will check him out. 
Sweet jesus...not the first time I've heard that phrase ;)
Note that they do this;* http://lifeofcaesar.com/'...and they individually did quite a bit more;* http://lifeofcaesar.com/about/
Thanks. Yeah I plan to have Robert M. Price on to give his perspective. I did a podcast with him many years ago, he's a lot of fun. And the believers (and Bart) will have a chance to refute the myth theory. 
> Sweet jesus...not the first time I've heard that phrase ;)As a cabana boy, or as the buff gardener?
Yes.
I would just like to point out the difference between refusing to put a particular slogan on a cake and refusing to provide a cake or service to a particular group when it is available to other groups.  A cake provider does not have to put a slogan like God loves gays on a cake either.
>the Central Florida bakery was targeted by Arizona evangelist Joshua FeuersteinHaha, oh wow. Theists are so sad. Did he just start driving east and hit all the bakeries in search of lawsuit material, only to find that they were all Republican-owned and fully willing to write his homophobic hate speech on the cake? Did he really have to go all the way to Florida to do this little publicity stunt?
I would have no problem making that cake, as long as I could also draw Jesus and God having sex on it too.
You can't compel speech.
its been a nice long time since i saw the name josh feuerstein. its been so nice
That Kevin James look-a-like is still around?Fuck that clown.
And here I thought he'd simply been busy making gay porn with that RedOne camera he had his viewers buy him.
I haven't heard about this guy in a while. I was kinda hoping it would stay that way. Oh well, here's a [thing](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CjuztN2XjMc) for anyone that hasn't seen it yet.
The incredible ignorance and fucktardery required for this to come before an actual judge is mind blowing. This could never ever happen in New Zealand, and I am always happy when Kiwis decide to emigrate to the USA, because it has the effect of slightly raising the average IQ of both countries simultaneously.
I don't think Josh understands, or at least cares to understand, why those two things are different.
This is Josh Feuerstein we're talking about here. Dude went so far as to get himself on TV for bitching about Starbuck's war on Christmas
>Haha, oh wow. Theists are so sad.Is it right to indict theists based on the actions of Josh Feuerstein?
Jesus fucking Christ
Grounded argument right here.
Well ok...*unzips fly*
his songs are the fucking best.
God dammit Josh.
Anti-discrimination laws don't mean that you're allowed to force businesses to act in a discriminatory way. Also, I've been missing Josh. I hope he does more stunts.
With an extendible baton that is. 
Fuck Josh.
What happens to 3/4 of the men who can't get married?Oh yeah, they have no hope of a normal family life and become terrorists.   Good plan.
>And the percentage of male deaths from traffic accidents outnumber female deaths.Yeah, that tends to happen when you don't allow women to drive.
Only religions can rob your mind and logic like this.
She's half right.  Its not The West, but government.  Why should government have anything to do with interpersonal relationships?  If you want to consider yourself married to one person, four people, or a hundred people, it should be no business of the government.  Laws should not cater to the interpersonal relationship patterns of individuals.  If four dumbass chicks want to throw sheets over their heads and marry the same guy, why shouldn't they be allowed to?  What business it it of you, or I, or the government?  In a free society you have the freedom to believe any asinine thing you want.
And Islam robs women of the right to marry 4 men...right?
I have no words.I just...The West robs my rights by not allowing my father or a Muslim male to marry me off too, then, right?
logic and islam cannot mix
Sorry about the crappy quality guys. Islamists around these parts often take shitty videos. 
If one gets a headache, Do they all get a headache?
islam is the religion of peace....if you do exactly what they saymy hope is that western atheists grow some balls and go as hard on them as the have against christianity.  
Lol. They don'tdeserve my snarky comments.  
Surely a secular world would allow polygamy? Not saying that Muslim women in the East aren't taken advantage of, but isn't monogamy something from religious routes anyway? And even if it isn't, why pick an arbitrary limit of two people that can get married?Because most want their own relationship to be monogamous? Well most also want their relationship to be straight but that doesn't mean everyone should be forced to adhere to your preference.Because marriage is for the purpose of procreation and you only need two people for that? Well I'm sure everyone here knows why this argument is shit.Is there a secular reason to prevent polygamy that isn't hypocritical? In the sense that many say well what about all the guys/girls that'd be left without a partner, do we make it illegal for people to be alone? No. So that's a hypocritical reason.
Honestly surprised this wasn't downvoted on atheism
An excellent point. Look at any large city in an islamic country. There are vast numbers of young men milling about in groups. They have no chance of getting married, working a decent job or owning much of anything. Not only are they economically frozen out but their culture freezes them out of normal sexual and social contact with the opposite sex. If I were in that position I'd probably latch on to some kind of radical doctrine just to keep myself sane. 
IIRC The fundamentalist Mormons in Utah who practice polygamy have this problem. The oldest or most devout sons in each family are usually the ones to get married, and the younger ones are pushed out of the family and abandoned. The girls are married off to older men who already have several wives while they're still teenagers. I just don't understand this practice. What's the point of having so many children if you're just going to screw half of them over?
/r/me_irlSource: lonely, playing CS:GO 24/7
I'd say she's a half-idiot, but I'll tone it down to a quarter-idiot.
Wrong-o. The point of an Islamic marriage is to have reckless sex and tons of babies to increase the ummah, so since a guy can't have babies it would be haram. Seems pretty crazy to me, but, who am I to question Islam?
Their periods will sync, so maybe.
but there are so many of them and so few of us..
Because atheists love Islam, amirite?
And with so many sexually frustrated young men around, is it any wonder that women willingly dress modestly and follow the rule about not going anywhere without a male relative?
In Warren Jeffs cult the boys are basically slave labor until they become excess baggage or express doubt.  The only available females that haven't already been married off get younger and younger which is why Jeffs is in prison now.
Maybe because they want to screw them?
Well, I have this note from Allah that says that Muslim men have small equipment, are poor lovers, and are mostly infertile, so it takes 4 men to keep 1 woman satisfied and consistently pregnant.:)
Further proof that Islam is not a religion of peace. Who would want that level of violence in their home...J/k ladies, I love you gals even when the demon visits. 
on here it frequently seems like it.
on here it frequently seems like it.
If you're referring to how many posts are anti-Christian, that is because the vast majority of people posting on this subreddit have to deal with good Christians marginalizing them on a day-to-day basis. If the subreddit had more people who had to deal with Islam on a personal day-to-day basis, you'd see more from them, assuming that is that it didn't endanger their lives.Or maybe you're just assuming that *all* Muslims need to be treated like the absolute scum of the earth at all times, and that anyone who advocates for the death of all of them tends to get downvoted. You'd be right in that case, Atheism doesn't tend to look well upon genocide.
no, I'm referring to how there's a lot of Islam apologism here.
Such as? Examples, please. 
Yup. The phrase you're looking for is viral meme.
Well it causes brain damage.
>debilitates those infected in multiple waysI found that line interesting.  What are some of the ways that I'm currently debilitated?
While I used to agree with posts like this, I think that it devalues the essence of religion.  Yeah, people have a tendency to use it in a shallow way.  You'll get no argument from me on that.  But it does serve a purpose.  For some people, it provides a (relatively) good moral foundation through which they can lead happy, productive lives.  For others, it provides a social group that they can connect through to other like-minded people.I think it's stupid to militantly disregard religion and to consider it purely detrimental.  Do I think we would be better off if everyone found a moral basis in secular, logical values that don't rely on the words of some dead dude who was probably just trying to create a theocratic structure in order to form a more powerful nation-state and crush his neighbors?  Yeah.  It has its flaws.  But it also serves a valuable purpose in society, albeit one I think we need to grow out of.  But don't throw the baby out with the bathwater.
or, for someone who doesn't understand the concept of a meme, a mind virus.
It's gonna be fun when religion finally dies out and the masses realize oh atheists were right all along..It's just so ridiculous.. At this point religion only blinds us and holds us back, think of all the war and shit caused over make believe characters, it's mind boggling. I always like using greek mythology as a basic example to explain religion in an over simplistic way.. Their gods explained different concepts that people couldn't understand at the time.. Hades = death.. Poseidon = the sea and storm etc. The popular religions today are no different.. Well generally speaking, but it's not like you have to come to some genius discovery to understand atheism, for me at least everything clicked when I figured it out.
Depends. If you're a Catholic it's taking 10% of your income every month. It's probably taking an hour of your weekend and possibly more. It may have cost you relationships with friends or family. Hard to know without knowing you. 
There's multiple ways
Well it depends. You could be a carrier, able to spread the disease without personally experiencing any side effects. Other people may be too weak, and likely to commit irrational acts as a result.
If you are a true follower of a religion (I.e. follow its tenets, listen and obey to its leaders, read only stuff written to confirm your beliefs etc) then yes you are debilitated in almost every conceivable way, most notably that you are unable to realize you have been infected with something malicious.If you're just someone who prefers to have faith in some unknown, spiritual entity out of fear of death or some other emotional need, I'd say, nah, not debilitated.
Religion is detrimental. It is, essentially, organized mind control and profit is made on people's mental and emotional health. I think it's worth fighting tooth and nail against this system. Personal faith, however, is a much better future prospect (I mean, the world would be better if everyone had his own personal interpretation of the universe and life, and not working so hard to have others agree).Valuable purpose to society? I guess this is why the most secular countries in the world are the least religiousReligion does not have a moral basis. The basis for the biggest religions are their holy books and they do not provide much in the way of good morals. PEOPLE have a moral basis and on occasions actually good people become religious leaders (not that I am able to come up with examples), but the system itself is pure malice. It serves no real purpose. Not even consolation. Whether you console someone with Jesus awaits you in the beyond or It won't be so bad, it will be a return to before you were born, or Be glad you got to experience life in the first place, there is nothing religion does better even when it comes to its ONLY semi-acceptable excuse for existing, consolation.Many many ideas brought to life by religious leaders based on their personal, misguided interpretations of already useless holy texts have lead to massive amounts of death, suffering, torture, division, racism, ignorance, arrogance, war, disease etc. Because of the SYSTEM - which, among other things, declares certain things 'infallible' - leaders are given an unhealthy amount of respect and power while they in truth have no fucking idea what they are doing. Without this authoritative system (just mentioning one of the bad aspects here), and with people free to think what they want and be who they need to be... But a greater rebellion is needed to achieve this almost inconceivable utopia of a religion-free world. I don't think it is coincidental that one important Christian myth tells you what happens to you if you rebel against religious authority. That being said I agree there's no point in a militant (erm, except writing words on the Internet has NOTHING to do with militancy) argumentation because it won't sway the blindfolded; however this is r/atheism and I feel like people should be allowed to bring some rage against religion to this table.Sorry for the rant this turned into, I realize we agree mostly and this wasn't intended as an attack on your post, rather a follow-up :) Well I guess we disagree on the level of hate religion deserves.As for religion providing social clubs.. so does chess, football, Magic;The Gathering, LAN conventions, concerts. Again, nothing other social events can't do. Based on personal experience (I live close to some Christian sect's lair/meeting house) those who join religious communities lack certain social, emotional and/or intellectual skills and THIS is what religion takes advantage of, the leaders turning their congregation into drones/sheep/pick your preference. I am sure many of these people could have found a similar bonding and spiritual satisfaction if their reason for coming together was a non-religious hobby. It's just that the system had tried to lay claim to this idea as well.In short: Religion had always tried to make itself needed. And, much like the god of the gaps, religion retreats more and more as people find that it does not have any actual intellectual monopoly on anything. This is, in my opinion, evidence enough of just how detrimental religion is.. because it always tries so hard to convince the world of its usefulness, its goodness...While being a wicked system manipulated by corrupt, insane, evil minds.
How having to donate money to charity and spending a little time per week socializing with other people of my religion really is just like having cancer :(((((
>If you are a true follower of a religion (I.e. follow its tenets, listen and obey to its leaders, read only stuff written to confirm your beliefs etc) then yes you are debilitated in almost every conceivable wayWhat if I do the first two but not that third piece? I certainly do not only read stuff that confirms my belief - that's why I'm on /r/atheism!
We are anxiously waiting for midnight in the United States, when celebrations will break out starting on the East Coast and moving west with the time zones.
Fun fact: **Both** of Charles Darwin & Abraham Lincoln were born on February 12, 1809... And 200 years later, the modern-day GOP is still hard at work trying to undo their contributions to society :(
Seriously. I can't imagine how much guts it must have taken to openly go against the Church in that time period. Darwin is amazing.
He was such a brilliant man. His death was a big loss to humanity. 
It's the same day as my birthday!
http://www.jesusisprecious.org/evolution_hoax/charles_darwin.htmIf you are ready for a good laugh check out Jesus Is Precious.Org for the case against this Darwin fellow.Apparently his ideas were given to directly by the devil for the purpose of eliminating humanity.  It's got the Illuminati, Freemasons, Hitler, and communists all working together.Everything that Alex Jones has been educating President Trump with. 
Darwin was originally religious. He lost his religiosity when his wife died from a sickness, and he questioned god after that. In a way, his wife dying was a great thing for the whole world.  
ah, who are we kidding? There's more likely to be riots than celebrations.
happy birthday 
Lmao I find Alex Jones a great entertainer albeit his craziness. He was right about the NSA and a few other things but he is batshit crazy and a lunatic for spreading Darwin having derived Evolution from devils and shit LOL
Lmao I find Alex Jones a great entertainer albeit his craziness. He was right about the NSA and a few other things but he is batshit crazy and a lunatic for spreading Darwin having derived Evolution from devils and shit LOL
>Darwin was originally religious. He lost his religiosity when his wife died from a sickness, and he questioned god after that. In a way, his wife dying was a great thing for the whole world.He died before his wife? 
He lost a daughter, Annie.https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anne_Darwin....
Non-Mobile link: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anne_Darwin***^HelperBot ^v1.1 ^/r/HelperBot_ ^I ^am ^a ^bot. ^Please ^message ^/u/swim1929 ^with ^any ^feedback ^and/or ^hate. ^Counter: ^30420
I am aware of that. The person i'm quoting said once his wife died..
Yes, I know you spotted the mistake. I just provided the information.....
Thanks for sharing. It was interesting to read about this writer. If the Muslim world wants to co-exist with the rest of the civilized world, then they need a renaissance of their own. They need writers like this to challenge the status quo and forge their own progressive identity. 
That's why I have trust issues, people don't trust atheists.
Not really surprising that prejudiced (predominantly religious) people have problems trusting more unprejudiced (atheist) people, who also tend to be more unpredictable to people believing in common illusions (religions). Also trust is basically irrational as is religion. It's like alcoholism, where in a group of drinking people the anti-alcoholic isn't trusted because he never made an idiot out of himself using that stupid drug (consequently the one praised by Christianity).  That sad, stupid, but psycho-logical.
l was once at a company offsite where we did trust falls. and group hugs. 
Obviously becuase y'all are devil worshippers.
You think that's bad? What if you ARE a murdering kid-diddler as well as an atheist? Can't catch a break these days!
I love how you put y'all in the comment, great detail! Great comment!
C'mon, dude needs some love. Plus the perks are nice.
I wish i could take credit but it is somewhat ripped from my favorite Atheist experience call. 
You got downvoted. Didn't people understand the sarcasm?
Nope, people sont understand content/context/singals here, only /s. A failing on their part.
He didn't use the /s safe word. In this day and age, it's hard to distinguish between sarcasm and genuine craziness. 
Well, give them some cred. You can't grammar good.
Too bad. :(
Don't be sad. This is actually really good advice that makes it easier for the atheist to be friends with christians and tolerate them.  And as a bonus, if any of them take this advice,  a friendly, mutually respectful conversation may plant seeds of doubt in the theist. 
>Don't try to debate the specifics of the Bible.HAH! cute.
It makez you sad ?  Why ?  This is opening the way to convert them . 
I think it's really much simpler than the article makes it sound.How to persuade an atheist to become a Christian:1. Provide hard [scientific evidence](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Scientific_evidence) that there is a god.2. Provide hard scientific evidence that the God of Christianity is that god.Done. Simple. Effective.I'll wait.
This offers some good advice, on many levels.It also acknowledges that trying to debate an atheist on science is never going to work since Christians don't have any evidence to back it up. Rather they say that you should appeal to their feelings and your personal connection with Jesus and all that good stuff. Again, that's exactly what I would do if I wanted to convert an atheist.>Show the Christian life as fulfilling, exciting, attractive to othersOkay, sometimes it's just silly.
Reading that is like listening to Trump talk.
I found the article quite decent.  Though, I did lol a bit at > Avoid intelligent atheists. The more intelligent they are, the less likely these methods will work. If they are smart enough, it may even backfire and they may convert you. The best strategy if they seem too intelligent is simply to run away.I do think its opposite is a bit stronger. http://www.wikihow.com/Persuade-a-Christian-to-Become-Atheist
The purpose of this is to further inculcate the person attempting to spread Christianity.  A lot of religions do this just to keep their own members engaged and committed.
From the Tips section at the bottom>Avoid intelligent atheists. The more intelligent they are, the less likely these methods will work. If they are smart enough, it may even backfire and they may convert you. The best strategy if they seem too intelligent is simply to run away....not sure if trolling??
First time I've ever seen a facsimile of Buddy Christ used in an actual Christian publication! Couldn't be happier right now.https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Buddy_Christ
Eh, when I have theological discussions with my athiest friends, it's not in a sappy way (as the linked article shows). It's more over beers or while playing pool
Are you kidding? Look how far they've fallen. They've gone from tourturing and killing athiests, to sharing tips on how to ask us nicely to be Christians. They are fading away before our eyes. If only the other dogmas would follow suit.
Exactly. Any christian willing to follow this how to and actually rationaly discuss religion without getting offended will probably deconvert rather quickly.
I mean it is sad
Non-Mobile link: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Buddy_Christ***^HelperBot ^v1.1 ^/r/HelperBot_ ^I ^am ^a ^bot. ^Please ^message ^/u/swim1929 ^with ^any ^feedback ^and/or ^hate. ^Counter: ^30397
Lol they're oppressed because they cant kill us as much.
Obligatory, fuck religion 
Wow. When I saw Lloydminster on r/atheism for the first time I didn't expect it to be about something like this. That's horrible and I hope the school board gets a lot of criticism for this
In Alberta (like Ontario), Catholic schools are publicly funded.  The fact that students in a publicly funded school system attend Catholic mass is also disgusting.http://oneschoolsystem.org - get the religion out of Canadian public schools.
Holy shit, that's sickening. I went to Catholic school (preschool to 8th grade, but not high school), and it's a super fucked up environment.
That's religion for you. Clearly defined rules for what constitutes acceptable behavior.
Fuck religion.
Catholic schools should have been defunded in Ontario just like they were in Quebec.
That's a god damn new low, Catholic Church. A fucking new low.
I thought that in football you usually just take a knee, not a whole damn leg
Since when does the school board decide what is a crime?  Someone was physically violated and the school board can just say it's just misbehaving?  WTF indeed
The expelled student is the lucky one here.
Religion is evil
There was also a small town near me, Dietrich in Idaho, where a disabled high school student was raped in a football locker room with a hanger and the guy got away with it. This one wasn't Catholic, it was in a tiny town with a huge Mormon presence.I don't know what's up with religious people wanting to rape others in with weird objects.
Catholic behaving in a morally bankrupt fashion which potentially endangers the life of children?Must be a day ending on y. This does not surprise me. What would surprise me is if a Catholic institution somehow did the right thing. 
Welcome to Catholicism
The bible doesn't say anything about raping a boy with the leg of a chair being wrong!
I was trying to think how to get more attention to this utter bullshit  (I'm in lloyd too) and then this popped up. Good job. I'm so disgusted by the school board right now, and the RCMP. 
School division just released a bullshit statement: Statement From The Lloydminster Catholic School Division Regarding Holy Rosary Incident: We are issuing this statement in response to current information being publicly distributed about an isolated incident that occurred at our high school on November 17, 2016. The misbehavior was thoroughly investigated by the school division and the RCMP.  The RCMP investigation has been completed, resulting in no charges. It was determined that it was an isolated incident. The school division investigation resulted in administrative actions appropriate and consistent in cases of student related concerns.   We find it extremely unfortunate that concerns have been voiced in disagreement with the outcomes of both the school division and RCMP investigations.In all student misbehavior investigations, there is a process of confidentiality while openly cooperating with the RCMP. It is our priority to remain focused on keeping the safety and privacy of our students and our school community. In accordance with our policy, procedures and privacy legislation, information concerning such matters is highly personal and we will not make further public comment beyond this statement. Any questions regarding the police investigation can be directed to K Division, Media Relations of the RCMP.
I'm astounded by the complete lack of justice here,  holy shit I hate our justice system sometimes. 
Holy fucking shit I heard there was a hazing incident but I didn't know it was this bad. This is fucked. I live near here.
I'm ashamed to say I went to that school...No charges??? Like what the fuck holy rosary. 
Holy fuck. This made me so goddamn heated. The fact that anyone involved in this isn't wholly livid legitimately makes me want to introduce some of the staff there to a baseball bat. Fortunately for them, the demons that apparently possess us all have granted me a sense of self control and morality that sky-daddy never gave these kids. 
Is that something that happens regularly, being sodomized for being a football player? Or was he sodomized with a chair leg because he skipped mass?
I had a wtf moment when I read the title.
Must have happened on the alberta side
So I saw this thread and thought Oh yes, this story from Idaho...Then I clicked, saw this actually happened in Canada and was like, Oh, this is a *different* story about a student anally raped that faced almost no punishment and was completely swept under the rug.
What the hell is wrong with people.
I bet the football team is good.
Anally raped with the leg of a chair. That's a new one 
They seem to be under Alberta school boards and not Sask. (It's a border town for those who don't know). I'll definitely be writing my MLA on this. Not sure if a CC to Eggen on this is relevant (as while I would love to give good arguments to rid our province of the separate school system, this could have happened in any school). Perhaps Kathleen Ganley, minister of justice? 
Jesus lmao i didnt expect my school to pop up on here. Just gonna throw this in here real quick. All of us grade 10 and above knew it happened. Hell I wouldn't be surprised if everybody knew. But anyways when this first got out last night, I didn't expect it to get put on reddit
What is it with football players sticking things up other kids butts? Players at a school across town got expelled for sticking coat hangers wrapped in plastic wrap up freshmen players butts. 
where's anon when you need them?
Because the best cover ups are headline news sometimes.
This makes it sound like the coach was the rapist, but that's not borne out by the article.
And a double fuck to religion combined with sports. 
with the leg of a chair perhaps? 
Hijacking to point out that the schools laughable statement and the fixed version are posted in the comments below  
I hope that people go to prison for this. 
Coming to an America near you! Source: Betsy DeVos
Not only that, but Catholic schools openly discriminate by religion in hiring and firing.  They like to distract you with the students who can be of any religion, and can (in theory) opt out of religion class.  But the province is subsidizing religious discrimination in hiring and firing.
When I was in school, must have been 5th grade or something, a catholic school went on the same field trip and sat a row behind us in a theater.  These people were horrible, tried picking fights with us, foul mouthed, terrible people.  Of all their curse words they specifically used fa**** a lot.  I thought you couldn't curse in church school but these people were nothing more than well dressed trailer park garbage.
I went to catholic school as well growing up (not catholic), I always knew the environment was fucked up but could never put my finger on why
Not all schools are. Went to Catholic school in PA from k-12. The only super sketchy thing was some lady who came in to tell us we were 14% more likely to die if we ever got an abortion, but our religion teacher loved me and told me not to let anyone change me. Our school was also pretty expensive so it was just like a serious college prep school with a crazy ex-hippie nun on staff.
I also went to Catholic school and didn't even know it. I thought it was a public school until my mother corrected me recently.There was no praying, no specific focus on religion and the Catholic holidays celebrated are national ones. A quarter of my sixth grade (around ten years olds) class got to skip a few hours of class to prepare for first communion but that was it.
And also hammering into young people's brains the poisonous idea that if bad things happen to them then in some backwards-cosmic-consequentialist way it's really *their* fault for not loving god enough or not being sufficiently devout.
I think in this case religion fucked them.
I wish this was the case in Saskatchewan as well
Let's be honest here. A student of high school age getting anally raped by a chair leg is not as low as the systemic molestation and rape of prepubescent children.  Granted,  it's pretty damn low but still,  the catholic church has yet to beat their own high score in the 'How Low Can You Go' game.
- Screamed the stable boy. 
I cant say he is. He won't have to live with the mental trauma the victim will now have to for many years to come.
Pent-up sexual urges from being told by their parents that every sexual thought is evil and should be suppressed. Bound to happen really. 
The particular section forbidding that was removed ca. 1320 AD after it became problematic to have to bail out clergymen every monday.
Gotta get it international!
Someone on Facebook fixed it! http://i.imgur.com/3CSYtJy.jpg
Who cares if it's an isolated incident?     Is they only raped once, so it's ok! really their line of defense, here? 
I don't know about regularly, but [here's](https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2016/dec/20/idaho-football-coat-hanger-rape-teammate-john-rk-howard) a well-known story of a disabled boy being raped with a coat hanger.  The assailant was charged, but shockingly not with sexual assault, which should have been the case.The judge ruled that the crime wasn't for the assailant's sexual satisfaction, and therefore wasn't a sexual crime.  Since rape itself is about control and not gratification, why does sexual gratification even enter consideration???
I don't know about regularly, but something similar happened at our rival school when I was in high school. Instead of a chair leg it was a wooden stick and since it was a public school people were prosecuted, kicked off the team, and fired.Link of old article: [](http://articles.latimes.com/2000/nov/08/local/me-48816) 
Physically yes but it's a Saskatchewan school funded by the province of sk and following sk cerriculum (sp? )
no the school is under sask.
I feel pretty bad for all you kids who now have to deal with this all over again, and more publicly this time. I hope there's no pissed off parents who decide to storm into the school and cause a scene on Monday. Has anything changed since November? I feel like things would have felt kind of tense once everyone knew what happened.
No the football team did the raping,  but the coach knew and made the victim attend practice for 3 hours afterward. He was then rushed to Edmonton (2.5 hours away) for emergency surgery once he went to the local hospital (after practice) . The students responsable for raping the poor young man remained on the football team until AFTER playoffs because the coach is also the principal. 
Triple fuck to those who bring politics and religion into sports 
They won't. The Crown dropped all charges because the school board (LCSD) told the rcmp that it was simply a matter of missbehaviour 
I hope that people get chair-leg raped in prison for this. 
Get all your DeVos jokes out now, while people can still read.
We need to get kids trained to whip out their cell phones covertly and record abusive moments like this so these little bastards can have their day in court without a chair leg to stand on.
That doesn't sound too terrible, then. Interesting thing about the abortion topic: we never had any kind of sex ed or anything, but we were shown a really creepy video of fetuses. Apparently they got the footage by shoving the camera inside pregnant women (the start of the video had a diagram showing this) and little kids' voices doing narration. It would show a fetus that was clearly several months along, and the little kid voice would say this is Stephen and he's 2 weeks old or shit like that. It was absolutely revolting, and when I expressed that opinion, the teacher said well, you have to watch it because you won't be against abortion unless you do! Fucked up.
Oh-hoo! Is funny because they raped boy with chair!
Jesus Christ I hollered! Too soon. 
Yeah between buttfucking kids, spreading AIDS from what can only be described as criminal negligence, the glorification and perpetuation of preventable pain & suffering, and all the cover-ups in between, a single chair rape seems almost blas. 
I'm pretty sure that attitudes like that are how we got Dahmer and Gacy.
WTF man, you can't even describe what happened to him without saying he was raped, how is that not sexual??? Fuck that judge, with the coat hanger in a non-sexual manner.
Well, that's an idiot judge. I don't recall anywhere in the law being mentioned that rape is only for sexual gratification. Jezz, it was obviously not for medical reasons, either. I agree with you, it is stupid.
link missing
It's stupid. Come on, kids have to say NO to this type of practice. Fuck football team, if it beans getting raped like that.
Worst of both worlds. Prairies are classy af
Ahh. I didn't know Sask had Catholic boards. Or is it private? Either way, hideous. 
Save some of that fuck for those who bring sports into politics.
So how many fucks does the principal/also head coach of the football team get? I've lost count 
Don't the police know better than that? 
That shitty, but if they've exhausted he criminal avenue, they can at least try a civil suit. Gets the names recorded.
Bubba doesn't even need the chair leg to inflict the same effect. fuck these fuckers.
I mean the defendant would have a chair leg to sit on if he just flipped the chair over
Yeah the lady encouraged us to go watch a video of an abortion online (since the school wouldnt let her show it) and told the girls to keep their legs together. That's about all we had in the way of sex ed.
nope its public funding
Infinite amount, those fuckers (especially the head coach) bring religion into practice every day (speaking from experience).
Not in smalltown middle of nowhere northern prairie, canada
Or... Take count of Monte Cristo style revenge with the table leg in question as a weapon of choice
[fuck the mutherfucker, fuck the mutherfucker...](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fHRDfut2Vx0)
Jesus! 
Actually, this might be the best thing to do with those buggering priests, since the church just transfers them to places where they can get away with it more easily.
I'm not even sure if Jesus would approve.
Not in the Blue areas, if you are hyper religouis it is looked on as a bit strange. In deep red states, yes, you can become an outcast.
This is from a question I answered about coming out as an atheist a few months ago - I'm from North Carolina, in a rural part of the state :When you live in the South, you don't get asked *if* you go to church, you get asked *which* church you go to.  It's so 'normal' for everyone to be religious that most can't comprehend that some people aren't.Admitting to not going to church is like admitting you like to drown kittens, and admitting to not believing in *GAWD* means you *must* worship the devil, are always planning something evil, a threat and danger to everyone else- especially children, and are not to be trusted under any circumstance.It can cost you friends and family, make getting or keeping a job difficult to say the least, and if you want to remodel your house, put a pool in your yard, open a business (especially if you want to serve beer, wine or alcohol) or anything that requires permission or permits from a city council or zoning-board, then not being a member of a church makes things 100 times more difficult.Most small towns are run by religious board members and these church people look out for their own and shun anyone that's not a member of their church - even being religious, but not the 'right' religion (usually Southern Baptist) is bad enough, but not being religious at all puts you on the same level as a murderer or child molester.And no, I'm not exaggerating.  It's not that bad in larger cities, especially where there's a university, but most of the South is small rural towns where the prevalent attitude is You'd better be like the rest of us, or you can just *git out*!  You'd think that family and friends wouldn't be like that to someone they've known their whole life, but sometimes they can be the worst - cutting you off, kicking you out, disowning you, even making sure everyone else knows what a '*heathen*' you are, so you can receive the appropriate 'cold shoulder' from everyone.  I wish it weren't like this, but it is for so many of us in the South.  
I say yes...I'm not comfortable announcing my atheism to everyone I meet...unlike so many Christians I encounter routinely. There is no equality if you don't accept JC as your personal savior. 
Not American, but the way I see it is that there are oppressive situations, and there's long term oppression. I've been oppressed for being gay, though I would no longer call myself oppressed, even when encountering hostility. I have been in oppressive situations with regards to my irreligiosity, but not long term oppressed. Oppression is a strong word, though, and we also need a way to describe lesser forms of discrimination, which I will refer to simply as marginalization for the purpose of this comment.I would argue that there is a lot of marginalization against atheists and a lot of isolated oppressive situations. A few atheists are also being oppressed long term, for example in the troubled teen industry.
I live in the Bible Belt and in a city. I do not feel threatened, but I do feel that if I were to be openly atheist I would be treated differently.  Probably more along the lines of people feeling sorry for me, trying to convert me, trying to convince me of God's miracles and other BS. Mainly I feel like I'm different and can't speak up when the conversation turns to how God spared people from the tornado or the Grand Canyon is proof god exists or God got a coworker through a surgery. Or even that the number 666 should not be uttered, even if it's the total on an accounting spreadsheet. 
More than any other group, legally speaking.
Not where I live, Chicago, I never encounter any issues with people at my job, or among friends, or people I meet as a general rule.  However this is America, which is geographically and culturally diverse so your mileage in this regard will *widely* vary.
No. The oppressed are those people who's behavior is in conflict with religious dogma -this is so regardless of their religion. For example, many gay people are Christian and yet their sexual behavior is being oppressed by their own religion. Many women are being oppressed by their own religion. They're not being oppressed because they are non-believers.
I would say so I came out as an atheist 2 years ago and people still don't believe that atheism is a thing they think it doing it for attention. Because yeah I want to go to the bottomless pit that will fill up somehow for attention 
I was informally blacklisted in northern MN from getting a job because I was that kid who corrupted their children.Blue state red state hardly matters because in blue states you will find bigoted communities and in Red states you will find cities that provide safe haven.
Thank you. There was about three times as much content in your comment as was in the original article.
Very informative answer, thank you! As I mentioned, the article is for a mostly British audience and most are really pretty clueless here. I wonder if you'd mind me quoting you on some of this? I haven't promoted the article yet so I'd love to include some of it.
And any elected office in the southern states.
I got you, I was using as a general guide. As a former northeasterner, the Catholics and Jews, immigrants from China, Korea, India, Eastern Europe, which makeup the general population, were lax as heck. The overly religouis people were weird, or old ladies which we kind of nodded to because no one wants to hurt nana's feelings.
Thanks for your comment. I'll accept that the article is pretty general. The article is for a British audience so it is just an overview. People generally know little here about the plight of atheists in the US. 
Sure, no problem - just shoot me a link to the article when finished, I'd love to read it.  I know people that don't have to deal with extreme religiosity think people like us are over-exaggerating whiny little snowflakes, and when you live in places like the southern US, it's not really seen as extreme religiosity, because it's the norm to most people around here.In my town alone, it's 7 square miles, about 13,000 people (including 3 smaller towns just outside of the city limits) and there are over 80 churches inside the city limits, about 150 if you count the outlying areas. Almost all are Southern Baptist - Only 1 Catholic church (for about 60 catholics) only 1 Synagogue (less that 30 jews) and no such thing as a Mosque (I've only ever seen 3 women wearing a hijab around here) -And even though almost everyone is Southern Baptist, hardly any of them can get along with anyone else from a different southern baptist church - it's worse than sports fans rooting for their home-team, which is weirdly their second most favorite thing to.  3rd would be NASCAR racing fans.  4th would be hunters that rarely hunt, but love to show off their camouflaged pickup trucks and shoot their guns for no other reason to see whose is the loudest.  You're screwed if you want to sleep in on Saturday mornings around here, because at 6:55 A.M. it starts to sound like the American Revolution  [ I hope that's not still a sore spot for y'all. . . just kidding :) ]  - As soon as the sun rises - it literally sounds like a thousand cannons going off all over the place.Most all of the churches around here aren't really for worshiping god, they act like it and put on a good show - but they are really for the members to look like they're good, upstanding members of the community - when in reality they're just gossip exchanging stations - fashion shows - car shows - showing off who has the most jewelry, who can wear the most perfume or cologne, and who can get out of the parking lot the fastest so they can get home and watch football.  Half of the members are on drugs or dealing drugs - drunk as a skunk and beating their wives on Saturday night, good little angels on Sunday morning, and racist, sexist , homophobic Trump supporters the rest of the time . . . even at work.  Most of those churches are really just good old boys clubs (A.K.A. Klan meetings without the robes and hoods)It's all a ridiculous show they put on to pretend to be the morally superior majority, all while they're screaming about how oppressed and persecuted they are. 
Indeed, another good example, though political oppression might need its own category.
And the comment resonated with me because I'm from North Carolina too and there's a personal hostility toward secular people that doesn't get play in too general an overview.
It's very interesting how all the good christian folks around here who were calling Obama a Ni**er, monkey, secret moose-lamb, Kenyan, married-to-a-tranny-homo-fag for the past 9 years - are now saying things like Trump is our president now whether you like it or not, so you should show the proper respect that you'd show any president or Gawd chose Trump to make america great (the 50's) again!. (these are the same christians that during the nominations were praying for Cruz and saying that Trump was literally the devil)I know it's meme-cliche, but I honestly feel like I'm taking [crazy pills.](http://i.imgur.com/6r8ss.gif) Being in rural North Carolina, I should have known better but I made the choice, not to be gay, but to come out as gay years ago (right before Bushy Jr. started his re-election, gay marriage as a wedge issue campaign), and I stupidly had a It'll get better feeling about it at the time (boy was I wrong) - but I have never had a doubt that where I live, I should NEVER come out as atheist.  I've only had to deal with the occasional FAG! screamed at me, scratched into my car, and spray painted on the side of my house after coming out as gay - but I would literally fear for my life (WAY much more than I already do) if I ever told anyone around here I didn't believe there was a god.
[removed]
Oh, I forgot - another example of typical North Carolina Christian Privilege I saw just last night was the Valvoline Oil change place sign that said Bring in your church bulletin - get $10 off. . . really? First time I'd noticed that one here - but the local Burger King has had a 10% off if you bring in your church bulletin on Sundays policy for over 15 years.  
QuickMeme has been banned from all of reddit by the admins for [scams to drive traffic to their site](http://redd.it/1gvnk4). Please use alternate meme and image macro sites.*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/atheism) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Unhinged is a nice way of putting it.
Are there any hinged theology professors? 
Ok, let's start with him as a slave.  Let's see for how long he continues to think it's a good thing.
His wife is one lucky lady. What is wrong with people? How can anyone not only support the idea of slavery and rape, but stand up in front of people and give a talk on how great they are? I just don't get it. Which I guess makes sense, logic has no place in a guy like this thoughts. 
This guy is nuts.  Like if you argue for something crazy, a slightly less crazy demand will sound sane.  Is that what he's up to?> Brown told me his marriage was akin to slavery because his wife held rights over him. The fact that both of these arrangements **can be terminated and are consensual** seemed lost on the aloof academic.Assuming he's the higher earning spouse, he still has to pay if he gets a divorce though, right?  How do you terminate alimony?
Oh so this is Trump's second pick for Superior Court Judge right?
Strange how no one is bothering to specify which religion he uses to justify such thoughts. There is support for both slavery and the rape of slaves in Islamic theology, which is what he uses to justify his positions.Media coverage seems odd. This seems like a pretty explosive story, but the only sites covering it are fringe sites like Jihadwatch, etc. I wonder why that is?
I don't think there is an end to how shitty religion can be.Bannon pushes religion as a good way to temper capitalism. Like it used to be in the olden days. You know, when people lived a nightmarish slog for every day and died young. They regarded life as a dress rehearsal for the afterlife. This way they could be cruel to people and cleanse them for eternity.How fucked up is that?
Has anybody fact checked this? This sounds so crazy that it sounds like fake news. 
Thanks to slaves we can have cheap clothes, expensive trainers and cool gadgets. So yes, it is a good thing.
He's just following the teachings of the Bible. According to the Bible human sacrifice, genocide and filicide are all good things.
> Brown described slavery in the Muslim World as kinder and gentler.He should look into how servants who aren't slaves as currently treated in the Middle East.
[Hmmm...](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9J6dP09jZhQ)
>I just don't get it. The brain doesn't literally see reality as it is, see the science on reasoning:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PYmi0DLzBdQ
That's theology for you - mental gymanstics up the ass - I'm surpised it's still taught in schools!
>How do you terminate alimony?Prenuptial agreement?
Some right wind media outlets have begun picking up on it as a way to out the libtard academics... but so far, no mainstream news outlet has picked it up. Sometimes it takes a while for an incident like this to get traction.
It is starting to appear in right wing news sources (as a way to smack libtard academia), but no major *credible* news source has picked up on it yet.  
Hello r/all, Welcome to r/atheism!Please read our [Commandments](http://www.reddit.com/r/atheism/wiki/guidelines) and [FAQ](http://www.reddit.com/r/atheism/wiki/FAQ) before commenting. If you follow the rules and act civilly we can avoid a lot of bans. While everyone is welcome here, this sub is intended for atheists to discuss things of interest to us. This means that a wide variety of subjects are on-topic here. This is not a sub about just atheism.Remember: The mods do not choose which posts get voted up the frontpage. They remove the posts that violate the [Commandments](/r/atheism/w/guidelines); they don't police quality.*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/atheism) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Please, someone explain this to me:  how can a physician, trained in medical science, be against Planned Parenthood, against the ACA, believe that tobacco is not a drug, oppose gun control, be in favor of job discrimination based on sexual orientation, be against same-sex marriage, against environmental regulations, and against funding public radio?
As long as I can discriminate against them for having a religion
Why is anything on the grounds of religion being enforced within a major government? Discrimination aside, this just objectively doesn't make any fucking sense.
Everyday I am continually shocked by  how far people will go to keep them from living in harmony with others. I just don't understand when we are campaigning against other peoples' happiness 
Would this law allow people to not hire Christians because they are Christian?
One disaster after another with this farce of a presidency. Is there one, just one, person in his entire cabinet who is not a lunatic, unqualified or evil? 
When one is accustomed to privilege, equality seems like oppression.
Trump's whole cabinet is an absolute disaster, Jesus Christ. If there is a god, you could fucking help us right about now, damn.
I'm late to this conversation, but legally shouldn't God have to appear in court? Otherwise it's just hearsay. 
People need to stop reading old middle eastern religious texts. They're incompatible with modern society.
But Guys, he held a flag upside-down so its all good
My wife recently came out as transgender and shit like this terrifies me. I was in a traditional  straight marriage for 7 years and now I'm in a lesbian one. I've always been part of the LGBT community (I'm a b) but now my whole perspective has changed and I really am scared for what this means for us and our daughter. 
I believe that Christian literalists are intellectually deficient. Does the first amendment defense act allow me to discriminate against them too?
Continued DUMBING of America 
America land of the greed home of the afraid
BUT BUT BUT GOD EMPORER says he thinks the gays are alright and there was that pic of a gay guy wearing a MAGA hat! Fake news!! /s, obviously. 
This will probably get buried but his seat in the house of representatives is now up for reelection in just a few months if you happen to live in GAs 6th district or are interested at all you can check out r/politicalrevolutionga
In Michigan you can be refused medical treatment for being gay, technically at least. I know a pediatrician refused to treat a little girl who's parents were lesbians. Plus Price is a surgeon, most surgeons tend to be conservative. 
Your heterosexual beliefs fly in the face of the tenants of the Flying Spaghetti Monster. You are fired!
His district, the 6th Congressional District is looking to replace his vacancy.  Please help us put someone pro-gay rights into his old seat and stop the conservative agenda.
These old shitstain backwater GOP slumlords need to stop getting in the way of civil fucking rights. I'm sorry. I grew up Baptist is not an excuse for acting cruel to strangers who live different lives than you.
https://www.congress.gov/bill/114th-congress/house-bill/2802>Prohibits the federal government from taking discriminatory action against a person on the basis that such person believes or acts in accordance with a religious belief or moral conviction that: (1) marriage is or should be recognized as the union of one man and one woman, or (2) sexual relations are properly reserved to such a marriage.So ... no more sodomy and premarital sex... We're all ... *NOT* fucked.. and that's most def. a problem. :/
Money and Religion. What a destructive combination. 
this makes no sense to me. if they followed the tenets of their religion they would be the most loving and accepting people the world has ever seen. I'm not even angry anymore, I'm just sad.
Interestingly in the internal email to HHS employees notifying that he had been sworn in he didn't mention the president once. Not the office of the president, not by name. 
Is there anyone that has been appointed to Trump's Cabinet that doesn't terrify us by being in Trump's cabinet?
No worries.  We just need to try harder to get pics of him with D in his mouth. Hell back off then. 
I love when people tell me muslims wanna bring shirea law to us. I look at them and say do you want god in the laws. Half the time they say yes and I say well brining religions into politics is basically that. You condemning people for believe something else. Can't stand anyone who uses god as a fact during an argument.
Finally seems like one of Trump's cabinet members will have something in common with the countries included in the travel ban.
He sounds like an amazing choice for the role! I can't wait to see the equality maintained! /s
How much more shitty can it get
[removed]
Huh, turns out prancing around on stage with a upside-down rainbow flag doesn't mean you support gay rights.
I live in Price's district. I have never, not even once, voted for the man. I would vote for a drunken insurance salesman over him. I probably HAVE done so. And now, I am wondering how many so-called Democrats in the Senate crossed the line to vote for this scumbag reprobate.
Is there ANYBODY in his cabinet that isn't batshit insane!? 
This administration is an nightmare for atheists. Wake me up when it's over.
Time for LGBT people to declare their own religion.
WHAT A POS!
libertarians must love this guy.
You can have that revolution anytime now, guys. 
I am Jack's complete disappointment in America
[deleted]
How is this prick not in prison for insider trading? ?
Living outside of the US I sometimes forget people like this still exist. The fact that they actually have power over the lives of others is terrifying. 
Theocracy for the USA! 
But everyone over at T_D kept publishing that picture of Trump holding a rainbow flag????Are you honestly saying that all of their SCREECHING wasn't accurate?
This seems appropriate...[Judy Collins] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8L6KGuTr9TI)The [Streisand Version] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ODqj9Mq39FM)
He must be Muslim. 
How do you know someone is LGBT if you don't discern them from others? You know, discriminate people from each other.
Does this  or does this not stop  idiots  like  Kim Davis? 
[Word cloud out of all the comments.](http://i.imgur.com/3NTcWSA.png)I hope you like it
crap, was hoping that because of the whole fallout of his ill planned immigration ban, he would think gee maybe we should sit on this one:. but guess more and more signs point to it being a real thing.  Thankfully since the courts shot trump down one time maybe they can quckly do the same thing. Honestly though if he even attempts to pull something like that off i think it should be grounds for impeachment.  If the courts recently not once, but twice will have to block an order. It really should be clear signs the President is not fit to be president.  RAWR!
I love when functional literates try to make laws, opening themselves to be sued or their laws turned against them.  Imagine you can legally deny service to a theist. 
Well, my religion states I should egg the houses of other believers. I fully expect Tom Price to support my religious beliefs and protect me from prosecution here.
Read co-sponsor and conspirator.  No difference really. 
I'm so surprised.
Wow, what a fucking surprise.Rabble.  Rabble.  I'm sorry ... I think I'm all raged out for the week.
See this is actually something scary unlike Pence being VP.
Well that's cool. My religion actually condones hitting a member of any other faith in the face.
So he's a Republican? Oppose the actually terrible ones, at least then you might have a chance.
Glad his health priorities are in order..........
Soon coming to headlines near you.  Religious hospitals turning away patients on religious grounds, people dying because of it, and that being legal.  
I coulda sworn i saw this link say Clinton a few hours ago. Now it's trump
I honestly think Trump is just pulling a Kansas City shuffle.
I'm no lawyer but wouldn't the right to peaceable assembly be better grounds for legalizing discrimination? 
I mean, the source article is from a shit news site.
Imagine you can be stupid enough to believe in a Republican state but it's not.
Good job, Americans who didn't vote. This one is on you.
Guys come on. Read the text of the FADA. It's not legalize discrimination against LGBT on the grounds of religionWhat it does is prevent the FEDERAL goverment from altering your tax numbers in any way, and prevents them from revoking any federally issued licenses or certifications AS A PUNISHMENT for discrimination on the basis of religion.All the act does is limit what kinds of punishment the government can use. You could still for instance be incarcerated or fined.
I'll never understand why Christians care so much about who other people have sex with.
relevant: https://www.youtube.com/shared?ci=oy44I2A2u_I
They need real medicine doctors to take care of their problems other than the broken bone.
[removed]
Hey America, your country is quickly becoming the laughing stock of the world. It is setting the standard for national humiliation. Taking entertainment to a new level. The USA Whitehouse Reality Show. Including lying freaks and lying, angry white men. Every refresh of the international news sites brings forth another hilarious escapade of the people trying to run your country tripping over themselves trying to find a light switch. 'Never mind we will do it in the dark. Thats ok, I'm used to that wispers...' And they do. Hilarious stuff. The briefing that could only last 23 min before 'TWEET TWEET' Angry Father must protect/promote daughter Or Insulting National leaders by wanting to hold hands for waaaay too long and then giving him the condescending hand pat had me rolling on the floor. Like The Japanese Prime Minister's eyes after his hand was finally released from the slimy paws of the Grouper. Rolling in the aisles when he played the 'Nod, smile and pretend you are listening gag' But he was speaking in Japanese. Hahahahaha.What about the Health guy who wants to dismantle......health and the Education Donate ( I believe 'Donate' will be a new title like Dame or Your Benevolencey) thats wants to disband the Federal Education department. Enough, enough my sides hurt.  So funny, I need more popcorn and beer, heck I might have to buy shares if this keeps going.
Hey look another gift from the DNC and DCCC
Dishonesty is one hell of a drug.
>Price is an ex member of the Association of American Physicians and Surgeons, a politically conservative non-profit association founded in 1943 to fight socialized medicine and to fight the government takeover of medicine.[6][7]Seems self explanatory.Money.
He's an orthopedist.  I don't even consider them doctors; they don't manage any health conditions other than broken bones.  They're literally carpenters or technicians for humans.  They don't prescribe any medicines other than pain medications and barely understand what high blood pressure means.  They need real medicine doctors to take care of their patients in the hospital, to listen to hearts and lungs, prescribe medicines, interpret lab values, and deal with all of their problems other than the broken bone.  This sounds like a joke but it's not.This is a classic example of how incredibly ignorant and stupid orthopedic surgeons are: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3rTsvb2ef5k (asystole means you have no heart beat)Source: I'm a real doctor.
Have you not also heard of 'Dr.' Ben Carson? Edit: relax people... Yes, I know he's a good brain Dr.  In all other aspects he's a complete idiot! Trying to emphasize that the title of 'Dr.' does not denote genius in all things.  
Donald Trump is President. Betsy Devos was confirmed. Nothing surprises me anymore. 
It is very hard to make a man understand something when his paycheck depends on him not understanding it.
The corporations have taken over.
Because the first is icky and the other two cost money. 
It's craziness. Trump is a butthole.
Why should being a physician have any influence over your opinion on gun control?
Cognitive Dissonance :/TBH,I often worry about what happens if this passes and I get injured. I mean would hospital staff really just let me die because they, Disagree wtih my life style I mean.. I know the answer is yes there are some who would... but it's daunting and hard to process.
Well, when you sit on your brain your entire life...
Well, I have a response for your comment 3--MONEY. Tobacco is actually GOOD for you! *Cashes 100,000 dollar check from tobacco company.* 
I am neighbors to 30 yr olds that abuse and mistreat their kids. They are both trust fund kids in school to be in the medical field, and I have no money for daily life never mind school. They smoke, have insulted me for being trans, trash the entire area (which used to be a beautiful riverside property,) and probably don't even know about public radio because the kardashians are more important. It is propaganda. Meanwhile I'm making my own soap, lotions, growing my own herbs and veggies, making my own compost into viable soil, but the best job I can get is fucking mcdonalds. Money is more of a problem than anyone wants to admit. 
When he was being sworn in as a Doctor he got the Hippocratic and Hypocritic oaths mixed up.
Money and delusions. 
. . . because gawd
In all seriousness:Religion and money.
Is he an actual doctor?at this point, I would assume that Trump would put up some snake oil salesmen who wants to do away with the FDA and bring back uranium water.
$$$
That's how you get a seat at the table. 
I agree with you on everything you just said except for gun control.
when you believe in angels and demons, anything is possible
Contarary to popular belief not all doctors are able to put two and two together. 
Religion is one hell of a drug. People worry more about what their church thinks about them; than anything else. 
Money and greed.
Southern Republicans kowtowing to their fanatical base
Intelligence and ignorance are not mutually exclusive. Often times, moderately intelligent people are often the best at constructing elaborate logical workarounds for their cognitive dissonance. 
A combination of football playing in college and rich family.  Make trained professionals that can't basically find their asses with two hands. And from prestigious colleges.
Money.  
There's a wee chance he's an idiot.
Money and corruption.
He doesn't believe any of that stuff, but there is a lot of money in saying he does and he is not ethical enough to care about other people. 
Money and connections 
I don't really doctors to be part of the science community. So I can understand how he'd be so dense in the face of researched evidence.
Religion covers many of those.  Gun prohibition legislation is badly crafted, and the NPR bit is a wildcard
I don't care for the word gun control I think it gives to many negative connotations to the pro-gun rural communities. Gun regulation sounds better, gun control just feeds their right-wing talking point fears that someone wants to cease and control all their guns.
Conservative Evangelical Christian. When you subsist on a steady diet of illogical batshit crazy beliefs devoid of any rational thoughts, you can blithely blindly manifest any rationalization to further an agenda.
Religion. It turns the smartest of people into witless fools.
That's easy for PP, gun control, ACA and the environmental regulations.  I can't see the others.
Dollars, that's how.
Because Jesus
2 words: our lord and savior Jesus Christ
What's wrong with being against gun control?
Fuck ACA! 
> be against Planned Parenthood, against the ACA, believe that tobacco is not a drugIn order: maybe on moral grounds for some of their actions, against how it is implemented maybe, and... I am stumped, he is lying or dumb as a rock.There are some where maybe we sort of have a different opinion or moral view on a topic, then there is very obvious him denying reality.
Doublethink.
Ask Sleepy Ben Carson, who said the the ACA was the worst thing since slavery.
It doesn't affect *him*.
Aspiring to be a future physician, I can answer two of those. The rest I think he's coo coo for coco puffs on.Gun control: 2nd Amendment is pretty absolute in my opinion on the notion that gun control restricts individual rights. The day men don't have to sign up for the draft (HA!), then we can talk gun control. I'd rather deal with 30 gunshot victims than 1 rape.ACA: Badly written and Congress under the influence of health insurance companies fucked it up badly. Make it universal/single payer healthcare.
Most of those are actually reasonable positions for a scientist.  Every physician my dad has had hates the ACA due to the extra paperwork and lower payouts.  And if you live in TX you probably oppose gun control just because of that.  Why would science impact your feelings on the 2nd amendment?  Scientists can be bigots too.  Science doesn't make you a good person.
> oppose gun controlThis one isnt that hard
Is all that true?
Why would you think that all MD's should support public radio? I don't follow. 
Money. 
$
Ideology man, ideology 
$$$
just cause you're educated in a field, doesn't necessarily mean you're smart.
> trained in medical scienceMedicine is not a science. It's more like applied biology.> oppose gun control> against environmental regulations> against funding public radioThese things have nothing to do with medicine. 
Opposing gun control isn't a bad thing
>explain this to me: how can...by never questioning the status quo of your personal environment.
Planned parenthood is profitable without federal funding so it simply doesn't need the money anymore, ACA is a failed program which has forced people to pay increasing premiums and losing their preferred doctor, Tobacco is definitely a drug, gun control is anti-constitutional so that one makes perfect sense, job-discrimination... you know that to pick someone to hire out of three possible candidates you HAVE to discriminate right? let's grab the definitionrecognition and understanding of the difference between one thing and another.oh wow, maybe that shouldn't be illegal...and maybe, much like how you want religion to stop coming into schools and forcing their opinion on your children, why do you think it's fine for you to go to a private business and force your opinion on them. If they don't want to hire someone, or provide a service, as long as they don't try to take your money, they are 100% within their rights. Enviromental regulations aren't all good, and radio? come on it's 2017.
What does medical science have to do with a bunch of liberal issues. Being pro Gun control  for example is about as anti science as you can get. Most of these are not scientific issues they are political issues.
The fuck does gun control have to do with any of that?
sounds like a neolibretarian to me>against same-sex marrigenevermind, just a cuntservative
How can people think Hitler 2 is the new president and still want our guns taken away? Why can't you people figure out why the Founding Fathers thought this was the 2nd MOST IMPORTANT RIGHT OF THE CITIZENS OF THE UNITED STATES!!!
You can be against planned parenthood if you don't like abortions (which they preform hundreds of thousands of and fudge their numbers to make it look like it's only a small number of their procedures. Being against funding for planned parenthood is even easier, you don't get to use the government to force someone else to pay for your birth control. Just because he's a physician doesn't mean he has to be pro-planned parenthood.There are plenty of people against the ACA, watch Ted Cruz tear it apart during his debate with Bernie Sanders. He could easily be a physician and oppose the ACA. Nicotine is a drug but I would like to see what he meant by saying tobacco is not a drug (he could have been saying that it contains drugs but is not a drug itself.) About half the country opposes gun control, this has nothing to do with being a physician. All being against discrimination means is that you don't think it is proper for the government to force businesses to serve people they don't want to. If someone does not want to sell their property to someone else you don't get to force them to do so, it shouldn't matter why they discriminate because it is their property (now legal discrimination is different and I oppose this.) Once again, this has nothing to do with being a physician. Being against same sex marriage also has nothing to do with being a physician.As for the environmental regulations, it not only has nothing to do with being a physician, but why would you trust the scientists that have been consistently wrong in their predictions for decades time and time again? Not to mention that to hit their environmental regulations will disproportionately hurt the poor, especially in developing countries. Radio has no business being funded by the state, especially if it's political. Only a couple of your points had anything to do with him being a physician, but I hope this explains it.
Then we can have Jim Crow again! Oop! You're black and want to register to vote? Too bad!
You can you can not use them as a doctor.
I'll stand by you in that. I'd honestly prefer it that way.
I already do this anyway.  I'm not vocal about it, but I definitely view the religious as ignorant and unenlightened...a lot like children actually.  Children respond better to reason though. 
You can tho?
That's the best thing about god or gods. Even though god created everything and is a all powerful something....it still finds the time to  hate all the exact same things us mortal humans hate. Also like most of the other 2900 false gods before this real one he got a few things wrong which is to be expected. Making everything is not a easy job. In his biography he got a few things wrong but like any holy book we can pick and choose what parts we want to take word for word.
I know you're being sarcastic, but you are absolutely right. As an individual, you have the right (and perhaps obligation) to discriminate. As long as it doesn't interfere with anyone else's rights and you aren't the government. 
Good luck with business then
You already can though really, it's basically normal to laugh and berate most religions online and in public without fear of much repercussion
Because a sizable portion of the people running that government are cultists.Not *all* of them, but enough so that they can selectively refuse to enforce all the checks and balances put in place to prevent cultists from seizing power.
What I don't get is why they need to hide behind religion. Businesses can deny service to anybody, and they don't have to disclose the reason. They want to be able to openly insult the gay community.
Because, to the general horror of educated people, the United States is backwards as fuck. 
Because the government is tasked with protecting the rights of the people, one of those being freedom of religion. 
God* said only certain people get to be happy.(*: subject to human interpretation)
Religious Zealots, it's not enough for some people that they follow the rules of their stone age sacred texts, they have to force other people to abide by their rules.
The only way they can maintain power is through division. If people weren't divided they wouldn't be fighting each other and choosing sides. Humans are pretty tribal once they've chosen a side and with politics it's marketed to be very person and intertwined with core beliefs. They take those hot button core beliefs and they fan the flames as hard and fast as they can and watch it all burn down while they sneak out the back with everything both sides had. 
A friend of a friend is catholic and says that it's like there is an invisible cliff that nobody can see except Catholics and gays are running towards it by getting married. Apparently he's loves gay people (but not their gayness) and wants to save them from this invisible doom. How the hell do you even argue with such lunacy? It's like mandating that the government  protect the natural habitat of the Sasquatch.
God cares for God's children.  Now it's up for debate who that actually is as it differs tribe to tribe and church to church.  These religions gained power from genocide and perpetual war.  What about that spells out harmony?  Hell, the bible says to love God above all others and to shun your family and friends because you are absolutely not allowed to love anyone or anything more than you love god.  Makes perfect sense in that light!
They just don't want to be involved with gays, I can't imagine gays want to be around them.  Why force them to interact?
Does having a government forcing a cake baker to sell to people he doesn't want to sell to, not lower his happiness?
It would. Christians feel comfortable creating discriminatory laws in the US because they are lack critical thinking skills. 
Mattis
Elon musk in the advisor board for the president
[deleted]
Im arguing with some guy right now who says hate crime laws and equality laws are an affront to freedom of speech LOL
God is a republican so I wouldn't count on it. 
If there is a god this is apparently what it wants.
He's trying but his followers are lost in translation (har har).  
lol
Gods Not Dead 3: Gods Day in Court 
It's ironic that they believe so heavily in something written by brown people and then try to ban them from coming here.
I honestly don't mean this to be rude in any way shape or form so please forgive me if I say something out of line.  I'm just trying to figure out exactly what you mean.  Your wife is someone who you previously would have referred to as your husband, correct?
If she ever needs someone to talk to, send her over to /r/asktransgender. And thank you so much for being there for her. It's really heartbreaking to read about all the families that break up because one partner is transitioning. It's not easy.
No just them thank you
It also allows me to perform satanic ritualistic sacrifices in public school science classes, right? 
Fiscally conservative Republicans education is expensive!Let's increase military spending.
Tis a silly place. 
They wont vote him out. His constituents are as rabid as he is
Crazy that someone who believes in modern medicine can be stupid enough to believe in a magic man in the sky. Loonies!
His opponent in 2016 didn't seem to exist. I know, because I didn't want to vote for him. Could not find the democratic candidate at all.
Taking bets on if the virginity test for the ladies becomes a thing here too?  NO school or jobs for you slutty ladies!  Keep you self worth in tact and knees together!
> if they followed the tenets of their religion they would be the most loving and accepting people the world has ever seenNot really
They prefer the judging of others on Gods behalf version instead of the love everybody and let god judge version.
Despite the nickname Mad Dog  Mattis is probably the least insane, most qualified appointee, but I doubt Trump actually knew anything about him.  He heard the nickname and thought, I gotta have that guy.
nope
...but he's anti-vaxx so he won't take it
As a libertarian, I'm pretty confused as to why you'd think that.
It's the modus operandi for the GOP. Write a bill that goes against the common good of man, toss the rabid evangelicals a bone in their somewhere, put Defense of or Freedom of some belief that has nothing to actually do with the bill in the name of the bill, attack anybody who opposes the bill on the false grounds of not defending said belief or not wanting Freedom. 
Like nazis?
Thank you for your comment. Unfortunately, your comment has been removed for the following reason:* Bigotry, racism, homophobia and similar terminology. It is against the [rules](https://www.reddit.com/r/atheism/wiki/guidelines).  Users who don't abstain from this type of abuse may be banned temporarily or permanently. If you have any questions, [please feel free to message the mods](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=/r/atheism). Thank you.
Power corrupts, absolute power corrupts absolutely 
You should try money sometime. Dishonesty is a gateway drug. 
Money
According to the AMA [Code of Medical Ethics](https://www.ama-assn.org/about-us/code-medical-ethics), he could be in violation of the relevant ethical guidelines, particularly the AMA Principles of Medical Ethics: II, V, VII.
[deleted]
Fighting government takeovers by joining the government. Bold move.
Why so often in America, the more benign and for-the-common-good an association name insinuates it is, it's usually the exact opposite.
Orthopedic surgery is one of the most competitive residencies to get in medicine these days... 
Holy shit that is funny. I probably should be happy about the claim that this is a work of fiction, but I suspect you are correct that this is not atypical.
So my best friend is an orthopedic surgeon and had to go through all the same schooling as real doctors, plus a 5 year residency and an additional year of specialization.  You're either really ignorant or just an asshole, or not actually a doctor.  
Hehe, I knew that would be the talking bears.  Funniest thing ever, also scarily accurate..
Paramedic here, can confirm.  Have mentioned to an orthopod that his patient might have an undiagnosed heart condition, and been told he needs a real doctor. I'm just a carpenter.
We always say the Orthopods can't see beyond the end of their hammer. You'd at least think they could order pain meds.
I hope this is mostly tongue in cheek, as is the video, but orthopedics treat what they want to (orthopedic injuries), and defer the rest to other physicians.  And, they are among the smartest, hard-working doctors there are, and are almost always the top graduates of a medical school.Do you, anonymous internet doctor, deliver babies, take out appendixes, set a bone, place EVD's, or do you call an appropriate doctor.  Those are fairly basic procedures, medical students do them (with proper supervision, of course).  Managing blood pressure doesn't magically make you smarter or better qualified.Also, whats the difference between an orthopedic surgeon and a carpenter? The carpenter knows more than three antibiotics.
How can you harbour such hatred for your fellow medical professionals as to not consider them doctors, and exaggerate their unfamiliarity with knowledge that lays outside their speciality as to say they barely understand what high blood pressure means? 
[removed]
> Have you not also heard of 'Dr.' Ben Carson?You can HATE his politics, but Dr. Ben Carson is considered a rather awesome neurosurgeon.  Did his residency at Johns Hopkins - and was chief resident - at **Johns Hopkins**.   Go read up on his career as a surgeon: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ben_Carson#Surgeon Calling this guy a Dr. in quotes is patently stupid - he was a super talented and capable neurosurgeon.  You know - as in brain surgeon. 
You mean [this guy?](http://disney.wikia.com/wiki/Sleepy) it's hard to keep track of all the dwarfs.
Are you seriously doubting that a world famous neurosurgeon like Ben is a doctor? You don't have to agree with him on politics, or even *like* him, but you have to acknowledge that he is not an idiot. 
He's really good at knitting and embroidery.
Dr. Laura
Uh, yes, they have. Eisenhower warned about it as it was in process.
I love you.
[Here's your answer.](http://www.nejm.org/doi/full/10.1056/NEJM199310073291506) 
Not anyone.  I'll admit it!  I'm just a lowly nobody, though.  I think the wealthy are realizing they need us and thats why we're making robots now so our class can keep getting shafted but the elites won't have to worry about having to figure out how to do all the things we do to keep their lives cushy.  :o
Your neighbors being overprivileged scumbags have nothing to do with your inability to get a decent job. The hobbies you mention have nothing to do with your income level. Something else is way off if that's the best job you can get
Everything?  Do you understand that there are people who live peaceful lives without ever owning a gun or having guns in their community? 
What's your plan to replace it? 
And the 18 million people who have it? Is this what compassionate conservatism looks like?
Sagan and others have argued the opposite about science.  As mentioned earlier, the NRA has lobbied congress to prevent the government from funding evidence-based public health research regarding gun violence.
It's sad that you're labelling most of those as liberal issues 
The Republicans have prevented the CDC from studying the causes and health impact of gun violence.
Care to explain how the average gun owner can fight off a drone attack or modern military or police force?
The problem is that every one of your points is wrong. This is a great example of alternative facts.Particularly egregious is your erroneous view on environmental regulations, which have been shown to primarily help the poor, not hurt them. The stats on this are widely available, as it is poor people who suffer the most from air, water, and soil pollution, particularly from their proximity to hazardous waste, corporate dumping, and chemical ingestion. Planned Parenthood provides millions of STI/STD screenings, access to contraception, women's health services, and cancer screening and prevention. A tiny fraction of their services, somewhere between 15-30%, is devoted to abortion.  Clearly, they are providing a much needed public service based on science and public health.   And obviously, due to the lack of health care in the US, they are needed more than ever, especially if the ACA is gutted by small minded, time traveling cretins from the 18th century.
No, no, no. You can vote. You just have to pass this test for first time voters who cannot prove their father bloodline has voted in at 75% of elections since 1900.Question 1 - What did George Washington have for breakfast on May 1, 1777?Question 2 - What school year did Barack Obama graduate third grade? Question 3 -  What is the 8th word of the third line of the sixth paragraph of the original hand written speech known as the Gettysburg Address? 
Jim Crow was enforcing discrimination by law.
I know your comment was in jest, but comparing this to jim crow is just plain inaccurate. Reasonable people can disagree on the morality of the bill & the impact it will have, but there's a huge difference between government mandated segregation and the individual right to deny service based on religious belief
Half the reason is because a lot of people think religions are actually realistic.The other half is just people taking advantage of the naive and gullible for monetary reasons like tax breaks or getting support simply based on faith that if someone is part of your tribe then that means they are automatically better than others. Example, Trump says he's a Christian and supports traditional values-bam- he suddenly has a shit ton of easy votes, when he can't even quote the Bible.
freedom... from the government... of religion.
What's God 
Was unaware that buying a cake means to be involved with someone. I'd certainly not say I'm involved with a baker in a Walmart 
He doesn't have to sell cakes?
If he's a bigoted asshole, maybe it does.  Are you seriously implying that somebody can, for no other reason, refuse entry to their store to blacks, Hispanics, Asians, or any other group of people they don't like?  I'm pretty sure that was the entire point of the civil rights movement - if you own a business, if you provide a service to the public, then you serve *all* the public equally, or none at all.  Now a business certainly doesn't have to do work that would be considered offensive to a normal person, so if somebody asked that cake baker to put a message saying I love sucking dick on a cake they would rightly be able to refuse, provided of course they didn't routinely put such sorts of messages on cakes for other customers.  If the customer was saying or doing offensive things on their premises then they have the right to evict them.  But to refuse to serve a customer because of their skin colour, sexual orientation, or any other personal characteristic is flat out bigotry.If a doctor refuses to treat a person based on their skin colour or sexual orientation or appearance or religion, that doctor should instantly have their license revoked.  No questions, it's gone.  If they refuse to perform *standard medical procedures* such as contraception or medically warranted abortions, then they should either choose a new speciality, or quit.
Totally false. Discrimination based on religion (along with discrimination based on race, color, sex or national origin) in public accommodations is prohibited by, in addition to state laws in virtually every state, the federal Civil Rights Act of 1964. However, discrimination based on sexual orientation in public accommodations is currently *not* prohibited by federal law.This law wouldn't undo existing prohibitions of discrimination based on religion, race, color, sex or national orientation. Rather, it takes the status quo a step further by saying affirmatively that people running public accommodations *do* have the right to discriminate against people based on their sexual orientation, if motivated by a religious objection to serving such people. 
Yeah, you should totally apply to be a preacher at your local church and then sue them when they don't hire you because you are an atheist.
They feel comfortable creating discriminatory lawss because they're the minority, simple as that. They know the laws would be struck down if they were used against Christians, but they hope they can get away with using them against minorities.
I'm not sure it's discrimination, it's more trying to isolate themselves from things they don't like nor approve of.  Gays wouldn't want to support or be around them, would they?  Why does it matter what they think?
That man is literally the only Cabinet pick that everyone agrees on- or at least, agrees that he's suitably qualified and relatively level-headed.I, for one, am absolutely flummoxed as to how the ringleaders of this Administration managed to pick someone so qualified for this position, seeing as how they filled every other position with remarkably unqualified candidates.
[deleted]
Nikki Haley?
Google doesn't paint a pretty picture but I hope you're right
There's an argument to be made about hate speech laws. After all, speech is in the name. I'm not saying I agree, but I think you could have a reasonable debate on the topic.EDIT: above comment referred to hate CRIMES  rather than speech. Hate crimes can't really be debated in any reasonable way.
Supply Side Jesus hates Commies and liberals
I am also confused
Yup.  We married in 2009, as man and woman.  Then she came out as trans last year.  And she's in the process of fully transitioning, so I call her female pronouns now. It's confusing! lol
If they could just figure out how expensive under education is...
Sorry I should have clarified, it's not up for reelection since he has resigned there will be a new Republican and Democrat. It is in a Republican state but it's close enough to the metro areas that there's hope!
The national Democratic Party sleeps on Atlanta.  And now bye bye ACA and still nary an interest. 
Okay what if they all just started using the Jefferson Bible
Nobody calls me Mad Dog - especially not some duded-up egg-suckin' gutter trash!
Mattis. You might not even like him but he's the outlier. 
well, the argument goes that it's authoritarian to not let a worker (or a baker for example) discriminate against those they do business with (a gay couple wanting a gay wedding cake.) that's what i'm assuming this bill addresses and it's an argument i've heard libertarians make time and time again.
Because no one should be forced to do something or provide service they object to?
Absolute power does not corrupt absolutely, absolute power attracts the corruptible.  - Frank Herbert
Or being greedy bastard.
And to think, Trump won because people thought he was less corrupt than Clinton. 
Replace power with religion.
Power attracts the corruptible.  Anybody who wants it should be viewed with suspicion and should only have an ounce of it under onerous conditions that makes them want to give it up as soon as possible.
Do any of those hold sway when you are no longer a medical professional? Or, as an M.D., do they always hold sway regardless?
That is not remotely true [(about salaries)](http://www.businessinsider.com.au/heres-how-much-money-australian-doctors-actually-earn-2014-5).And, like everything, there are multiple reasons.  But most are fighting government control and regulations, not lack of money.
Turns out that if you want to shut government down, best place to be is in government!
Yup.  They are the smartest medical students with Step 1 scores in the 280s but the dumbest doctors alive.
These days yes, but back when he matched it was the speciality if you couldn't match into real surgery (general surgery). 
My cousin was dating a foot surgeon in Orange County and he made around 400k a year if I remember correctly, set his own hours for most part. Sounded well worth real doctors giving you shit.
I wish I were lying but I've personally seen (and every doctor has a story of) an orthopedist performing a physical exam and writing a progress note (Please keep left lower extremity in non-weight bearing status, fracture well-aligned, healing well) on a dead patient without realizing they were dead.
He is exaggerating, but his point is good. Orthos only see their picture. If it doesn't relate to bones in some way, it is not something they care about. Many specialties get caught up in only looking at their picture, but orthos may be the worst. 
Ask him to read my comment and I want to hear his response.  I'm dead serious.  I'd be willing to Skype with you guys.
Anywhere in the hospital, I can just say a-systole and everyone gets it... looking at the comments, this is a world-wide phenomenon.
The best was when I was managing a trauma patient for the orthopod and she asks me to put him on Ancef.  I reply that the patient is allergic to cephalosporins.  The deer-in-headlights look on her face was priceless.  She literally didn't know any another medication other than Ancef.
>Do you, anonymous internet doctor, deliver babies, take out appendixes, set a bone, place EVD's, or do you call an appropriate doctor.I've been trained to do them if necessary.  They're all within the scope of general surgery depending on where you practice.
You haven't worked in an American academic hospital.  Come rotate with us for a spell, you'd be shocked.
 All their med school knowledge disappears after working 100 hrs per week doing nothing but surgery and surgery follow up for 5 years in residency. I'm a hospitalist who is frequently consulted only to manage blood pressure... Then I get sucked into all the social bullshit. 
Thank you for your comment. Unfortunately, your comment has been removed for the following reason:* Using abusive language or fighting with other users (flaming), activities which are against the [rules](https://www.reddit.com/r/atheism/wiki/guidelines). Connected comments may also be removed for the same reason.  Users who don't cease this behavior may be banned temporarily or permanently. If you have any questions, [please feel free to message the mods](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=/r/atheism). Thank you.
People aren't insulting his ability to doctor. People are bewildered at how an amazing doctor can be so amazingly...dumb? Because his line of work is extremely skillful
> You can HATE his politics, but Dr. Ben Carson is considered a rather awesome neurosurgeon.?https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ben_Carson#Surgeon>While at Johns Hopkins, Carson figured in the revival of the hemispherectomy, a drastic surgical procedure in which part or all of one hemisphere of the brain is removed to control severe pediatric epilepsy. Encouraged by John M. Freeman,[92] he refined the procedure in the 1980s and performed it many times.[93][94]>In 1987, Carson was the lead neurosurgeon of a 70-member surgical team that separated conjoined twins, Patrick and Benjamin Binder, who had been joined at the back of the head (craniopagus twins); the separation surgery held promise in part because the twin boys had separate brains.[95] Both boys entered the hospital giggling and kicking in preparation for surgery without which, it was said at the time, the seven-month-old twins would never have been able to crawl, walk, or turn over.[95] The Johns Hopkins surgical team rehearsed the surgery for weeks, practising on two dolls secured together by Velcro.[95] Although follow-up stories were few following the Binder twins' return to Germany seven months after the operation,[95] **both twins were reportedly far from normal two years after the procedure, with one in a vegetative state.[95][96][97][98] I will never get over this . . . Why did I have them separated? said their mother, Theresia Binder, in a 1993 interview.[95] Neither twin was ever able to talk or care for himself, and both would eventually become institutionalized wards of the state.[95] Patrick Binder died sometime during the last decade, according to his uncle, who was located by the Washington Post in 2015.[95]** The Binder surgery served as blueprint for similar twin separations, a procedure which was refined in subsequent decades.[95] Carson participated in four subsequent high-risk conjoined twin separations, including a 1997 operation on craniopagus Zambian twins, Joseph and Luka Banda, which resulted in a normal neurological outcome.[95] **Two sets of twins died, including Iranian twins Ladan and Laleh Bijani; another separation resulted in the death of one twin and the survival of another, who is legally blind and struggles to walk.[99]**Seems like a bit of a mixed record, to be honest.Edit: Downvoting me doesn't change reality. :)
That's the point.He's a brilliant neurosurgeon who also thinks a tree-bark-based dietary supplement can cure prostate cancer. 
Always glad to see this comment anytime someone shits on Carson's medical skill. I don't want him near the government at all but credit where credit is due
You can be really good at one thing and still be an idiot.
He's very good at *surgery*, which is not *medicine*, and has absolutely no experience in housing or urban development.
And how many lives have been saved because someone who was armed was able to protect themselves against an attacker and home invader? I mean people get stabbed all the time, and I guarantee every doctor owns a knife.People die very frequently in car accidents, but I'm sure most doctors drive. I think you're kind of making a stretch to assume that being a doctor should have influence on your gun control opinions. There are even organizations like [Doctors for Responsible Gun Ownership.](https://drgo.us/)
eh yeah I see that coming too. :/
The hobbies you mention have nothing to do with your income level.   They do quite a bit actually. I learned some of those things the last time I was homeless. There are other factors, there always are, but in the end there isn't really much else around my area for someone without any college.
So why would you be against guns? It's a fucking right, that shall not be infringed.
They are undeniably liberal issues. I like planned parenthood, but the question should everyone pay for peoples birth control is complicated. I think the ACA is a flawed program, nothing science based about that. Tobacco is not a drug thing, Arguably tobacco is a plant, nicotine is a drug. I am not sure what you are advocating for here, like tobacco is a drug therefore ban it? Gun control is one of the least reality based policies that liberals like to put forth. I support a private individual or business right to discriminate.I am anti government marriage altogether, but if straights can marry so should everyone else be allowed to. I dont know how a magical lifelong ceremony has anything to do with science.Environmental Regulations are scientific, so yes being a scientist should help you answer these question in a way that maps with reality. Public radio is fine, but again the question should everyone have to pay for public radio? is not a scientific one.
This is not true. They can(and have) still researched it. What they're not allowed to do is to start researching with the intent to find reasons to ban guns.
Why is it relevant?Rights should not be given up no matter the consequences. I'm 100% against spying even is it could save millions of lives.
The average gun owner can't but 300 million could.  Imagine if every citizen was armed we would outnumber the military and police like 100:1. How many million marched for women's rights? If you are saying all the military and police with drones would attack the people you're saying you wouldn't want a gun? I believe the 2nd amendment clearly states a well regulated militia being necessary to the security of a free state, the right of the PEOPLE to keep and bear arms shall not be infringed. This is so the citizens of the nation can stand up to tyranny like they did against the British as the British were trying to confiscate the colonists weapons prior to the revolution. 
Thank you for this. 
How are these points wrong? And 15-30% is no reasonable sense can be described as a ''tiny fraction''. 
I would LOVE to see how these regulations help poor people instead of limiting their access to electricity. Taxing CO2 based of models so poor they had to claim a pause when reality didn't line up with their predictions is silly. Rich people can afford these taxes, the poor can not. Time and time again these scientists are revealed to be fudging numbers and the goalposts are moved to fit their agenda. Sure planned parenthood provides those services but if you believe abortion is murder you would not want your money going to an organization that performs them. They also fudge their services number by having multiple services per meeting (i.e. going in to get an abortion could count as 4 non-abortion services on top of the abortion itself.) Regardless, it's not even an argument for Planned Parenthood being allowed to exist or not, the argument is wither the government should force people to fund it despite it preforming mass infanticide. As for the ACA like I said watch the Bernie vs Ted Cruz debate on it, it shines a light on the multitude of issues it has. 
Spell backwards, forwards actual question from the Luisiana literacy test that had 30 questions, requiring them all to be correct, and being completed within 10 minutes-this question can be interpreted however the grader-person wants=basically no one got to vote that they didn't want to. 
>What school year did Barack Obama graduate third grade?Third grade 
1. Freedom eggs2. 19713. There is no sixth paragraph
[deleted]
As long as it isn't you being denied service. 
> but there's a huge difference between government mandated segregation and the individual right to deny service based on religious beliefI think you need to look up what Jim Crow was. It wasn't illegal for black people to vote in the 1950s, it's just that if they went in to register to vote, the office was closed or they were busy. It was literally the individual right to deny service based on religious belief. Remember, the bible calls for slavery. This is what you are advocating for. It's like free speech. It goes both ways. There are positives and negatives. 
He doesn't give a shit that he can't quote the Bible. He'll say anything to get people to support him and his supporters will say anything defend the Cheeto Mussolini 
He disregarded the Pope... The Pope! The biggest figure in the Christan and Catholic Church and the stupid Christians still believe he is good Christian. Ffs
Please clarify. 
That's subject to human interpretation.
A proper noun version of the noun, god. Edit: syntax
So if the Walton family came out and say d they hate gays, would you still buy cakes at Walmart?  I wouldn't if I was gay.
Hmmm. What if homosexuality *is* my religion?  I mean, I do practice it religiously.
> Discrimination based on religion (along with discrimination based on race, color, sex or national origin) in public accommodations is prohibited by, in addition to state laws in virtually every state, the federal Civil Rights Act of 1964.As it should be.> However, discrimination based on sexual orientation in public accommodations is currently not prohibited by federal law.As it shouldn't be.
They're not trying to isolate themselves at all. Prop 8 in California was funded by out of state religious nuts. They only care about shoving their capitalistic Jesus down everyone's throats. Their dads and brothers happily stay in the closet and go to church every Sunday. They are the American equivalent to Muslim extremists. A bunch of right wing authoritarian group that wants to rule according to a religious text. 
You know that most American gays are Christian, right?
I'm pretty sure they got together on their mega yachts over the weekend after Trump won and drew names out of a hat to decide which billionaire buddy gets which seat.  Like qualifications had anything to do with the forming of our new dictatorship!
[deleted]
He was also known as the warrior monk, and is known for requiring his troops to undergo cultural sensitivity training before deployment. The guy knows his shit.Read his Wikipedia page. He was a great call, although I imagine Trump picked him solely based on his nickname.
We're not talking about hate speech, because obviously that falls under restriction of speech. We're talking about hate CRIMES. Violence n whatnot.
Sounds like you're handling it as lovingly a and supportively as you could be hoped to though (from these to comments, lol)!
Confusing indeed, but I'm just so happy thinking about the astounding odds of this person being so very lucky in life to find a wife who is so open, understanding and happened to be bisexual.  The combination of  circumstances that had to have led up to this situation is just staggering.  I'm glad for the both of you, it seems like you're happy and that's all that matters.
If libertarians are arguing with you that people should be allowed to discriminate against x people on the basis of their religious belief then they are arguing on behalf of their own conservatism, not their libertarianism. Libertarianism itself doesn't advocate discrimination and harm done for the sake of just any absurd sense of liberty. There's nothing libertarian about limiting x people from using the goods and services available to all other people.
...So long as it doesn't hurt others is the end of that libertarian motto
Deep in the human unconscious is a pervasive need for a logical universe that makes sense. But the real universe is always one step beyond logic - Frank Herbert 
Thanks for reminding me about this quote. More fitting now than ever.
Which I am convinced is the end all result of capitalism itself. 
Or more probably because he was better at stirring up hatred toward others.Not that Clinton was bad at stirring up hatred with her I'm with her campaign, just that she wasn't as good at it as Trump. She's a career politician, he's a career salesman, so it's not really a surprise he took the electoral votes while she won the majority of votes.
They are just ethical guidelines, so they have no legal standing.  I suspect the state codes are legally binding if you practice medicine, but are far less strict, and many people have complained that the codes are too loose. 
[deleted]
Ron Swanson 
Huh, TIL. 
A podiatric (foot) surgeon is different to an orthopedic surgeon.
My original orthopedic that I saw for my back couldn't tell that I had arthritis.  Went back 2 years later to a different ortho, he took 1 look at the 2 year old pictures and immediately noticed the arthritis.  Then had me try to touch my toes and could immediately tell I had a spinal curvature.  He figured out in 15 mins what my old ortho couldn't in 6 visits.
Will a broken bone heal for a period of time after death?  Or will that stop immediately?
Somewhat unrelated, but ive had the opposite: medicine R2 calls me in the middle of the night.An old guy who was already sick had a PEA arrest and they never achieved a return of a pulse.They called the code after 20 min or so, but 5 min later the family started yelling for them to come back as he was trying to breath.They wanted to know what to do.  Ummm get of the phone and check for a pulse /resume CPR? They guy survived only another 24 hours, but there are reports of full recovery.[Here's one proposed mechanism](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/27998300) of the Lazarus effect
Ha , this guy doesn't fuck around. He puts his money where his mouth is. 
I gave my response above.  I thought you were kidding, but you're just bitter and arrogant.  Orthopedists are highly trained specialists, and it makes no sense to spend their time managing mundane medical issues any doctor with one year of training can manage.  Better to have them manage things only they can manage.  If your patient breaks his hip will you on it?  Cast his wrist?'Ortho' guy: that doctor can't even pin a broken femur.  Did he even go to medical school?And even so, isn't it still better to have an MD, even a 'lowly' Orthopedist than a politician for HHS? 
It's so weird when you read a Reddit comment (my best friend), think the person is female, and then someone else calls her a him. I wonder were this inclination comes from.Thinking about it, I have zero understanding of the gender ratios of orthopedic surgeons but I found it strange you dove into him and his. Would love it if you could elaborate on this. 
RemindMe! 7 daysMan I want to see and hear that discussion by any means.
There's a fracture, I need to fix it! never fails to get a laugh at parties (my wife and all her friends are doctors).
I think his point was that it is a bit much to not consider them doctors.  Even if they are highly specialized they still practice in the medical field.
God damn post op consults on healthy patients. Htn: well controlled on lisinopril 5 mgHld : continue statin. Literally a note I've had to write over and over again.  
Have you considered that maybe you don't actually know more than a brain surgeon?  Maybe his intelligence transcends everyone's to the point he appears to be the idiot.
Not sure your can blame the doctor there. Separating conjoined twins is risky at the best of times. When the join is at the head and they share major blood vessels, surviving the operation is already a won. Often the choice is one or birth die within years or you try to separate them witha low chance of success.
Clearly you know nothing about medicine if you think the risks of post op problems was going to stay minimal if you're separating conjoined twins 
I don't know about this specific belief and I'm not a fan of Dr. Carson but I do know that some chemotherapy drugs are derived from trees. Taxol gets its name from the tree it comes from, the Pacific yew, Taxus brevifolia. Edit: I'd like to add that this is just an interesting tidbit, not a defense of his methods. There's a big difference between an FDA approved chemotherapy drug and chewing on tree bark which is just full of shit than can make you sick.
Just so long as you remember that Dr Carson's skills are incredibly specialized. He has problems with comprehending that other academic disciplines exist, for instance here's his take on archeology:My own personal theory is that Joseph built the pyramids to store grain, Carson said in taped remarks first reported by Buzzfeed on Wednesday. Now all the archeologists think that they were made for the pharaohs' graves. But, you know, it would have to be something awfully big if you stop and think about it.
Agreed.  What is Trump good at?  Just wondering for a friend....
You can also be a genius and still get called an idiot by an idiot.   Which do you think is more likely?
You can also be an idiot without being good at anything except making fun of successful people.
I am a brain surgery resident and you are very wrong. Surgery is medicine, this is why you have to go to med school first. Brain surgery overlapses a whole lor with neurology, has one of the richest physical examinations. The decision to operate or not a brain tumor requiers a lot of anatomical and natural history of desease knowlege per example. The brain surgeon takes care of the patient pre and post op, has to take care of metabolic complications to surgery (mostly infections, low sodium, etc), epilepsy, elevatad brain pressures and brain edema, anemia, rehabilitation, deep vein trombosis. Also  big radilology intimacy. Of course we use consultation but it is our responsability. Also a lot of the ambulatory hours are neurology, since a lot of patients are missplaced in our services. English is not my first language so it is hard to express myself, sorry for any mistakes, typos and such.
I'm a doctor firmly against Trump et al., and I own a few guns.  I use knives daily to cut people who pay me for the privilege.  I still think basic common-sense gun control laws should prevail.
Gun control =/= get rid of all guns.
Very little since most people breaking into homes aren't trying to murder you and if they were you wouldn't have time to get the gun locked in the safe, where it absolutely should be.What a ridiculous notion for less gun control. What if someone needs to quick draw their pistol to take care of an attacker?!!?! 99.999999999% of people will never experience that kind of a situation. It's called prevention. You prevent stuff like kids getting shot by making sure its illegal to do stuff like leave guns lying around and letting people with mental illnesses buy six pistols from a gun show.
> And how many lives have been saved because someone who was armed was able to protect themselves against an attacker and home invader?None.  Either the person at home dies or the home invader dies.  So the gun's net impact is 0.
I'm not saying the hobbies are useless - quite the opposite. But they have no bearing on your inability to get a decent paying job. I know plenty of people with those hobbies that make good money - because they have other marketable skills. It might be time for you to move if you have marketable skills but there are no jobs in your area. 
Gun control is not being against guns.  
[It's true, and you're wrong](https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/storyline/wp/2015/01/14/why-the-cdc-still-isnt-researching-gun-violence-despite-the-ban-being-lifted-two-years-ago/). The NRA lobbied congress to prevent the CDC from treating gun deaths and gun injuries as a public health issue.  As a result, they are not allowed to research it.> Congress has continued to block dedicated funding. Obama requested $10 million for the CDCs gun violence research in his last two budgets. Rep. Carolyn Maloney (D-N.Y.) and Sen. Ed Markey (D-Mass.) have introduced bills supporting the funding.  Both times the Republican-controlled House of Representatives said no. Maloney recently said she planned to reintroduce her bill this year, but she wasnt hopeful.> So, the CDC is no closer to initiating gun-violence studies.> The roots of the research ban go back to 1996, when the NRA accused the public health agency of lobbying for gun control. That year, a Republican congressman stripped $2.6 million from the CDC budget, the exact amount spent on gun research the previous year. Soon the funding was restored, but designated elsewhere, and wording was inserted into the CDCs appropriations bill that, None of the funds made available for injury prevention and control at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention may be used to advocate or promote gun control.> The CDC interpreted this to mean it should avoid studying guns in any fashion.> It basically was a shot across the bow by Congress on the part of the NRA, said Mark Rosenberg, who was director of the CDCs National Center for Injury Control and Prevention when the ban went into effect. All federally funded research was shut down.This is straight up, anti-science policy making by Republicans.  Policy should be based on evidence, not ideology. The only place the NRA has is in the dustbin of history.
Give me a break.  You know perfectly well that gun rights are not under discussion. Is that you, Mr. Trump? 
Your interpretation of the second amendment (and use of comma) is highly controversial and disputed.  I have yet to meet to a single Australian or Canadian who wishes they had our system of gun ownership, and I suspect I never will.
Found the [full test](http://www.ferris.edu/jimcrow/question/feb12/literacytest.pdf)
>LuisianaLook who just lost their voting rights
That's a diabolical question. 
Isn't there only 1 proper interpretation?  spell backwards, [in the proper direction].  A: backwards
But did he go to preschool or kindergarten? You don't know? Disqualified. 
Ooo, so close. We were looking for liberty sausages.
[deleted]
Wrong. #2 is third grade. 
And the questioning of my motives begins...
It's Mango Mussolini/Cheeto Chavez, keep it sorted.
This is just my gut talking, but I imagine that many of his supporters are not of the Catholic Christian variety. I was (unfortunately) raised Southern Baptist, and there seemed to be a distaste for Catholics, the wrong, other type of Christians. So denying the Pope may have actually *helped* Trump.
Freedom of religion goes both ways.  Protects the right of citizens to worship who ever and what ever that want.  And hear is the kicker it protest every one else from that person's religion.  So if you religion is to sacrifice babies on every 3rd Tuesday that has a full moon.  You can not do that you are effecting the rights of others in that practice.  And casting laws that effect everyone based off a religious text does effect every one thus is illegal.  Weather or not any harm comes from that.  Religious creep is a very real problem in parts of the US.  Being illegal to purchase alcohol on Sunday is the top one to come to mind.  But when the majority of the population is of that religion and sees nothing wrong with that the checks and balances in place break down.  Sorry on phone and I am sure this reads like a five year old wrote it.
The constitution states Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof
Oh, someone used a lower case 'g'; that deserves extra credit!Thumbs up if anyone gets the reference. 
I still buy chik fila. I'm not gay though so idk, but the issue comes when it's a small town. Doubt discrimination in terms of business hurt blacks much in Atlanta, but elsewhere sure. 
You would likely need to prove this to the Supreme Court so that a precedent could be set.  Otherwise it is just words.
One of the marriage cases (I think NC but not sure) was based on religion; i.e. That their religion DID recognize gay gay marriage, and they were being prohibited from performing them.
Probably raised, but not practicing.  I'd say most are agnostic or atheist.  I mean, I'm a Christian, I guess, but I haven't been to church in 10 years other than weddings and funerals and I'm not sure there is a god, but what does this have to do with anything?
Haven't heard of her!  Aaaand one google search later, I find this on wikipedia: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Elaine_Chao#Early_careerShe got into politics via Reagan and Citicorp.  She's married to MITCH MCCONNEL.  She cut safety inspections that might have prevented major disasters.  She's an active distinguished Fellow of the Heritage Foundation.   And last but not least, >In February 2017, it was reported by the Associated Press that Chao had been paid five-figure sums by organisations linked to the People's Mujahedin of Iran (aka Mojahedin-e Khalq or MEK), an exile group that has been described as cult-like by the State Department, in exchange for making two speeches in 201516.[51][52] The MEK had previously claimed responsibility for the assassination of U.S. Army Lt. Col. Lewis L. Hawkins, the deputy chief of the U.S. military mission to Tehran in 1973.Mitch McConnel is one of the worst scum in the US Government, and I always sort of wondered what kind of person would be inherently broken enough to actually marry him, if he was married.  Turns out, he is, and this is it.  This woman who supports big buisness and personal profits over the safety of American workers, and associates with murderous cultists, and can't even be bothered to properly investigate the honest complaints **from American laborers while being the American Secretary of Labor**, this vile psychopath....  yeah, this broken human is a pretty good match for ol' Mitch, the Turtle of Hate.If she's the Secretary of Transportation, then we can reasonably expect trasportation in this country to suffer.  A few transport-related businesses will get very wealthy, and hundreds if not thousands of Americans will be killed, injured, or impoverished.  She is a *terrible* pick for this position.  What made you think otherwise, if I may ask?
Richland, Washington representing.
The exception I imagine being custom services. Everyone can buy everything, but if I don't want to put a swastika on my cake I custom make for you I don't have to.
OOH. OOH. FRANK HERBERT QUOTE FIGHT!!!
I've always loved that man but now I have a half-chub going... off to re-read the Dune series which I own in multiple hard/soft copies (giggity) and on Kindle...
When religion and politics travel in the same cart, the riders believe nothing can stand in their way. Their movements become headlong - faster and faster and faster. They put aside all thoughts of obstacles and forget the precipice does not show itself to the man in a blind rush until it's too late.Frank was right on the mark. Now I'm tempted to go back and reread Dune yet again...
Mmmmmmmmmm... - Herbert The Pervert
Whoa you are like the reason /r/im14andthisisdeep exists 
Comrade!
/r/LateStageCapitalism 
The system is currently designed to recruit greedy bastards, use them, and reward them handsomely.
Greed isn't a distinctly capitalist trait. The greedy and power hungry will always be over represented in any positions of power, as they are the ones most motivated to take on those positions. If everyone was awesome, well adjusted, morally and ethically focused, logical, science driven global citizens, and only supported those that acted the same, any economic system would work great. I say this as someone who firmly believes that capitalism is destined to self destruct into a version of socialism, when automation destroys x % of employment.TL;DR cunts are the ones who will fuck humanity, not any one philosophy, religion or economic system.
Go back to Russia you dirty commie. Or just go to Ukraine and wait a bit. Either way gets you to Russia eventually.
Right. Yeah. Greediness never happens in systems like communism. Dictatorships are usually always so selfless. 
Turns out when you assume a state is locked in and your primary received message was your jobs aren't coming back and don't campaign further, you've got some organizational issues showing. 
Clinton was bad at stirring up *anything* with her campaign. It was flat, tonedeaf, and arrogant from announcement to final defeat. 
>They are just ethical guidelines, so they have no legal standing.That was the first thing I was curious about when everything started opinions on...So this could matter if he was to attempt to get another job as a physician after his government tenure. But very likely, it doesn't matter a bit.Now about the rest of those AAPS members.....
This is not true.  Many sources easily refute [this](http://b-i.forbesimg.com/theapothecary/files/2013/05/DoctorPay.png).  There are several sources claiming 'specialists', whatever they mean, make $230k versus $250k or so in Australia, but this is not the case, unless they're including Internists or pediatrician as specialists.  230 wouldn't even be a good starting salary here for most specialists.
Don't learn that unless he provides a source.  All residencies were easier to get into then, but I am fairly certain there is not a single  person who got is an Orthopedist because he couldn't get into another specialty.
Back arthritis is a different story. He probably didn't want you to get an unnecessary back surgery
I'm calling Poe's law on this one.
Very interesting, thanks for that.  Few comments:* Why the hell would you keep doing CPR for 80 minutes with fixed pupils?!?!! No surprise his brain didn't work after that.* Not sure what kind of auto-thumpers they use, but in my experience they're pretty terrible at actual CPR.  To be fair I'm not familiar with pre-hospital/EMS literature.* Again, the paper says current guidelines say 10 mL/kg tidal volume but IIRC the critical care literature is shifting to ARDSy 6-8 mL/kg settings across the board.* They did mention a flat IVC on ultrasound, why wouldn't they resuscitate with IVF in the field?  I'm biased from the surgical standpoint but later on once he was admitted they said they were able to wean off pressors with fluid resuscitation.  I know fluid bolus isn't part of ACLS but if you're at it for over an hour I'd probably try it...
>but you're just bitter and arrogantSounds about right.  General surgery here.>it makes no sense to spend their time managing mundane medical issues any doctor with one year of training can manage. Better to have them manage things only they can manage.That's not what it means to be a doctor and care for patients.  I am specializing in minimally invasive surgery but that doesn't mean it's beneath me to manage hypertension, arrhythmias, diabetes, sepsis, or other mundane medical issues any doctor with one year of training can manage.  Imagine if you said that to a patient's face.  The privilege to cut is a sacred one, and you should manage the patient's health throughout the perioperative period instead of dumping scut onto any doctor with one year of training.  Do you even hear yourself?  Just do your damn job.  We need hospitalists and medical doctors to manage other complicated medical stuff too, not just sit around and deal with the crap that orthopods don't want to deal with.>'Ortho' guy: that doctor can't even pin a broken femur. Did he even go to medical school?I'll do basic traction pins but I won't do an IMN.  I'll cast something temporarily but I won't do hip repairs.
Traditionally ortho has been largely male, like most surgical specialties, but with the additional requirement that it actually takes a *lot* of strength to properly set and break and manipulate bones.  Here is another example of the orthopod mentality:https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-LWzljCKf8Q8/TZ8_C3fsRJI/AAAAAAAADPs/Khn8YIgYFpg/s1600/12+medical+specialty+stereotypes+full+%2528new%2529.jpg (this was written by an anesthesia resident who I think eventually got knocked up and quit)Nowadays, as in the rest of medicine, more and more females are joining the field but they are trickling in.  Still mostly jocks.  Which is weird given that all medical students are pretty nerdy so compared to the general population they're still kinda lame.  General surgery, OTOH, is now about 50/50 for new trainees.
Why did you think my best friend was female when you don't know the gender in french it is a rule that was taught in class that you have to use the masculine pronoun. In English I don't believe it is a rule, but it is how most people have been using gender pronouns for the longest time. Not only that, but reddit's audience is overwhelmingly male so assuming a masculine gender is probably not that far from reality.
OP will surely deliver...No but seriously if /u/fwaming_dragon actually does this, this is how the conversation would go:/u/fwaming_drag: Hey ortho buddy, this so-called doctor is talking shit about your job online!!!111oneOrtho bro: [Looks over at screen] Yup, that's about right.  [Goes back to making ridiculous amounts of money doing unnecessary spine procedures and joint injections]*Scene*
SAD.
Bro, I've known god wasn't real for my literal entire life. They NEVER had me fooled. I think that puts me quite a bit above Ben Carson. 
Neither does Ben Carson apparently if he's claiming to have gifted hands and then having patients die or be disabled after his procedures.The most remarkable thing about him is that he started off in poverty and became a neurosurgeon. I'm just pointing out that his actual record is rather checkered, not brilliant or flawless as it's made out to be.
To be honest, I debated whether or not to post that comment since many actual drugs *are* plant based. It's a gross over simplification for the sake of comedy.In this case, the company is Mannatech and they've been investigated for shady practices (and their CEO said they could not claim their dietary suppliments actually have *any* health benefits), but they still gave Ben Carson money to endorse them/give speeches. And in one of those speeches he credits Mannatech products for the recovery of his prostate cancer. The same cancerous tissue he had removed by surgery.There's also that video of Carson suggesting the archaeologists were wrong about the pyramids being built tas tombs for Egyptian Pharaohs. He thinks they were constructed by Joseph to store grain.
Being born into wealth
Not reading, that's for sure.
Winning.Bring on the downboats!
I think it's not unlikely that any two particular people are both idiots, considering how unlikely it is for a person to actually be a genius. And, as previously mentioned, genius at one thing doesn't mean genius at all things. Listen to people about the area of their expertise, otherwise be wary. 
No worries, your English is excellent.  Better than a lot of American-born white people.That being said, you paint a beautiful picture.  A false picture in America.In America, the asshole neurosurgeons dump all their patients on medicine, neurology, and general surgery services.  (I am a general surgery resident.)  *I*, or the medicine residents, have to deal with the metabolic complications.  I've **never** seen a neurosurgical resident deal with the complexities of DVTs and their management.I wish what you said were true.  I am firmly of the belief that surgeons are just internists that finished their training, and I pride myself in understanding (some of) the intricacies of internal medicine.  Sadly, in America, this is not true.I wish you were in my country and hospital.  Keep up your good work.
You apparently don't watch Scrubs.  They were very clear on this matter.
Problem is that everyone disagrees on what common sense is.
Gun control should be associated with how well you can hold the gun on target while recoiling. None of this let's ban .30 caliber clip magazines and pistol grips or muzzle devices and suppressors and sbrs. It's stupid guns throw lead and they all do the same thing some faster than others.
If someone is breaking into my house, I'm not going to assume that they care about the well being of my family. 
> 99.999999999% of people will never experience that kind of a situation.Did you literally say only 7 people alive today will ever encounter this situation.  Are you completely nuts?
moving costs money as well. I'm doing what I can. 
That ban was lifted years ago, and the only thing they weren't allowed to do was research it to *promote gun control*. In a perfect world, they wouldn't need that because the results should be unbiased fact.
Studies on health effects shouldn't be conducted for the same reason we avoid racial science and why we should avoid studying benefits of surveillance, it shifts the conversation to giving legitimacy to the idea of removing rights.
That is a weak argument at best. The amendment is the most clear and concise of them all. It clearly gives the right to the people, you know we the people from the beginning of that one document, read it as if you were a founding father1-the militia is any able bodied male over 17, aka the people that just fought for their independence2-the right of the people is the right of the people. Every gun, cannon, battleship weapon of any kind was CIVILIAN owned as there was no USA/military etc to have or fight for the colonies. 3- no offense but I don't care about Australia they don't have a bill of rights that says the right of the people to keep and bear arms shall not be infringed 4 - don't try to make the argument about muskets because they could've said muskets but choose their words carefully. Also cannons and many other advanced weapons existed which is why they said arms. Also if you disagree with this then the 1st amendment doesn't apply to TV radio or internet 
Is this for real?  My bullshit senses are tingling something fierce.I mean, someone put way too much effort into this, most poll workers could not even grade a test like this.  You could make a much simpler test and grade it however you want and accomplish the same thing.  Edit:  Also, this was clearly done on a wordprocessor, not a typewriter.  Looked around for any evidence that this actually was used by the state of Lousiana and can't seem to find any and apparently historians also had this problem [from last paragraph](http://www.slate.com/articles/news_and_politics/video/2014/11/louisiana_1964_literacy_test_harvard_students_take_and_fail_the_exam_badly.html)>As Slate's blog The Vault noted, after publishing its initial post, historians have encountered difficulties in establishing this document's origin. Read more about the search for an archival copy here.Sadly the link is a deadend link so I can't read more about the search.
Savage! 
That's what common sense would say. But it's up to the graders' interpretation. If the graders wanted you not to be able to vote-you didn't. The same grader could say spelling backwards the correct direction=backwards would be wrong, but also, on another paper, say spelling [forwards] backwards=sdrawrof would also be wrong. I agree that what you said makes the most sense, but it didn't matter all that much if you were right or not. Also, say if the graders knew you and wanted you to vote, they'd let you. 
Oh you can suck on *my* Liberty Sausage.
Ohhh...he didn't have a 3rd grade graduation, he had a 6th or an 8th grade graduation. Hell my school only had one graduation ceremony after 12th...Therefore none of the answers are right
Nobody questioned your motives. We are questioning your empathy. 
But cheeto rhymes with Benito.
Oh I understand, Establishment Clause and all that. But localities are allowed greater liberty in enacting laws that prohibit stuff like alcohol on sundays. It's just that no one religion can be endorsed by the government. 
Yes. The government cannot endorse any one religion over the other. However, it does not have to pretend religion does not exist. 
Do they even have a standard for what constitutes a religion? Religious people seem very high and mighty about how special their religion is, but any lunatic in a cult is probably just as religious as they are. Why aren't they considered legitimate religious beliefs? 
No, you'd need start a gay church and then get tax exemption from the IRS, they are the body in our government that determines what is a religion and what isn't.After that you might get sued by someone refusing service but the IRS is where you'd have to start.
> Gays wouldn't want to support or be around them, would they?Most gays wouldn't want to support or be around terrible/discriminatory people who hate them, no, but a random Christian, they probably have no opinion on.
[deleted]
Long live the fighters of Muad`dib!
Psychedelic space jihad, yo.
When law and duty are one, united by religion, you never become fully conscious, fully aware of yourself. You are always a little less than an individual. - Frank Herbert 
Naw, I see the weakness of capitalism while acknowledging that it's necessary to some degree.
No i mean he didn't even see it. Like he told me I'm perfectly healthy, no reason i should be in back pain. 
That's great if you want to do that, I hope you continue.  And no one said anything about being beneath him.  Orthopedics, as all subspecialty training takes years, and no one else can do it.  Does it make sense to have the Orthopod fix the 90 year old's hip, clear him preop, manage his hypertension, diabetes, heart failure?  How many surgeries can he do?   70% as many?  Half?  When one if his patients has a heart attack, what's his defense when some doctor will gets on the stand, and says This shouldn't have happened.  How much training did you get in managing heart conditions?'. It's my sacred duty?   I did everything correct?  Everyone feels dumped on as a resident, and it's true, because it feels like socialized medicine.  Lots of work, no benefit, low pay.  But do you really want your mom's health managed by an Orthopod?  His arrhythmia managed by a surgeon?  Vfib, yes.  AVNRT with bystander accessory pathway?  Probably not.  Will you feel so confident about your skills in delivering babies in 5 years?  20 years?Does the artist painting a portrait also paint the hallway its in?  Because he's 'better' than a common painter, or the work is 'beneath him'?  No, because he's focuses on his specialty, and let's a room painter do the room.  The room painter has more experience, better tools, and will be more effective and quicker as well.
Thanks for the elaboration! The setting bones part makes sense. I was thinking about med school and I saw the applicants and graduates for the schools I was looking at was around 50/50 and actually had more females in some schools. It's good to hear another perspective, thanks again for humoring me. 
I'm not sure? I guess because that is a phrase I would most frequently hear from a woman, and usually a womans best friend is a female. I suppose that is why.I took French from 4 14 years old, I gotcha. :) 
No physician will ever have a perfect record
This is a smear job.  You think John Hopkins just let some hack come in and be chief, and lead a 70 physician surgical team?These cases are extremely difficult, and rare.  Why do you think they go to Hopkins, and make national news?  I imagine no one else would touch them.  Who has a better record at separating conjoined twins?  You have to look at his overall records, which I'm sure you did not.If he were a bad surgeon, I'm sure plenty of former patients would come out of the woodwork to say he was terrible.
You're like those idiots that say Brady will never be as great as Montana because he's lost in the Superbowl.Name me a better neurosurgeon without Googling it.That's what I thought.
Nope, [he definitely reads](http://www.gq.com/story/donald-trump-hitler-speeches-book).
Weird. In Brazil we do all of that, unless you are in a huge hospital, you take care of your patient from day he is in to out and the recuperation is in your ambulatory. Also your diagnosis. We can ask for a opinion or avaliation or to a colegue to co-assume the patient......but in the end we do the work. Only us know what are the effects of the surgery, risk of bleading (use blood thiners or not?), our bacterial flora etc...i think it might be a reflex of US having so much resorces that the doctors are more specialized and areas overlapses less. 
> No worries, your English is excellent. Better than a lot of American-born white people.> Last I checked virtually every American-born person speaks English well.  That's the nature of growing up in a country where over 90% of all text and speech is English and almost all schooling is exclusively in English.
>guns throw lead and they all do the same thing some faster than othersThis is both true and horrifically misleading. In a sense an air rifle and a 16 inch naval gun do 'the same thing', in the same way a firecracker and a nuclear weapon do the same thing. If all guns do the same thing, why do you need anything faster or more powerful than a pump-action 22. ?>Gun control should be associated with how well you can hold the gun on target while recoiling. So it doesn't matter if you're mentally ill, write for a paper that advocates violence against [insert racial/political/religious group here], keep your guns loaded in a place where children can easily find them, or generally pay no regard to the big 4 rules of handling firearms, so long as you have a tight grouping at the range? That seems at the very least like an overly simplistic standard.In Australia, where I live (and I don't own a gun so I'm not 100% sure on all of this), you must prove that you have a legitimate reason for owning a firearm (hunting, sport, self-defense is not considered a good reason) and belong to a gun club. You must also store your firearms in a safe, and ammunition in a separate safe. Many guns are of course not allowed for civilian ownership, and arguably the laws should be relaxed in certain areas, but there's really just not enough reason for it as far as most people are concerned. Would you be opposed to similar regulations? I'm not suggesting that America should adopt identical regulations because obviously the situation is somewhat different given the high level of gun ownership, among other reasons, but really my point is that sensible and even strict regulations don't have to involve taking everyone's guns *or* banning weapons or accessories for merely looking 'scary'. 
You don't think that some guns are more likely to be used by criminals than others?
Your response addresses nothing of what I said. I have no problem of you wanting to defend yourself. I never claimed they care about the well being. Know what works like a gun but doesn't accidentally go off and kill kids? A baseball bat. I assume you'll reply what if he had a gun? Then you let him take what he wants and thank god you have insurance after calling the police. Know what brandishing a gun does to a jumpy intruder who has a gun? Get you or your loved ones shot. This isn't Call of Duty.
Did you do the math on an obvious exaggeration
Yeah definitely expensive and I get that. But less expensive than a lifetime of minimum wage
That quote up above is about what happened *after* the ban was lifted.  
[You can't be serious.](http://www.nejm.org/doi/full/10.1056/NEJM199310073291506) 
It was meant to discourage the voters, too. Source? Uuuhhh we took this test in my AP US History class last year. But yeah it certainly was real, the full test was impossible, and I only got through maybe 20/30 questions in the allotted 10 minutes. It's absolutely diabolical. 
It's a personal attack nonetheless. It would be nice if the conversation would be rooted in policy rather than ad hominem
I believe they do have some sort of standard. I remember watching the Scientology doc on HBO and it was a huge win for them when they got tax exempt status as an official religion. I know zero about it but it took them a very long fight to get theirs and they're nuts. 
Random Christians don't hate gays.  Some may, but that is not because of their religion persay.  They say it does, but I'd say a lot more Christians have no issues with gays.  That said, if a Christian that does hate gays and wants nothing to do with them owns a business, why would a gay want to shop there and support their business?  That is in addition to my question of why should that shop keeper have to sell something to someone/anyone?  You don't have to shop where you don't want to, they should not have to sell to who they don't want to.  Just my opinion, and has nothing to do with gays, but if I don't like you, maybe cause your a jerk or you have bad breath, or any other reason, I should be able to tell you that you are not allowed to enter my store, be on my property, or buy my goods/services.
Fair enough, but experience does not necessarily mean good experience.  Personally I would consider her to be one of the dark stains on Obama's legacy.  I mean, it doesn't seem like the best idea to have the wife of your opposition working under you.  
Capitalism puts some (mostly the lazy) on top while the least paid members of society hold up the rest. This pyramid scheme opens the way for systematic oppression. There is no form of ethical consumption under capitalism. It's not necessary anymore and even if it was, furthering its existence is purely unethical. 
k :(
Well there was this guy:https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Paul_Broca
>i think it might be a reflex of US having so much resorces that the doctors are more specialized and areas overlapses less.QFT.
Don't listen to this guy,  it was obvious fairly quickly he was an arrogant surgical resident.  'You're not a real doctor unless you manage DVT's!'Any doctor can manage a DVT.  Specialists spend their time managing things only they can manage.  He probably doesn't change his own oil, or rotate his tires, or mow his own lawn.  What an idiot, he doesn't know how to do any of that!!Once you finish your training, and go out in the world, you'll have to show more responsibility and class, or you won't get many referrals.
Eh, you'd think so, but actual red-blooded 'Muricans make grammatical and spelling errors *all the time* as well as malapropisms, mondegreens, and hypercorrections.  Most Americans don't value education or study and instead think it's cool to rebel against school, do lots of drugs, and excel in physical activities such as football.  Not to mention that nobody reads anymore and everyone watches television instead.  I still remember my first day of undergrad when I showed up in America; literally **every single student** had a TV on their desk.  If it was a double room, there were 2 TVs in the room.  2 TVs in a tiny closet for a students who were paying tens of thousands of dollars to study and master an academic field of study!  I was the only one in my whole dorm who actually brought books to read, both for pleasure and for study.  I was never allowed to watch TV growing up... who could imagine such luxuries for a **student** who had a job to do!People who try to learn ESL are actually hungry and motivated to learn, usually so they can work with Americans for a better life than they already have in their home country.  They had to study and read English language materials to learn the language since they didn't grow up seeing and hearing it.  Already they place themselves out of the categories of 1. people who don't study and 2. people who don't read.Obviously there are plenty of smart, hard-working Americans.  But they are a minority and these were the American-born white people I was referring to in my original comment.  Just look at the last election...
Forcing people to store guns and ammo separately and in a safe removes all point in having a gun the first place (for many people): home defense.And yes, likelihood is near zero that you would have to use it, but I would also never expect a fire and yet keep a fire extinguisher.
Well you have a loose understanding of American gun culture. And since we are referring to guns I'm talking about those that are considered small arms caliber.50 or less. They all do the same thing chuck lead some goes 100 yards others fly for miles. Comparing a naval gun to a handgun really shows your lack of understanding. Naval guns fire small cars filled with high explosives. So with your comparison I'd say it shows your ignorance of the topic. Yeah mentally ill people shouldn't have guns nor should evil people. But in the States we have laws already for that. Sure the under diagnosed fall through the cracks. The thing is though guns are so prevalent here already that even if you are already explicitly banned from ownership the black market provides and in most cases better hardware for a better price. And all the safety of locking it up is a smart thing to do and most people do it. How to effectively enforce it without violating someone's privacy of their home is another thing. Which is perhaps the biggest reason why we have so many guns. To defend ourselves and our property from intruders and maintain that the government will not over step it's boundaries. Seems silly by today's standards but makes sense for the time, and the topic of changing the bill of rights is not up for discussion. 
The cheap accessable one will be used. Most guns used in crime the engagement distance is under a hundred yards damn near all of them are point and shoot kills. A Glock and a AR or 357 will all be lethal and super deadly no matter what. 
Er, what if he also has a baseball bat?  And what if you are a woman with only a baseball bat?  And what if killing you isn't what he wants from you?  Guns make everyone equal.  That's their purpose.  Even a three year old can take down a full grown adult with a gun.
And should be put kill switches in everyones neck because we could stop murderers and terrorists with total effectiveness? Rights are always more important that results.
But you can discourage voters with other questions too, I have seen a few examples of voting tests and we took them back in my highschool class.  They were nothing like this and usually had a more civics focus like 'what are the three branches of government' etc.  Because some people believed they were 'doing the right thing' and keeping out voters who did not know enough about government, or at least wanted to appear that way. It is really hard to have a widespread evil conspiracy where everyone knows how completely unfair something is without even the appearance of propriety at all - it is just begging for legal challenge.This sort of thing makes for a good story but it really makes so little sense to me and has some hallmarks of a forgery.  I looked around for a bit because I wanted it to be true but just can't find any confirmation.  Frankly I think the lesson here is don't believe everything your history class taught you.  There were completely unfair tests to stop black voters, absolutely true and never doubt that - but I sincerely doubt this was one of them.Edit: Please find any proof at all before randomly downvoting. This is /r/atheism after all - proof is a key component of belief and questioning something that has clear elements of possible fraud should be encouraged.
[deleted]
> Fair enough, but experience does not necessarily mean good experience.[Something you and Trump agree on](http://www.cnsnews.com/news/article/patrick-goodenough/trump-hillary-has-experience-its-bad-experience)
The issue is that our society demonizes Communism (which, for the record, is a nightmare to actually manage) and socialism. Socialism is the best answer, as it places restrictions on a system that naturally oppresses the poor; the fact that we have laws regulating businesses means we're already a socialist country, and it only made the powerful become craftier.
The laziest are not the wealthiest.  It takes a lot of work to run any sort of business let alone a multinational corporation. 
What would a better system be?
Let me get this straight. You're telling me that capitalism rewards the lazy? You're telling me that how you earn money in a capitalist society.....is by being lazy. This is honestly one of the stupidest things i've ever heard on this sight. Not ignorant. Not misguided. Just stupid. 
The lazy people are on the bottom with no money... What are you talking about?
Having a gun for self-defense makes more sense when there's a greater chance of an intruder having a firearm, hence my comment about not suggesting that America should adopt identical policies. I was making a broader point about what gun control can entail. It's also not totally irrelevant though that a firearm is far more dangerous than a fire extinguisher.
I'm actually well versed on American gun culture and am fairly knowledgeable of firearms and military weaponry in general, so you can give that condescension a rest. >They all do the same thing chuck lead some goes 100 yards others fly for miles. Comparing a naval gun to a handgun really shows your lack of understanding.You completely missed the point. I'm saying that your claim that 'they all do the same thing' displays your own ignorance.>Yeah mentally ill people shouldn't have guns nor should evil people. But in the States we have laws already for that.Eh, not quite. I mean let's just put aside how terrible your country is at dealing with mental health in the first place for a moment, you seem to be arguing that if the mentally ill can't purchase a gun legally then they'll simply resort to the black market. That's, ironically enough, insane. >The thing is though guns are so prevalent here already that even if you are already explicitly banned from ownership the black market provides and in most cases better hardware for a better price.And *that's a problem* wouldn't you say? The ease at which guns become available on the black market might have something to do with how easy it is to purchase guns legally in the first place. Dealing with the guns already on the black market is a separate issue.>And all the safety of locking it up is a smart thing to do and most people do it. How to effectively enforce it without violating someone's privacy of their home is another thing.And I suppose this is a difference born of treating gun ownership as a right. It should be a privilege. Perhaps you should have to prove ownership of an appropriate safe as a condition of purchasing a gun, either through a receipt or by inspection. You could even grant exemptions for certain circumstances.>maintain that the government will not over step it's boundaries--------->the topic of changing the bill of rights is not up for discussion. And here we hit one of the biggest problems. This idea that the 2nd amendment is what's standing between the average citizen and a tyrannical government is absurd. You've already got a government that's very much authoritarian, what use are your guns against that?  You're right, it is silly and outdated by today's standards because the world has changed quite a lot since these documents were written. 
So you agree then that something like a gun with a pistol grip is more likely to be used for the simple fact that it's easier to shoot someone with.Which btfo the meme that features of the gun are immaterial or irrelevant.
It doesn't make it equal in any way and giving a three year old a gun ends up with a dead three year old. Again what is this fantasy world you live in where everyone needs to be in fear of rapists breaking into their homes and raping them
This was back during be Jim Crow laws of the 1870s, after the Civil War, during Reconstruction. And yes I agree that there's a reason that this specific text is notorious; because it's the worst by far of a bad bunch of tests. But I'm certain it was used to anyone who can't prove a 5th grade education. 
Really? *double-checks*  Oh!  Oh, yeah, I see it now.  I must have misread something.  Thanks!
Hah.  Well, sort of?  I mean, obviously Chao is experienced, but an unacceptable portion of her experience consists of harming the lower classes for the benefits of the upper classes.  Trump was just saying that everything Clinton was involved in was a failure, which isn't true.
I don't know, maybe communism managed by Strong AI + full automation might do the trick :)
Social Capitalism seems like a good answer. I still don't trust private business with social services.
no extreme is the best answer. I will never understand why human always choose an extreme form of government.
Not when you hire people to do that. Why do you think CEOs still make millions? Because someone on top is making tens of millions while not working. Worse than that, both these groups are still taking advantage of other peoples' labor and value for their profits. It's immoral. If I generate a certain value through my labor, I should be entitled to most of that value. 
I'm not an economist but lately have really taken a liking to anarcho-syndicalism. Honestly though, anything is better than capitalism. 
Never heard of inheritance? What about a boss who does nothing and expects his workers to do everything for him, while he earns more than everyone else and does literally no work for it. 
Generally even the worst welfare users still hold a part time job of some sort. Even if they don't look at the Walton's. You think they ever stocked a shelf in their lives? Pushed carts? Cashiered? Unloaded a truck? They're just as lazy but living a hell of a lot better than those on the bottom. 
You're not an American stay out of our affairs. Look up Eric holder and fast and furious. The stupid fucks that run our law enforcement sold guns to criminals in Mexico. The government handed hundreds of guns to violent criminals. Why the fuck would I be OK with giving up my guns? I just feel sorry that you don't live here and enjoy the same rights that all people deserve. I'll tell you that the second amendment is not going anywhere. There are 265 million guns in USA owned by roughly 55 million people. That's as many armed Americans as the body count of ww2. I'm curious how do you think you will get 265million guns away from the public? You won't and it surly won't happen under trump. Hopefully he can  get American gun ownership up to 100 million people. Obama tried for years to pass gun laws. That didn't happen. In fact gun sales rose a lot. 
I think his point is a criminal is not going to spend the money on a pistol grip to commit a crime.Vast majority of gun violence is handgun and urban. Banning pistol grips on long guns does nothing to solve that. It is just feel good legislation.
How my hand wraps around the gun to hold it will make a very marginal difference. Ww2 had almost no pistol grips on their rifles they managed to shoot eachother no problem.  You want to make it harder for someone to kill ban sights and optics.  Can't hit what you can't aim at. Banning these things Is like banning cleats and cups from sports like football and soccer. Or ice skates for hockey. Even if you ban all guns from civilians, somebody will find great Gpas cavalry saber and they can slice and dice through  a crowd of people. Gun restrictions are stupid.
This test is by no means 'notorious'.  I was surprised because I had never seen it before and I was very interested in this period of history during my highschool years.  As I said I have seen and taken several tests and did not come across this one (granted, this was 20 years ago now).Does it not seem at all strange to you that this did not come up in my own search and was not taught during the 90s as a thing, and that the test has literally no provenance that I can find?  Is it wrong to simply doubt, here in r/atheism of all places?  I mean, just one look and you can tell this was made in a wordprocesser and isn't a copy of a 1964 era document.  That doesn't mean that someone didn't transcribe it, it MAY have existed, but as in all things, I look for evidence before I believe.
He's giving God up for Lent? I love it!
Though it's not written and is instead based on audiobook narration, [The Sagan Series](http://saganseries.com/) would be appropriate viewing. It's humanistic and secular, and this one in particular titled [A Reassuring Fable](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gCfemmxqaRg) is specifically about religion.If you want something written and fairly short (that is, not the length of a book) then I'd suggest Bertrand Russell's essay [Why I am Not a Christian](https://users.drew.edu/~jlenz/whynot.html).If your friend is pretending to be an atheist for Lent, it would be appropriate for him to understand some of the gripes and grievances some atheists have when it comes to religious belief. Greta Christina's [Atheists and Anger](http://gretachristina.typepad.com/greta_christinas_weblog/2007/10/atheists-and-an.html) blog post from about 10 years ago is a classic in this regard.
Not sure how you can *try* atheism seeing how beliefs are involuntary  you're either convinced of something or you're not.But if it's just reading atheist literature, then tell him to take a glance at this:https://www.amazon.com/Reasons-People-Give-Believing-God/dp/1591025672or http://www.kyroot.com/?p=8#jesusseminar
The God Delusion - Richard Dawkins.  Awesome book and gives some powerful arguments against belief.
Your headline looks like a creation of /r/SubredditSimulator.
Try sending him to some stuff by Ryan Bell, the guy who did A Year Without God
I would recommend Why There Is No God by Armin Navabi. It presents rebuttals to 20 common arguments for the existence of God. It's a short book; only 128 pages and the chapters are short too. It can be read in pretty much any order. Just pick an argument and read about it. It's a perfect book to keep in your bathroom. 
Send some Sam Harris stuff or have him listen to the Waking Up podcasts. They're long episodes, but I really enjoy them on my commutes.
STS-25, view launch, at 73 seconds that is Christianity in the internet age.
I don't know about reading but my favorite atheist youtube videos are Aronra, Faith is not a Virtue and The Damn Commandments and What we can Say we Know and do not KnowPeter Boghossian Pretending to Know Things we Don't KnowMr. Deity Objections/Response Part 1 and 2For laughsRicky Gervais, Noah and Richard Dawkins reads hate mail If he's interested in the Mythicist position try Ken Humphries. His videos are short and humorous but well researched. 
I love *Letter to a Christian Nation* by Sam Harris. Short book, really compelling points. 
Here's two:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LFQwsP0xdz8https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ogd-yh7orfo
Haha that's how far I've gotten away from Christianity that I forgot to phrase it as what he's giving up!
I think he just created some kind of paradox. The universe should be imploding any second now.
[removed]
Thank you, those all sound really interesting!!
Perhaps not the best bet for the crowd. Dawkins is great but he is a scientist writing a book about theism and he makes mistakes that some philosophers consider sophomoric. The Rob Bell crowd tends to be aware of some of its shortcomings.
Thank you for your comment. Unfortunately, your comment has been removed for the following reason:* Using stereotypical internet troll lingo or outright trolling, activities which are against the [rules](https://www.reddit.com/r/atheism/wiki/guidelines). Even if your intent is not to troll or shitpost, certain words and phrases are enough for removal. This rule is applied strictly and may lead to an immediate ban (temporary or permanent). If you wish to rephrase your point using regular English and not internet slang, then your comment can be reviewed and possibly restored.If you have any questions, [please feel free to message the mods](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=/r/atheism). Thank you.
You're most welcome. I love this idea of giving up God for Lent - I think people should do it more often. I remember being asked when I was younger if I was giving up something for Lent and my answer, jokingly, was religion. Some people didn't find that amusing.
You fellas are quick. Impressive.
I gave up Lent before I gave up religion. 
We do what we can.
I didn't know what Lent was until *after* I gave up religion :P
Because you must?
For the good of all of us.
Just learn to OBEY! Slaves, obey your masters.
Please explain what a telegram group is.
A messaging app called Telegram.
Can someone please provide more details?
https://www.quora.com/Is-Telegram-messenger-secure-Is-it-more-secure-than-WhatsApp
I understand encrypted messaging apps, it's the GROUP part I don't understand.
We made a group. As in group of people in a chat room.
hope they like butt sex , in prison!
