I'm 33 and getting my first dog in 2 weeks and I feel just like that little girl in the surprise puppy gif. I can not contain my excitement and will probably cry when we pick him up.
I sent like all of these to my girlfriend. Such good posts. Thank yog
They're all winners to me!
Wow, thanks for the recognition and gold :)
Saving this post for when I'm feeling down! <3
What a nice surprise! Thank you for the gold, and congrats to all the other winners!
Bless you
What's with the subreddit's new style by the way? 
Robbery! Pippa should of won best dog post :( the winner was more the cliche SQUEEE look how fluffy and tiny i am i have been bred for maxium cuteness kind of aww instead of genuine aww.  
And my?
This is the first and probably last subjective competition I 100% agree with 
congratulation all winner and go ahead, everybody.Please don't be upset anybody I hope you will be win next time.
Cats are nlmore nice than dogs I think.
Don't worry i get ya mate!
[deleted]
humans posts really, really don't belong here.
having a dog is the best ever. There is a lot of responsibility in being a pet owner, but it is SO MUCH FUN. Hope you will make many wonderful memories with your new dog!!
Did you get your pup? How's it going? 
How's your dog? Did you cry? 
I literally just sent all of these to my girlfriend, right before scrolling down to see your comment. 
Nope.
Of course they do! Says so in our sidebar. Why else would we have two baby pics in our banner? Feel free to unsubscribe if you really can't handle the cuteness.
Uhm, the winning one sure did! The most adorable thing ever.
Thanks! I've been an animal lover my whole life so this is a dream come true.
Got the pup! Going good. He's a willful child though. http://imgur.com/a/q0UkI
He's good! I did not cry, but he sure did, wondering why his before family left him with strangers, lol.http://imgur.com/a/q0UkI
and i was looking for stuff to send my gf and will after your comments.
oh really! i'm glad we recently redefined this sub to whatever the mods want this sub to be about rather than what users want...
no...just no. it's offtopic
My puppy finds every way to be naughty and make me angry.  wouldn't trade it for anything.
What kind of a puppy are you getting. Best wishes for,your life together
I have an Aussie. They truly are the very best dogs. Here's to a lifetime of love and companionship. 
Bye
Man, you are so ignorant that you can't see what Mod is trying to say. Just enjoy the cuteness where ever it is mate.
Australian Shepherd!! 
I so was so happy to read this thread just now and realise that when you said 2 weeks ago that you were getting a puppy in 2 weeks, that that meant you have puppy now! Even happier to check your post history and see little Voodoo! I wish you both a lifetime of good times and fuzzy snuggles.
> Australian Shepherd!!I hope you have a big yard and/or lots of time to run! It would also be handy if you have something for it to herd. It will want to do that. They're beautiful dogs but super high energy. Be prepared. 
Thanks! He's a character! I'll post pics periodically on r/WiggleButts :)
Yes we have 40 acres!! I like high energy dogs, dogs never seem to want to play with me as much as I do with them!
This is heckin good news
Congratulations /r/rarepuppers!If you know of a subreddit that would be good to be the /r/aww subreddit of the week, feel free to comment below.
haha vv honor :)
hECK
We did it,y fellow gud bois nd gurls!
Good boy
lots of good friendos there - heckin good job!
Translate rare puppers from Norwegian in google translate. Believe me. 
Best subreddit on here. Except for Detroitredwings 
[you're welcome, friendos](https://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/5qbn5b/comment/dcz6x5i?st=1Z141Z3&sh=25879f76) 
oh heck! 
Hooray for da bestest puppers and doggos doin' redditors a serve.
Just wondering whether this was unstickied by mistake?
feels gud
Subscribed, this is brilliant.
[removed]
[removed]
#***r/pigifs***---***Why does this exist?***I created this subreddit because of my weird addiction to pigifs. It had got to the point where I had too many to handle so I needed a place too store them. Reddit is the perfect place for the weird and wonderful.---***What is a pigif?**** [This](http://www.nerdist.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/03/PiGIF_1.gif) is not a pigif, this a gif,* [This](https://metrouk2.files.wordpress.com/2014/09/gbbo-gif-5-pie-lid-on.gif) is not a pigif, this is a pig pie gif* [THIS](https://i.imgur.com/mW82Z1s) is a pigif.One is boring, one is disgusting and one is awwdorable. **know your pigifs!**---[Kittens](http://gfycat.com/WarlikeIdenticalHumpbackwhale) or [puppies](http://i.imgur.com/9AsqsFj.gifv) not getting your aww boner going? How about [turtles](http://i.imgur.com/Ls21G2S.gifv) or [elephants](http://giant.gfycat.com/SleepyThisGreendarnerdragonfly.gif)? Still no? What about [crying children](http://i.imgur.com/6sz7O6F.gifv)? No?^^^what ^^^is ^^^wrong ^^^with ^^^youWell I've got you covered! I've got a wide range of adorable **pig** gif products available. From the aww inducing [sleeping pig](http://i.imgur.com/gyjSrwL.gifv) to the confusing [pig walkers](http://imgur.com/vf7pBVV.gifv). For all your oinking needs! Looking for [batman stroking a pig](https://media2.giphy.com/media/P2IERnBfObaBW/200.gif#34) or [parkour](https://media2.giphy.com/media/mYVpxVU9J0L0k/200.gif#49) pig? How about a [bathing pig](http://i.imgur.com/VETkCPW.gifv)? I've got them all! ---Some of our top pigifs:  [The morning treat](https://www.reddit.com/r/Pigifs/comments/5plqzp/getting_a_treat_in_the_morning/)[The imposter](https://www.reddit.com/r/Pigifs/comments/5plt7r/this_is_an_imposter_do_not_trust_if_he_tries_to/)[The Tidy pig](https://www.reddit.com/r/Pigifs/comments/5q9vmw/making_my_pig_roommate_straighten_up/)                              
r/fawns [Bribery donut](http://i.imgur.com/m5xgWus.jpg)
Is it okay to share your own subreddit? If so, I'd like to share /r/BadAtCat, it's pretty small right now but I think it's pretty great.
/r/Eyebleach - i mod it, yes, but EVERYTHING IS SO CUTE AND WE JUST REACHED 300,000 :):):):)
We did it, friendos!
vv G O O D B O Y E
/r/hawks
I think so.  It's back up for the time being.
I didn't know about this subreddit, but I gotta admit, this is a pretty darn convincing application for subreddit of the week.Except that you reposted my gif, thereby stealing my karma points, how dare yo uhttps://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/5qhk5m/piglet_throws_a_birthday_party/https://www.reddit.com/r/Pigifs/comments/5rmng7/piggos_do_a_birthday_bash/Looks like you owe me like 20 of those karmas you earned
Insta-subscribed
Haha, thanks for the bribe.  We'll feature you before too long, user I've never met before.
Obligatory bribery cat https://i.imgur.com/5DP7Zok.gifv
Obligatory bribery bleach: http://i.imgur.com/29cffiw.gifv
L O N G B O Y E
I shall begin paying off my debt immediately! heres 3 upvotes! is there any interest on the 20? 
Thanks, stranger!
Yes, it was a Payday Loan, so now you owe me 60
Whoever [this gif](https://www.reddit.com/r/thisismylifenow/comments/5r8k5t/2_pigs_walking_a_cat/) belongs to is gonna be pretty pissed
[Diver saves puffer fish from hook](http://i.imgur.com/gBPx1v9.gifv)
Was he just using a crab to cut the net? That's genius! 
This reminded me of a gif I saw earlier today where a whale was giving some of its fish to the nearby birds. It was swimming in a tank so when I saw it I thought aww that's so sweet he just wants to make friends. [But then he ate it](http://imgur.com/gallery/r6sS64A)./aww
You still owe me $20, that stuck in the net excuse wont fly anymore!!
Dolphins actually suck on puffer fish causing the puffer fish to release a deadly neurotoxin. However in small doses the neurotoxin induces euphoria causing the dolphins to get stoned.  Puffer fish are the reefer of the fish world. Wow two puns for the price on one! Yes.
Puffers are, without a doubt, fish with personality. Kind of like a curious puppies. Grouper can be the same but more sedate. For example, in Panama, at the science station where my son was doing research, they had a puffer in the tank outside. Whenever anyone would go close to the tank the little guy (or girl, not sure) would stick its mouth and eyes out of the water...staring directly at whoever was there. I saw this a few times and asked my son what's up with that fish? He replied he wants a sea urchin. We give him sea urchins and he loves them. So he's always begging. Wow 
Sitting on my computer watching a 2 hour John Romero interview when I could be doing something like this.
Don't talk to me or my son ever again ()>.<()
Wait isn't that dangerous?
And off they duly and promptly fucked, without so much as a Thank You. Ungrateful bastards.  
I liked how he started to depuff as he left. 
Aww, puffer fish moral support. I love it!
OK we outta here
Fish deserve rights
I was fly-fishing in Montana in 1985 along a highway(many highways run side by side with rivers) when a Magpie got hit by car and killed. It landed in middle of road and another flew out and dragged it to the side of the road. To no avail because it was already dead. :,,(
That dude deserves a beer 
Are puffer fish poisonous?
Or he's just being a huge asshole like, ah haha, Joe got stuck in the net! You're such a dumb ass! What kind of retard gets stuck? You literally had the entire rest of the ocean! 
Are fishactually able to have friends? I don't know a lot about them but I've always been told they're notintelligent creatures. I'm really curious now.
I like how we like to humanize animals every chance we get.Ah look they're friends! Yeah right. It's probably more like - Yo fish! This is my territory! Get the heck out! Unless you're mating or giving me something get your butt out of here! 
Animals 100 percent have a certain intuition when people are trying to help 
Cuties
Friend? Little man is probably saying: Better not cut my wife, amigo!
Awesome bro
Crazy! I was watching Finding Dory with my daughter. I watched this as the scene where Dory is saved by the Sigourney Weaver foundation from the six pack holder was on.
lol is he using a broken bottle `-` 
But people say fish have no feelings yea right
thanks asshole, waving your pointless stupid sharp thing around. C'mon Larry, let's go see if anything else can free us. Told you this guy was a hack.
Aw the puffer fish is puffy because he's upset. :(
Hope he picked up the net and disposed of it, then he's really my hero!
Look at me, don't look at the human. Look at *me*, not the human.
haha what a loser. You're gonna die here you bitch. I hope you burn in hel.. Oh wait mike, mike I was just kidding... 
BE FREE! :D
aren't these extremely venomous? or is it only if you eat them?
Too bad it wasn't Flo!
When I was scuba diving years ago another diver caught a lionfish on his spear. Immediately he was surrounded by other fish that were nearby. He took some clippers out and cut the poisonous spines off. As soon as he pulled it off the spear the other fish went to town on the carcass. I don't know anything about pufferfish. Do they cannibalize? Are they immune to the poison? Just the way that other puffer is hanging around reminded me of that. 
That's because puffer fish's are known to eat each other
i wish i ever had a friend that loyal. 
is this dangerous for the man? aren't those fish poisonous if they, like, blow? is he risking his life here? p noble 
Love this
1. Aren't those poisonous AF2. And he's naked3. What's going through his heart?4. Dam, good for the guy, but that's super dangerous no?
Oh, FUCK THAT
I've played enough Donkey Kong to know that this guy just barely got out of there alive 
Mark, if you tel anyone about this...But it was so funny...MARK!Yeah, okay  
Where is this place? It seems magical. I would love to just spend days exploring the bottom. 
Wow what an ass, doesn't even say thanks.
Puffer fish are very smart as fish go. One of the smallest ones (the name I forget) can even recognize people as a source of food when kept in aquariums. My friend keeps a large aquarium in his living room and whenever someone walks in the puffer fish in it will come out of hiding and head to the upper corner where he puts in food and patrol that little spot.
Reminds me of the time a few friends and I saved a nurse shark in a similar situation.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dQkce5l6Csw
I'm always fascinated by the ocean.
He should've chewed on le puffer fish to get to an [8]
TIL puffer fish are pretty big little fuckers. 
High-speed getaway.
Bros being bros, squared.
r/animalsbeingbros
Don't leave me bro!I got you bro!DONT LEAVE ME MAN!I'm staying right here!DOOOONT LEEEAAAVE MEERHGI'm not-Okay I'm good. Let's go.
Those two puffer fish are likely having a complex conversation in a bunch of clicking sounds.like.. Bro I'm okay. He's not hurting me. Just chill a minute.Nope. He's still not hurting me. He might be helping. Ok. We good.. Peace
Puffer fish are really weird. I remember back when I was snorkeling in Maui, we came across a pair of puffer fish doing some sort of mating dance. The male followed us for about 200meters, he was pretty pissed we were watching him get it on!
Surely the American one would've had a friend that loyal. is this dangerous for the lulz, or they are actually hungry.
r/humansbeingbros
humans are so full of shit.  people pay tons to eat those fishies by the forkful.  beans beans the musical fruit.  
Puffer fish are so cute but deadly af <3
I love how it de-puffs as it swims away. 
Man this always makes me think of all the nets and garbage these poor animals probably died from with no one able to save them, heart breaking.Glad this guy was there!
Saw this while listening to  **If you need a friend (call me) call me uh huh(call me) if you need a friend (call me) ...**Bill Withers - Lean On Me 
Guess that Puffer fish is more of...A Cuddle Fish...(_)( _)>- (_)YEEEEEEEEEAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
Is that what the fish was doing? Was he all like, oh fuck Charlie, I'm right here man. It's gunna be just fine man, this little pale virgin will rescue you
How could you possibly know the fish is friends with that man?
When you start diving and interacting with fish in their world, it is difficult to see them as the lesser species most accept them as. I've played fetch with a 50 lb. grouper. I've had a school of 200 lb. tuna swim around me like a flock of massive torpedoes where you can feel the wake of their passing. I still eat everything, but I don't hold onto the illusion that eating an octopus is any different than eating a pig. 
Live together, die alone
Don't think getting caught is gonna save you from me
I play video games for a hobby...
Their fins are so cute wagging like they're happy. 
I don't get it...
At least one puffer species creates, not unlike the Bower bird, an elaborate design to attract mates. This implies to me that this species chooses mates on the basis of intelligence. The Bower bird indeed is an exceptionally intelligent bird.
I get so happy seeing humans helping out helpless creatures. Of course the helpless creatures are usually in harm's way *because* of humans in these videos, but whatever.
Are Puffer fish poisonous?
r/humansbeingbros
So far my no eating cute things diet has allowed me to eat delicious fish. I resent you threatening that.
/r/animalsbeingbros
I hope the dolphins don't get them; they say chewing on them is a good high...
It's ok to eat fish, cause they don't have any feelings, uuh alright Mr Cobain but 
/r/HumansBeingBros
That was AWESOME. Its these posts that make my day
Never thought I'd be so happy for a lovely puffer fish couple. 
/r/natureisfuckinglit
McGarnacle!
I love how you can see it relax as it realizes it's just been freed from it's death trap and begins to shrink. I wonder if it knew that the creature (human) was the acting reason for their rescue.
Just keep swimming
That's so cute 
These guys always have such amazing personalities
link to /r/natureisfuckinglit
They aren't friends.
Puffer fish are so cute :3
Well that's pretty damn traumatizing 
that dude stole my piercing! it was so badass! - the puffer fish, probably. 
/r/humansbeingbros
Thank you
His hair stays oddly well kempt for being underwater.
i love at the end when it just swims away, off to do whatever puffer fish do in the ocean
happy little puffer fish
That divers watch though.
I picture the fish got eaten 5 seconds later by some bigger fish.
Fun fact, a lot of fish can actually get hooks out by themselves
Isn't it dangerous to handle pufferfish like that since they have venomous spines?
http://imgur.com/v3ENUao.gifv
I wonder how badly wounds feel to hurt fish since they live in saltwater
He didn't even thank him...
How does his hair stay like that underwater?
anyone else bending their phone?yeah, me neither. 
I think that he was using a broken glass bottle. Still Macguyver status!
Nature's scissors!
Real life macguyver here!
But was he also barefoot about 2 feet away from a massive sea urchin?
oh yeah, I remember reading an article about that once. Turns out, not only did one orca figure out how to set this kind of trap, but that whale started *teaching* other whales how to do the same thing.
/r/natureismetal
Pretty sure the puffer is just waiting to start kicking the other ones ass.  soon as you're out of that net your ass is mine, greg!
nature is so rad
Shows the cunning and ruthlessness they have.  It shouldn't be a surprise how they can turn on their trainers.
The way the whale has its mouth slightly open makes it look like its smiling innocently.  Like: *come on birdie,  come on... its fine..  --oooh you want that fish, don't you?  It's TOTALLY okay, just a little closer..  and...*  [**CRUNCH**].
Clever girl...
edit: nvm I'm an idiot
20 dollars bucks
Damnit, Steve, I said I would pay you back next week
> Puffer fish are the reefer of the fish world:o
Woah
I know you planned that, but I like it enough that I'll let it slide. Take my upvote
I don't know... I feel like you're just blowing smoke now 
Would a human get a similar effect?
pupper fish 
Smithsonian Tropical Research Institute?
Aww that's adorable 
Read Masters of Doom if you haven't already
Were is that overused meme from?
Only if you eat them. 
Only some are dangerous, and that is only if they a) die, and b) you eat them, or c) let them decompose in a still body of water and just sit in the toxins.  Beyond that, they aren't really that dangerous. Their 'mouths' are more like beaks though, and can hurt if they bite you. They're incredibly smart though, and have individual personalities. My one always greats me when I walk up to the tank, sometimes even spitting water at me if hes hungry. I teased a dogfish puffer I had once with food, and it went and sat in the corner of my tank until I dropped the food right in front of it. 
Hell Yes! He's barefoot and there is a sea urchin about 3 feet away if you watch till the end!
Are you thinking of stone fish? https://www.google.com.au/search?ie=UTF-8&client=ms-android-telstra-au&source=android-browser&q=stone+fish&gfe_rd=cr&ei=UMGfWKawH8bN8gfR67P4Ag
Magpies are f'ing smart though. 
I am a Montana native, and I can attest to the social-intelligence Magpies have.Damn they are annoying though. 
only if you eat them, they have to be prepared by a chef with a license to do so, or else the person will die really fast from the poison. Its a delicacy in places like japan, and it apparently is very good but many people are too afraid to try it obviously because of the poison.
In the human sense?  No, not really, they aren't humans and they aren't social animals in the sense that we usually use the label.  
Some fish are rather personable, including puffers. I raised small puffers and they were very social with each other and with humans, would follow you around, learn tricks to get snails to munch on, etc.  They can at least partner with each other and enjoy it, if not what we really consider friends.
They might be mates. You can't tell the sex of a pufferfish visually (except for dwarf puffers and Guinea Fowl puffers)
Since when are social relationships an exclusively human trait? We observe them in animals every day.  I wouldn't call it humanizing.
Especially if it's their mate
They're poisonous, not venomous. Meaning they're safe to touch, but not to eat. You might be thinking of lionfish or stonefish, both of which are venomous!
Puffers aren't big piscivores. They really prefer invertebrates. I'm not sure if they are all immune to tetrodotoxin or not, but they prefer live, non-fish food anyway.
They are poisonous, but internally. Perfectly safe to handle (minus the mouth)
1) Yes, very2) I don't judge3) Blood?4) Not really. Puffers can't inject tetrodotoxin. They can bite, though.
Downvoted for telling morons to stop anthropomorphizing everything.  Ah well, that's Reddit for you. 
[until it bites you](https://youtu.be/jX5_iB-tM1Q?t=2m4s)
The cool thing is. you can get mini versions as aquarium fish!
As someone that use to own a figure 8 puffer. I agree. 
Those are cute!! 
you're cute
Yeah it made me cry. When it swam off it looked like it was in pain. 
His mom will be happy
Such a satisfying conclusion! 
We North Americans fixed that word for you guys awhile ago...we call it 'kept' since this saves us one letter when we type. 
Fun fact that has been made up to make you feel better.
They don't have venomous spines
Many pufferfish aren't venomous. some species are, but there's a good chance the diver was aware of whether it was a venomous one or not. Some of them only have venomous livers as well, meaning you only get poisoned if you eat it.
Glass bottle is significantly less than macguyver status. Maybe mcgruber tho
[It's a living.](https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/564x/95/01/e3/9501e30786572e5af4cae0bec4c2bfd2.jpg)
That's a relief. For a minute there I was worried that story wasn't going to get any more disturbing.
Ocean wolves as smart as apes.
If it could figure out how to keep the fish inside the bird, that's primitive culinary arts
Orcas are Dolphins. 
Psst, an orca is a species of dolphin and dolphins are toothed whales
Here's the thing. You said a killer whale is a whale.Is it in the same family? Yes. No one's arguing that.As someone who is a scientist who studies orcas, I am telling you, specifically, in science, no one calls killer whales 'whales'. If you want to be specific like you said, then you shouldn't either. They're not the same thing.If you're saying whale family you're referring to the taxonomic grouping of Cetacea, which includes things from blue whales to dolphins to narwhals.So your reasoning for calling a killer whale a whale is because random people call the black and white ones whales? Let's get spotted dolphins in there, then, too.Also, calling someone a human or an ape? It's not one or the other, that's not how taxonomy works. They're both. A killer whale is an orca and a member of the Orcinus family. But that's not what you said. You said a killer whale is a whale, which is not true unless you're okay with calling all members of the orca family whales, which means you'd call dolphins and porpoises, too. Which you said you don't.It's okay to just admit you're wrong, you know?    ^edit: ^aw ^come ^on ^man ^you ^killed ^my ^unidan ^bit ^by ^editing ^your ^comment...
fixed
Ooooooooh Aaaaaaaaaah
Yes. :-) how did you know? 
Seconded! Absolutely great book.
You're moms
Oh ok. I thought they were poisonous if they inflated while alive too. Thanks!
Even then, the poison isn't really contained throughout the whole fish.  With proper preparation (like not cutting the liver) they are actually quite delicious.  I ate one last week.  Expensive though, which I suppose is fine when you are putting your life in your chef's hands.  
They're fan-fugu-tastic.
Yeah. It is so damn sad when fishing off the beach and you catch a puffer. The stupid thing doesn't inflate until it hits the air, then it is all puffed with air and can't seem to expel it. I try to let it go but it just floats like a ball and blows out to sea :(
It's pretty good, and gives you a bit of a tingly sensation in your mouth from trace amounts of the poison.  Nobody really gets hurt here in Japan from eating them, except the morons who try to cook it themselves after catching it.  
What? Venomous means it has to be injected or in the blood.
'preciate it
The exaggerated sound effects on these nature shows are fucking hilarious.. every time the poofy fish chomps his jaws, it sounds like a dang tiger is snipping at you.
My dad and I were fishing in Hawaii and caught a decent sized puffer. We had no idea that they had such crazy teeth and such a strong bite force (we're mainly fresh water fishermen). The teeth were very well hidden, and just looking at it, we would have guessed you could 'thumb' it just like you would a fresh water bass. Luckily, we used our better judgment and opted to use pliers to remove the hook rather than with our fingers. I'll never forget the sound of those teeth smashing against the steel pliers, and I'll never forget the silent look my dad and I shared at how close we were to losing a finger. Ocean creatures, you scary.
Puffer bites aren't that bad. The one in that video is in the Tetraodon genus, and unless they are really big they can only take out little triangles of flesh. They aren't really great at biting though human sized bones.The one in the OP and the hook video is a Diodon. Their beaks aren't as sharp and are more for crushing. They vary in size pretty wildly and the big ones can break fingers, but most of the time they just bruise you.Source: been bitten by my puffersEdit: If you are scared of fish bites, triggerfish are much more worrisome. They are a lot less friendly and have waaaaaay nastier teeth. I've had to fight off an extremely territorial Titan trigger who ended up tearing up one of my fins.
That's a Nopefish, from Fuckthatistan, often found into the nofuckingway river.
PIRANHA LIKE
Man, River Monsters can't come back soon enough.  That goes for Wild Things with Dominic Monaghan as well.
Jeremy Wade is a man named to fish. 
That show is so bad. It basically says all animals are out to kill you  
I hate when a fish takes my hook. Always feel bad about it. Gutted many a fish with a hook in its stomach 
Don't feel so bad having eaten one now. Wasn't very good tho. 
That will most likely kill anything else in your aquarium.
Yeah, those barbs are no joke. :(
I meant those sharp things on their skin :(
Idk McGruber made a fucking movie with a sequel in the works and MacGuyvet had a failed tv reboot.I'd rather be McGruber
10 seconds Macgruber!
Take Kelly. A dolphin who sadly lives in a research centre in the US, she has been trained to keep her tank clean. Every time she brings a piece of litter to her trainer, she is rewarded with a fish. So shes built upon the idea. Now, when she finds a piece of paper, she wedges it under a stone, and tears off individual pieces, which she brings to the surface one at a time. Thus, a single piece of litter earns her several fish. Shes also noticed that gulls come to her tank, hungry for fish. So she uses one of her fish as bait, catches the unwary birds, and presents them to her trainers for even more food. She has not only created these remarkable strategies by herself, but shes even passed them on to her calf.http://uk.whales.org/whales-and-dolphins/brain-power
You take a highly intelligent creature and lock it in a small tank 24/7 with a few of his bros, and shit is going to get crazy.  My only real question is if they are doing it for the lulz, or they are actually hungry.  
I've just looked this up and it appears you're correct - but then what was with the movement like 10 years ago to call them orcas instead of killer whales because 'they're not whales'? Or the thing that always goes around that says that 'they're supposed to be called whale killers because they're not whales but the words got flipped around', where did all that crap come from?edit: ok I have concluded that the confusion is from both 'whales' and 'dolphins' being informal groupings of Cetacea and one usually excludes the other in common parlance. I suppose it depends on who you talk to. Semantics are weird.
Is any whale that kills not a killer whale?A lot of people don't like the nickname because it creates a negative impression that can hurt conservation efforts. Kind of like if someone came up to you and said The jackass penguin has become endangered you might say good. they sound like jerks.
Yeah but I think it puts a lot of stress on them and so they can only do it so many times in their lives. Unless they've been dealing with a student that is so stupid that their body is used to the stress. Then they can blow up quite often.
Some species have toxins on their skin as well.
Pff it can't be *that* hard\*sets microwave for 1.5 minutes*
That's what he said.
IDFK, Google it? 
[relevant](https://imgur.com/94LyLm1.jpeg)
In Planet Blue they have laser sounds for bioluminescent fish in the depths of the oceans. 
Is that not its actual bite sound? I'm pretty sure it is.
I especially liked the cuts to the re-enactment of a man being brutally eviscerated in the water - are we supposed to assume he's being attacked by one really angry pufferfish?
chomp. chomp chomp.
It actually sounds like they used the sound of a camera shutter.
That just means the person mixing the Foley sounds did a shitty job...
Haha yees, it reminds me of this... except not for comedic effect.https://youtu.be/vL8Dz4mGv1g?t=1m22s
[Damn nature, you scary!](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=Ge4oufdIOMc)
Googled trigger fish teeth. Those are some gnarly chompers.http://kenjonesfishing.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/10/Trigger.fish_.teeth_.jpg
Confirmed you are a fish.
Triggerfish are the worst. I work at an aquarium and we have divers who dive a couple days a week in our shark tank. Any of our divers will tell you it's not the sharks they're worried about- it's the triggers
There are cute little freshwater ones. Dwarf puffers eat snails and they're the [cutest things ever](https://youtu.be/6o1fw9jtRNc?t=22s). But still best in a species tank, but not impossible to keep with other fish if you have a very consistent source of snails!
Thats why you make it a solo tank.
Most of the puffers I've owned have been pretty docile. My meanest fish are angels and wrasses.
Just tell me what you want me to fuck!
That reboot was NOT true MacGyver, and I'm glad it failed.
I disagree, I really like the new Macgyver and there are still new episodes so it's hardly failed.
sadly
That was a great article!
I read this in Rod Sterling's voice, as an intro to an episode of Twilight Zone, until I noticed the link at the bottom...
This is a perfect example of why our performance plans at work don't have the intended effects.
Are you sure they weren't petitioning to change because of the killer part and not the whale part? 
I think the main thing was to get away from the killer aspect of it.  40+ years ago, ocras being named killer whales because people thought that they would hunt down and eat humans given the chance and if you saw one, you should shoot and kill it to protect your life (wolves of the sea and what not).  But then everyone started to go to Sea World and fell in love with them and thing they are smartest, coolest, and most cuddly creature of the sea!So lets not give them bad rap name of killer whale and start calling them orcas which would be a better common name due to its relation to the scientific name of the species.Add onto that people wanting to push up their glasses and technically correct people letting them know that they are actually dolphins and not whales despite their size difference assuming most peoples idea of a whale is something like the blue whale or humpback whale and that of a dolphin is like Flipper, a bottlenose dolphin.  But in reality not all whales are dolphins, but all dolphins are whales since a whale is more a general term for all cetaceans which include your baleen whales and your toothed whales.TL;DR - Orcas are cool and we don't want them to be associated as a killer anything.  Even though they are technically a dolphin which is technically a whale.Edit: Try looking to the Killer Whale episode of Sea Hunt to get an idea of general public thoughts on orcas at the time.
when in reality, the dolphins are the real jerks of the sea... why do you think they are usually in species specific habitats
Can't tell whether you're talking about /u/that_one_student or Spongebob
https://youtu.be/N-v51CQXx2Q
Slime coat tho
Famous last words
But he said they are poisonous not venomous. It is safe to touch venom.
hilariously accurate
In those dumbass true TV fight videos where an arm only punch has Mike Tysons Knockout sound effects. 
so incredibly true, and why i can't watch american documentaries anymore... i have adhd but even to me thats just ridiculous, who has this short an attention span?!
That's honestly dead on. Perfectly 
3 minutes? Surely the American one would've had a commercial break in that time.
To be fair, it's not like British documentaries do not have sound effects added onto footage. With a lot of the footage, collecting high quality sound of the event is nigh on impossible, especially if you're dealing with long distance, or underwater shots. And yet somehow you have sounds of ruffling feathers, rock climbing, and chewing? No, there's definitely enhanced sound effects, it's just more subtle. And even then, sometimes only marginally so.
Everyone is saying this is accurate, but a lot of Attenborough's stuff does the same shit. Micro Monsters, for example, is very similar to that post (naming the animals shown in each scene, tons of ridiculous sound effects, hyperbolic language). Even documentaries like Planet Earth 2 suffer from unneeded and obviously fake sound effects.
Well that sounds great, until you find out that the BBC openly admits that they stage many of the situations and use a sound stage.  How else do you think they get perfect slow-mo shots in high definition?
I couldn't hear laser sounds in my head so I'm picturing a cuttlefish gently turning colors to the sound of dance music air horns blowing. 
I did what you see there!
He looks British
Are you playing a tuba to your puffer fish eating a snail?  If so, I like your style.  
but can they puff??? it's cute af but if it were all puffy :3 :3
I'm talking about the fresh water ones. Never had a puffer, but many guides for puffer tell that they tend to kill other thingis (so not only fish :) )
> freshwater onesBrackish?
Indeed.
Or you can just get the ones that don't go after other fish/inverts and stay relatively small.I have a big reef tank with two puffers. They don't even bat an eye towards my fish, inverts, or corals. 
Shut your butt!
Yeah whales.org is a very bias site and I would take most of the info/stories on there with a grain of salt.
yeah i mean if it's a legit research center, i mean....we can't free *all* the dolphins. We need some for research so we can help them and try to talk with them and prevent a future dolphpocalypse
SpongeBob. Idk who that user is.
It's not safe to touch something that can sting you, though. An anemone is venomous, as is a stinging nettle. A pufferfish is not because it can't sting you.Note that some venomous things are safe to touch because they may bite, for instance. Maybe I could have been clearer.
Pufferfish spines aren't very sharp and don't have stingers, they are just there to maximize surface area.Puffers can't inject. 
Dith is true
Remember when Animal Planet was for people who liked animals?
This is why you should watch the Nature documentaries and anything made by Ken Burns. These are consistently great and much closer to Attenborough-type documentaries.
o snap
With a two minute recap on what happened before the commercial break.
On screen advertising during the show to minimize interruption.
They're perfect for the context, though. Leaves rustling when an animal is running in the forest makes more sense than KAPOW sound effects.
Yeah and the dramatic sub plots,
I loved Planet Earth 2 but those sound effects made me want to set shit on fire.
U wot m8
http://i.imgur.com/Z7Uvfe4.jpg
I'm British, this fish has better teeth than me.
Not my video, but I liked it enough to share :)
They puff when they're stressed or scared so, not cute
They are highly stressed when puffed.
They can but it's hard to tell when they are.
Ah, I assumed you were talking about saltwater puffers, which tend to get big and aggressive. I don't know a lot about the other freshwater puffers, I didn't get that much into keeping large freshwater fish!
Some are brackish, yes, but the dwarf puffers are freshwater. I was mostly saying freshwater in contrast to saltwater puffers (Like the one in the OP)
Noted.  I was actually just looking for a smart dolphin reference.  Was told a story about a dolphin who was more fat than his tank mates, he was using his food to fish for more food since his tank actually was open to the ocean.  Couldn't find the story online though.
The guy you responded to...
Abthalutely
Dith ith true
>Dith ith twoo 
like... 1999?
My mom used to leave for work at 5:30 AM, so I'd spend a couple hours every morning watching nature documentaries on Animal Planet before I had to leave for the bus.I really miss the old Animal Planet.
ah, yeah burns is not bad at all.these days i tend to just watch nature... you know... outside...
Of course the kapow sound effects are ridiculous, but the enhanced chewing in the video *is* relevant, if a little *too* enhanced.
can't say i'm surprised but i didn't know that
Yeah, my job is to teach children about dolphins on a daily basis so I am always googling dolphin stuff and whale.org is almost always near the top of the list.A lot of the stuff they put on there as facts are most certainly not, but the site is done very well and looks like it would be a great source of info particularly for being .org which makes it look even more official.
Lol oh
This is a major problem I have with most 'eco-activist'/'animal humanitarian' websites/propaganda.They are willing to tell blatant lies to further their cause, which makes them just as bad and untrustworthy imo.
At one point he lets go and the dog is still stuck to him like glue. 
Don't look down, don't look down, don't look down.
Is this the same boy?: http://i.imgur.com/jA5OsrA.gifv
God I really need a dog like this. 
When you are afraid of heights so you don't make eye contact with it.
Goose you stud, take me to bed or lose me forever!
He has his nose up in the air as if to say to the cameraman, Yeah, bitch.  I get carried up.  You're nothing compared to me.  I'm the goodest boy.
the owner's nice ass though.. :)
Then he points to go back down. What a monster.
[As they get older you need to keep up your strength.] (https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/51tGF8swMsL._SY334_BO1,204,203,200_.jpg)
My very own human stairlift, indubitably.
Those stair must of been too ruff for his paws
Thanks Dad - Had one too many.
He looks less than comfortable. 
Is there a sub for good boys like this?
It's like the ending from those prank videos, where he points out that there is a camera recording the him 
Do what you will
Those rapid tail twitches got me. He's so happy but doesn't want to over-commit.
Too cute 
If that guy is single, I call dibs.
Oh I love dogs 
Its the grate on those steps. Need to cover them up.
Love that golden moment - thanks for sharing!
Goodest is not a word. Let's at least pretend we made it past preliminary school when posting. 
Dog's owner here: sometimes I don't even need to hold him with my hands! He is a very good dog.
He makes that silly face everytime I pick him up.
Nope different very good doggy.
Gotta love goldens and their glorious leg floof
I really need an owner like this.
Grew up with Goldens. They are the best. 
Me too. Adopt
If you really need a hug, shouldn't you get yourself a human? Dog isn't hugging, it's clinging on because it doesn't want to fall down.
Thanks!
Aww, I thought he was saying, Look how far we've come! 
I thought he was pointing to the camera for the doggo to say hi?
/r/doggos
/r/goldenretrievers 
r/rarepuppers 
I swear our female Golden would ride around all day in a Baby Bjorn if we had one and let her!
Are those stairs particularly steep for him, or does he simply not desire to go up them himself?
They are the best :)
Sheds like a motherfucker though.
I have a 5 lbs morkie, and we have a dog version of a baby bjorn for her. Will say, she loves it. Also, you can basically get her in anywhere with it
There is a lot of hair with this pooch for sure.
[Fur sure](https://m.popkey.co/f40873/8MWK0.gif)
My cat Seamus used to do this for me. No matter what weird ass time I crawled home from work he would run up and dart under the covers with me. He never let me sleep alone. 
I want to be a person worthy of a dog's love.
My puppy will start licking me when he wants me to get up. It's cute but mildly annoying when you are sleep deprived.
Oh man you should get black out blinds. One of the best investments I made for my boyfriend who worked third shift for years. 
My pup does this too. As soon as i get home from 3rd shift, he wakes up and gets super excited, we snuggle for a bit, then we both go to bed. 
Dogs are the best people.
Incomplete title. You missed the part about giving your human a back massage. And the part where you exploit your human for Reddit karma.
My dog does this with my family. When I have her at night she sleeps with me. Then when mom gets home she sleeps with mom. After mom wakes up she naps on the couch with whoever is asleep. Then that night back with me. She's seriously the sweetest!
This is me with my 3rd shift job.  My husky is great at my differing sleep schedules.  We don't deserve dogs :)
I mean I love my dog, but you best believe after the 15-20 minutes where he is 100% sure I've left and am never coming back he is fast asleep in my warm bed any time of day. 
My old puppers. Rip. Would always sleep with his butt near my face. Constantly watching the door for intruders. Never left my side.
I have two. They fight with each other and I'm shhh shhh shh, stop. They finally settle down. One by my head and one by my feet.But every fucking day? Cmon on now. I love you guys. But I really just want to sleep. They pretend to sleep, which is good enough for me.
My dog does this too. I let him out of his crate take him for a walk let him get some water while I'm feeding my birds then feed him and he is always the first in bed
I want a dog. Now I'm sad that I don't have a dog.
things like this make me wanna get a doggo.
My cats do this for my boyfriend. They'll sleep with me all night then he'll come home around 3am. They'll wake up to hangout with him sometimes but they always go back to bed with him after I leave for work.
I'd love to know how you took this picture. Do you have a camera on a tripod taking pictures at regular intervals? Are you the person in the picture's SO or flatmate? Assuming it's the latter since that seems more likely, did you just wait with the camera in the exact sane place until your dog fell asleep?
My puppy does this too! She won't even bother me to go out until I've gotten up. 
Dammit!! Now I want a dog. 
Now this is what I have to think about when someone says legs for days. Dear god. 
I don't know, im skeptical that dog knows how to post to reddit
What breed is that dog
I'd be kinda pissed if somebody took a picture of me while I'm sleeping and put it up on the internet. 
What a grin!
This is so sweet. Goals!
Puppers hasn't grown into his full size doggo paws yet :)
Dogs are the best
My dog goes back to bed every morning no matter what...
Wow check out the guns!
This is 100% my dog! Looks identical but about 80lbs smaller lol. His name is Odin, he is ma pup.
That doggo arm cross. 
That was my dog too 
Now that's a good dog
My cat is always waiting for me at the door and sleeps on the pillow next to me. She just happens to wake me a little bit earlier than I want, but she's definitely a great snuggle buddy. 
My dog is amazing. I work days and my girlfriend works nights. She sleeps all night with me, gets up for the hour and a half my girlfriend and I are home then goes back to get and sleeps all day with her. 
The fact you can see the smile on the humans face in the second pic, makes it all the better.
That is a good dog.
 Pretty good AWW shot. ( Thanks for your Love.) ( Nah, thanks for YOUR Love.) Sleep ensues and they both sleep deeply and wonderfully.
I was sad and depressed for a long time. It strained my relationship with my parents greatly. But then I got my boy Archer a little over a year ago and I can't believe I went 31 years without a dog. My parents now stop by on a regular basis to see Archer and I or let him out while I'm away. Dogs are the best and I thank my little guy (60 lbs) everyday for making me smile. So happy for OP. 
My Rosco does this with meHe sleeps so damn much
So this is what heaven feels like !
My dog does this doesn't it?
But it's morning
They could have taken the picture while the dog was sleeping and then woke it up and reversed the pictures to make it look cuter
Nap all day, sleep all night?  Oh, your poor doggo.  :P
my dog used to do this when I came off nights, she was always down for a nap. 
My dog did that when I worked nights. She'd sleep with my wife all night then with me all day. I think sometimes she'd have to poo and hold it in, because I'd find a single tiny nugget once in awhile. Then have to bleach everything 
Cute
I wish someone loved me as much as that dog loved his human
I want to be the person my Dog thinks I am so very much.
My dog loves his bed so much he'd probably jump (or yawn) at the opportunity to go to bed twice a day
I have two cats, brothers.  I cant rest without them coming to sleep with me.  They both have their spots.   One sleeps behind my knees under the blanket.  The likes to be my small spoon, while using my hand as a pillow.
My dog sleeps all day and all night. 
This is a pretty adorable.
That's so lovely! This kinda reminds me of my canary bird sleeping on my shoulder while I was playing video games :) 
Awww, he super loves his owner.
So sweet! He's a gorgeous pup.
My dog is willing to nap anytime, anywhere.
Awwwww.  
How do you peeps deal with all the dog fur inside the house?
this makes me sad because i truly want a dog to have a companion but my parents wont let me. 
Who took the pics?
Wow.. dog doing a good job
We actually had black-out film on the humans face in the exact sane place until your dog fell asleep?
My dog sits/sleeps next to my mom on the couch, when she falls asleep on it.
That's how my dog is.. she hears me when I get home at 7:30. I come in and lay on the couch. When her mom gets up she comes in the living room, does her morning routine then jumps up on the couch, crawls under my covers and falls asleep with me 
Mine does that. She waits at the door at 7 am for me 
I want a dog. Not like a shit dog, like Fry's dog in Futurama.
Awe what a cutie pie :)
Why do people sleep with clothes on
My dog literally sleeps about 20 hours a day. No night shifts or anything, just a crazy sleepy dog.
I've been working nights this week, and my partner works during the day. The dog goes to bed with him at 11pm, I go to bed at 6am just as he's getting up, he lets her out to the loo and then she gets back into bed with me for another 8 hours of sleeping. It's very heartwarming :) 
This is adorable.
All they know is how to love. Period. 
Today I make the master happy!
Madman.  Works nights but has no blackout curtains?  No thanks.
This depressed me!
That's a good boy there.
Tell me he doesn't look like Kev from Shameless. 
Is it weird that Everytime I see human in the title I read it as Hooman
When your human. Ok. 
As someone who works nights as well, I wish I had a dog that would do this for me :( 
Are you Eminem?
Awww
This was my dog for many years.
Guys I think I need a dog. 
My rotty does the same
My dog Sadie did this same thing when I worked nights for a month. She would sleep all night while I was working and then go back to bed with me once I got home in the morning. We really don't deserve dogs!
Working nights was really ruff for my dog and me. I could only do it for 4 months. And it was during the summer, so it sucked even worse. 
Now that's what I call love! 
Hmm... a real r/KarmaConspiracy... lighting seems way too similar to be approx. 12 hours apart.. we're gonna need to call in the detective. 
At least the dog doesn't hog the covers
So many cuddles 
My pup every time I'm on nights. 
God Damnit! :'( 
I work three 12 hour NOC shifts a week. On those days, my dog sleeps 24 hours. Twelve when I'm gone and 12 when I'm home. If I do three in a row, he's in bed for 72 hours. It's very sweet, but that lazy butt needs to get some exercise.
This is stupid- a cat
honest question. what's the point of life if you only work? 
Omg it's my dog
Get the man some blackout curtains! 
It's spelled hooman, it makes it cuter.  
omg, hooman is ded! must play ded!
Photos reversed to tell a fabricated story for maximum karma returns.
I don't like sentences that start with when. It's really overused and tacky. Otherwise, cute post.
This title of this post is worded weird I just can't come up with a reason why. If I figure out why I will put it in an edit. Anyways this is common sense if you have a bond with a cat. If the cat sees you as one of their own, it is general knowledge that they are going to sleep next to you. They can have a lazy day watching you sleep because they had enough sleep for the day but they know you could use a warm body to sleep next to so they stay put. 
That's lovely
My Seamus was the same way. He loved to curl up and be the small spoon. His purring was so peaceful. He's alive, but with my ex. :( 
Cat sleep 18+ hours a day. If they really like you it makes sense to sleep with you. My cat is the same way. I work 1pm-11pm most days and go to sleep at 2am. When my parents go to bed he will go to bed with them, then want out at midnight when I get home. He goes to sleep with me, wakes up to be with them when they are getting ready for work then when they leave he crawls back in bed with me.The cat is the most social animal I have every had, even more so than the dogs I have owned. He is like a 4 year child that can't stand being alone. 
Awww that's so cute! That's like my little dog too.[My husband doesn't like little dogs but I find them like this sometimes.](http://i.imgur.com/U3vPQvh.jpg) 
*Good, the heat blanket is finally home.*
My cat loves to take naps when I'm chilling and watching tv.  Gfs cat has a tendency to hide in the laundry basket.
That's adorable and heart warming moment at the same time
Seamus? That's the dog!
This just reminds of the thunder buddy thing from TED
My cat Mouse sleeps beside me. Every time I lay down.
My dog used to do this but won't anymore. I wonder if I movies him while sleeping or something.
Can't have you miss out on the astma
My biology teachers cat also happens to be named Seamus and sounds quirky just like your furry friend :) 
My last cat had some secret owner is getting into bed radar too.  He could be out cold in the other room and I could ninja my way into bed and he'd still come running.  Miss that guy.
Reminds me of my cat Kaiya if the door wasn't open she would sit there and meow until I let her in. She would always either sleep in between my arms or right beside me 
When we were little kids our cat would make sure to sleep in each of us kids' beds with us for a portion of the night
To them, you already are
Me too.
To be fair, dogs have a pretty low bar on who they're willing to bestow unlimited love and affection forever to.
That's what we all aspire to.
I have a dog. I feel like I don't deserve the love he gives me. But after 12 years I still try to be worthy!
Their love is unconditional! They will love you.
I have a friend with a bumper sticker that says Be the person your dog thinks you are
My cat starts knocking shit off my nightstand.
This morning I woke up to pupper licks four hours before I had to be at work after about 6 hours of sleep. Of course I had to take him out for walkies. Worth it.
Mine stares at me from across the room and makes these pitiful 'Come onnnn, I'm bored whines. It's more effective than my alarm clock.
/r/mildlyannoying
My cat used to wake me up like this.Then he would lay across my face so his fur stuck to the fresh saliva...Also I'm allergic to cat fur so it was even more hideous.
Similar except my dog will bump my face with his wet cold nose and instantly startle me out of bed.
I took a chance and let my pup sleep in my bed last night, since I hadn't tried it in 6 months.  She jumped on me at 6:30am. Back to the kennel. >.>
Work second shift, not too bad. Go to sleep at 2-3am, wake up between 10am-12pm. Blackout curtains and Hue lights set to simulate a sunrise means *I* decide when the sun rises!
We actually had black-out film on the windows in our last house. It made it dark as a cave. I hated it. He sleeps fine without them, when the dog isn't smothering him. 
My dog wakes up to greet me at the door after a night. He does his pee, eats breakfast, then crawls into bed for a day nap. I'm so thankful my dog isn't one who relies on consistency.
This sort of gross insult to dogs should not be tolerated. 
Sounds like she isn't alive and you are taking turns with a dead dog...
You guys have a very sleepy doggo.
Sounds like he was a great friend. We lost this one's big bro about a year ago and we still miss him and talk about him a ton. I feel your pain for sure, friend. 
I got a big, black shepherd who does the the same.  I do feel safer.  During the colder months he goes under the covers and pokes his nose out the edge, aimed at the door.
There's plenty looking for homes.
This is my husband and our doggo.
Doesn't everyone have a camera on a tripod set up in their bedroom?!?
Dogs eyes are open in the lower picture
She is a leggy bitch. 
One of them gave me permission and the other has been bribed with biscuits.
I'm pretty sure be with people 24/7 even when I'm sleeping is one of the circles of dog-heaven.So your dog ALSO thinks you're amazing. 
I'm sorry I failed you. 
We bought a high quality bagged vacuum and keep lint rollers around. 
I never said they were 12 hours apart? Not sure where you're getting that. 
I don't think your realize how insulting you come off. I'm not trying to teach you something new, just share a positive experience. That is the point of this entire subreddit. 
It's in the voice of the dog.
It was actually very forceful.
Go steal him.
My kitty is the same, but likes to be the small spoon behind my legs while I'm curled on my side. I have to be careful though when he starts kneading, almost clawed my lady bits. Now I just try to keep his paws away from that area. 
I hate when people try to dismiss cats as cruel asocial creatures.  Their personalities vary wildly.  I treat all mine basically the same, and they're completely different people.Very dumb people, but they're definitely people.
>HusbandI noticed a diamond tattooed on his left ring finger. Did you guys get tattoos instead of rings? That would be bad ass.
Who's chopping onions in here?
One time I went to help my mom pick up a table from Craigslist. They had a golden who was so happy to meet two new people. He was wagging his tail and locking my hand and it was cute and I loved it. 
Woah
r/wholesomememes
You're so nice. Thank you.
R/wholsomememes
thanks
I wish we really knew why dogs like certain people, but not others. Obviously some are just loyal to their owners only, but there's some dogs that are seem arbitrarily selective on who they like. It's almost as if they can tell whether a person is good or not.
Hitler with a can of wet food = greatest person on earth.
Maybe stop shitting there?
Yup this is what I get. When its time to wake up which is never actually when I wake up, just when the kitty feels like its done sleeping he decides he should knock everything off every nightstand/table in my room. And if that doesn't work he repeatedly walks over me meowing grumpily.
I had a cat (lived for 21years) that would do that,  then we took out the stuff from the shells,  she then would find some plastic bags to make noise :) 
My cat covers my nose and mouth. Little dick knew exactly what he was doing. 
My dog does the same, whether it be the treat door or the go-outside door.
Starts with that. Then, nose on the side of the bed looking straight into your eyes. Little woofs. And finally, full on nose battering ram. There is a clear and defined escalation :)
/r/mildlyawwnnoying
Oh wow hue lights? That's pretty awesome 
Humans weren't meant to possess such powers.
It's true that the room can get way too dark and make it easy to oversleep. When you're tired enough, some sunlight won't really bother you.
Get him a sleep mask. If he's anything like I was working 3rd shift, it's not a heavy sleep and the mask ends up falling off but it makes it so much easier to fall asleep. I like to put it on my heating pad and get it warm then put it on. It relaxes your eyes so much. 
Rude and all but why not ask to sleep on his side instead of stomach? Sleeping face down is widely regarded as the worst way to sleep.
Humans are the worst dogs.
The dogs don't mind. 
Even very energetic dogs do a lot of napping.
We had a childhood dog who died in 2000 and we still talk about her now. I can see a picture of her right now too. They really are family.
Thank you for the kind words. Unconditional love that dogs have is something I will never take for granted.
What's a doggo?
Aww, that makes it even cuter!So the second one?
My apologies. I didn't mean to come off that way. I forget there are humans behind the usernames and that they have feelings just like myself. The phrase I was looking for was 'third person' or speaking as an animal. I hadn't seen this in use before and it caught me off guard and sad hoping someone could chime in and help me out with the phrase. I hope you will accept my apology as I meant no harm. I will do my best to change the way I comment going forward. 
Thought you'd leave me out of the nap, eh?! NOT TODAY, HUMAN! *Darts*Edit: thanks for the gold, I'll use it to buy blackout curtains. 
Why can't I touch the walrus?
Yea, I have a 70 pound pit boxer who refused to believe in alone time http://imgur.com/9D1zVjV
##FreeSeamus
And then burn her house down.
No choice in the matter. Parents are allergic to cats, thus best situation for Seamus and Alistair. One day perhaps. He's a big sweetie. 
I have one cat that I'm pretty sure is smarter than some people I've met. At the very least, much better problem solving skills.
I have had quite a few dogs and cats in my life. They were/are all people. Dumb people, like you say, but people. Except the border collie I had as a kid and teenager. She was smarter than some human people I know.
oh man, can you imagine having a fight and breaking up? you'd have to snap off your whole finger and throw it at them because you don't have a ring to throw instead.
One of my favorite pitchers is a lefty, so he had his wife's name, Ali, tattooed on his ring finger instead as the ring would interfere with throwing.
Yup! He got the diamond and I got a red bow. We have rings but I don't wear mine all the time and he can't since he's a mechanic. 
Me, sorry, I am making fajitas.
That made me happy too :)Imagine just being a happy dog not knowing that being good to one person spirals off to other people as well.Although, many humans probably don't know they can also do that/already do.I'm going to do this a lot more now, even though I did before :)
It's almost like we've been taming them for tens of thousands of years.
Damn, beat me to it! 
:)
put another one of those forward slashes behind the R, in addition to the one you have in front of it, and it'll hyperlink (:
I'm a cat owner who likes dogs a lot but doesn't have one.  Like 99% of all dogs I encounter are super over-the-top friendly towards me right off the bat.  When I run into the very rare exception who isn't it feels like a bit of a personal affront.
I'm convinced they can, my previous male schnauzer was so friendly towards other people except for one, my ex. Turns out that ex was a massive creep. I'm glad I heeded my dog's warning before it was too late.
My GF's family adopt and rehome racing greyhounds. They have a few of their own, and because most of them are treated so poorly by trainers, they dislike humans particularly males. When I first met them, one particular dog actually came up to me wanting a pat and then sat with me on the couch. My GF and her parents were shocked, they've never seen him do that with anyone else. 
It's to direct the flies and cockroaches away from you when your sleeping. It's very effective when you have those pesks but cannot afford a bug killer such as Raid 
You eat pieces of shit for breakfast? 
And then evades any petting once you do get up 
Hue hue hue!
The power of sleep is in my command! 
This. I got home at 2PM the other day after working 12 days straight and after I ate lunch I fell asleep for 3 hours and my room was super bright. Didn't even notice the light cause I was that exhausted. 
Be sure to spay and neuter your humans. Where were you on that one Mr.Barker? Lazy, selfish fuck. 
That's... better?
Emma Watson is a hotdog
Absolutely. 
It's a pupper. 
A big ol pupper
Yeah
I accept your apology. Reading through your history I can see that you have been having trouble empathizing with others. The third person part of the post was not bothersome, actually, it was the common sense part. The way you worded it makes it sound like you don't believe that I am intelligent, because of the fact that I found my dog's behavior worth sharing even though it is common knowledge that dogs, and cats, and other animals, bond with us this way. In fact, that common knowledge is the very reason that I posted it. We all know that animals share this behavior, and so I knew that my post would be relate-able and others would enjoy this photo and feel the same feelings that I felt when taking it. 
God damn humans hoggin all the snooze particles. NOT ON MY -oo a squirrel. 
You were napping without me when i was busy napping, weren't you? DAMMIT TODD YOU KNOW HOW IMPORTANT THIS IS TO ME.
Blackout curtains and melatonin are a 3rd shifters best friend.
I just pictured his cat smoking a cigarette while lazily walking over to nap and I thank you
Misread as you offering free seamen 
Her?
GENDER ASSUMED!
You should be my new friend. 
Mine has learned that with a running start, she can bash the bathroom door open
Border collies are smart dogs in general. I had one as a kid, and she was pretty damn smart. Not to mention loveable and sweet all wrapped in one.
Ah, well then save one for me.
https://imgflip.com/i/1jgipc
/r/ShittyLifeProTips
If their cat is anything like mine, he sits on my chest until I wake up from lack of air (14 lb cat). Then he says Momma! you're awake! PET ME. and then proceeds to snuggle next to me for the next 10 minutes while I pets him. 
br
What's a pupper?
Thank you, folks. After all the rude, bitter, nasty and puerile bickering I've been seeing on the Internet of late, it's really nice to see somebody handle a situation with grace and tact. It's also nice to see the other person have the integrity to apologize. Bit of a shame to see the apology being down-voted as that seems unnecessary, but thank you both.
Dude I can't up vote your post enough.You're genuinely trying to help. Kudos to you.
Snooze particles? 
+1 for snooze particles. 
Egg?
This is 2017. We don't assume sexuality anymore.
http://epicpix.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/01/f87e1_e6fb86691d56fda2-600x365.jpg
I mean, I'll eventually fuck you over, but sure.
Upvote because this is both relevant and timely in regards to my current deal. Like, weirdly topical to my immediate situation. I'll make sure to credit you once Dan gets back with the mole sauce.
With extra shit
Literally shitty
It's a woofer. 
Something that pups.
radiation given off by alarm clocks, because of their spin they are highly attractive to Doesn't Matter.
How else do you think sleep works? Your body needs to intake a certain amount of snooze particles and output all of the stress dingos through your breath, sweat, tears etc. Pretty basic science...
[Ryab missed the tinted rock again.](https://www.reddit.com/r/NLSSCircleJerk/)
I dreamt that I was old. 
Sexuality is different then gender 
I assume you're making a joke. I'm just tired of the automatic assumption that all people on reddit are straight dudes.
is that supposed to be amelia?
But sure is how all the best adventures start, plus I have house insurance so meh 
What's a woofer?
Ran out of words for dog? What a shame.
/r/shittaskscienceEdit: ah shit
It's like the making of a plumbus but backwards
. . . Huh?
Poor Aemon.
This gender shit pisses me off.
Well, what's your stance on Synths?
Sometimes you gotta woo, even if fer no reason.
r/shittyaskscience FTFY
\*sigh\* Ryan Letourneau also known as Northernlion is a youtuber/twitch streamer, he is a bald canadian man, and as result is commonly referred to as Egg, Eggscum, or Ryab, (a deliberate misspelling of his name), his most popular series is The Binding of Isaac which he has hundreds of episodes in at this point.He is now very good at the game due to time played, but early on was pretty bad. Tinted rocks are a specific type of rock in the game that drop consumables when blown up, but they look like every other rock only with a slight blue tint, early on Scumlion would miss them frequently and it became a joke.The subreddit I linked to is the NLSS circlejerk, NLSS stands for Northernlion Live Super Show, and it is a... thing, a podcast I guess? it  involves NL and friends playing video-games for about three hours. that sub is specifically dedicated to NLSS shitposting, like I just did.There, I think that about covers it.
You're talking to someone who is transgender. Why does it piss you off?
Do I look like the kind of guy who knows how to spell words good? if you want to know how to spell good then Shitt, ask science.
/r/shitfacedscience
/r/shittyatheism FTFY
TILjabaited
I like how you seem put upon by me asking for clarification about an obscure reference.
Because we make a lot of people uncomfortable.
[I think she's raising them because they're orphaned, according to this dude.](https://www.reddit.com/r/AnimalsBeingBros/comments/2wvbmq/whatcha_doin_lady_a_professional_photographer_out/couj85g/)
Lucky there was another photographer there too!
Must have interrupted the filming of a new Disney movie
This is the best thing ever. 
[Source](https://youtu.be/Mb__VVL2zC8)
[OP, how did you manage to take that picture?](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/cmwov/hey_reddit_what_tattoos_do_you_have/c0tpyls/)
Why is there always a photographer taking a picture of a photographer?
And just off camera, there's an adult deer getting devoured by an adult wolf.
This image alone could surely end the wolf-deer wars
Alright Wolfy, we will occupy her with our cuteness and the baby racoon steals her wallet
The photographer is Tanja Askani (I think that's how to spell her name) and she's an amazing photographer. She'd friends with almost all wildlife; dogs, deer, wolves, rabbits, mice, birds, etc. I've followed her work for years now. As I said, amazing stuff. 
Be carefull, the last time the Starks and Baratheons got together like that they overthrew the mad king and retook the seven kingdoms!
Id probably frighten them off immediately when I started to cry my eyes out at the cuteness
WHERE ARE YOUR PARENTS
They are like fuzzy little Pokmon you find in the tall grass!!
Photographer is, in fact, raising these two flufflebuns. However, things *similar* to this actually does happen with photographers pretty often. They're extremely patient and can lay still for hours. If you go out somewhere with a lot of nature and lay on the ground still for a while, you'll see birds will start to land on you, and other otherwise non-human sights of nature will continue on.
That's why everytime i go out to take pictures i make sure that someone else takes pictures of me at all time, and this second photographer does the same.
Clearly, she is part Disney Princess.
Did the deer take this picture? 
I feel like that would end poorly... Once the moms came to pick up the kids. 
Photographer is missing the best shots!
childhood friend becomes worst enemy.
It looks like the deer is standing on her and asserting its dominance.
You think the wolf is the one you have to worry about? THINK AGAIN!
No one here is doing their assigned job. 
*Insert Disney Joke Here*
Found the long lost descendant of Snow White.
You shouldn't be here stranger.
If this is how photographers are paid, sign me up. 
My heart could barely take this!
Don't you mean Sigourney weaver realizes she's a Disney Princess? 
[It's always cute when animals become friends with the camera man/woman.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I3vbbbyikIw)
Do you think this picture was taken by the mamma wolf?
Poor little fawn. I doubt it ended well for the deer.
That wolf pup is probably the cutest freakin' thing I've ever seen.
That's a pronghorn antelope, not a deer. 
Can't you fucking see I'm filming a grizzly bear. Now move. *Turns head* Bear bites face. 
That wolf is gonna get hungry...
No one is born racist. 
Whatcha doin'?
I would have booked it out of there, apex predator mothers don't like you getting near their babies.
Then mom came back from the Forrest store and all hell broke loose
What a lucky gal. The joy which would fill my heart if that happen to me.
How did she take this picture 
Camera is facing the wrong way
Fox and the hound right there!
That is a picture she is not ever going to delete! Am I right!? 
I doubt it.  Maybe a deer but not a baby wolf.  Otherwise she'd be getting the hell out of there.
That is actually not a baby deer it is a [Mouflin Sheep](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/European_mouflon)
Where ya gramma stay? Huh! Ma nigguh!
Than gets mauled because those aninals are known to fight to the death for their young
If there is a baby wolf, somewhere there is a mama wolf. OP title probably isn't the case.
out in a field behind the zoo??
I want a baby wolf now
Fake gnus ?
OP you got this off of iFunny didn't you? The timing of this post coincides with this being featured on there. 
Such cute much wow 
/Wolf pup looks at humanDid you know Geico can save you up to 15% on car insurance?/Fawn massages ladies back with hooves.With all that saved money you could get a real massage.  /Lady smiles and wolf pup nodsWhen my mom gets here.. you die lady.    
So there's a photographer photographing another photographer.
LOOK AT THE FUCKING PUDGY FUCKING BABY WOLFTOOOOOOO CUTEEEEEEEEEE*Dies of cuteness OD*
Where's mama deer? She should be concerned about where mama wolf is.
As fake as Trump's hair. And they believe it
Fake! the doe is floating, does no one see this? the doe is growing out of her back, has no hooves.Edit - Awwwwwww FAKE!!
Good to know. My only theory was that she's a Disney princess.
That makes a lot more sense versus a wild wolf pup walking up to her, with no adult around... and then a living baby deer strolling up too.
i hope so, cause if not momma wolf probably isnt far behind, or too pleased.
Thank you!
Wow this has more upvotes the second time it's posted. Interesting ...
Little did she know the perfect picture she was looking for was with her all along...
But who will photograph the photographer's photographer?
Photographer taking a picture of a photographer.
The important question is whether she knew the other photographer was there.
I wonder what baby animals were with the second photographer!
Unsure if it is luck or a planned shot.
Maybe she's taking a photo of the guy who took a photo of the girl taking a selfie with Bruce Springsteen
Who was surrounded by the mother deer and mother wolf.She was also the photographer's mother.
Or the worst thing ever.Hey there, Mr. Baby Deer! Your mommy must be around here - oh hey there, Mr. Baby Wolf, your mommy must be ar... uh.
So you are saying OP's title is misleading? 
Thank you good sir 
Photographers always travel in pairs.
It's kind of like the Mars rover, photographers can extend their mechanical arm and take multiple snapshots of themselves to stitch together a complete picture. 
Maybe that's what she's taking a picture of
Yeah, that deer is a real authoritarian asshole.(Thank you for using its properly.)
All this waiting for the perfect shot and her husband who tagged along with a an iPhone got the shot of her lifetime. 
Non-Mobile link: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/European_mouflon***^HelperBot ^v1.1 ^/r/HelperBot_ ^I ^am ^a ^bot. ^Please ^message ^/u/swim1929 ^with ^any ^feedback ^and/or ^hate. ^Counter: ^30305
Staged maybe, but not fake.
Why not both?
Housework New dress 
I thought the same. 
And dead parents is a super common theme in Disney movies.
Naaaah. She's a Disney princess 
As opposed to a dead deer walking up?
There is virtually zero chance there would be just a lone wolf pup in the wild. If a saw one I would think oh shit where is the rest of the pack.
THEN WHO WAS PHONE?
Please don't ask how I took this picture...
The photographer, duh?
Yeah, she was about to tell him he had a bald eagle and snow Leopard kitten on his back. 
Sorry, we're all out of baby animals.  Here's a couple of pissed off mothers.-Mother Nature
We can't be sure about anything, these days. 
Definitely worst thing ever. She has a long zoom lens that can't focus that close, so go out to take pics of rare wildlife, find it on your head, and then can't tske pics.
You're not wrong.
At least it isn't a bear cub. 
I don't. I travel in threes. When we run out of food we eat the weakest one. It always works out.
Yeah its not like its *that* hard.
Here is a link to the [photographers page](http://www.tanja-askani.de/ta_photos.html) with the real picture not the bad photoshop job, use google translate if you want to actually read it. Her name Tanja Askani. Quit down voting because I called fake, the real picture is better.
yes.
Specifically dead mom's. Had something to do with Walt Disney feeling guilty about his mom dieing or something. I don't really remember the details.
As opposed to the wolf pup's parents ripping it apart.
John is kill.
We are all phone on this blessed day
We can be sure this was planned.
Well this pic was taken so I guess the situation was taken into account.
because getting attacked by a pack of wolves is preferable 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_wolf_attacks_in_North_AmericaWolves are fucking Vicious too and hunt in MASSIVE packs.  My particular favorite one of these attacks is the one that took place on December 23, 1922
Bonus, you get to keep the third persons camera.
Motherfucker
You just made the list.
Not my style to downvote, anyway, it was posted on reddit 3 years ago or so. 
Wow, I didn't know this but it's incredibly tragic. >Flora died in 1938 in an accident that plagued her son Walt with grief for the rest of his life. After the success of their film Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs, in 1938, Walt and Roy presented their parents with a new home in North Hollywood, near the Disney studios in Burbank, California. Less than a month after moving in, Flora complained to Walt and Roy of problems with the gas furnace in her new home. Studio repairmen were sent to the house, but the problem was not adequately fixed. Flora wrote a letter to her daughter Ruth describing the wonderful new home, but again complaining of the fumes from the furnace. A few days later, Flora died of asphyxiation caused by the fumes at age 70.   https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Flora_Call_Disney
This is a staged pic. The camera the model is using is probably off in case she drops it.
You could always try dancing with them. 
There less competent climbers 
It's ok nothing personal. I am sorry I was not attacking you, it's just that posted pictured was so bad people need to see the real thing, she does beautiful work.
There is some seriously fucked up family drama with the Disney family. Incest and shit. Oh wait..this is the aww sub. Sorry!
The model is a photographer. 
Get out.
Take your vote and leave
and the wolf and fawn are wild.
[Good day to you](https://media3.giphy.com/media/l0K42RIaNOZcK7CNy/200w.gif)
Her name is Tanja Askani, as has been said elsewhere in the thread. But I guess being snarky is easier than looking something up for yourself. 
Now look who's being snarky.
Playing along with a joke =/= too lazy to look something up.  
[deleted]
That horse is so chill
Goats: Conquest!  baa baa bahahaha, to the top!Horse: this is my life now....
And that is how you give a proper back massage to a horse. 
See? This is why I didn't want kids.
Lol the way they jump away in pure joy is always hilarious to me
They're so bouncy!
Its fascinating watching the horse's ears swivel around as it switches its attention around without looking. 
So is no one going to mention the little one climbing out from underneath the horse? That horse is very laid back 
They're just horsing around. 
Charlie Charlie Charlieeee, hey Charlie, wake up Charlieeeeeeeeee...
r/goatparkour
You can tell that's an old horse. She didn't even notice when the smaller horses were jumping on her. This is a very cute video. 
I love how he looks at the last goat like, You gonna go?.
i have goats and a horse and can confirm they do this. they also try to do backflips by jumping and kicking off another small goat 
What is it with horses and goats?  Why are they BFFs?
Small step for a goat, giant leap for goatkind
Cute today, BLACK PHILLIP tomorrow. 
This is an accurate depiction of how Stanley feels in The Office 
The horse looks at the guy who is recording at the end like Do you have enough Karma yet? Can we stop now? 
Fuck it! I ain't moving
that horse is the epitome of not giving a shit
Charlie!!! Charlie!!! Wake up Charlie!!
Baby goats have got to be the cutest thing on this earth.
Goats and horses are very good roommates. That's why there is the phrase Don't let him get your goat. It harkens back to the days when competitors would steal each others horses' goat-companions from their pens before a race, to make the horse upset and influence the outcome.
Goat under horse is best goat
The post I didn't know I needed until now 
These kids are crazy -horse
r/goatparkour
They jump as if to say, Weeeee!
I'm having a hard time finding the fucks that horse is currently giving.
Horse: You goat to be kidding me!
They warned me if I took too much I'd start to see goats...
Sounds like the premise for a /r/bojackhorseman episode
Goats are crazy. The ones at my fathers farm balance on the fences in the barn. Theres literally no point of having any fences.
OMG This is the first time in 24 years that I'm seeing a horse sit. I didn't think they sit. I just thought they would always be standing even while they sleep.
Horse be like: must..remain...calm...
Damned kids
Anybody else read this in Joey Ramone's voice
I bet that horse is loving his back massage. I mean think of it, tiny goats weighing in at 15lbs, jumpin around like that. I'd buy it. 
Is it bad that he horse isn't standing? Aren't horses always supposed tonbe standing? :(
Kids these days.
The horse is enjoying it. I can't see other horses and they won't normally lie down if they are on their own. The horse must feel a bit safe with the goats around.
First we take Manhattan and then we take Berlin
NatureIsFuckingLit 
These kids today...
r/thisismylifenow
My wife used to have a horse that lived on her dad's girlfriend's farm. He didn't get along with the other horses but holy shit did he love the sheep and goats. We used to call them his wool socks, he'd stand in the middle of the flock of sheep and just keep his eye on them, herding them back together if they went too far away from him, then he'd sleep with the goats and sheep at night, it was adorable to watch.
[Sigh] Kids... - horse probably.
No, mount the world game of thrones reference? 
[Eugene should have known that there was no way he could have stood up to the atomic headbutt.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i8dUVd3qDgA)
That horse was probably getting a nice back massage. Why are goats always so chaotic?
get off your high horse goat
This reminds me of Black Hawk Down, when the Somalians get to the helicoptee
THATS WHAT A BABY HORSE LOOKS LIKE?!
/r/goatparkour
Ahhhh they're so little and spunky. What a patient horse haha 
Omg when they just hop off so happily...such tiny goat innocence
[Tomorrow the world you say?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uT-UGTQd6zQ&t=0m6s)
I friggin love how goats jump.
I imagine this horse is talking so much shit - about the kids, the parents, life... 
I think the mama goat is under the horse! He smooshed her and the babies manage to escape.
Semi related. My mom used to only like my cats because they would walk on her back sometimes and give her gentle back rubs. ;) 
FOR SPARTA!!!
Cute kids. 
Can confirm, horse is a parent.
Playing King of the Horse!
You've gotta be kidding me.
Kids these days don't respect their elders.
Thanks! I needed that. 
I wish I had the patience of a horse. Such bouncy little things!
You're gonna go far, kid
He's babysitting
I love goats, and this horse is too cool!
That horse doesn't even seem bothered.
Cool
Enough Kidding around
Anyone else say, parkour! In a Michael Scott voice every time they jumped off the horse?
Why these kids always horsing around?.
That horse is so chill
The little black one is the best lol
Those dam kids are horsing around again.
r/goatparkour
oh crap a human with a camera *awkward jumping* um, doing goat stuff, totally doing tiny goat stuff... not plotting
animal farm is happening
RemindMe! 20 hours
Kids are always horsing around
Baby goats are so fucking cute! *dies*
I thought horses never lay down :o
I have limited experience with horses but my grand parents used to have 6-7 of them. Is this horse ill? From what I remember they never lay down like that otherwise.I could be mistaken so sorry for the question.
Why do goats always seem like they're on drugs?
This the first time I'm seeing horse laying on the ground.
Nice little hooves to press on that horses back. Best massage ever
To the goats it's fun, to the horse, it's a massage.
And eventually in my stomach!
Them goats  sure love climbing.  Climb on hills,  climb on dams,  climb on trees, climb on humans, climb on horses too
read this in the ramones voice 
Goats are so great.
I love when animals are like this. The horse doesn't mind at all! 
horses like goats, goats make them feel safe by not giving a fuck
So springy!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G4VlcYqYBFY
ThREe PsYcHoTiC YoUNGsTeRs TrAmPLe LaME hOrSe To dEaTh
Their little leaps are so cute haha.
Is that the mommy goat? 
baby goats always seem so happy. too bad they don't stay like this for long
i don't really like people with delusional fantasies of grandeur
Is that Epona?
Today you, tomorrow me.
Richard III is super jelly right now.
These motherfuckng mountain kids!!https://imgur.com/gallery/LGvJH
You won't find a much better companion for a horse than a goat.  They're often better than other horses. 
My 2-year-old daughter has been watching this for at least 15 minutes now and giggles with joy as the goats jump off the horse.  
*get someone's goat* definition: To make someone annoyed or angry: Gavin may seem unflappable, but I know a way to get his goat. This expression comes from a tradition in horse racing. Thought to have a calming effect on high-strung thoroughbreds, a goat was placed in the horse's stall on the night before the race, and an opposing camp would steal the horses goat, or 'get his goat' -- the internet 
The horse that mounts the world
That cat is *stupid*
Baby goats are seriously the best! But only up until about 7 months, then they become monsters
God damn kids
Why is the horse sitting? Horses don't sit that frequently right? Doesn't look sick, or pregnant. I suppose it's not really worried about predators popping out of nowhere with that fence however. Probably just sun bathing while getting a massage.
Damn kids
Chhhhhaaarrrrrrllllliieeeee come onnnn let's go to *candy mountain*
Ain't no mountain high enough 
Why is the horse in such a small area?
Too cute for words!!
The one that came out from the crotch looks like it experienced some shit
Ah, kids these days 
How will we explain how cruelly we treat animals?
Horse was pissed when they left.
I just love how these tiny goats just bounce around.
Horses are majestic, anyone have any good vids or gifs of them being cool/smart?
That look is very this is my life now
You damn kids!
This may be an odd question, but does anyone know why Goats do this? At one point I went to a fair and they had a petting zoo, and I saw a goat do this to a llama. Now seeing them do it again, now I'm just curious to why they do this.
Bunch of kids riding bareback
Can somebody answer this for me please? I heard that if a horse lies down for a long period of time it will die because it wont be able to get up. Is this true? I know horses sleep standing up. Just wondering if there is something wrong with this one.
Bunch of little Tom Brady's on a horse 
The little black one looks like a rodeo bull the way he was kicking.
'We asserted our dominance over huge liveform due to our deceptive appearance of furry innocence. Now onwards brothers, this pityful planet will be ours in no time!'- Totallynoaliens
This makes me want to find Fantasia and watch it.
i love goats.
How they all scurry off at the end is adorable. 
And then there is my big boy who picks them up and throws them if you give him the chance.  Not fun to see a goat ten feet in the air not under their own power. 
Poor horse. It barely got to enjoy being popular before that status was ripped away from it. 
When I initially saw this I thought the horse in quicksand like Atreyu's horse in the never ending story.
Kind of reminds me of that racist baby goat Buttermilk. Cute but racist! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AWvefaN8USk
All the animals are equal, some are just more equal than others.
Boing Boing Boing Boing!
Now I want a pony!
/u/avocadobazooka 
I want a baby horse now but I want it to stay tiny
Inner dialog 'damn kids'
But tonight... you 
I love how the horse is not at all bothered, its like okay my weird looking babies, you can climb on me if you wish <3
 
They actually can make good outdoor pets. If you have a little land. They eat everything though so watch out before you embark on this endeavor.  
/r/goatparkour needs you.  (Unless you came from there.)
Me: That poor horse.Also me: Oh, those are sheep.Me 3 seconds later: No, those are goats.Me immediately after: LITTLE BABY GOATS OH MY GOD! <3
[Word cloud out of all the comments.](http://i.imgur.com/G0pIoOr.png)I hope you like it
So adorable!!!
He's like fml
I love the look of confidence when they leave. Come on guys, we're done here.
lil lil sebatians.
I want to jump the way they do! 
lol
Damn kids...
Seriously, nothing is cuter than baby goats jumping about.
kids these days ...
It probably feels like a nice massage to the horse.  
I've heard one of the main reasons to raise goats is that they're hilarious.
r/goatparkour
Kids today...
Kids today...
Kids today...
Kids today...
Horsey don't give a fuck
Oh wow those wee legs must have springs in them! If there is a heaven, it surely is filled with these wee beauties all jumpitying about! 
Cute
I want me some goats now
kids...
Putting a goat or two in helps ease a nervous horses' anxiety, without doping them that is.  That being said, those are the cutest freakin' goats I've ever seen.
After the other two leave, the horse is just like ... Get off.
TIL: That baby horses are absolutely adorable. 
That would feel amazing, as a horse. 
I'm too majestic for this shit...
/r/thisismylifenow
CHARLIE
Cutest thing I've seen all day
I was sitting on a rock all these baby goats were on at a petting zoo. Me and this one particular goat had hung out for awhile, a few others had come and gone but this guy has stuck with me and seemed to be enjoying his head scratches.All of a sudden he leaps into the air, like the one at the end of the gif did, only he swung his head at me mid air and head butt the fuck out of my forehead. Then just hops and skips away.  
TO BED! For tomorrow we leave at 9:00!8:30 for 9, sir. 8:30 for 9! You want to have a run sire?
These goats are horsing around! Lmboooo 
Three Tom Brady's and a horse
/r/goatparkour 
welcome to /r/goatparkour
I don't remember this part of Animal Farm
from the thumbnail, it looks like the horse is lying on a pink bed
Is it bad that all I could notice is that the cross brace wiring has way too much slack in it?  Nooooo....
/r/thisismylifenow
r/thisismylifenow
ZA WARLDO
this gets reposted all the time its 2 years oldyet its front pagehttps://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/29groi/tiny_goats_treat_this_horse_like_their_own/
Secretly the horse is controlling there minds...
U/mattyskii530
Those look like baby goats
They got mad hops. 
Cut
Wow Is very good 
r/patienthorses 
That looks like me when I babysit my nephews. 
r/goatparkour
Must enjoy the back scratching.
Look at the way they hop. So much energy, so funny.
Baby goats are so derpy
Damn kids...
Billy Goat Gruff vs the Horse of The Field!!
In 1998 the undertaker threw a 90kg banjo over 300m through an announcer's table.
Why do goats love jumping on things so much
I almost think, therefore I'm not,Surrounded by death, decay, and rot,People's voices cry out, a world's despair,But why the fuck, am I pulling MY hair?Take a step a little one, maybe a toe in a little pond,It doesn't really matter, carry the load you can bear,Maybe today that's just changing underwear.It's sometimes ok to not give a care.It's sometimes not, and the line none of us know where.Other folk may spit, they may even judge.Ain't no reason to hold any grudge.U can frgve thm tmrw or maybe 2day.But if you can't then it doesn't matter anyway.Ur th3 0n3 b3ar1ng l0ads and shuffl1n wata'.If you want, just stop, and do waht u oughtta.Some paths may close, and others may open,And telling yourself that isn't just hopin'.You can think like the first lines,Seek what you find,or you can write...a little rhyme.Paint a picture, build a bridge.Maybe squeeze a ball a smidge.Balls can be planet Earth,Marbles, sand, or a universe.
/r/thisismylifenow
Squad goal: get a pigmi goat.
surely this should be titled baby goats horsin' around
what kind of cats are those
[Source video.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1PPJjX9FM0g)
Is this kidding around, or horse play?
Damn kids these days, always horsin' around.
Crazy kids.
Hahaha that little hop 
it reminds me of a large adult dog being chewed on by puppies
According to a horse friend of mine, it's good practice to keep goats and horses in the same stable. Keeps the horses sane or something. 
He reminds me of Bojack the Horseman
It's probably used to it or so tired that it doesn't care. From what I know about livestock, it's not recommended that you leave goats with horses or cows because they will annoy the hell out of them when they try to lie down.  EDIT: This is more true for cows than horses. Depends on the personality and age of the horse. A young horse is probably fine with goats. An old horse that just wants to sleep, maybe not.  
Horse is chill for a reason.  Anyone who has had small kids (no pun intended) walk on your back, know this feels really really good. 
He seems particularly over it. lol what a good boy, letting those muchkins use him as a junglegym
That looks like the horse is getting a really nice back massage.
Yep. This is my life now. Goats. It's goats all the way down.
r/thisismylifenow
Horses are always so chill unless they see a female they want to bone. 
He has accepted his fate.
That's kind of the point of the goats. 
Looks like the horse sat on one of the goats and the others are He's OK! Whooppee!  
Read that laugh in my head like mandark 
Read that laugh like Lady Gaga's Romance song
Horse: Damn kids!
I imagined the horse being an older woman just 'letting the kids play' and yelling them to be careful and come home before supper as they ran off.
Bojack: Goddamnit, no I don't want to look after your kids.  *the next day*  Bojack: Goddamnit.
r/thisismylifenow
Read that like the song conquest by the white stripes. Baaahhaaaahaaahaaaauauauauaaa!
I love how the main focus of a goat's life is I bet I can climb on top of that shit. True bliss. 
*Hello darkness my old friend*
Horse: What there were creatures on me....?  Really...?
Add one more enter before horse, do it...
I thought those were baby horses
He is the goat that will mount the world.
Haha, I was just going to post that the horse seems to be loving his back massage! 
No sir, I don't like it. 
Horse backing off of you, kids got hops.
It's always nice to have a scapegoat tho.
Read it in Will Arnett's voice.
Brilliant, 10/10
At the Farm of Tomorrow, we crossed an owl with a billy goat. We got a hootenanny. That was for you old farts that watched Tex Avery cartoons. 
Oh, stop kidding around.
I like the how black one just loses it 
/r/Goatparkour 
Goats are the most bounciest animals.
Did that horse sat on that poor lil thing on purpose, and his other 2 friends were just trying to get out. As soon as he got out, they ran away.
It's just how goats are. I had a few growing up with one being basically a dog and I noticed they are just happy little fuckers. Baby goats/kids are probably my favorite baby animal and baby elephants are pretty great to.
I love their bounces. I hear boink in my head when they jump off! So stinkin cute! 
They have the springiest legs! *boing**boing**boing*
Goats have always been my second favorite farm animal. Behind chickens. Downside to goats: one minute they're climbing a horse, next minute it is the hood of your truck. Ever wonder what happens when a ~130lb Lamancha goat dances on the hood of a truck? Think baseball-sized hail that shits BB pellets.
http://i.imgur.com/gXtZZms.gifv*sproing!*
...And now I'm fascinated 
It's obviously a rescue mission. Horse lays down on goat, rescue goats jump on horse in an attempt to squeeze out the little goat. This is why they stop jumping once the little goat is released. 
hey, he's the black sheep of the family... and he *matters*
OK BoJack :)
Or are they kidding around?
Damn kids.
CANDY MOUNTAIN, Charlie!  We GOT to go to Candy Mountain!
Shoe shoe!! Chaga-chaga Chaga-chaga-shoe-shoe
i scrolled way to long to find this comment 
Super 100% subscribed!
>the smaller horses
That was also my favorite part. Glad someone brought it up.
Damn Buttercup. 
Could you tell me what kind of goats these are? 
They just herd well together, I guess?  My first pony had 2 Goat BFFs and the relationship was similar to this one.  It was like they weren't there, but obviously he enjoyed their company.  He didn't have separation anxiety from them, but they would SCREAM when he left and freak out has soon as they saw him walking back to the barn.  Thunder was literally a god to those damned things... As cute as it is, it's a total pain in the ass to have goats fangirling over your horse.  
Yes actually. The phrase 'got your goat's is actually originally a racing term where racing horses would have smaller cheaper companions to keep them calm before a race. Eventually someone saw an opportunity and would steal opponents goats and stress out the horses. 
Wouldst thou like to live deliciously?
My pony is a Charlie. But I usually call him pony boy, or bad pony, he has a typical napoleon temperament of a small guy.  Could never be trusted with human kids alone.  That is why I got him cheap.  He and my biggest pack goat spar on their hind legs together. 
I came in here to post something like this. Also: Cows don't sleep standing up.  
Nah, they can lay down. They do it to rest. 
Horses not only can but MUST lie down every so often to get deep sleep. Much less frequently and for much shorter periods of time than humans sleep, though. Also they can just do so for funsies / it feels like it, depending on the horse and its mood.
The only time it is really dangerous, in captivity, for a horse to be laying down is when they have colic. Laying down (with colic) can cause their intestines to twist causing a severe problem (that can lead to death).  However horses will take naps standing up, but do sleep often laying down and it is perfectly ok. 
My ancient mare is too frail to be comfortable with the other horses, so she pastures next to them with her friend Ivy the goat. 
That was a horrible pun.Good job!  I'm proud of you!
They love to climb on things, what can I say?
life is a series of closing doors
[removed]
Horses lie down every few days to sleep for a bit, and also may choose to do so just for comfort, as a sort of personality/mood thing. Or also being sick yes but not only that. Some horses even lie on their sides splayed out without being sick, though kneeling like this is more common.It's also entirely plausible that the horse is doing it BECAUSE of the goats, i.e. it knows the goats like to jump on it and enjoys the interaction so lies down more often to participate.
Horses lay down all the time.
From what I understand (saw a few posts above) the horse is older. 
Those hooves are not soft, they feel like hell when my two hundred pounders step on my feet when not wearing boots. 
Not all horses, just test them first or you might have vet bills. 
No!,My herd was christianed the vulgar hoard for their greedy manners and their love for barley. 
I can't believe how far I had to scroll to find this comment.
We used to use them as companion for lonely fretfull thoroughbreds, some love them, some haters, some meh about them.  
Thanks for the gold. :)
I only see two walls in the video. I have no idea the dimensions to that space overall. Maybe they're chilling in a chute between two much larger areas... 
They like elevated spots with firm footing, hate wet, muddy areas, running water, usually. Their favorite game is king of the hill.  Mine climb the front end loader and the crabapple trees, as well as the log hill I pushed together for their enrichment. 
No horses lay down if given the chance. They can lock their legs with a stay mechanism in the hock joints so they can doze, but they love to stretch out and even snore sometimes. I have gotten calls when my big draft who hates goats lies down in the field visible to a town street.  They think he is dead or sick, he is just sleeping. They don't sleep very long, but they will lie down if given the chance.  He loves to lay in huge snow drifts, gets up when he gets wet from snow melt after an hour or so. They can get by on standing sleep, and don't usually lie down when camping on the trail for one or two nights, then they gets used to the difference and if the tether line is long enough will lie sternal like that as long as it isn't wet or uncomfortable. Long periods of recumbancy is not good, very sick horses that lay down for hours developed pressure sores and not good for their body but normal sleep cycle is short and fine for a healthy horse.
I'm not an experienced rider, but I never walked into a stable where there wasn't a goat or two around.  They keep the horse calm, but those kids are absolutely adorable.  Yay for the animal kingdom and for the humans who get that we all require companionship.
Those are baby goats, sorry to disappoint 
Or a large adult human being chewed on by babies
> Keeps the horses ~~sane~~ *distracted from their existential torment* or something.
After having two goats trampled by horses, I'm not sure I'd agree.
your friend is a horse? and you can talk to him?
I have friends that are horses too. They too like goats. 
Your friend's on to something: Apparently it's common practice to keep a more placid animal (goats are common, but also pigs or even just a calmer horse) with particularly high-strung horses. They draw on social cues from each other or something.[Here's an NYT article on the topic.](https://www.nytimes.com/2015/06/05/sports/barnyard-buddies-curl-up-at-belmont.html?_r=0)
Sounds like a stable relationship 
It's your sanity I'm concerned about, considering you are friends with a horse...
They said chill not clinically depressed 
BoJack *the* Horseman?
WHAT ARE YOU DOING HERE!?
Right someone who watches his own show while having sex.
Mickey The Mouse
Back in the 90s, he was on a very famous TV show. 
True dat
[Bo Jack orders pie]Throw it in a bowl and pour some bourbon on it, and bring me a laddle 
Nah, if the horse doesn't want to be part of it he could easily scare them away. One of my horses picked up our young goat (not a baby like these, just not fully grown) by the tail and flung him in the air when he got tired of being followed around. Goat was fine, learned to keep his distance. Most horses and goats get along fine though. The most common risk is goats chewing off the horse's long tail hair and leaving them with a dorky looking bob cut.
And here he it is, the fun killer!
Goats and horses make great companions I don't know where you got that information 
I'm gonna go ahead and assume that you've never spent any time on a farm. 
It's actually recommended for goats and horses to be together, goats can calm horses down. Apparently racing horses have a goat that travels with them to keep them from being stressed
holy shit it blows my mind when people think of the same weird shit i do
Ahh, the good ol' [reddit goataroo](http://reddit.com/r/OldSchoolCool/comments/5te08w/a_model_wearing_dior_on_the_banks_of_the_seine/ddm9luj)
Thanks for the ear to ear smile! I spent some time cackling Mandarkly around the house with the ba bahahahahaha laugh, arms curling toward the sky, and exclamations of winning the affections of DeeDee
Baaahhh Romance
More like /r/goatparkour 
Thats what I was singing  in my head as I typed it.
Not uncommon for people with horses to bring in a goat to keep the horse company. They're herd animals, so it makes sense :-)
That horse is chill AF.
Just find a good nanny.
Haha funny
He's got the most horsepower; You can see his legs kick back more sand than the others.
What's with the racism, bro?
Now I'm  inserting Mario's  boing when he jumps
/r/noisygifs
https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/originals/99/c1/d8/99c1d8ce2f47717f8f40b075f8524b84.gif
Pay attention to cat's ears too. You may think it's ignoring you. But it's actually hearing. Right. AT YOU!
That's great. Let...my...friend...oh he's gone me to. Boink. 
This whole scenario just made me laugh uncontrollably for a minute.  Thank you.  Although I think the little guy might just have been looking for milk in the wrong place.  The gif is spliced together so it's hard to tell. 
Back in the nineties I was in a very famous TV show!
Stupid goat horses
couple of my goats are having kids soon ill try and snap a video for the internet points
Alpines 
That's hilarious.
Fangirling. LOL 
OMG that's fascinating!  Thank you so much.
Yes, I was so ready to watch a movie about an insane killer goat after watching this trailer https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d_XTFjvvcnQ    He was definitely the break out star, but I would have liked to see more of him in it.
It's so weird! Amazing but weird.. I wonder how they stand up from sitting down?
:D
I'm sorry. I'll just remind myself. Don't want to cause bots anymore pain.
My best horse was like that with human kids, also I have seen a small pack of Amish kids with feathers in the straw hats and bare feet lead a standard bred half a mile on the farm road to the farriers, and that good horse kept its head down at their head level, and walked so carefully while about 4 or five escorted him to get new shoes. They rode him back with two holding the tail for a towline.  These were about 4to 10 yrs of age, the horse looked aged. Other horses would never do that.  They are all different and training and trust really mean a lot. 
thank you for that kind hooman. =)
Go on...
They've been through the desert, and all they wanted was a name.
Don't worry it's a stable relationship 
that's too much, man
I should get some goats.
back in the 90s I was in a very famous teeevee show
You need bigger goats, or smaller horses. Sorry for your losses though.

Wow, what happened? I've never heard of horses hurting them.
This guy got goats
i think he was just horsing around
It's his mane pal 
Of course.
Me too thanks.
Nothing on the inside, nothing on the outside. 
*The* Bojack Horseman?
Don't act like you don't know
r/thisismylifenow
Yup. I've lived on a farm all my life. We mixed our horses and goats together. We also have a donkey in there. They are the best. The goats will follow the heard but they do there own thing. 
GIF with flying goat would be hit of the ~~internet~~ reddit
I swear ive read elsewhere that goats are great to keep around stressed horses because they calm them down
Man fuck that guy!
His mom and dad were not great companions
I'm pretty sure that laugh is ingrained in every kid who watched dexter's lab. All the voices are memorable. 
I didn't know cloning had gotten this far.
hold my horse, im going in
Hey future people!
So I've herd.
That depends on the horse. I grew up with them. We had one appaloosa that managed to kill two cats. It was always trying to stomp them. A goat wouldn't have been able to escape at all.
Hence the saying, to get his/her goathttp://www.dictionary.com/browse/get-someone-s-goat
I read on a similar reddit post that Horses spook easy, and having a barn goat helps with this.
They're just kidding around. 
> He's got the most ~~horse~~  *goat*power
Cannot unhear(?)
Don't act like you don't know!
I don't know about you but I found this video of two goats prancing around on a giant goat adorable!
fascinatingly wrong. Here's a link that explains there is no evidence for what /u/anotherturingmachine said being true. http://www.phrases.org.uk/meanings/get-your-goat.html
Apparently they had problems with the goat that played him:  http://www.hollywoodreporter.com/news/black-phillip-real-story-behind-871974
But it feels good to be out of the rain
It felt good to get out of the rain 
Reminds the movie spirit. 
Horse sized goats sounds great!
I like your problem solving skills. 
We're gunna need a bigger goat!
The horses didn't do it intentionally. They were actually pretty friendly with the goats.There was a small fenced section between the barn and the main pastures that you had to go through. We had left it open so the horses could get in and out of the barn for water since the one in their pasture had broken. Four horses and some of the goats were in that small pasture interchange area and something spooked them and the horses all bolted. The goats sort of got caught in it and knocked to the ground and stepped on in the process. The two larger horses both weight around 2000 pounds and the smaller two weighed around 1200. That amount of weight concentrated into a hard and small area like a hoof onto your skull or trachea is a pretty good way to die very fast.After that we kept the remaining goats in a separate pasture from the horses but they'd hang out near the fence with each other even after that. It was just an unfortunate accident, but it's always made me nervous since then. I think most of the issue with ours was the tight space they were in when it happened. Goats can get out of the way if they can go to the side, but when it's narrow and they can't horses are just so much faster and heavier they can kill them without even realizing it.
Of course.
Include me in the screenshot
Isn't that the horse from Horsin' Around?
What is this, a crossover episode?
Plus donkeys are good for coyote deterrence. Donkeys *hate* coyotes.
It probably depends on the horse.
[me too](https://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/5tfcfc/today_this_horse_tomorrow_the_world/ddmckou)
I know I've heard you're supposed to do that in *stables* so they don't get lonely or anxious. maybe it's different in wide open pen or if you have more than one horse? (supposedly it's even the origin of get your goat(you take it to get the horse stressed and influence the race))
When my family had horses and goats,  we used to let the babies run around until one of the higher strung mares started stepping on their necks when they came near her 
The teeth brushing in the same rhythm really stuck with me. 
hold your own horses
It was nice knowing you.
Get out. 
Inpredictable af. There's a gif somewhere of a horse eating a live chicken. 
Huh. TIL. 
Interesting!
I dunno if she really appreciated all the horseplay while she was lying down... 
or Horsin' Around
Goat
Why do people keep making everything goats? When I took my grandson to the Cavaliers versus Celtics game in Boston he kept telling me the one player was a goat. I don't understand some of these new trends at all. 
I think you're missing the fact that an artificial intelligence just posted incorrect information on reddit that looked true at first glance but is woefully misinformed. If that doesn't pass the turing test I don't know what does. 
That article claims there is no evidence to support the origin story, yet offers no other explanation. That doesn't prove it's wrong. Articles like that really steal my horse's goat!
Fuckin rainy deserts.
In the desert you can't remember your name.
Until one tries to ram you.
With new licking action!
Why can't we have goat sized horses 
so... horses?
Ah, OK. I've always wondered if some horses don't like goats. 
This is pretty much how one of our dogs died 
No, I thought he was dead. 
My in-laws recently got a mule and he is apparently the guard animal (from mostly coyotes) for some of their goats. I had no idea this was a thing until they told me.
If you think donkeys hate coyotes, look at lammas. They hate all canines, and I don't mean Make angry noises and move away I mean psychotically try to kill them 
thanks
Don't be like that :( He's only trying to stirrup a pun thread. 
*Goat out.
[Warning: Mildly upsetting?](https://media.giphy.com/media/yDVlu9xu8RUSQ/giphy.gif)Also, [cows do it too](http://i.imgur.com/2lhBYNJ.jpg).
She told them, get off you high horse!
This is my Horse, My Horse is Amazing!
lol just in case you aren't joking, GOAT=greatest of all time
Hm, dunno what to believe.  Well thanks!
It happens. This is America!
Ewe*
Bye bye Lil Sebastian 
That's too much man! 
Snake Plisskin?
I'm curious now. If they are *guard* animals, are coyotes afraid of donkeys/mules then? Do coyotes actually go after mules? They seem like they would be a little big for a coyote.
true
But pmmeyouradorablecats said neigh...
There's already a pun thread about this post. I support /u/pmmeyouradorablecats's attempt to rein this one in.
But he did make a pun.   A get is an animal's offspring :)
Cud it out.
WHY ARE GOATS SO GREAT? I feel so out of touch sometimes. 
seriously... monsoon season in the desert is epic.
Alternative desert. For reals though, new Mexico gets some fantastic rain storms, better than Seattle. Just not nearly as often 
Yowza yowza bo bowza!...=(
You ever hear the phrase kicks like a mule? If you want to see most of a coyote achieve flight, there's a few videos you can search for. The survivors usually leave the mule alone. 
If they aren't afraid to start with they soon learn. They don't just bar teeth or stomp after them, a mule will strait up murder a coyote if they get a hold of them. i'm talking the mule biting its neck and shaking like pit bull until they snap their neck, or getting them on the ground and continually stomping on their heads until well after they stop moving. Also they will do this too dogs too so be careful.
You've got to be kidding
hehehe
You've got to be kidding me. 
These are pretty baaaaaad
I see there's a plan
are all these puns getting your goat?
You goat that right 
Somebody already made the kidding pun in the other thread.Talk about beating a dead baby goat.
You've goat* to be kidding me.
thats all foalks
Now that's a knee slapper. 
Damn it! Huge opportunity missed. 
Spoiler: it doesn't take another bite
That ending was well worth the wait
This is exactly how to do it if you're feeling lazy and just wanna veg for a while.
I was waiting for it take another bite...
Hey *nom* Whatcha doin?
Don't mind me
The end is the best!
I could watch this for hours. The little toes are a nice touch.
Nice loop
Come one, reach for it... I've always wanted to taste human
This makes me feel lazy...
So calm - did not know carrots had this effect.
*smack smack smack*Mornin'
/r/cinemagraphs
Stop!! That's so adorable!!
So cute!!!!!!!!  I want to get one!!!!!  So tiny!!! 
Netflix and Chill status 
Oh my stars this is the cutest thing!!! 
Just keep nibblin', just keep nibblin' nibblin' nibblin'
Is there a subreddit of cute animals nomming on things?
But hamsters are actually deathly allergic to carrots!!!! You just killed that hamster!
Must...chew...exactly 472 times...
Hnng
[It's great to have this :o](http://i.imgur.com/Lj7NaFD.png)
It's like he doesn't have a carrot all
......
Incognito huh.....so what were you looking up there buddy
kthanksbye
http://www.akc.org/content/health/articles/feed-dog-strawberries/Not only is it okay for a dog to eat strawberries it is actually healthy for them! http://www.akc.org/content/health/articles/fruits-vegetables-dogs-can-and-cant-eat/The American kennel club answers most of what dogs can and can't eat in the last link. 
I WANT I WANT I WANT!*oh*...OK... Thanks... I guess...
That dog looked super disappointed.Like when you really want Taco Bell and settle for a microwave burrito.
Cute dog, but that's how you reward (and get more) rude behavior.
I could be eating gravel and my dogs would be like 'hey, can I get some, that looks great u gonna share?!?!'
The dog is cute an all but I must say, She is damn beautiful! Uh!
As adorable as the dog is, this also really bothers me on how untrained that dog is. Someone obviously is giving it whatever it wants with no regard for training.
Black girl rocking that short hair
I think we've all been there before.
That [cat-chicken](https://i.imgur.com/0M02k1s.png) really wants the strawberry
Very cute pup, but that pawing must hurt on the skin. Go forth brave strawberry consumer.
How to train a dog to be bad 101
Please please please let me have  Oh here  Well, that tastes like crap. Fuck this shit, I am out. 
The amount of time she doesn't care that she's being clawed at is astounding. 
shit that was a mistake, off to barfing now
Me..!! Meee!!!!Chews....Kthxbai....
Everything about the girl looks really cool!  I love her look!   Whoever she is, I bet she's cool
How to make your dog disappointed everytime he doesn't get the treat.
Reminds me of the time a lady-friend and I were standing before a strawberry plant, admiring a large, ripe one. My 100 pound Rottweiler, slipped between us and ate the darn thing then and there. What a guy.
Please, lady, help me get over this ledge 
one piece please .thanks.hmm hmmmm...ughhhhh..... ok bye see ya later gotta use the rest room.
What's more impressive is that he only wanted one. Ours would have taken the plate and then proceed to terrorize nearby children for their food too.
I honestly can't tell if this person is 12,22 or 32
Thought it would taste better
I would have come back for a second helping
Yo that is the fuckin dog version of hit n' run
What if the dog was hanging on for its life and it was only trying to get the girl's attention. RIP in peace doggo
This dog is an asshole 
Idk if it's just me but I always fall more in love with the girl than the cuteness of the situation. I want her to feed me strawberries. Or vice versa. 
Probably going to gets his friends now. 
Thank you .. for that.
That was fun! Best reaction ever. Dogs are awesome as cats.
Way to reward that behavior. Your dog would not be permitted to claw you like that. 
Well that de-escalated quickly
Some dogs love strawberries. One of my corgis is obsessive when he knows strawberries are in the house. Want to grow them in the spring? Rips the plants out of the ground and shreds the place. Just the berry plants, ignores everything else. We'll see how the raised plant beds work out this year but I'm guessing he'll find a way. 
And that's how effective Trump's wall will be 
That girl is pretty
My neighbor's dog loves strawberries, so I planted more in my strawberry patch for her.  She gets as many as she wants during strawberry season.
People who eat with their mouth open bother me.
she is cute
You can't have a strawberry. You're just a stupid kid. 
Mmmmmmmmmmmm
Dad's voice: STOP FEEDING THE DOGS!
On second thought...
I have made a mistake.
Yup just one, that's all I needed.
lol, that dog looks like he went to puke the strawberry.
And regrets it instantly. 
That dog's name is Wilson
So did he eat it or spit it out? I have to know
I made a big mistake... 
Dog:What the %$#@ was that I just ate?
'My job here is done '
I think the dog thought it was meat  
Just one, thank you!
Or so he thought 
Looks like the plant on the right really wants some too.
He was just trying to maintain balance and find a good stance for the first few secs, and then when he starts eating the strawberry he realizes he needs to chew it up before swallowing it whole so he drops it on the ground to examine and break up into smaller bites. Source: am a derg owner
I was cooking once a while back, my roommates dog walked up to me, climbed up my leg to beg, apparently dinner smelled good
At least he was happy with just one. He's not a greedy dog. 
r/instant_regret
My dog LOVES strawberries. 
Never-mind, thought it was a meatball. 
My dog does this with carrots. She sees you eating carrots, and she will not leave you alone until you have given her one.
Yup...One is my limit for my daily diet.
Wish my dog was like that. You give him something and he will just keep antagonizing you.
it was more of a oh that's what your eating... gross..
r/instantregret
Love ya and leave ya. 
[Yup.](https://youtu.be/GwQW3KW3DCc?t=3s)
Dogs are like little children. They see something that looks interesting and they go bananas until they get it. Then, once they get it and find out they don't like it, they move on quickly to the next thing. 
I can hear her smacking her lips, chewing with her mouth opened like a hobo. 
That's a down vote for strawberries.  
He looked desperate as hell
The two most downvoted comment types on here are 1. Lewd comments about the girl (good job, people!), and 2. Suggestions that this dog's invasive, controlling behavior is an undesirable trait.I have generally thought that many people were simply unaware about dog pack language and the importance of effectively training their dogs, but in reading the comments on this post, I begin to suspect that people actively dislike the whole idea of it.  Please understand that a dog's behavior represents a distinct language of sorts, and your response to it's commands gives it messages that you may not be aware of.  It's important to learn this pack language and use it to teach them how to successfully navigate our human society, to foster the dog's greatest potential for mental health and stability.TL;DR Don't let your dog push you around. The inconsistency in pack order (perceived by the dog) creates insecurity, and can lead to varying levels of neurosis.  
I like how he/she was trying to get her attention by grabbing her shoulder
Wish my pup liked skrawberries
am I the only one wondering why this was being filmed? And why the camera is on a tripod? 
Thing is, my dog actually LOVES strawberries, wouldn't stop after the first.
That girls reaction is awesome
yeah cats hate strawberries too but they somehow manage not to eat them.
wELL DAMN, JACKIE. I CAN'T CONTROL THE WEATHER! 
Then realizes he doesn't like them
Gimme gimme gimme gimme!...ew why would you give that to me hooman?
He's like .. nope.
I got what i wanted and no i don't need you anymore - that's not a dog its a can under dogs skin) 
That food?Yeah...I want food!!ok....Chomp ChompThat not food bye now...ok....
This dog needs a TV show 
me.
Who...Who's dog is that?
Cute dogCuter girl
Hey! That Lrig is Ehsa Ruhtra!
Not Aww. Untrained dogs' not cute.
Aaaand, now the the dog is poisoned. good job. Don't give your dogs fruit, people. Especially grapes and strawberries
i hate ppl who eat with their mouth open
It really bothers me how she chews ... I can hear her smacks ... AHHHH
The dog was humping the wall
strawberries suck, U need sugar or cream to make it taste a little bit better.
When men beg and beg and beg you to put out.... Then what happens next. 
I do not understand why people let their dogs behave in that manner, then gripe about their dogs being ill-behaved.If you teach a dog that it's OK to be an asshole, it's going to be an asshole.This isn't Aww at all, it's more /r/mildlyinfuriating 
[deleted]
I would punch that dog. Their nails hurt 
I wonder why that dog begs for food?
Not gonna lie, I'd be beggin for some of her strawberry too.edit: I'd instead of if
Cute girl, cute dog, cute toes. 
Anyone know who this girl is? 
I don't want to be 'that guy' but I'm pretty sure dogs are not supposed to have strawberries. People don't realize that dogs have certain dietary restrictions when it comes to a wide range of the foods we eat. My dog, Sophie, once swallowed a peach pit someone discarded in our yard and got deathly ill. Luckily it got caught in her small intestine and was able to be removed via surgery which took a 4 hour drive upstate and cost about $2k. She was fine for the most part but died in September from stomach cancer. TLDR; check before you feed your dog anything.EDIT: That's what I get for beer with my cereal instead of milk. Sorry all, I just miss my dog. Please don't pull a me and research you dietary restrictions.
I think it was more of a Nope, don't like that.
No gratitude at all. Rude doggy
Wow, I was gonna ask for someone to tell me why this dog is gonna die now, but glad to know it is alright.
all praise the american kennel club
Oh no.  My dog used to eat grapes.  Not a ton, but if she ever begged I would give her one grape.  I feel like an asshole now.
Golden retriever puppy showing us fruits and veggies that are healthy for dogshttp://content.jwplatform.com/previews/vyThLleM-F8rrYT0cSo cute :)
Are dogs truly omnivorous? 
My old dog loves strawberries! They're allegedly good for inflimation. 
Thanks for this! My black lab loves fruits and veggies, and people think it's bizarre to watch him eat bell peppers and watermelon. 
I've been eating mixed frozen fruits lately and my dog always begs for the strawberries. 
my little chiweenie LOVES strawberries...he twirls around and around until I give him one
> http://www.akc.org/content/health/articles/fruits-vegetables-dogs-can-and-cant-eat/> The American kennel club answers most of what dogs can and can't eat in the last linThey say that dogs eating broccoli is safe, but I disagree. It is quite dangerous to everyone else nearby within a half hour. Pee-Yew. 
Oh good! I always air on the side of caution with fruits and vegetables because I didn't know grapes or tomatoes were bad for dogs until each of them made my dog sick Edit: on a side note, carrots are also good for dogs! :)
Be careful giving them to your dog if you have strawberry plants, though. We let my dog try them, she decided she liked them, and we never got another ripe strawberry off the bush. 
Sorry, I thought that red stuff was meat...
Or when you really want Mexican food but settle for Taco Bell
My dog will constantly do this, beg so hard for something then when I give it to him he goes ew gross then begs for more.
*Fruit?* I thought it was candy! Brb gonna go eat some garbage.
That's still Taco Bell though....
Or like when you really want Taco Bell, then you get Taco Bell........ :(
Probably thought the red foodstuff was meat.
Says a lot since dogs eat shit.According to dogs shit > Strawberries
Like when you really want Taco Bell and get Taco Bell.
How is taco bell now? It's been at least 10 years since I've been. Fond memories
Instant downvotes, but it's true. If my dog jumped on me and scratched me to shit trying to eat off my plate, that'd be the first thing she wouldn't be getting.
My first thoughts as well! Cute idea, but it's a shame how they're mistraining the dog.
especially with a dog that size. they're gonna hurt your guests. 
True, but you gotta have a little fun with your pet once in a while too
I wonder if I kept pawing at her if she'd relent and let me eat her.
Cuter girl 
Its dogs...who gives a fuck?Their lives are so short its pointless not spoil the shit out of them.My dog barely shakes hands when I ask her to. This is like Dog 101.But now she has cancer and God knows how long and I dont regret anything.Literally the most ruined dog. She exists to be happy, to eat, be walked and be petted and loved.Besides...this is how dogs speak.Maybe if the girl in the gif asked the dog to sit maybe the dog would actually back off.
I have to yell at my dog to not eat rocks 
Christ, every gif with a girl in it...
I knowww 
Great. Now i need to look up shaved ebony porn.
Shaved head tho 
The important thing is that you got to feel superior to a stranger in a gif on the Internet. 
At least they aren't horribly training a pitbull, America's most dangerous bree.... oh wait.
Good thing it's not your dog then, huh?
That wasn't KD?
I thought she might have been recovering from chemo, so also good for her.
and?
For real. My thoughts: She's cute. Oh, she's buzzed her hair. Still cute though. Hittin' us with that Sinead O'Connor realness. 
/r/comedycemetery
BRB Renaming all my Jolteons
Taaaaaart!
Will not leave you alone because you keep giving her one.
I'm pretty sure she is really young.. 
Me too
Hahah. Come on people, that's actually pretty funny.
Oh wow you guys both reposted the same repost? The humanity!
And I'd punch you 
Because it's a dog 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bvL_N0Yt2SI
Dude, she looks like 12, 14 tops...
don't 
lol doxxing
No, strawberries are fine for dogs. 
Well yeah a peach pit is bad but peaches are fine. Strawberries are fine and they don't have pits. I think grapes/raisins are bad for dogs. But my dogs love fruit and carrots for treats. 
We've asked our vet about it.  She only cautioned us to limit the really sweet fruits like grapes.  Apparently the amount of sugar is higher than she would recommend they eat. Also, your dog got sick because it ate a large object that could not be digested.  That is a completely different issue.  
>I'm pretty sureTry being at least basically informed on a topic before going on a rant.  
Go home Ken M
Yeah, it looks like a wtf, that's not meat.
*barfing sounds behind the wall*
Strawberries are my dog's #1 favorite food. If I open a box and start cutting them, he smells them and comes running. 
ive made a huge mistake!
Proceeds to vomit in bushes
This dog is going to die now from old age. Happy?
We don't know if it was an organic non-GMO strawberry. That dog may have very well ingested a lethal poison**to very very tiny insects
You can feed them grapes too.
Sneak peak of John Wick 2
westsiiideminster kennel club represent
Depending on size dogs can handle a lot of bad stuff. Our dog got into a chocolate cake once. We were terrified but she lived to be 16.
Meh, I take some of that list with a grain of salt.  We had muscadine grapevines in our backyard and our dogs absolutely loved to eat grapes off of them when they were ripe.  Who KNOWS how many they ate.  One lived to 15 (had other, non related health issues) and the other to 16 (also unrelated issues).  Neither had any problems due to their grape snacking(: 
> Why the hell are my humans giving me all these things to eat in weird locations outside?
Yes
They're food vacuum cleaners.
Not really, but they're just adapted carnivores. Certainly and provably not obligate carnivores like cats.
Generally, your dog probably shouldn't be vegan.But, they eat more than meat.
Omg yes my dug loves watermelon he's crazy for it 
I always err on the side of caution
Or when you really want food from Mexico and settle for Mexican food
Thanks for reminding me.  I should go find a Taco Bell to try some naked tacos.
There it is. 
He must have given me the bad stuff, but I *know* that he is actually eating something else that is tasty!- My dog.
My dad made my old dog eat an orange peel once. He was so bad for begging and my dad had an orange peel on the table. Our dog wanted it so bad and when dad finally gave it to him, he obviously spit it out. Nope. Dad made him eat it to teach him a lesson lol. 
One of the best decisions we made with our current dog is to never ever feed him while we're eating. He knows there's no chance of getting food so he never hangs around while we eat, even though he's a Lab so he wants to eat all the things all the time. Contrast that to a family member's little dogs: she feeds them once in a while from the table so they hang around underfoot constantly whining and begging during every meal time. It's annoying as hell. 
Stop calling out about instant downvotes. You made this comment within in the same hour time frame as your first one. Getting a few downvotes doesn't equal instant downvotes.
She looks *quite* young.
There's a difference between spoiling a dog and reinforcing bad behavior. If you give a dog a reward every time it begs and jumps on you, it starts to think begging and jumping on you is how it gets a reward. Pretty simple.Sorry to hear about your dog being sick. Best wishes.
My dog is my constant companion and sidekick. Spoiled rotten too, no less. It is not only important, but vital that she be well behaved with other people and in new situations. When she was a puppy, I would work a 45 hour work week, then come home every day to spend another several hours training my dog and spending time with her. Well behaved dogs are not an accident; they are the result of hours of dedication and commitment. My idea of owning a dog is not the be-all, end-all, of course, and I recognize this. It's just what works for me and her.I'm sorry to hear about your dog. :(
I had to pry a rock out of my dogs mouth last week. Dude just really wanted to eat it. 
My aunt has got a husky that keeps saying rocks. Had to get them surgically removed twice. 
It's fascinating, really.
Only if they hot though.
The fact that the girl looks underage makes it even worse
Seriously. even worse since she's clearly a child
I'm 12 and what is this
That's morbid but damn if it isn't hilarious!!
Do you mean that in the Dat shaved head though  or Shaved head 
It looks really good on her, right? 
That feel when downvoted for preferences.
I don't know man. I share /u/canoodlerstar 's opinion, but not because I want to feel superior to this lovely lady, rather because i'm worried for the dog, its behavior and effects it can have.Often when don't train their pets, or train them incorrectly it's not because they're bad people or are stupid, it's just that they don't happen to have the specific knowledge. Doesn't make them lesser people.I do, however, always prefer to see pets taught well, so they can happily function in our society, in most, if not all situations. Best for everyone, no?
There's one on every fucking gif...
That lady is gorgeous! And the dog os adorable! Ive just seen and have trained some lovely dogs, and this is usually what people complain about when it comes to their pets.Its good to see a SJW in the wild. Nice talking with you! Cheers!
I mean, I suppose? What am I supposed to say to that?~~Dont take everything so personal :-)~~
it good
Because it's not been trained to behave.Source: I've had many dogs, none of them begged like that.
This guy gets it. Thought its simultaneously stupid and hilarious to see my honest words get so much salt, and so rapidly.
Exactly.. People here are being real weird 
Grapes are incredibly toxic for dogs.
Dogs are actually omnivores 
Those claws are crazy long.
When I cut strawberries up, I put the tops in my dog's bowl. He loves that.
:(
Why have you done this to me? Does he at least get to go to heaven like all dogs?
I mean. Kinda? That's the outcome we're looking for here. 
I like to imagine there is a heaven for dogs where they play fetch and chase squirrels all day, then curl up next to their human friends and snuggle all night. 
This very aladeen.
I mean, most of those poisons are probably pretty lethal to big mammals as well, in a big enough dosage. I wouldn't go around chugging bottles of pesticides.
You are a bad man
Don't tell me she ate the cake at her 16th birthday :(
The good news is that chocolate cake is mostly cake, with only a little chocolate in it.  I bet your dog felt nothing besides mild indigestion.
One of my Dobies ate an entire bag of individually wrapped York Peppermint Patties and had no ill effects (thank God). The vet told us to expect festive poops and yes, they were.
My parents had a dog who died a little before I was born, black lab malamute mutt, who was given chocolate pudding by my grandmother, and he lived for a while after
[deleted]
The problem with dogs and grapes is that it varies wildly from dog to dog. One dog may eat grapes all the time and be fine while another will eat only 2 grapes and go into complete renal failure. You can't possibly know until it's too late. Am I going to take that chance? Absolutely not.
Since you're getting downvoted, I'll elaborate: Functionally they're omnivores, but scientifically, they're somewhere inbetween carnivore and omnivore. They still maintain most of the distinctions that make them carnivores. For example, omnivores and herbivores have a preference towards salty foods, since sodium is hard to find in vegetation, but abundant in meat. Domestic dogs (along with their wolfy relatives) can't actually taste salt, or at least have no preference between salty and non-salty foods. Also feral dogs, ones that don't depend on human scraps/refuse almost completely revert back to being solely carnivores, although they tend to scavenge a lot more than hunt (and definitely don't take down big game).But yeah, they are not obligate carnivores like cats are, so there are plenty of non-meat foods that can be a regular part of their diet.
Lol k
Or when you really want food from Mexico, but there's a damn wall stopping you. 
Or when you really want Taylor swift and settle for your wife
You just have to find the right place, if there aren't Mexicans back their making the food with a bucket of lard then run out the door. 
Disappointing, IMO.  Worth a try, though.  Might as well get the $5 box
That's kind of harsh.... Simply letting him learn his own lession would've sufficed I'd say
My mom does this with her dog and cat and I can't stand it. I have to stop her from feeding my cats when she eats too. She wonders why my cats never beg.
I give my dog small amounts of scraps regularly; she is spoiled for chicken fingers and fries! The difference is that she can't be staring or otherwise begging, both things I absolutely hate. She has to be settled and relaxed in her bed, then I'll give it to her. Sometimes that's well after I've finished eating.
We have two small dogs that get table scraps occasionally, but they know that if they make any noise or jump or go under the table or anything, the possibility is gone. They're rewarded for their patience with a small scrap every few days. 
Only works if you never stop for from the table by accident. We have kids, so  our greedy little shit is constantly underfoot playing the odds. 
The salt sustains me.My comment was -3 within 5 minutes of posting.
U wot m8?Shes definitely in her 20s
I swallow small rocks. I enjoy the sensation of pushing them out when i poop.
Lol, no different when it's an attractive dude. Nothing fascinating about people being attracted to attractive people.
Not really. This girl, like it or not, is objectively attractive (lack of prognathism, rounded skull, etc.) and many girls are not. Men like attractive women and shouldn't have to apologize for it. I would say the same for any women noticing attractive guys.
Don't you dare point that out. You'll get downvoted.
Early to mid 20's would be my guess.Besides, is it not ok to even point out that a younger woman is pretty anymore without being called a cho-mo?
.....you'll figure it out soon enough
Basically licorice flavored version of this:http://cdn.funcheap.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/06/underpass-park-4.jpg
Let's assume former.
Lol where did you get the idea I was taking it personally? It was a joke. :)Edit: For the record, I agree with you 100%
COnfirmed. My FIL killed his lab 2 years ago feeding it grapes.
, meaning they eat exclusively omni 
I believe the correct terminology is *multivore.*
It's like Vore-fluid, but not on the internet.
Meaning they eat bun with their chzbarga.You ever try to give a pooch a carrot or an apple? Their look says it all.
I don't know if anything eats strictly meat. I think a carnivore is something that eats mostly meat. 
):(
[You know it bud](http://img2.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb2/alldogsgotoheaven/images/5/50/Wiki-background)
[all your questions answered](https://youtu.be/tOOTYsZiHjU)
>  I wouldn't go around chugging bottles of pesticides.What if you got a ton of upvotes for doing it though?
I would
Das beste!
Lol, a sweet 16, death by chocolate. No she ate the cake probably a good ten years before.
How festive?
This is absolutely incorrect and dangerous to say. Dogs cannot [metabolize theobromine as well as humans](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Theobromine_poisoning) which makes it more toxic for them. LD50 dosages are more than three times as high for humans than dogs. Nor is it 1/7 of your body weight. Maybe for 40% milk chocolate for humans, but for baker's chocolate in dogs it's closer to 3% of their body weight. My 50 pound dog ate about 8-9 oz of 70% dark chocolate chips once and got quite sick from it - that's a mere 1% of his body weight.
I dunno, 2 oz of bakers chocolate can severely sicken or kill a 20 lb dog.  The darker the chocolate, the less it takes to poison the dog.  White chocolate is practically harmless, milk chocolate requires a significant amount to cause more than indigestion, but darker chocolate can kill with very little.
This sounds like a challenge, bro. 
Yea, I work at an animal hospital and see the effects 1 or 2 grapes has on a pet. Multiple pups have gotten renal failure from it, it sucks. 
or you just want a normal dam day and there is a cake in the way  happy cake day.
Just go to the Mexican neighborhood look for little hole in the wall looking taco place. 
and there it is
Or when you really want a wall but there's common sense stopping you.
Are u my ex cuz that's literally what happened lmao
I did exactly that! I liked it.  I liked it a lot more than most of the stuff at Taco Bell, but then again I don't really like Taco Bell very much. Don't mean to sound hipster but I prefer [authentic tacos](https://justsweetlove.files.wordpress.com/2012/10/img_3139.jpg) by far.
The same dog once ran by my little cousin, snatched a pickle out of his hand, then spat it out. He was a hyper-active lab that needed a lot of alternative training. He would always run really far ahead on walks in the forest or gravel pits and disappear. No matter what we did, he wouldn't stop doing it. We had to hide on him a few times and let him panic looking for us until he finally figured out to at least check in rather than run off for ten minutes. 
We used to feed our cats morning and night, but I would always give them a little steamed milk if I had just made a coffee.Soon they'd just hear the buzz of the coffee machine and come to see if I'm having one with milk ;)I also used to buy tiny bags of pre-grated cheese and teach them to do tricks in exchange for a strand or two a day. Those lil cuties walking on their little back legs!! 
Dogs beg; cats *demand*.
Im not a doctor but i dont think that's healthy 
Has absolutely nothing to do with that.  The point is you can't have a pic of gif of any female even ***remotely*** attractive without someone commenting on it.  It'd be different if the post was about the actual girl, but there could be a gif of a man feeding his iguana Doritos as his wife walks through the house, and someone would comment on it.
I love the moral outrage. We're here to be entertained, not cure cancer. Some people were entertained by the dog -- good for them. I was too. Some people (mostly straight guys) were entertained by the girl. They commented on it. They didn't catcall her, rape her, or say her looks were all that mattered.The fact is the male sexual response cycle is strongly visual, and sex for young, healthy guys is every bit as interesting and comment-worthy as a dog scarfing down a berry.   
early 20s? she looks like a teenager. also this thread is not just people calling her pretty. 
Forreal it sounded very sarcastic. My apologies!
Actually, it means they eat more than one vore.
Do carnivores only eat circus folk? I would expect then they would also eat cabbage.
It means they eat any kind of food and most things that are not food.
Cats of all kinds, polar bears, hyenas. Look up obligate carnivores and hyper carnivores. http://www.newworldencyclopedia.org/entry/Carnivore
I'm guessing you've never tried to feed a vegetable to a cat.
Well yeah, obviously for *that* I would. But any other case? No thank you!
I understand, chocolate cake gives you ten more years.    Brb, buying 10 cakes.
Minty farts and wrapping confetti.
[deleted]
THE CAKE IS A LIE!
Now see, that's just cute. A treat is one thing, but so many people give these babies processed food on a daily basis and sometimes as full meals. That's when it's unhealthy.
Nah, he's getting his minerals.
https://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/5t4oeg/what_did_we_do_to_deserve_dogs/No different when it's a dude.
Bullshit.> even **remotely** attractiveLMAO, I have never understood why women are so angered by the fact that men find a very high percentage of women attractive, and have a strong instinctual lust for a larger percentage of them. What is objectively bad about that?> a funny/sad/otherwise video that just happens to have a girl in it and it draws irrelevant comments about her looksI get it, but still **complete bullshit**. One of the top comments in that video of the dad crying because his stepdaughter gave him adoption papers was noting how hot he is. Women and men both notice hot people regardless of the circumstances, and I don't think any should apologize for it. Is this all because you think noticing looks means we're somehow undermining or unaware of their character traits? Who they are as a person? Seriously, the fact that you think that's *objectifying* shows you sort of have a puritanical way of thinking. Just because you're drawn to a hot person doesn't mean that's *all you're thinking about!!*. Fucking 90s soccer mom baptist church choir sort of mindset.
Yeah, even though people will take offense and get defensive about this as though you are accusing them personally for having found her attractive.  It's not finding women attractive, it's feeling the need to bring that up when it's irrelevant.  When people comment on how attractive a man is, it's because he could legitimately be a model, he's distractingly photogenic to the point where you'd suspect they're a movie or TV star or a model.Same deal if a woman is slightly unattractive.  Slightly unattractive women seem to get a lot more comments about their appearance than unattractive men, if a guy is getting comments he has to be ugly as sin or disfigured or *something* to draw notice.
> also this thread is not just people calling her pretty.No, and those people *should* be downvoted and reported.I'm not referring to those people.
No worries!
Four?
2 vore 4 me
Omni means all. Not more than one.
I would hope so, what with all the calories they miss out on as a result of the small hands 
You are right. But my point still stands that dogs are carnivores even if their diet isn't 100% meat. 
Fish. Many many fish species have a fish only diet. 
Cat nip is a plant
I've known cats that like canteloupe and corn on the cob.  
I'm guessing you've never had to protect the broccoli from your Orange Chicken from your cat.... those paws are lightning fast.
[corm](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ljMODw-fXaI)
My cat eats potatoes, even in potato chip form.
Why stop at 10 keep eating chocolate cakes and become immortal
Maybe upset stomach, but if we're going pound for pound, I've eaten 10 oz of bakers chocolate before.  Mostly I just felt bad for eating junk.  I didn't vomit, get nauseous, or have diarrhea.  I didn't get the shakes, or start to seize, or have to get my stomach pumped.It may not be healthy for a human, but it's unlikely to kill.Edit: addendum
Not on the verge of death, sick. You're being ignorant.
Getting sick is a big step away from dying. 
Alternative cakes.
I always felt a little bit guilty giving my cats even a little bit of cheese like that, but they were both pretty old at that point and it would be like denying an old person chocolate... what's gonna happen, they're not gonna get obese and die before old age kicks in anyway...
I'm sure some women will comment as well.  It's not every time though.
it's not that it's just that you don't have to post a comment about it when it's irrelevant
I mean *FIVE!*  I mean **FIRE**!!!
I was actually agreeing with you, but adding on that there are species that really do eat meat exclusively. Dogs and wolves are not in that group. They're definitely still carnivores, just more adaptable.
That's a piscivore!
You think I want to get REALLY fat?     No no no, I actually thought this through. I'm going to eat ten cakes, gain a bit weight, and then have A HUNDRED YEARS to lose that weight again. Then I can repeat the cycle for eternity!    Foolproof plan, I'm a genius.
You guys are weird.
:(
It's *all* irrelevant, though. How is any part of this post helping anybody in practical terms? We're just here to have fun and let off steam. Mentioning how pretty you found the girl is just as relevant as mentioning how cute you think the dog is, or any other tidbit.   
Dear Sir/Madam,            Fire! Fire! Help me! 123 Carrendon Road. Looking forward to hearing from you. All the best, Maurice Moss.
/r/unexpectedmoss
Five is right out.
Thanks for making me laugh, I love that episode.Have an upvote.
Oh I see, sorry I didn't get that the first time. I thought you were just pointing out that there was things that ate only meat.
I'm a pescapescatarian, ...only eat fish that eat other fish.
Or would it be ichthyovore?
We're here to look at cute pets and go aww'
This is why I have trust issues
Eventually they become randomnivores
Sure, but that doesn't mean that's all we have to do. Tangents are OK. Fun can be had!
I don't know what a quoll is, but I have fallen in love with its little rodent face and polka dots! I would like to surprise my family with a half dozen of these creatures.
It's a Bambi rat.
>The quoll is a carnivorous marsupial **native to mainland Australia**, New Guinea, and Tasmania.Ok. How can it kill me?
Smoll Quoll
For the inquiring: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Quoll
It's a pokermin
It's a quoll roll.A roll of quoll.
(Looks up quoll on Google images)
Whaaaaat 
Lol looks like a pokemon.
That's quollity
Looks like a wee little billy bumbler
It's dangerous to go alone. Take this.
Wow- cuteness overload!
Does it keeps its spots? It's very cute.
The polka dots are cute.  
Looks so soft. And tired.
This quoll is smol
What even is a quoll?
DJ Quoll
What the fuck is a quoll give it to me.
Put it back before it wakes up. Those little fuckers will take a finger off. 
That's a pokemon.
Quoll is smoll 
I'm dying of cuteness!
Thought it said baby troll and I was perplexed. 
A baby quollhttps://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/4zp129/baby_quoll/?ref=search_postshttps://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/4xpvu1/a_baby_quoll/?ref=search_postshttps://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/4maqfa/a_baby_quoll/?ref=search_posts
Closest thing Australia had to a cat before colonisation.They're small marsupial predators, though sadly endangered due to habitat destruction, foxes, and cane toads.
Me too. It's cute af 
Another reason they they are going extinct is because females are only ready to mate for an extremely short period of time, and it's never the same for each female. So sometimes when a male finally finds a lady ready to do the nasty, he gets so excited he kills her by accident. Oh and they are mean and eat chickens and probably your pets too. :) 
username checks out
I'm not a biologist but...

They're actually bloody brutal. I live in a farm in rural Tasmania and the little mongrels tear our chooks to pieces leaving pieces of dead chook everywhere, which traumatises the hens so much they stop laying for days.They look cute but they're like gremlins who have been fed after midnight. 
Well I mean it has teeth, so i imagine like anything with teeth it can rip out your jugular or rip open any of your arteries for example. Or it can maybe just like trip you down some stairs or give you a horrible disease like rabies. Maybe it can jam itself down your throat and choke you out?
Thank god, I almost had to type it into google. You're a hero.According to the wiki, the quoll's closest relatives are the thylacine, the numbat, the dunnart, and the wambenger.Great job with naming your animals, Australia.
Pokieman
Falls in love with a quoll
AKE
Yep 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tiger_quoll?wprov=sfsi1TLDR; carnivorous marsupial from Australia. http://i.imgur.com/Mp2RxM8.jpg 
I don't get the big deal, closest one you linked was 5 months ago, seems like a fair amount of time. I'd never seen any of the previous posts of this, so it was new to me.
Thanks, Jesus
So this is a pocketed rat cat?  Or a rat pocket cat?Is it venomous?
And feral cats
> cane toadswait, toads eat these things ?
Chooks being chickens? Or is this something I'm not aware of?
I wonder if cats ever go after chicken.
Well, since it's a marsupial, the chances of it carrying rabies are extremely low. While it's not entirely impossible for a marsupial to contract rabies, it's extremely rare because they have a much lower body temperature than other mammals. 
Go for the juggler!
No rabies in Australia. Our animals have to find other fun ways to kill you instead. 
Falls in love once and almost completely
Squee!
I agree, no one cares about reposts on r/aww. If it's cute and OP doesn't claim ownership, it's all good. 
Normally I would agree, but the first one was me, so I feel like I should gather my pitchfork
They told you it's Australian 
Well they are known for killing chickens and eating only their heads and draining the blood and leaving the rest.
Well don't put it in your pocket.
No, but don't eat cane toads they're deadly.
No, they eat the roads and die to the toxin in the skin
Yes a chook is a chicken 
It's not unknown but generally cats go after pray small enough not to risk taking a lot of damage, for a wild/feral animal a bad injury means a slow lingering death.Domestic cats are even less likely to risk it when they have idiots with opposable thumbs and tin openers.Note: I said generally before I get *My cat once brought back half a rhino* stories.
I moved to a farm, took my very spoiled city cat with me.  She tried to go after a bantam hens chicks.  First & last time she tried it.  Never piss of a bantam rooster with almost 2 long spurs. 
Not really. I don't know why.. maybe because chooks can actually be quite aggressive and fight back? We have a few stray cats we've seen from some feral neighbour's house, but they've never gone after the chooks. Quolls take 1-2 chooks every few months though. They're an actual concern. On par with birds of prey, but you can stop them with overhead netting.. quolls will gnaw through steel mesh, tunnel under the fences, and gnaw at gaps in the gates to make them wider. 
I grew up with chickens and a big tough tom cat. He only tried it once. After that he'd stalk them from a distance but scramble away as fast as possible if it looked like they'd noticed him.Dogs, on the other hand, will murder chickens. They go for the throat and shake until the neck breaks.
Did you take the photo?
Still gotta check. If it's venomous, then it should be safe to eat. If it's poisonous, it might make a neat pet.
That makes sense.See, my cat is known for killing mice and leaving the heads where you will find them with a bare foot at night.Since this is where everything is upside down or backwards, it is only reasonable that the rat pocket cat would only eat the head.
Yep, they annihilated my chickens.I was woken about 3am one morning and heard them going crazy. Then the sound stopped. I told.myself if I heard them again I'd go out and check.I didn't.I got up in the morning to let them into the yard, and saw I had seven chickens, all headless and the pen with minimal blood splatter.I thought it was a fox, but no holes under the fence.A neighbour lost all his chooks the next night.
So it's  a baby chupacabra 
And how can that kill me
Even an innocent little laying hen can easily slice your wrist/arm/leg/extremities open if you piss one off. I stepped on ones foot once and had to extricate his beak from my shin flesh. 
Like they said, it's Australain. So yes.
Is a chook a chicken?
Christ. I'm sorry about that, man. At least it was quick.
>laying hen >his beakPick one. 
Yup!
That donkey shows more courtesy than most drivers
Back in my country, farmers use donkeys to transport from their farm to the local public market or the farmers square!What some farmers do is own more than one donkey, show them the way from the farm to the place! And they would put stuff on the donkeys and let them go by them selves!Works like a charm as donkeys are really good at remembering the locations and their owner! 
I am going to believe the donkey and dog are off to rescue their cat friend who was the third member of their band but was stolen by an evil man who just wanted the cat to perform in his circus. Edit. Spelling. 
WTF bro? You've been riding my ass this whole time, and when I let you pass, you slow down?!
This is like a dream. I would have flipped if I saw this in real life. 
Lol that's so adorable
That ass is hauling dog.
Not the first time an ass was working for a bitch. 
I've heard this was pretty common throughout history.  Point animal to home, and all animal wants to do is go home and get fed.  Autonomous delivery is only new to us in the modern age!
What Disney movie is this? 
That is a ridiculously photogenic donkey
Where are their parents? 
Poor donkey
What the actual fuck.
So what exactly am I waiting for?
That'll do donkey. That'll do.
I find this oddly soothing 
Hey man...get off my ass....
Do you think it's named Veronica Vaughn?  Because that's one nice piece of aaaaiiiise. 
What a smartass! 
That donkey is all like will you please hurry, what is taking you so long?.
I feel like watching this to the end for nothing
Yea..who ever should be riding that.. their head is in the bag
The musicians from Bremen before joining up with the cat and roaster,  1689 colourized
This is my new favorite gif
Is this uber's new autonomous vehicle?
Where's the rooster?
When a jackass has more common courtesy than 90% of the people I meet on the road
They look sad :(
I am an assman.
What am I waiting for?
Man, I have the sudden urge for a big loyal ass.
Why is this so funny?
[I've no Idea what I'm doing](http://icetothebrim.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/02/i-have-no-idea-what-im-doing.jpeg)                        
I'm concerned, did the owner die? Or is he trusting them to be on autopilot?
I think I want to make a donkey friend now
Cute ass mule.
um, what is my dog doing? 
Was expecting an IED
Good show, donkey.Good donkey show.hmm... I mean...
Ifvthey were goinf somewhere this could be the plot of a cartoon movie
The original autonomous vehicle.
The original Tesla. 
How long can a donkey and a dog go without water in a desert? 
There's a Pixar movie to be made out of this
When the plug on house arrest.
Donkey: I've been pulling this dog for miles and somehow I'M the ass!
Fearless ronin pupper
That is an ass worth waiting for. 
All the way from the farm to the bank I suppose.
It's that newfangled self-driving car.
Bitch was driving like an ass.
/r/animalsbeingbros
r/unexpectedhamilton
So they left them both in the desert to die?
I heard that donkeys and horses can get trained to do this by only getting fed in one place
Is this the start to a Disney movie 
Smart ass
Why do I have the feeling there is a farmer somewhere wondering who the hell stole his cart. 
Four legs good. Two legs bad.
That donkeyis so smart I feel like it was rude for the driver to slow down and film it.
Off to storm Bremen
You just witnessed a scene from a fucking Disney movie...
Nice
Where is the human that goes with this cart?
It looks very much like USA under is new leadership. All the way to the bank I suppose. 
If donkeys are that smart, we really have to stop eatin them. 
[But why](https://media.giphy.com/media/1M9fmo1WAFVK0/giphy.gif)
Even mules know to pull over to the right when faster vehicles are behind them.
It's not courtesy, it's intelligence. 
If you're already speeding and someone needs to pass, that's on them
I have a new found respect for asses.
I kinda live near Amish country and a Amish boy had to much to drink in town and he passed out but the horse knew the way home.  Bad thing is the horse couldn't read STOP signs.  Bad accident.
Maybe this gif is what you're describing, but they added a dog for security?
That's a smart ass Ass.
So it's not the dog driving that wagon? He's just for show?
I did not know that. It does seem odd that a farmer in a desert country would forget to tie up is donkey. 
Same thing in Haiti. Pretty cool really 
You type how I'd imagine a golden retriever would. And that is not meant as an insult. 
How is everything not stolen?
Reminds me of [this](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Town_Musicians_of_Bremen).
This definitely has the vibe of an IRL disney movie involving animals
And they come to an understanding with the evil man and the whole band goes on tour opening for the circus!
Reminds me of [this](http://vignette3.wikia.nocookie.net/athfwiki/images/9/94/Danger_cart.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20130627202333)
Perform. Not preform.
No no, the dog was riding the ass 
That ass is hauling bitches 
[Sensible chuckle](http://i.imgur.com/himZD0M.gif)
Lol
 That bitch's ass was working, boi!
Why?
In case you're serious - the revelation that there is no human driver. 
No driver
Until they die 
You're confused. Hillary didnt win. otherwise usa would look like mexico
Who needs autonomous cars if you have this?
And then the guy taking the video did the jackass move of slowing **way** down after he passed.
There's probably a good jackass joke in here somewhere.
This should show at driving classes in WA state. Worst drivers ever
If you're in the left lane and you're not passing it doesn't matter how fast you're going. The left lane is for passing. 
Not sure why that's an unpopular opinion. Speed limits are there for a reason. I'd rather not get a fine. I'd also rather not crash like a mate that went 140 down a 80 zone and couldn't handle the speed when another car 'popped up'.Mind you, the culture around speeding might be vary across countries 
Only when there is multiple lanes. 
I bought a faster car because of people like you.  That's not an insult, or a joke, just a statement of fact. 
Who are you to police others? Fuck off.
Who are you to police others? Fuck off.
Who are you to police others? Fuck off.
Assman?
Damn. Lesson learned. Teach your horse to read.
Ouch!Luckily we don't have stop signs in my country and the entire trip was a dirt road xD
Well it's pretty much the same! But usually they don't put dogs to protect!! Because all the farmers knew each other and they all had eyes watching for others goods on the road in case it get robbed 
He's guarding in this case! 
So you invented and utilized autonomous vehicles centuries ago! 
Best thing if u fall a sleep and the donkey takes u back home :DIt's like Uber for poor people xD 
0.0
Area are secure, and people know each other and see they keep a look for around the area! Plus each farm has like 20 or more guard dogs xD Actually once someone tried!They only found the bones left ! 
Exactly
Thank you
Haha I knew this one was coming. Good stuff.
Doggy style.
The donkey...?
To me it seems like the other driver was also an ass.
Ya Jackass
The left lane where I drive is clearly marked for through traffic. The state law where I live and in 39 other states is that the left lane is a full normal traffic lane.  The right lane is for entering/exiting a highway and for traffic going significantly below the speed limit.Yet because a couple of the states are major population centers most of reddit thinks left lanes are passing lanes.For most of us, they are not.The nearest major traffic city to me in the next state over with their avg 1300 yearly traffic fatalities is reason enough why the but I just wanna pass they should move is fully retarded.  You should never be traveling more than a couple mph more than other traffic.
Where I'm at(US), speed limits are considered a minimum. Cops won't even pull you over unless you're going 10mph+ over, and even then they usually only do it if you're driving erratically. If it's a multilane road, especially if it's a highway, people who want to drive the speed limit or below should stay to the right. The left lane is meant for passing, so if you're not passing, move over. With the popping out thing, I'm kind of split on. I speed regularly, and I'm always looking out for poppers. I'm the one speeding and it's my responsibility to be aware of these potential hazards. However, the other driver needs to be aware of their surroundings too. Mirrors should always be checked before changing lanes and all drivers should know what's going on arround them. Also, even if I'm going 55mph, I could still rear end someone who changes lanes too quickly right in front of me. 
Jokes on you, I own a hellcat and excessively speed over 100.  There's still assholes with form f150s that suddenly need to pass and then slow down and block you every time you try to change lanes
I'm an Assman! *Ski-bi dibby dib yo da dub dub**Yo da dub dub*
You giving me batty chirps bro?
Ass McGee.
I'm Cosmo Kramer... The Ass Man. 
Just maybe now I am
Yes, I'm in proctology. 
Oh wow, that's pretty awesome, they have each others' backs!
may i ask what the name of your country is? sounds like an awesome place
No one tell google. 
No the other driver was a dog. . . the ass was just what he was driving.
O ur edgy
Somehow assman is way lighter than the newfound meaning for the song...
[I'm just going to leave this here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cKHUgJ5suIA)
Go right ahead Doctor Van Nostran. 
Rural America is pretty similar sometimes. When there's 6 families in 10 miles you sometimes get calls going,  hey,  I don't know the car that just turned towards your place want me to go have words with them?  
donkeys and mules are super smart animals. iirc, they rank somewhere above crows and dolphins in IQ, and can learn the meaning of english language. but because they have a very individualistic and ornery personality, it is hard to teach them more. maybe if we sent them to Mars in large numbers, they will evolve sentience in a bigger way.
Dogs love driving ass.
what the hell did I just watch
It's all worth a shot in the name of science.
I'm guessing that if we sent them to Mars they'd just freeze to death before they could suffocate.  There's a good reason that we have yet to found any institutions of higher learning on Mars, and so self-directed mule studies are not likely to go very well. No one has ever accused it of being the Montessori planet.
I feel this is the case with many animals. It's not like they're stupid, they just don't want to learn more. Specifically thinking of my Golden Retriever. She's the dumbest smart dog I know.
Lies!10 seconds.
Paging u/fuckswithducks
[More photos here!](http://ameblo.jp/maromama-blog)
Get your ducks in a row 
such equilibrium  much wow
OK but where have those ducks been? 
I bet $100 in my head that this was fuckswithducks. I guess My Unicef donation will be delayed 
Don't worry ducklings. I'm carful 
Why do you have so many ducks?
Shibas are so perfect.
Yoda
I guess she doesn't fuck with ducks.
EXPERIENCE TRANQUILITY
Get a 3d capture of him with your phone then get a model printed 
I think OP is the dog.
#D O G G O    O F    B A L A N C E
Who's a good girl!!!
dog is like wait, fuck it, I'm a dog!
Doge Du Soleil
r/patientdogs
Experience tranquility 
When you try to gather nature energy but realise your a dog.
Lol such meditation, much wow  
So could I !
Tonic immobility? 
Puppy equilibrium
Aaand...cut!*Ugh* finally! You'd better have treats ready for this human.
Reddit makes me want a shiba so bad. But my Shepherd has shed enough for a lifetime.
elegance at its finest
This is so cute!
Considering who posted this, I feel like this is just some particularly kinky foreplay...
I swear shibas are constantly, naturally high 
Such balance much wow
That's all kinds of ducked up.
omg this is so cute 
Is that a Shiba inu ? I love them ahhh good dogs 
The mannequin challenge at its finest
Very duck. Much cute. Wow doge
Can she do this in the water where the little yellow ducks can float away.
Amazing
Username checks out
[related](http://overwatch.blizzplanet.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/02/zenyatta-victory-pose-4-balance.png)
It must be an Inu thing. I have a part husky part Inu and he lays like this all the time. 
I wonder if /u/fuckswithducks is into that kinda thing...
Until she hears the fridge door open 
How to lose 5 rubber ducks.Do this with your dog. Then say walk?
Pretty impressive for a Sheba Inu! 
That looks like the doge coin dog lmao
Your username makes think this poor doggo is performing a sex act for you.
Zen Dogo
is that one of those shiva inu doggos?
Op username checks out. 
username checks out
What a talented doggo!
It is known that Doge can balanace good
Animal abuse.  For shame 
That's a day in Dog Time
He is the poster hahaha
THE KING IS HERE!
OP does.
Because he's fucks with ducks. It's a bit of a fetish for him. If you check his post history you should find that he's quite knowledgeable about rubber ducks. Pretty cool guy.
Agreed. http://imgur.com/S9jvzDg
Wow, much iris, such pass
I that dogs time is 7x faster than ares. So 10 seconds is only a minute and ten seconds
I'm so hungry, you haven't fed me since yesterday!OMGOMGOMG ITS BEEN DAYS SINCE I'VE SEEN YOU! (when you go to check the mail)checks out
*Sheeeiiit*
Ares 
Have you ever let a dog think you were leaving them behind? 10 seconds is an eternity to them.
I too was going to page him.
But what if it was 7x faster than Hermes?
Omg I love your dog's face. You just know that dog is a good dog. 
Dog: Mine :)
Genuine smile!
Ohhhh that pupper 
That dogs face needs my kisses. Give him lots!
What kind of dog is this?
Did someone say cheese??
Reminds me of Bill Maher.
That agouti coloring is gorgeous. I love the wolf-a-like puppers
Can you please tell your dog that they're a good dog. I feel they need to know just how much of a good dog they are
looks like bill murray
Precious pup.
You know you're loved when...
Perfect
Thou art dog.
What kind of breed is that?
That focus though.
Quip
ZzsCp
I'd like to kiss that rubber nose please. 
Dogs don't smile. 
I remember this pup - it's a wolf dog mix. Low content.
Wolfdoghttps://imgur.com/a/eKYhz
Cute any way.
My dog has ears like this. She sold me hard on the ears. She was the first dog I saw in the shelter and I said okay I'm ready I choose this one. And my gf at the time said ok honey but how about we at least see what other dogs there are. And I said k. But I already know that's the one. And so I went around to every pen and looked at all the dogs, and for each I compared nope. Not like that other dog. And as soon as I was done viewing the other dogs I said okay let's go that's the one. The one with the ears.
What kind of dog is that? 
I bet s/he gets all the treats and cuddles. 
Nice doggo
It's crazy to me how much dogs mature in a one year spam from puppy to adolescence (is that what you call a teen dog?) 
Really, what kind of dog? It's gorgeous
They went to ultra-mega Doritos. 
Looks like John Wick's new dog...
Lab + Heeler + Shepherd
Beautiful!
I think it's a pit bull cross border collie 
Lab + Heeler + Shepherd:)
'Maybe if i look cute enough they'll let me keep my balls'
Those last few moments of intact genitals.
Steadfast pupper. 
brave doggie
Wait... where's that thermometer going... WHERE'S THAT THERMOMETER GOING?! 
Vietnam flashbacks ensue
So precious! I just took my doxie to the vet for the first time yesterday as well.  Good luck with your new puppers! 
Turn and cough, aaaaand snip.
Squeeeeee!
Is that a banfield??? I work as a nurse in one and those cabinets look just like ours
The ear + eye combo is what gets me I thinkedit: words
vv big day for smol pupper
Oh man those furry stubby feet , wanna eat em up 
What breed is this?
For Dachshunds, being cute is a defense mechanism. None of them would make it to maturity because they're little shits who would get punted off of a 3rd floor balcony if they weren't so adorable!When my Doxie was a pup, she murdered 2 lamps, 3 phone chargers, an X Box, a laptop power cord, and ate the soles out of like 7 shoes. Luckily, most of them grow out of it :)
Just wanna squeeze this little guy!!!
What a cutie pie.
I think you have my puppy
Pupper so cute!
dog: you're breaking my balls. 
What breed is that doge?
Dachshunds are adorable.
Looks like a Banfield office
Come join us at r/dachshund 
Very cute 
There aren't enough aw's in the world. 
It looks like its gonna bark at any second 
Puppy fur is so precious. 
i feel so bad how innocent he looks and how hes at the mercy of humans, where some of those humans are not so nice, it makes feel sad for some of them. 
Can...can.... I have them? 
WHERE
This pupper's so cute. These symbols of masculinity don't belong to be on him.
Dachshund
SUMMER?
ARE
My fur is white and pretty.
MY
CABBAGES?
Mother's sphagetties?
BALLS
Do you by any chance happen to be a grandma?
This is fine
Who holds the camera?
Much floof.  Very yawn...time for slep!
Yes, I'll take ten, thank you.
What the fuck is a pupper? 
Is it only shibas that are stretchy? Whenever I see a gif like this it's always a doge.
Ohhhh puppy breath! 
Fetch Armstrong?
With sharp little pupper teeth!
You're boring me humanTomorrow I shall feast upon your balls
Y u touch? 
That made us yawn lol
So much fluffy, so much doge.
1 month, same subhttps://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/5md6f5/whatre_you_doing_human/
This breed is known as the Marshmallow Puppo
U r fine
This is the one guy who uses Google glass
A small doggo
Why is this getting downvotes if it's gud????????? You big dummies.
And what the fuck is a doggo
A large pupper. 
What the fuck is wrong with you all?
r/rarepuppers is leaking. And I love it. 
Lol, the leg movement when it lies on the cushion is hilarious.  
I need this little, beautiful creature in my life immediately. 
Adorable! Sorry to ask the usual lame question, but... clearly its a floof, anyone have a guess what breed of floof it is? I have no idea without being able to see the face
I think he/she is softer than that pillow
What sort of dog is this marshmallow?
/r/sploot
Master of disguise
Dear god I laughed so hard. 
So cute. It's so unbelievably fluffy, that it looks like a dog wearing a dog costume
This is so cute
Why does that dog have no ears?
What is it?
I just have to say it, but... Toy Story.
I was waiting for the dog to float away :(
TIL that toys really do come to life when we are gone
My money is on a Bichon
Looks like a properly groomed Bichon to me.
It's a bitchin friskie, none of this bichon nonsense
Like some of the other commenters said, looks like a bichon frise?
All he needs to hear is that he is a good boy but he already knows this so ears are rendered obsolete
The fuck breed of horse is that its huge 
That made me happy. 
That horse is huge af
What type of giraffe is that? 
Some say the guy is still there petting that horse
He is lovvvvving that
Awww yisss
Big silly doggos, the lot of them 
That guy is so happy, I love it. 
That is one big mofo of a horse
At my old stable there was this massive white horse who did this same thing to me. Always held his head up like that. But if I tried to walk away from him, he would whinny and stomp. Miss that guy.
My mind was like: *Horse>camel>horse?>llama?>giraffe?!>probably a horse.*
He obviously wants him to scratch UP his neck. This made me mildly infuriated.
That's a warmblood of some sort, the type that jumps or does dressage. What a beauty! :D
big dog
I wasn't aware giraffes could look like that.
That horse deserves a Happy Cow of his own.
If you can find the video you can hear the genius recording this vertical video saying something about needing a wide angle lens.
Lovin it
That thing is part camel  
Some say, he's still standing there scratching to this day.
I swear we only took over the planet because we give good scritches.
Looks like my cat when I pet her, so adorable 
It's tryna fuck 
Could be a Percheron. I take care of 1 for some people and he does the same thing to be scratched, except he doesn't pull me back. He lifts his head and turns it so you scratch in the correct place. They have a pony and another standard horse and neither of them do that to be scratched.
It's not a larger than average horse, it's just sticking it's head up in the air. Looks to be a quarter horse.
No, he's just being pet by a very old looking child.
It's a brown American giraffe 
Stupid long horses.
Either he is very short or that house is massive! 
The big kind. 
[deleted]
Its like a fucking giraffe 
A greedy giraffe apparently
maybe but maybe not, in my experience a horse holding its head high is a defensive thing... something a horse does to protect its face... granted this horse obviously is loving the scratches on its neck but maybe it also really doesn't want its face touched at the same time.granted this doesnt look like a shy horse at all, but its hard to get the full picture from a gif
The term Warmblood actually is just for any breed that derived from the crossing of a hot-blooded horse (thoroughbred or Arabian) and a draft horse (cold blood), so it's not specific to a particular sport. 
Looks like a thoroughbred 
Goddammit Benjamin.
It's not a draft most likely a thoroughbred. Drafts are much bulkier The floors are most likely raised too. 
Haha. You're probably right. I have a cat that will crane his neck around in a similar way so that you scratch higher up. But, as you may suggest, cats are not horsies.
Seconding the thoroughbred. Looks like a racer too me. 
Far too big to be a racer
You go, Gonzo.   Show her a good time. 
Ask her why she crossed the road
Don't chicken out on her
Say you want to eat her
Hope you did not order fried chicken, your date might freek out!
Is she from Kentucky?
How do you like you like your eggs in the morning? Unfertilized.
Maybe it's because you're on your phone and not talking to her! 
You clucky guy.
If you're lucky maybe she'll give you a peck on the cheek when she leaves.
Whatever you do, don't order the chicken!
Do you fancy the chicken?
Make sure to order the salad
I lol'd so hard to this haha
Something tells me she's lying about her age...
Ask her if she's into fowl play.
r/hmmm
I bet she order quinoa. 
You will learn to read soon, Officer Barbrady.
normally i really don't care about reposts but i've seen this picture SIX TIMES in the past 24 hours. Can you just wait one day before reposting?
Do not order the chicken
Take my advice, you just got to go in for a peck. 
Does she know that she's going to be the main course yet? 
Cheeky Nando's?
How's the chicken here??
That is one [cute chick.](https://imgur.com/JzEBo)
maybe you are the reincarnation of Nicola Tesla
https://youtu.be/ym6uB9VQ1ac
Buck. Buck.
I bet she clucks.
I hope she doesn't order anything eggstravagant.
At least you might end the night with a peck on the cheek.
Wonderful to have a night out after being cooped up inside during the winter.
I'm guessing she didn't order the wings.
The cost of a dinner is a poultry sum compared to the value of great company.
3 days too early
That's not a chick, that's a hen.
Your chicken is REALLY undercooked.
Do you like hurting people?
Get in my belleh
I'd tell her to get the fuck back in the kitchen until she was done as my sandwich.
I too came to wish Gonzo some sexy time.
I'm also interested in who cums first. 
And don't balk at a potential future.
Never fails.
You don't make friends with salad.
You don't make friends with a chicken by eating chicken either
Found this beautiful boy wandering in the neighborhood. Wanted to get his face out there, will be taking him to check for a microchip.
Damn furries
i've never seen this breed with colouring like this before, stunning!
I didn't know hose dogs could even come like that.
My husky will do anything for some attention and food. Not that much different from girls on tinder lol. Sable huskies are gorgeous too. 
Oh man he's gorgeous OP! I hope he finds his home and gets squared away.
Mary Jane, more like Jerry Mane.
no
> will be taking him to check for a microchip.what's that?
A lot of interesting colors in Huskies, take a look at the Agouti.http://www.huskycolors.com/rescue.html
Little chip owners put in their dog that basically acts as an ID 
[Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Microchip_implant_(animal\))
Damn that dog looks like it is a navy seal or something 
Awesome, thanks :) 
Wtf.... I literally had no idea that existed. Where do they put it?
Has that look that it will fuck you up and steal your girl for sure.
In their brain so you can also mind control them, but that's an expensive extra feature that costs like $20000.
its normally sub-dermal implant. so basically just under the skin. Normally at the nape of the neck where the loose skin is at.
Its compulsory in all dogs here 
If you get a purebred the the chips naturally grow in their brains
Where is here 
Reddit
makes sense 
Just another normal day in Florida. 
Mommy is helping the babies cross. She's a *Gatoraid*
https://i.reddituploads.com/ef8bb0312a0342d28ffd383fcb175d57?fit=max&h=1536&w=1536&s=c887dda398de068cae2abb8abfbb0587Gang war ensues
The big one is not an adult gator. It's still a pretty little one itself. I guess it could be reproductive age (gators aren't my specialty) but likely not. So it's a juvenile out with a bunch of brand new hatchlings?  On a road? See this is why mommy gator is supposed to carry the babies around in her mouth. She should have never let the big brother babysit.
Absentee father. Sigh. 
*holy FUCK* those are some sweet iguanas
Its dangerous for kids..
16 and pregnant 
Vroom...ploop, ploop, ploop.
Is one of them flattened?
Follow Mommy now, hatchlings!!
Do mama gators only get that big? I mean, I've been bitten by a corn snake, and it was not an enjoyable experience, so I imagine getting bit by mama gator there wouldn't be much fun. I just thought they got bigger!
One reason I don't live in Florida is this
The fourth baby has a tire mark...
Yeah, not sure I'd be standing that close...
Good ole Florida swamp cats. 
Is there a squirrel on one of the babies? 
My only question about this amazing photo is why the heck is there a car stopped in the middle of the road with the vehicle door open? That surely isn't safe and I wish people like this got ticketed more often. I hate feeling awkward actually coming to a complete stop at a 4 way. That's how I was taught in drivers Ed and its a habit that has been in use especially since the time I was pulled over for not completing my stop.I will be driving and I cringe coming up to a stop sign because I know the idiot behind me who had been riding my ass the past 6 miles will expect me to glide through the stop sign so as I approach the stop sign I'm looking in my rear view mirror watching to make sure he is keeping a safe distance, so I can then feel comfortable coming to a complete stop. Due to an insurance mix up I haven't been insured for the a few months and would hate to get pulled over due to a douche bag wanting me to blow the stop sign to save them a few seconds 
Or Louisiana... 
To be fair The drink is called that because it was developed for the Florida gators so you just undid the probably pun.
Gators would clearly fuck up black bears. No contest. 
I'm pretty positive it's a Caiman - the Florida kind (spectacled caiman) looks very much like a young gator but you'll notice the snout is just slightly off.[Source](http://m.myfwc.com/wildlifehabitats/managed/american-crocodile/caiman/) 
What kind of dog is that?
Yeah, alligators are dangerous for kids. 
Seems like it.
Lol,  what are you even talking about. The car is probably stopped so the people can see the alligator and baby alligators cross the road. It's not like they have to worry about who's behind them unless that person is going to run over the whole alligator family. 
Damn, now that is a tangent. 
Drink, gator Mom, apples and oranges. 
Wrong.  Bears. Beats. Battlestar Galactica.
It's 3 50+ lb Cubs and 150lb mom vs idk 75lb gator and 5lb babies. Bears will win all day.
Scaly 
Pretty sure those are caimans, but I could be wrong. 
Identify theft is not a joke Jim! 
I think those are also dangerous for kids
Potatoception
Is he a couch potato?
My favorite is the giant potato in the middle
The last two look majestic as fuck
Too bad you don't have a turtle as well. 
One Potato, two Potato, three Potato..... infinite Potato.
4th potato from the front is seriously judging you....
Potato is not phased by this 
There's a bit of a /r/VaporwaveAesthetics going on here
Is yoour cat president of russia?
Can we get every image down the line or is this the only one you have?
Your cat has the coolest name!
http://www.infinitecat.com/ 
potato strikes again!
It's just a mash up of Potatoes. 
Couch Potato, lap Potato, sweet Potato. Sometimes he looks like a baked Potato but he's really just a sleepy Potato.
Looming.
Oh but I do. He rarely sits in front of my computer, however. http://i.imgur.com/vPFZ2UK.jpg
The Great Potati?
:)
He has some serious skills I couldn't do that 
This reminds me of kingdom Hearts 2
Inb4 the other guy with the camera posts it to Reddit
That dog was so graceful
I have never seen anything happier
/r/frogdogs would appreciate this
Does anyone know where this is? Kind of looks like Marmaris in Turkey 
that was like 8 boops
I love dogs guys
Positions it and grabs it perfectly from the knot without popping it. Mad dog skills. 10/10
A lot of time wasted doing that 
Yeah... But, you don't actually need to do it: Roxas can just bring in 0 munny and they'll still have enough
Shitheadsteve?Cute dog btw
There was a hardware store across the street from my house that had a man following you around the store to see if you're going to steal anything. They've gone out of business now. It was a mom and pop type of store. 
Repost!
love the repost! and word for word title! FUCK I love plagiarism.  
The goodest of boys
It's the rare Black Lab-riever. 
I've seen this before but it's still adorable.
Why does the shelf say shitheadsteve?
He looks like he would only speak in riddles 
[Another pic](https://i.imgur.com/lY6Lqab.jpg)He's apparently a Golden retriever/Finnish Lapphund mix. Not mine, unofortunately. 
That is seriously impressive. Wow. 
That's a good stick Tessu, well done!
Amazing!
He looks great! Handsome old man. 
Beautiful...
Wow what a handsome one!!
That dog looks amazing. If you said it was 15, I would be impressed.
He is one of the Great Old Ones.
What do you feed this wonderful beast that might make him live so long?
Hungarian Kuvasz? Tessu sounds Hungarian.
Such nice clear eyes!
That's an OLD pupper 
I'm in love with Tessu! SSSSOOOO FLUFF and I bet his ears are soft
Tell me OP, Are his ears soft?
Wow. Our Jenner is 15, she still thinks she's a puppy. 19 is AMAZING.
>bork borkfReally makes you think
Who is the good boy?
Exactly what I wanted to ask, thanks. 
Reminds me of Moro http://studio-ghibli.wikia.com/wiki/Moro?_ga=1.111323136.568111003.1450242200
