*jokes about being fake news**CNN responds by proving they are bad at news*
I don't know. Seems like to me Burnett realized that it was a joke. Maybe the producers didn't. 
How weird! The whole ending was bizarre and crreepy
cnn: [fake news is like the n-word for journalists](http://thehill.com/homenews/news/318794-cnn-host-fake-news-the-n-word-for-journalists)maybe if CNN was so self conscious about being called fake news, maybe they shouldn't have coined the term as well as actually publishing fake news.
the dumb thing is that bernie was actually making fun of trump FOR calling CNN fake news.By the way, that was SUCH a larry david moment. it was a joke...
This country has gone completely insane
CNN (aka FAKE NEWS) calling the shots and silencing Bernie? SAD!
Sure the timing is too good for much wiggle room but just to play devil's advocate, is there any real proof that CNN cut him off? The host gave an (albeit, somewhat forced) laugh and Sanders even declared it was a joke almost immediately.Also, they didn't cut *his* mic. **If you want to censor someone you don't cut the feed *to* them; you cut the feed *from* them.**It could have been orchestrated to appear like technical difficulties but if they really didn't like what he said they would have cut his mic and played the same angle.At this point, I think both theories are plausible.
I watched this live last night.  They brought Bernie back on after the commercial break.  It was a legitimate technical error, not some conspiracy bullshit.EDIT: I mean really think about this.  Like, after all the Trump surrogates they had during election season come on and shit on their reporting, they decide now to plant a flag with Bernie **when he is clearly making a joke and even says so?**  And what?  They bully him into not calling it fake news during the commercial break?  You think Bernie would take that?  There's absolutely no consistency or logic to that, but I guess let's continue our conspiracy circlejerk cuz CNN is out to get us.
CNN is such garbage 
Question for someone in the industry: If they really did cut his feed instead of just losing him through some sort of unfortunately timed technical difficulty, why would they cut his incoming audio? Presumably if they cut him it would have been so that he couldn't say anything else bad about CNN, so why wouldn't they cut his outgoing audio? With the way they did it (if they did it) he could have kept on saying whatever he wanted because his mic was still hot.
If Bernie was cut off, why could the audience still see and hear him. This was obviously just a technical error. Not everything is a conspiracy against Bernie Sanders.
Well done CNN. More like cringe news.
I don't get the outrage over this. It's just some technical difficulties, isn't it? On what are people basing their belief that something else happened there? 
You guys can't watch this video. It's illegal, you need a special media pass.
Why don't they use a 20 second delay or something on their live feed, if they are so worried?
This is so stupid.  They didn't cut off Bernie, they cut off CNN TO BERNIE.  It's obviously an accident.  If they didn't want him to talk, they'd cut his mic, not their feed to him.  He can clearly keep talking.  Also, she obviously knew it was a joke.  Further, he came back after the break and talked for like 10 minutes.  Get the fuck out of here with this bullshit.  It's mind blowing how fucking stupid r/the_donald users are.  
Which is interesting, because a news outlet cutting someone off for not liking the information that THEY are illiciting from him is definitively fake news.
Just letting you guys know that they got him back on and the interview went on...
This isn't cringe, it's a technical error. 
My ex gf used to do that all the time, so immature.
Because he's dumb enough to still go on cnn
This discussion coming from a man who honeymooned in the confusion he definitely wouldn't say more.
How do news stations purposefully lose connections?
Op, I think you spelled Breitbart wrong in your username. 
If this doesn't prove CNN is fake idk what will. They panicked at the mere joke of it.
CNN is a joke, and they have been for a while. Before people assume I watch Fox. I think all mainstream media stations are a joke, just CNN is the biggest of them all. http://imgur.com/a/rJW8h 
Cnn is fake news. Truth hurts 
But CNN is fake news.
CNN responds by proving they are fighting back, and firmly.
omg they're like a hurt puppy and reacting.
CNN was *[triggered]*
The lady doth protest too much
WE DON'T DESERVE HIM!!(FUCK YEAH ALL CAPS)
Maybe CNN should stop cutting their guests off whenever they hear something they don't like. They do this constantly and it makes them the shadiest and shittiest new station around.
There is no way that the CNN host or producers thought that it wasn't a joke and cut him off. It's Bernie Sanders for god's sake. Get real, people, not everything is a goddamn conspiracy.
Stupid.  Why is this on front page??? I don't see any cringe moment
Downvoted, this is just stupid. 
[This is CNN](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zbyt6Dx1eH4)
I love CNN because Brooke and Anderson are so fucking hot 
Unbelievable that CNN would treat him this way!! SAD!
We'll be right back after these messagez. ALRIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIGHT!!!!!!!!!!!!
Someone just lost their job there (if it wasn't a technical difficulty (hell, even if it was, maybe someone did)).CNN is obviously not fake news, but they've been called that so much that I understand that it's a touch subject. One should still remain level-headed though. That goes for both CNN and the people reporting on things CNN did.I don't expect that from someone from The_Dumbfucks though.
At this point, I think it was a joke.
It's the director/producer in the USSR and had him back on later!
To watch this live on TV and then criticized others for assuming differently.
I watched the rest of the same angle.
yeah and they have the audacity to come out with a fake news list.  Its like when someone steals something from you and then try to help you find it. 
This is why we can't have nice things.
Came expecting cringe. This blew away my wildest expectations.Thank you CNN you miserable hacks. 
CNN just reminds me of that weird kid in class, the one that seemed to be quite smart, but was just an awkward mess sometimes, and was always getting himself into dumb situations. 
CNN Need to get there pussy checked out
Seemed like the only thing lost was Bernie's audio.. that would be a dumb thing to cut if you wanted to kill the feed.
CNN is just the garbage dump of news outlets. 
Do none of you realize this was just a technical error? If you watch the full interview they pick up right where they left off after a small break. Funny how a story about fake news is also fake news lol. Link to the rest of the interview: https://youtu.be/QGGNVBtsyao
CNN is sad and pathetic.
They are just awful, regardless if they are fake or not.
He was back about 10 minutes later to finish the interview.  
I don't care if you are a liberal or die hard conservative. CNN sucks and we can all unite together and agree it does. 
> it was a jokeTitle cringe too.Is it in the title referring to CNN?
Honestly looks like legit connection problem. 
Bad joke, Good Bernie.
[removed]
It's like walking up to El Chapo and saying, So, you're the bad guy, huh?Yeah, we know you're the bad guy but you just don't mention it. Period. This is stupid.
Wish someone would have done this to him years ago. 
The cringe was in having to listen to Sanders talk.
They use that 'ooh, we lost the satellite feed' crap so often, it doesn't even matter if they are actually losing the feed. It's crap either way.
Did anyone watch the full interview? He comes back on and speaks for 5 minutes or more after this glitch, nothing suspicious.
This post is fake news, they immediately returned to him after the interruption and he was on for another 10 min or so.
Call me crazy, but if I was going to try and censor someone from a TV program, I wouldn't do it by continuing to let people see and hear that person...(Unless you didn't actually watch the video or something...)
Hahaha it was Trump making fun of Hillary. CNN is terrible at news. Down to the msnbc lvl.
That's exactly what happened, someone's lizard brain heard CNN fake news and without considering context went CUT! CUT IT NOW!
It definitely wasn't her doing it, she didn't even realize he was cut off till after it happened.
No one is saying Burnett cut him off. 
They laughed it off and had him back on in a few min.
One of the producers had an aneurism and his face hit the button.
Call me crazy, but if I was going to try and censor someone from a TV program, I wouldn't do it by continuing to let people see and hear that person...
Damn automoderators!
I think you meant SAD!
FYI they picked up the interview immediatly after the interruption and he spoke for 10 more min
What was creepy and bizarre about cutting a mic or losing a signal?
Well, I'd like to see the conversation as it presumably continued after the commercial break, no?
CNN is fake news.
that's the best part, they invented the term and then Trump started fucking them over with it and now they're comparing it to being called the n-word hahaha
That's a quote of one guy working at CNN.. 
CNN didn't coin the term. The term arose after LITERAL fake conservative (and probably a few liberal) news sites became a part of the Trump voter information source. Trump then uses this term to describe one of the most respected news sources. They are sensational, yes. They are skewed left, yes. But they are not fake. For example, after the Russian dossier got leaked, CNN never posted it and then Kelley Anne Conaway comes ONTO THEIR SHOW and says they published it and linked to  BuzzFeed's irresponsible article. Cooper continued to say what you are saying we posted we DID NOT POST because we cannot confirm its truth. We stand by what we did post and think it's important to inform people of. That is responsible journalism. 
What a dumbass comparison. What was he thinking?
CNN doesn't publish fake news.
>cnn: fake news is like the n-word for journalists[Sayyy 'fake news!'](https://i.ytimg.com/vi/btLrKbaSUA8/hqdefault.jpg)
Comparing people doubting the legitimacy of the news you put out to centuries of ingrained racism is borderline terrifying amounts of tone deaf. 
Actually I suspect it's projection - when you actually are guilty of something you tend to obsess about it and accuse others of doing it.
Um wait. You all do realize that that's one person right? CNN is something called a network. Many people work on this network. There are many different opinions. You people are fucking crazy.
Call me crazy, but if I was going to try and censor someone from a TV program, I wouldn't do it by continuing to let people see and hear that person...(Unless you didn't actually watch the video or something...)
'I took a risk'
[deleted]
I feel like I'm the parent of a kid who's been given every opportunity to succeed but I just walked in on them smearing shit on the wall with a needle hanging out of their arm for the 5th time. that kid? AMERICA
Because it gets it's news from Reddit posts like these... 
It has been insane for a long time, youtube just makes it easier to see now.
As a Canadian I'm enjoying it tremendously. 
Silencing is too big of a word 
Call me crazy, but if I was going to try and censor someone from a TV program, I wouldn't do it by continuing to let people see and hear that person...(Unless you didn't actually watch the video or something...)
How's that whole Russian treason thing working out buddy? Just read how Flynn's aide got his security clearance revoked by the CIA due to concerns of Russian influence in the White Househttp://www.politico.com/story/2017/02/mike-flynn-nsa-aide-trump-234923
CNN have a long history of cutting people off the second they say something contravertial, it's not just a coincidence.
Thanks for being reasonable. Not only did both Bernie and the host acknowledge that it was a joke but they had him back on later! They talked for about 10 minutes later in the program. To watch this live on TV and then seeing the Reddit spin is disgusting. If he was cut off why bring him back on?
Also, they went right back to him after this clip cuts off. But that doesn't make for such an interesting story.
Well, considering they came right back to him after the break and he finished out the segment, I'm going to go with this was an accident.  
Cutting off his mic would've been too obvious what they were doing, cutting the feed to him makes it look like the problem is on his end.
Nah, the EP or network president would have made a call while sanders was off air and given him a stern talking to.
I think it was intentional because cnn has done this a couple times before....their execution was off this timeExample:https://youtu.be/NEPUyCSQ9L4
> is there any real proof that CNN cut him off?Of course not, because they didn't. People need to calm the fuck down. They continued the interview shortly after. This story here is the actual fake news.
CNN =/= Competent
yeah people are reading way too much into this
It's troubling how many people in this thread fail to grasp this. 
yeah right bro, it's not like they have some of the most stable connections that technology has to offer. Its not like they did it right after Bernie saying something that could put them in a bad light. Its not like they have a history of doing this.
Lol, yeah right.
Tell us bubble-boy!
No, they would have realised he meant it as a joke after they cut him off and then just put him back on. So naive.
Even joking about it harms their credibility. It reminds people of the association. It's certainly possible that CNN could have a firm rule that no one is allowed to call them fake news under any circumstances.
And how!
[deleted]
No, no. This is proof that CNN is fake news, and that we should all trust PizzaGate.com instead.Duh.
Cringe News Network
CNN has a long history of coincidentally timed technical difficulties.It's not technical difficulties. 
the chance of it being a technical difficulty just when Bernie said fake news is astronomically small. the producers jumped the gun, and broke off the connection. 
Can't really keep a conversation with a 20s delay...
this is r/cringe dummy
cshh cshhh you're breaking up cant cshhh hear you cshh
breakers, CNN has done this a number of times now. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cbA5RE9eK08
all I'm hearing from you is heil hitler
The real cringe is the trumptards in the comments bitching about CNN.
way to be impartial there pal
Funny that people think this was a technical malfunction hen CNN has a long history of cutting off guests when they say the wrong thing on air...
They cut the feed as soon as Bernie Said Fake News. They realized he was just making a joke and so they brought him back to finish the segment.
I agree Donald bad Bernie good 
Hillary Clinton is good
oh no, that sucks
I guess they think incompetent news is better than fake news.
Who even uses a satellite Jesus. 
Why not just call him on Skype? 
To be honest a lot of networks have scaled back on live shot technology, going for cell phone based apps and booking cheap satellite slots. As someone who works in national TV, part of me believes that the shot could have just dumped out. I've had it happen to me several times at the most suspicious moments. 
The News Station that cried satellites
which is exactly what the reporter said they were going to do -- that doesn't disprove that CNN prematurely cut the feed immediately after hearing the fake news joke. 
HEY! Get out of here with those truths!
Don't let facts get in the way of a circlejerk , especially anti CNN pro Bernie 
Lol
No dude it was clearly a conspiracy to silence any CNN opposition
No, they either didn't watch or don't care. Pushing donald's tweeting points is their goal. 
ITS JUST A GLITCH GOY IGNORE IT OR YOUR RACIST
Yes when they realized it was a joke. They cut him off straight when he said it.
Lol... there are tons of cases of CNN cutting off people who are against their opinions.
Maybe since they could tell what he said after their cut out they got the feed back. I don't see how them allowing him to speak again proves it wasn't purposeful to begin with.
It was an intentional cut, its painfully obvious.
I've seen that exact comment word for word already like 10 times this week. I've seen people spouting political party approved little quips this whole election cycle, but at this point everyone's using the same exact wording and it's starting to worry me a little.
I'm sorry, I don't see how your comment relates to mine.
Pull the plug!Uh sir, you only pulled the plug for the feed that Sanders sees. The audience can still see and hear him.Well... that's the only plug I'm in charge of.
That's how fake news work.
Except he had video and audio and went on to finish the interview...
This makes no sense
Do you have any proof of this? Feeds get dropped all the time for varying reasons.
What do you want them to do? Completely reasonable response.
Call me crazy, but if I was going to try and censor someone from a TV program, I wouldn't do it by continuing to let people see and hear that person...(Unless you didn't actually watch the video or something...)
I'm glad they are fighting back, and firmly. Jake Tapper mopped the floor with Conway and didn't let her apologize insincerely. They were hair-trigger here, but they have to protect their brand, and the institution of legitimate journalism as a whole.Wing nuts have always tried to call big news fake, but if they are allowed to get away with it eventually casual listeners will believe it as true.Think about it, journalism is as legitimate as good science when done at this level.  People peer review the shit out of each other, and LIVE to prove one another wrong.And journalists who make huge claims that are later proven false get run out of the business, or at least to the fringes.
Nah...
Anchors have no power to do that.  It's the director/producer in the control room who breaks the connection - basically they are editorializing what people see.
lol how would she do that? Do you think she has a little remote control in her hand or something?
You cray
I don't know but I could easily see an operation with lots of technical endpoint being confused if some ancy exec were to suddenly yell cut the feed!. (which side?)
very sad
YUGE dissapointment
3-0
Broadcasting being cut at suspicious times is a classic example of corruption and media propaganda/ control. 
I can't say if this was intentional or not, but clearly the signal wasn't lost, yeah? I mean, you still saw him and heard him. Seems weird to me that in the studio they could see and hear him perfectly, but over there he 'lost signal', since you'd expect it to fail both ways. I wouldn't be surprised if some producer at Bernie's location got pissed and muted the volume or something.
I'm pretty sure I watched the rest of that segment last night so yeah. I watched it mid interview through the end last night so yeah, when I came on they were talking about Trump calling Elizabeth Warren Pocahontas. edit: here is the [clip](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QGGNVBtsyao&spfreload=10)
These are the people that said some random plane was sucked into a black hole
They also didn't coin the term. Initially, it referred to a pretty legitimate fake news phenomenon that ramped up during the elections. Stories getting ten thousand shares that were just completely fictionalized.
Wait, are you really defending this? 
The ring leader of the fake news phenomenon was a liberal posting fake stories about Hillary in order to invalidate Trump.  Backfired big time. 
This is not true. The term itself existed much longer than that to describe legitimate fake news.However, the reason you're hearing about it, and everyone is using it these days is because of an effort by the MSM to de-legitimize alternative media outlets by conflating them with actual fake news.I'm pretty sure The Washington Post was the first to use it, but all the MSM used it. It backfired spectacularly however, when the term was co-opted by alternative media and used against the MSM.And if you are not a shill, I don't even know what to say. CNN one of the most respected news sources? Maybe by leftists who never step outside their echo chamber.And as for the Dossier, CNN did report on it, and then tried to hide behind saying that they didn't publish it. Who cares? They were one of the first ones out of the gate with a story on it, and ran with the fake dossier that Buzzfeed published. They are the reason it gained legitimacy and spread so far, so fast.It's pretty obvious they are more than just biased. They are clearly left-wing propaganda, and not a legitimate source of news. It's actually fine though, if they would just stop saying they were objective. The only thing that's bad about it is pretending you're a neutral arbiter when you aren't.Even the rest of the MSM outlets were smart enough not to run a story about it. All of the MSM were already aware of the dossier too, it had been circulating for months. Nobody published it though, because it was obvious garbage.So no, CNN is not innocent at all in terms of the dossier incident. They are left-wing propaganda, stop defending them.
The term actually arose when CNN told a crowd that they were all in it for Hillary. Look how that turned out! 
Maybe he should have prefaced the joke with a disclaimer. I AM NOW TELLING A JOKE, THIS DOES NOT REPRESENT MY OPINIONS AS SENATOR; HERE IS THE JOKE:
I think people assume it was intentional because CNN supposedly* has a history of cutting off people right when they say someting they don't agree with sometimes claiming it to be accidental and other times clearly intentional.* I don't watch CNN regularly myself just going off what others have said and a few youtube videos.
Yup.  Call me crazy, but if I was going to try and censor someone from a TV program, I wouldn't do it by continuing to let people see and hear that person...
ur not George Washington
Thats a very good analogy
This is just a repost of a clip from an actual news source. So either CNN is to blame, or Reddit is for hosting clips from the news? 
What bizarro world do you live in where everyone in the USA browses Reddit for news?
as a Brit i can't enjoy it because we're also too busy shitting the bed! oh and also because millions of people not falling within the billionaire class, including non-Americans, are going to continue getting fucked over for years to come because of this democracy continuing to descend into utter farce. JESUS WEPT! 
Nobody said they were competent.
stay mad homie
I will accept that. Was it orchestrated, by cutting the feed to Bernie, to look like technical difficulties? It just seemed he had a lot of time to say whatever he wanted.
Any examples?
You mean...controversial? 
Wouldn't it be a risk? Even if Bernie was unaware that he was still live, he could have said anything. It just doesn't add up to me.
You people are nuts.
Not competent enough to pull off the deception or not competent enough to cut the proper mic?
Yes.  I prefer Centipedenews.com myself.Bigly better reporting.
This is in part how the Donald got elected. 
But he didn't put them in a bad light. He said he was joking. Why then did they report so extensively on trump calling them fake news?  It's all they talked about for a day
You said it right there buddy. When has CNN ever cut someone's feed when they said something inconvenient? So many le mad Drumpfers in these comments desperately trying to smear the greatest news station ever created. If anything, CNN pandered towards le Drumpfs side during this election.
Well that was a well-thought-out reply.
But he said it was a joke while he was still on air...
The hypocrisy is tangible.
But that's not been the case because plenty of Trump surrogates have gone nearly as far except not in a joke. Not to mention the extensive reporting they did on the fact Trump called them fake news in his press conference and the various opinion pieces they aired and published online acknowledging the claim and arguing they were not fake news.See how you have to do mental gymnastics to project these imaginary rules that CNN apparently has?  Like nothing you said has been consistent with their reporting on this issue. They've talked about being called fake news plenty. It's almost like you don't actually watch CNN.
The irony is that you completely missed his point.Completely.Also, are you seriously arguing that a single part of a system can't go down?Like, do you even brain?
You have no idea how hilariously stupid this post makes you look, do you?
>You're having a massive technological fuckup.They are a 24 hours news operation that routinely does live feeds. The odds are there will be technical glitches. It doesn't take a massive fuckup. It's like some of you folks have never used technology before. Ever been in a conference call? A video call? On the internet? Used a satellite service? Watched YouTube? It's the same technology and it's not 100% reliable. 
Is there some sort of fake news brigade going around Reddit or does /r/cringe just have a lot of Donald Trump supporters?
>https://np.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/5swa5q/til_that_in_1964_civil_rights_activists_spent_the/ddm6vxf/>https://np.reddit.com/r/gifs/comments/5ta6cn/that_reaction_from_japans_pm_after_shaking/ddm6qtx/>https://np.reddit.com/r/cringe/comments/5tc3u7/cnn_cuts_off_bernie_after_he_calls_cnn_fake_news/ddmclck/>https://np.reddit.com/r/cringe/comments/5tc3u7/cnn_cuts_off_bernie_after_he_calls_cnn_fake_news/ddmck4f/>https://np.reddit.com/r/cringe/comments/5tc3u7/cnn_cuts_off_bernie_after_he_calls_cnn_fake_news/ddmcb6i/?context=3What's up with you and [term].com? I prefer INFOWARS.COM myself
FACTS my dude, preach that shit!
[citation needed]
Are there other examples you could point to?
> CNN has a long history of coincidentally timed technical difficulties.Evidence?
But what's the suspicious timing here, even if Sanders *hadn't* been joking? The term fake news has been used to oblivion in the past couple of weeks, by people on both sides, on CNN and everywhere else... why'd they now suddenly want to censor this particular utterance of the word?CNN probably also has a long history of genuine technical difficulties. Do you seriously believe this long history thing is evidence of some kind? Seems completely pulled out of the ass, to be honest.And finally, even if this whole thing actually *was* attempted censorship... why is this on /r/cringe? Just some /r/the_donald brigading after both their posts about this non-story failed on /r/all? Who knows... ... ...
Give me a reality where it would make sense for CNN to pull the plug on Bernie Sanders.
Actually the chance that there is a technical difficulty when Bernie is saying any word is pretty much the same.
Astronomically small? Come on, get some Occam's razor up in here. You're basing your opinion on a pure gut feeling. That gut feeling is also known as confirmarion bias. 
Call me crazy, but if I was going to try and censor someone from a TV program, I wouldn't do it by continuing to let people see and hear that person...
Show your work on the probability calculation please.
Lol. , 20 sec broadcast delay, not just with the phonecall
what a relief to check my replies and its not someone saying KYS
Wow that's terrifying. I'm so glad I left the Left.
nope
I wasn't trying to be impartial. The_Donald is a terrible, hateful sub, and should be condemned.
Anyone but a Karling is fine in my book. 
Bernie Sanders is Demigod
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cbA5RE9eK08
I mean, it is.
Nice try, CNN producer
I watched Jake Tapper make a joke about CNN being called fake news, you have no basis for your accusations other than circumstance 
If they cut the feed we wouldn't be able to continue hearing Bernie. It was what she was saying that couldn't get to him.
Call me crazy, but if I'm going to try and censor someone from a TV program, I wouldn't continue to let people see and hear them...
They didn't cut the feed though.  He was still on air.  If they were worried about him railing against CNN, then giving him air-time without letting the anchor respond isn't the strategy they'd employ.
But wasn't the glitch on Bernie's side? Also, that cut was quick as fuck, I doubt CNN had anything to do with it.
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=yTaXU3_1YFcCnn got caught telling people to say pro Hillary stuff after the debate.
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=cbA5RE9eK08
Call me crazy, but if I was going to try and censor someone from a TV program, I wouldn't do it by continuing to let people see and hear that person...(Unless you didn't actually watch the video or something...)
Occam's Razor and not being a conspiracy nut.
How does that prove intent to silence? You just assumed that after they realized it was a joke they got him back on, and then criticized others for assuming differently. 
Oh, yeah, sure.  They let him finish what he was saying, then cut his feed so that he couldn't hear the reporter.They totally censored him.You people are nuts.
I've seen that exact comment word for word already like 10 times this week. I've seen people spouting political party approved little quips this whole election cycle, but at this point everyone's using the same exact wording and it's starting to worry me a little.
Alternative hypothesis:It's the reasonable fucking explanation, you bloody morons.Also, can I see some examples of this comment with the exact same wording on other threads?  Provide links, please...
It's the same guy. Copy pasting his comment all over this thread. Look just slightly deeper before you declare everyone sheeple next time. You also haven't seen it 10 times this week because it's clearly in response to this particular video. 
Do you think that:a) it was a technical glitch, orb) they cut him offIf it's b), then my comment relates directly.
PULL THE PLUG ON AUDIENCE*CNN executive murders 80 people in the studio*
This might actually be right.
Yup.  After he said it was a joke, they reconnected him.  This shows how slimy CNN was being.   They disconnected him the instant he said something they didn't like but reconnected once they heard it was all a joke 
It makes perfect sense, you having trouble keeping up there little guy?
Laugh it off with him, Anderson Cooper most definitely would have. It's called being professional not panicking and cutting the guest immediately without considering context. 
Makes sense for sure, but it is entirely possible someone in one station called cut and it wasn't relayed properly so everyone cut at the same time. Also, it is entirely possible this was just a badly timed technical error.
> Think about it, journalism is as legitimate as good science when done at this levelWhat the fuck are you talking about?
No one believes your propaganda.  CNN is often an offender of lying by omission.
Lol. I don't believe you are a real person saying that crap. I'm off to check your comment history for evidence!
Lmao nice
I have to disagree, doing this (although apparently it was a technical mistake?) makes the brand look shady, they should have laughed it off with Sanders and shown the audience how ridiculous those claims are. 
What
No idea, I said she definitely didn't.
The saddest
Irony.  This discussion coming from a man who honeymooned in the USSR and had a soviet flag in his office.  
very SAD!
I'm guessing whoever was in charge of the set wanted to play it safe and not risk losing his job by not stoping someone from calling out CNN for being fake news and talking shit on their own networkBut instead of being realistic lets pretend that a smokey room full of reptilians with buttons controlling all US media decided to kill the feed because corruption and propagandaAlso they continued the interview after realizing their mistake
Can I see a source for that?
This is pretty misleading. Yes, the phrase fake news already existed to describe legitimate fake news. But it was recently popularized by MSM to try to discredit the new alternative media that is taking over. I believe it was actually The Washington Post that originally used it, but it was spread far and wide throughout virtually every left leaning media outlet and the MSM.It didn't work out as they planned though. The term was co-opted by these alternative media outlets and their plan backfired spectacularly, to the point that they started publishing articles telling people to stop using the term.And as you're probably already aware, after the term had been co-opted and used against MSM, President Trump called CNN fake news.
He's calling out the guy that equated one guy's opinion to CNN's.
Why shouldn't he? It is indeed a quote of one person from CNN, and that person has publicly apologized for what they said. I highly doubt CNN stands behind his words
Bazing
Except that they didn't cut off Bernie Sanders. He was still visible and his mic was still picked up.  The only thing that was cut was the feed into Sanders' ear piece, which wouldn't make any sense if they did it deliberately.  This whole thing is such a dumb non-issue.
Holy shit we heard you the first 20 tines you posted this comment. Aabbccbb. Totally not a shill spamming the same fucking comment over and over. 
You're crazy. After cutting him off, then reviewing his statement, they decide he's ok to return to air. If they hadn't believed it was a joke, they wouldn't have brought him back.
CNN returned to him after the break and he spoke for 10 more minutes.
>actual news source 
They're more competent than the conspiracy theorists in this thread, I'll tell you that much. ;)
Stay ignoranthttp://www.politico.com/story/2017/02/mike-flynn-nsa-aide-trump-234923
Willfully ignorant much?
[CNN Cuts Off Soldier Who Voted For Ron Paul and Spoke Out Against More War](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rvzeowlqmBI)[CNN Cuts Off Reporter - CNN Cuts Live Feed After Reporter Speaks Against Hillary Clinton](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FWqa2EIBAxY)[CNN cuts satellite feed as soon as WikiLeaks is mentioned by Congressman Collins](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cbA5RE9eK08)
Yeah
I mean, he probably wouldn't say more anyways. Also, in the confusion he definitely wouldn't say more.There is always a chance something actually went wrong, but I go with the odds. It has been a coincidence many times on CNN to have issues or outright lose people, after they say something controversial to CNNs views.This could be a time technical issues happened, but since it's happened so much at opportune times, I'll just go with the overall.
Both at the same time
I am the person who is doing most of the counter arguing in this particular comment thread and you can look at my comment history. I am DEFINITELY not a Trump supporter. And I fucking hate how CNN covered the election. I have no predisposition to defend them
Ty
No they cut him right after he said fake news. He says that was a joke, because he couldnt hear the anchor's reaction to it anymore. 
eh I misread it. Shit happens.
The guy who posted it is a Trump supporter.  I'm 100% sure he got his buddies on board, because they're here en masse.
https://youtu.be/usCDxSr3sUA?t=171
> What's up with you and [term].com?I'm making fun of people who call any news outlet they disagree with fake, and then trundle off to some moron's blog post for their news.> I prefer INFOWARS.COM myselfOf course you do.
https://www.reddit.com/r/cringe/comments/5tc3u7/_/ddm42lg
https://www.reddit.com/r/cringe/comments/5tc3u7/_/ddm42lg
https://www.reddit.com/r/cringe/comments/5tc3u7/_/ddm42lg
Considering OP posts a lot on /r/The_Donald, I have to agree with the last part of your comment.  
And you cut out the entire feed? That's even more disruptive and obvious.
People who disagree are rapists.
What a bunch of assholes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FWqa2EIBAxYhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EGgGhBrs6vM
The Daily Show was literally fake news, and they were both truthful and competent. 
Ha, I'd rather go to radio
just because something happened one time and not another time doesn't mean it never happens at all. circumstances change. different people working the feed. someone made a mistake, realized it, and allowed the interview to continue. or the feed just cut and it's all a coincidence. could be either one, i'm not saying i know what happened, just offering insight. 
When was Jake Tapper a guest on CNN?
It's just Trump supporters trying to change the dialogue. If you believe CNN is fake, then you have to get your news from Breitbart or The Donald. 
This isn't the first time CNN has done this sort of thing. They don't have to cut everything. In fact, cutting only one thing makes it look more like an accident. I bet if he didn't say it was a joke (or if he actually was being serious) they would have continued to have connection issues. 
Yeah, it's not like those interviews are 100% 'live' they have a short delay; if they *wanted* to totally cut the fake news bit (*without* leaving in *the most 'incriminating' bit*, the bit where he *actually says fake news*), they could've done it very easily.
Oh yeah I remember this one. The reporter is reading clintons quote to the respondent.. 
That's how you make it look like a natural accident. 
I believe you're correct and that cut was abnormally quick.
You have literally posted this same thing three times in this thread. We get it. 
Immediately to insults, you must be correct then. I just don't understand where your certainty comes from but I guess asking a question is being a nut. My bad man!
Occam's Razor is that it was purposely cut, stop being naive. 
I never said it was proof. I'm just saying that letting him speak again was not proof of the contrary.
This video has been posted on other subreddits today and yesterday, and this comment is all over all of those posts.
I think the followup to Bernie's comment made CNN look bad at doing news. My comment doesn't really depend on believing it was either one of those.
*sends signal telling TVs across the country to explode*
Damn it why did we have to accept those 80 Make A Wish requests by kids on life-support today of all days.
You are looking for a reason to be pissed off at CNN and you are inventing reasons; this is called **confirmation bias**
If you honestly think that CNN thought Bernie Sanders was literally accusing them of being fake news, a term that his #1 political enemy uses constantly, then you're dumber than a rock. 
Sure.  And it's possible that Clinton is a lizard person, as well.
Read the next sentence. You'll find it helpful to do that in life.
Find anything worth reporting? 
No I 100% agree with you there. This case it should not have happened. But I get why they are going on the offensive, their whole professional identity is in danger of being aligned with tabloid. 
Right, but what you said is kind of like saying: Gandhi definitely didn't orchestrate 9/11 because he was against terrorism.
unpresidently sad
I have the saddest people, my people are the best at sad.
Why does a person in controls get to have that type of power- to decide what gets to be aired or not? I never meant to paint that very imaginative description you've given us! However, there *are* chain of commands that are followed for slip-ups, this is an example of a network being forced to enact a silencer. The major media outlets are all owned by the same people. Our media outlets are compromised by the same rich asses who control our government. http://www.businessinsider.com/these-6-corporations-control-90-of-the-media-in-america-2012-6
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZpVd7k1Uw6Alol what a bizarre news station
You can't see the source, black holes have such enormous gravitational pull that they even suck in light.
Well since they didn't cut his feed I'd say they supported it...
Yeah, it's clearly a coincidence that it happened just after he called CNN fake news.Oh and it's a coincidence that Rep. [Chris Collins got cut off](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J8cOLIOaikU) when he brought up Wikileaks.Oh and it was a coincidence that that CNN [reporter got cut off](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FWqa2EIBAxY) right when she started talking badly about Hillary.Just coincidences guys, don't worry.
And yet, you still don't have a rebuttal other than calling me a shill (with bad spelling and sentence structure...).
> After cutting him off, then reviewing his statement, they decide he's ok to return to air.Did you even watch the video?  THEY DIDN'T CUT HIM OFF.  He just couldn't hear the interviewer's next question.You people are 100% nuts.
Yeah after they realized he wasn't going to actually say any naughty things
Hey, fair enough
I didn't say I like CNN, but they're an actual news source. Just a bad one.
Do you see all of the unnamed sources quoting bullshit disinfo in that article? When I get my news from someone who can show their face on camera I'll believe this isn't just a political hit job, just like the 9th circuit judges and all of the tomfuckery going on in the Senate. 
Im discussing it to reduce my ignorance. I don't know much about CNN and started off the conversation with my view, as objectively as I could.So kindly let the grown ups talk.
Oh no. That sucks!
Ah, yes.  Technical glitches are 100% proof that CNN is silencing their reporters and interviewees.Tell me, did the girl who was cut off face any repercussions?Or was she just replaced by a clone, so we'll never hear about them?What does Pizzagate.com have to say about the explosive revelations?
Why cut people off after they've said something controversial? What would be the point? Especially when you've already shown a lot of the same information in other newscasts?This whole fucking thread is full of ridiculous fake news conspiracy theories around technical glitches. They have conservatives on the show who constantly who talk about the things they they supposedly hid by cutting people off...what the hell is wrong with you people?
Not fake news, just extremely biased news in favor of Hillary. It got pretty bad during the election. 
I feel you. I just moved into town and this is the first time I heard that sheppard cry wolf.
But he was still on the air at that point. They dropped his feed a moment later. Like all this stuff runs on a delay. They could have dropped his feed before that joke even aired. Do you see how illogical this is?
And I'll ask again:Are you seriously arguing that a single part of a system can't go down?
The craziest part is that some of these same people who are buying into this based on this tiny thread of evidence are the same people who don't believe in global warming despite the giant mounds of evidence.
>[**RWW News: Alex Jones Will Save Humanity From Satan [3:05]**](http://youtu.be/usCDxSr3sUA)> [*^RWW ^Blog*](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCMXqRHe8n1TX5iDvkLS62rw) ^in ^News ^& ^Politics>*^18,952 ^views ^since ^Mar ^2016*[^bot ^info](/r/youtubefactsbot/wiki/index)
Unfilitered water makes the frogs gayINFOWARS.COM
Do you not understand that you haven't provided any evidence, neither for the three examples you link to, nor for the actual case we're talking about in this thread?Let me ask you this: if someone were to link to three instances where obvious, genuine technical difficulties occured on CNN, would you feel disproven? If no, why not? 
You credulous mutherfucker.
>controversialwtf i hate sources now
You would cut the broadcast feed then jump to actual live feed until the ad break. The viewers would see a random cut and then the presenter apologising and saying they are going to a break. The exact same as radio (but about 7 seconds.)
Repeat after me, FAKE NEWS
Trump calls CNN fake news and now everyone is circlejerking over some perceived slight over a technical issue. It's called **confirmation bias** and we should ignore this bullshit story and focus on the Trump/Russia scandalhttp://www.politico.com/story/2017/02/mike-flynn-nsa-aide-trump-234923
Can't tell if you are serious, but he is the host for The Lead on CNN
It's not fake, it's just trash and this has hardly anything to do with Trump. CNN has been shit for years, the fact they push an anti trump agenda now doesn't make them magically better.
Exactly, they are shooting the messengers because they don't like the news.
or alex jones
> This isn't the first time CNN has done this sort of thing.You need to prove this sort of thing (which I assume you mean *deliberate* cutting of feed) before you can accumulate occurrences. This is a rolling news channel that interviews hundreds of people across the globe every day.
exactly this. 
Hear her whispering she tells her exactly what to say.
Did you see how we could still see and hear Sanders after he was censored?You people are straight-up nuts to try and make an issue out of this.haha
Do you have a rebuttal, or do you just hate the fact that I'm pointing out how clearly bullshit the claims in this thread are?
Assuming there's malintent to deceive people with no evidence whatsoever (and usually plenty to the contrary) is believing in a conspiracy theory.
No it's not because1) The feed was restored pretty quickly and he continued to speak2) We have nigh countless examples when feeds weren't cut during controversial discussions3) We also have plenty of examples when feeds were cut during normal controversial examplesTaken all together we get... 
That's not a week.
What do you mean by followup?  The part where they apologized for the technical glitch and promised to have him back as soon as possible (which they did)?Tell me: have you ever watched live news before?...
Give CNN viewers Halloween masks and you've got a real life Halloween 3
but...I'm not pissed or looking to be pissed at CNN????
Hahaha considering the amount of shady bullshit CNN has pulled this election cycle, I wouldn't be surprised if he's completely correct. There isn't a single trustworthy mainstream media source, not FOX, not BBC or NBC and CERTAINLY not CNN.
....apparently it is *you* that is dumber than a rock, as I made it perfectly clear to the other 400 people who understood that they didn't **think** anything, they just panicked and cut him off. 
Sorry, I didn't want to give the impression that my question was anything other than rhetorical. Let me phrase it differently: Don't talk shite.
the sadness just got ten feet taller folks!
Because it's like any other company that needs to look out for itself. If someone walks into a Chipotle and stands there talking shit about the restaurant in front of all the customers they will obviously be asked to leave my management. This is the same thing
Could it be a black hole that swallowed up the plane?No, a small black hole would suck in our entire universe.Turns out nobody on that goddamn panel knows what a black hole is.
To be fair this is just junk news. They didn't actually say that's what happened. 
That's it. What a stupid clip.
I like how their evidence is just like the movie LOST
That's some Alex Jones level shit right there
Isn't that the guy who got his nipple pierced, live on TV, drunk during new years?
Oh my gosh. I seriously didn't doubt it, I just wanted to watch it for myself.
But then you would see the absence of light no?
What is it with something political that makes everyone such an ass? It isn't that I disagree or think they're wrong, everyone just starts acting like fucking pricks. 
That his earpiece got cut off? Yeah it was probably a coincidence.
Good job pointing out bad spelling and sentence structure! You win my cringe.
You just fell for fake news lol 
Politico is as bonafide as it gets as far as reputable news sources. These are sources in intelligence communities who need to protect their identity due to the nature of their jobs, but there are 9 separate independent news organizations corroborating this massive scandal. 
Technical glitches if you have any knowledge in video production, then the bars and tone isn't a technical glitch. It's something you have to purposely put up
Who ever said they were 100% proof? 
It's not crazy to be skeptical... Is broadcasting tech still so error prone that feeds are commonly lost any more? I hardly ever see it. And if you could supply other clips of glitches that don't involve someone mentioning a topic that the network tends to censor/disagree with, that would help bolster your case/justify your hysteria. 
I'm arguing hop off my dick lol.They've cut people off on CNN for bringing up facts they don't like. I'm saying CNN are a bunch of pussies who can't take criticism when it doesn't fit their narrative. 
Yup.  We're fucked. haha
A fair point.  haha
I literally just provided instances of conveniently timed technical difficulties. The comment that you replied to threw the opinion in that it wasn't technical difficulties, but all I'm doing is providing conveniently timed technical difficulties, not trying to support either side
The worst part is that I wasn't even the one who found the three videos. I literally just linked to someone else's comment and got down voted for it
FAKE NEWS
He is not a GUEST.
Found the CNN employee. 
https://youtu.be/cbA5RE9eK08 Theres some compilations in the related column I think too, although I havent watched them
Yes. She tells her Clinton's quote, thanks for backing me up 
Yeah and once we see they can't communicate, they have an accidental reason to completely end the interview. Call us nuts all you want, but this isn't the first time this sort of thing has happened. After awhile. It's natural to stop assuming these are all just *crazy* coincidental accidents. I don't think CNN is fake news, but they are corporate media. So they will have a bias either for a corporate controlled politician, or one who can bring in ratings for more profit. They know it would be bad for them if Bernie also started accusing them of being fake news. 
believing in conspiracy theories doesn't automatically make someone nuts. 
[removed]
No, but I didn't say for the past week I said this week which yesterday is a part of.
I mean the events that happened following his joke.And: yes, I have.
> There isn't a single trustworthy mainstream media source, not FOX, not BBC or NBC and CERTAINLY not CNN.You prefer PizzaGate.com, don't 'cha?
[removed]
 And Mexico is gonna pay for it 
Thats not how free speech and unbiased news works. Not in my America, atleast.
And she was the solicitor general for the department of transportation or something
They didn't say it at all. They just read tweets.
I'm not saying it, but very smart people are saying it. People on this news station are saying it was a black hole. Now I'm not gonna tell you it was a mini black hole, but ya know, some people are saying this.
Its the idea that if your politician is wrong then you're wrong, or something like that. This whole election cycle has been toxic as fuck and I'm so worn down by it. I thought about deleting my other comments since I was half awake when I made them but I will instead stand by my mistakes.
Right after uttering CNN fake news, and knowing of all the other coincidences where people were cut off?Okay, well have fun living in your own version of reality.
Do you have a counter-point to my argument?  So far none's been provided.Go ahead.  I'll wait.
Lol *laugh/crying emoji x10*
>Politico is as bonafide as it gets as far as reputable news sources. Just fucking stop. lol >but there are 9 separate independent news organizations corroborating this massive scandal. Just like the 'pissgate' scandal huh?
http://i.imgur.com/mzelk7L.pngPolitco is **SO** reputable. They are the bonafide model of truth and objectivity.
Yeah.  Why should we care about proof?We have feels and what we know already to guide us.  
>It's not crazy to be skeptical...Skeptical doesn't mean inventing theories. I'm very skeptical of your guys' allegation.>Is broadcasting tech still so error prone that feeds are commonly lost any more? Yes.>I hardly ever see it.Guy posted a few of them above.>And if you could supply other clips of glitches that don't involve someone mentioning a topic that the network tends to censor/disagree with, that would help bolster your case/justify your hysteria.  No how about you prove CNN is censoring people. Like that soldier in the first clip; obviously CNN had an interest in talking to him because they put him on TV *clearly after a pre-interview*. How about proof CNN censored opinions about the war, whether for or against? 
There is a difference between skepticism and conspiracy theories. Hell, a lot of conspiracy theories make more sense. You all are saying that they cut these people off because of their opposing views, but they have people with opposing views on just about every show they have. Those people have expressed the same views that you all are saying they are trying to keep off the air (by cutting them off after they've expressed those views)...that doesn't even make logical sense.>And if you could supply other clips of glitchesI would, but unfortunately a bunch of nutcases have been spamming the same 5 clips as proof that CNN is trying to censor people.How about this as proof, search Kelly Ann Conway and CNN and watch them let her spread as much crazy-ass lies and misinformation as she can get out.>justify your hysteria.LOL, yeah, I'm the hysterical one...not the people seeing scary monsters around every corner.
lolNo, seriously.  Good one.> They've cut people off on CNN for bringing up facts they don't like.(Citation needed.)Specifically, to prove that point, you'll need to do the following:You'll need to compile a list of every single technical difficulty that CNN faced, and then have blind reviewers code the content of the interviews where the difficulty happened, as well as a representative sample of interviews where difficulties did not occur.Then, you'll have to show a statistically increased risk of technical difficulty during controversial interviews.Or, you could just cherry-pick three examples and declare bias. Either way.> I'm saying CNN are a bunch of pussies who can't take criticism when it doesn't fit their narrative.And what do you think of Donnie's criticism of SNL?Totally justified, right?hahaha, you people are so daft.
> but all I'm doing is providing conveniently timed technical difficulties, not trying to support either sideNow, if you want to actually convince anyone, you'll need to compile a list of every single technical difficulty that CNN faced, and then have blind reviewers code the content of the interviews where the difficulty happened, as well as a representative sample of interviews where difficulties did not occur.Then, you'll have to show a statistically increased risk of technical difficulty during controversial interviews.Or, you could just cherry-pick three examples and declare bias.  Either way.
Okay, fair enough. But still, the convenience of the timing is completely in the eye of the beholder. The fact that you are judging these timings to be convenient, does kinda suggest that you *are* trying to make a point here. 
FAKE NUDES
There's no hope for you
> Yeah and once we see they can't communicate, they have an accidental reason to completely end the interview. Slight problem: THEY DIDN'T END THE INTERVIEW.> Call us nuts all you want, but this isn't the first time this sort of thing has happened.See: confirmation bias.Now, if you want to actually convince someone sane, you'll need evidence:You'll need to compile a list of every single technical difficulty that CNN faced, and then have blind reviewers code the content of the interviews where the difficulty happened, as well as a representative sample of interviews where difficulties did not occur.Then, you'll have to show a statistically increased risk of technical difficulty during controversial interviews.Or, you could just cherry-pick a few examples and declare bias. Either way.
A large portion of conspiratards need professional help. 
Weellllll, there's a reason why they're not conspiracy fact.  If you believe that the world is out to get you and full of nefarious shadow-rulers despite evidence to the contrary you might be a nut.There are conspiracies that are supported by evidence like the Gulf of Tonkin incident, or that JFK was a lizard-person, and believing those doesn't make you less sane.
As if any brainwashed Hillbot worth his salt is going to pay attention to evidence
WHICH EVENTS?  Be specific, please.Because something tells me you're being disingenuous.  I wonder why...
They're clearly not trustworthy, but in general, if anyone believes any source without proper due diligence, then they're a fool. Everyone has bias and their own spin. 
U are full of beez wax if u think there is normal news to read 
 by taxing americans
Let's say you own a business like a bookstore. You would be OK with someone standing in the bookstore that you own and talking shit about you and your books thus making your customers leave and thus making you make less money?
I will, however; agree with you that practically all US media is biased
*That's not how free speech and unbiased news work. Not in my America, at least
Fair enough, probably my mistake for going in a political thread on reddit in the first place and not expecting tons of hate being thrown at each other 
Ear pieces drop out almost every day on the news. Why would they cut off HIS ear piece? That doesn't make any sense. But yeah CNN totally thought Bernie Sandera was calling them fake news and so they cut off his ear piece but left him live on TV with his mic working. Makes perfect sense.I'm not saying that CNN didn't cut off the people in all the other two instances you mentioned, but this particular instance is a non-story and a waste of time.

It's an exhausting battle when you take it upon yourself to fight reality
That makes little sense in this context. Have a nice day! 
> I'm very skeptical of your guys' allegation.What allegation? Why are you acting like I made every comment in this thread. Someone asked for more examples of CNN having technical difficulties with people they disagreed with, so I posted some. >No how about you prove CNN is censoring people.  I didn't say CNN was censoring people and I don't really care to investigate it. There are many other reasons I think they're an absolute shit organization and I won't watch them.
Dude I'm really not into conspiracy theories but I just checked that Chris Cuomo thing and I gotta say someone can be suspicious without doing a fucking statistical analysis of anything. This is reddit btw not the Supreme Court.
Okay buddy, I really don't have an opinion on the matter. I never declared bias
SEND NUDES
There's no hope for me because I don't jump to the narrative you want me to jump to instantly when I hear a few seconds of mumbling audio 
Did you not pay attention to CNN at all during the primaries and general election? People in the left were protesting CNN during the primaries. People on the right protesting during the general. The bias is real, and the only people who don't believe it are people who, for some reason, like the corporate democrats. 
The mafia was a conspiracy theory, people believing that makes them crazy?
... did you look at his videos? there's a reason he just deleted the comment but I'll paste it all now.You've listed the same 3 of examples multiple times, and FYI spamming links doesn't actually impress people or make your arguments more convincing - usually the opposite.Wow some of these aren't even controversial.Like why would CNN cut someone off about the public private statement Hillary made when they covered it themselves so many times and even brought it up in the debates.On top of that you realize that for everyone 1 example of these you provide, someone could probably give 100 examples of when CNN doesn't lose a feed during a controversial interview right?That's a pretty typical type of conspiracy theory that plays to people'sselection bias heuristic. It would be like me noticing every-time I really need to go to the bathroom, I get stuck at a red light. Therefore if you still believe the government isn't reading my mind and controlling stop signs you need to rethink voting in the future.
The events in this video: https://vimeo.com/203535300, after Bernie tells his joke.
 it's gonna be an amazing wall.  it will be made by concrete rebar. Absolutely amazing 
No just the poor ones 
Your point is off base with the moral of what I'm trying to convey here.
You used your semi colon wrong. 
>Ear pieces drop out almost every day on the news.No they don't.>Why would they cut off HIS ear piece?Because they're incompetent and they panicked.>all the other two instances you mentionedThere are more instances if you'd like to go look them up.
I just gave you an example of fake news in mainstream media which was a massive scandal that turned out to be bullshit.Just like trumps alleged rapes which mysteriously got droppedOr the supposed N-word tapes that the news speculated on.But just keep going by rumors and unverified sources (who have been wrong MULTIPLE TIMES) though 
It makes perfect sense in this context...And you too.
>What allegation?The one you're alluding to when you say it's not crazy to be skeptical while posting non-random samples of glitches on topics CNN has reported on multiple times. >Why are you acting like I made every comment in this thread. Someone asked for more examples of CNN having technical difficulties with people they disagreed with, so I posted some.OK, since you're backing off the skeptical stance, you no longer request proof that CNN has non-controversial glitches that would justify our hysteria?>>No how about you prove CNN is censoring people.  >I didn't say CNN was censoring people and I don't really care to investigate it. There are many other reasons I think they're an absolute shit organization and I won't watch them. CNN's viewers are slightly left of center. Personally I get my news from as many sources as possible.
>Someone asked for more examples of CNN having technical difficulties with people they disagreed with, so I posted some.Not exactly, you were backing up someone who was saying, CNN have a long history of cutting people off the second they say something contravertial, it's not just a coincidence.
> Dude I'm really not into conspiracy theories but I just checked that Chris Cuomo thing and I gotta say someone can be suspicious without doing a fucking statistical analysis of anything.Sure.  But non-conspiracy-types usually like to see actual evidence.  
So you don't have an opinion, but you just collected those links for no reason whatsoever?I'll see a bunch of T_D posts in your comment history, won't I?
MEND SHOES
SEND NEWS
^(america's great)
Let me guess though, 10 seconds of police body-cam footage and you're ready to convict, right?
> The bias is realSure, there's bias.  Just as there is with every single thing.This is not bias in the sense of Breitbart, though.  Not even close.And this laughable video being bandied around as proof of their censorship just shows how fucked Trump supporters are.But we knew that already.haha
No, that's more along the lines of the gulf of tonkin - substantial evidence to support it.  Believing that CNN has some conspiracy to cut out any time someone mentions the phrase fake news based on one video of Bernie Sanders (a well known pro-CNN leftist) losing his feed (which he almost immediately regained and continued speaking), is crazy. 
[removed]
[removed]
You mean the totally normal things I already described?What a joke you are, hey?haha
But NO WINDMILLS!!!
Off base with the moral? That makes no sense 
*You used your semicolon incorrectly. And no I didn't haha
>No they don't.Yes they do.
Why are you so committed to him..? It's creepy. You guys come in here and brigade a video that's clearly a simple technical issue. It's fucking pitiful man. Seriously.
I'm not backing off being skeptical.Being skeptical is not the same as an allegation of any sorts. The idea of alluding to an allegation in general is laughable. Stop inferring that everyone who has a different viewpoint than you is some right wing conspiracy-toting boogeyman. 
Depends about what. I also believe what I see. 
I linked to someone else's collection if you can't tell. I commented on Trump's AMA on t_d but that's about it
Yikes. And the poor guy was so nice about it. Man, I really don't like Trump, but folks on the left really need to tone down the smug. It feeds the worst of Trump's supporters.
Theirs a bunch of skinhead kids in the children's cancer hospitable they can interrogate next.
Also, being a skinhead doesn't necessarily mean right wing. There are skinheads on the whole political spectrum, it was just the right leaning ones that caught media attention back in the 70s and therefore caused a negative image of the entire subculture. Plenty of liberals and anti-fascistsEdit: I realize now that this was at UW, probably at the milo yiannopoulos event, so therefore that's probably why it was assumed that he was a racist skinhead
I actually liked listening to the vet explaining his opinion in detail. 
So the Veteran says that by wearing a device that protects from cellphone signals they'll get stripes on their heads?  That fucking sucks, they should develop an R2 unit that carries that & follows them around. 
I love the CNN style cut at the end: Holy shit this guy is destroying everything we believe, shut it down. 
Haha. Same thing happened in an episode of Curb Your Enthusiasm
The guy was super nice about it and seems like a good person, but he really needs to rethink his whole the right to healthcare equals indentured servitude argument.
No, it justifies them. As in, it verifies that the worst are right. 
So the worst of the left mislabels people, and the worst of the right advocates genocide. 
Yea, because he supported his viewpoint with facts. 
As a Canadian (who used to practice some medical malpractice law), I have never understood the logic behind American opposition to a single payer system.Private Health care via insurance is fundamentally the same thing, except a significant chunk is swallowed up for administration and profit. I
Actually you are the one who needs to rethink it. How can you have a right to something and it is not forced to be carried out at the same time? Those two things contradict each other. If you have a right to something, there needs to be a mechanism in place. 
So now you're referring to deporting people as genocide? True cringe worthy retardation. You came to the right place. 
It's almost like one political leaning is less fucked up than the other...
Sorry but I have no idea what you're talking about. A mechanism in place for what? What is being forced to be carried out at the same time?
Jesus fucking Christ. 
Wow, that's definitely the kind of cringe that comes back to haunt you when you're trying to sleep and your brain decides to relive your worst moments for you. 
>That's when detective Jack Daniels was going to solve this murder mystery. When I read this line, I knew this was going to be really good.I felt so much secondhand cringe from this story. 10/10.
It's always sunny taught me what a brown out is. This was great. 
it's still very weird how casual about it she was.. I mean, if she didn't even seem upset AT ALL that's kinda strange, even if he was sick and she was expecting it.
This is a monumental once in a lifetime level fuckup
He looked fine yesterday that to me is the best part. I imagine all the cops knowing he was terminally ill and and looking at you like what the fuck is this guy thinking? Thanks for sharing thae story, very entertaining.
Ohhhhhhhh nooooo......
Randy, I AM the liquor
That TLDR though. It is one of those high quality ones that is better as the closing sentence of the paragraph you were too lazy to read.
ohhh nooo.  This is painful cringe.  Way she goes boys, way she goes.  
Well you aren't alone, about 8 years ago my dumb clueless drunk aunt went  and also accused my uncle's young widow of setting him up to be killed. Accusing her at the wake in front of all the relatives that she had him killed to get money. Meanwhile we all knew that he was killed randomly and robbed. An yes the killers were caught and in jail. To this day my aunt  won't admit wrong doing. Plus this aunt was young also but a damn alcoholic. Smh. 
I work with hospice, it's very common for people who have lost loved ones with a terminal illness to have already made their peace and said their goodbyes before the death. It's not that shocking to me that she wasn't a weeping mess. With that being said, it's odd that she went to her neighbors and acted like nothing was wrong before calling someone. Either way ya dun fucked up, cringe X 100.
Great. Now *I* need a drink.
I don't understand why someone would just knock on a door at 7AM and tell the people inside that their husband just died. That's not a thing humans do.
My girlfriend discovered the body of her boss who had just shot himself. She panicked and called her co-worker who lived up the street and me before she called 911. By the time I got there the police had her inside, swabbing her hands for gunpowder residue and interrogating her. This went on for two hours. In the meantime, his wife, brother, and mother showed up. None of us knew at the time how he did it, and, outside of the police, only she and her co-worker had seen the body. He shot himself in the bedroom (they worked out of his house) and the room was dark, so the co-worker didn't get a good look at the scene. When the co-worker was asked how he did it, he said he didn't know because he didn't really see any blood. This led the boss's mother to start constructing a scenario where my girlfriend killed him!As soon as she came outside she came straight to me. After I consoled her for a minute and she explained that there was a lot of blood and she found the gun on the ground next to him, I told her she needed to go explain that to his family, because they were about to start telling the cops that she did it!
This feels like TIFU
She came down for the sympathy, but stayed for the murder charge.
Props on quitting, an incident like this would probably send me into a downward spiral.
my eyes are fucking watering I need to be alone
no amount of alcohol will ever wash that cringe down.fuck!
Maybe she was slowly poisoning him and that's why he was terminally ill.As far as I'm concerned, the jury is still out!
Not going to lie, this gave a me a really good laugh at work right now and your responses are hilarious too. 10/10 
I have stories like these, frankly there's nothing better to keep you sober. These are 'i never ever want to be that person again' stories, something every alcoholic holds. How long have you been in recovery?
24 hours at a time friend. No tomorrow just today.
You're an awful human. And this is like... next-level-cringe.Good post.
But she laughed that you guys were still up drinking and hadn't called 911 yet? Honestly I do think that was kind of odd. Of course you were drunkenly rude about it but I think you still had a point. 
At first I'm like, 'damn that's harsh but you may be right'. Then the last few lines hit and I gasped and said Holy shit.
I'm cringing more at the fact that your friends didn't pull you in as soon as you started opening your mouth with suspicion.If your friend knew he guy was terminally I'll.. I would expect him to grab you right away and pull you inside.Major cringe. 
There is definitely some cringe in that you were unaware, but that wife is waaaaaaay more cringe than you Lady - hey guys sup? My husbands dead, like 20 minutes ago. Oh call the police? Good idea lol 
Hahahahaha that's fucked. But dude I probably would have done the same thing. Even sober. I probably would have been a bit more tactful about it though. 
Probably shock. I worked in call centre and the person mext to me got a call from a man stating his wife had just died. He just hit redail on the phone (we were the last people he had dialled) and started talking. It took a while for us to reach him enough to hang up and call an ambulance. Poor darlin.
Well, the memory of that moment should keep you sober for a few years lol
Ay sounds reasonable to me. Who casually drops in convo that their husbo just died? Seems a tid unhinged to me, tbf I am drunk right now, that being said your actions were obviously negatively impacted by alcohol. (aka pee pee water.)
I am late on this but this is a true story in my family. When I was 5, my dad died. He had a terminal illness. He had a neurodegenerative disease that caused him to be in a wheelchair for the last couple years of his life. When he died (I was in the house when it happened), my mom was not home. A couple days later, my uncle accused my mom of killing my dad and actually filed a police report. The police knew his claimed could not hold up because of his medical condition. But yeah, I made this comment because this post reminded me of that time. Good times, good times...
Oh my fucking God.
This is the cringiest cringe I have seen in this subreddit.Well done OP.
Ooooof. That's a good one. I have a few of my own on the drink but christ, nothing like that. 
Fuck me
Did you ever see her again?
Recovery was made for people like you.
Dude, props to you for posting this, that's a life crippling fuck up. Did you ever apologize to the woman? I imagine she'd appreciate it, although you would probably benefit from it too.
You were right to be suspicious of her very odd behavior.  It's certainly not as cringey as it could be.
That is fucking great! You probably cracked the case wide open, that's why her face was like that. She was like HOW DOES HE KNOW!?Anyway, how old was she? And was she hot? 
Normie mistake: you didn't proceed to go full blackout so you would never remember. 
Tried to scroll pass this, really tried.
Weak.  
> When I was 21, I went overboard with alcohol. At least one night a week I'd be drinking from 6pm to 8 amexactly where I'm at right now.
Genius. That's hilarious 
Whenever I lay awake at night trying to forget every cringey, embarrassing, stupid moment of my life- which is every night of my life- I'll remember your fuck up and feel more at ease. 
hahah is it bad i found this too fucking hilarious.....
That's really good cringe.Did you apologize for it ?
I was raised to believe a brown out was getting so drunk you shit yourself. Is it possible to do that twice in one night?
Holy shit. This is horrific. 
The worst part is, no matter how much she can understand that you were drunk and being dumb, and forgive you for it, she'll always have that memory attached to the memory of the night her husband died.This one time I was working the carside take-out at a restaurant, it was kind of late so I was wrapping things up.  I had just finished an order with a white SUV which seemed to be sitting there a long time.  I figured they were eating in the car like some of them do, but it turned out that that white SUV drove off and another parked in the same spot.  The lady called in furious and halfway crying because she was waiting, and of course it turned out that it was the first wedding anniversary after her husbands death and they always went there for it.At first I felt like well fuck me but eventually just felt bad for giving her a bad memory.
Why even type out a tl;dr if it doesn't provide any context? I hate that shit
lmao
I think this is fucking hilarious, good shit man lmao 
Yeah, alcohol can be rad that way. This reminds me of a story about a neighborhood fellow, also a recovering alcoholic. He and a friend were out all day partying like the Pope on Hitler's birthday. They were leaving a bar (or backyard) when they met a man selling a bright red convertible. Our friend buys the car on a whim because the price was right, and booze cruises the night away in style. It wasn't until the next morning when he realized the bright red clunky sedan, who's top was completely sheared off in an obvious yet crafty way, was not a convertible .I know not what happened to these boss wheels, but our friend is well. Please don't drink and drive.
Detective Jack Daniels lmao nice dude that was a funny story thanks for sharing. 
We all did stupid shit back in our worst days of substance abuse man. Sounds like you're working you 4th step lol. Catch you at a meeting.
That sounds like something I would have done while drunk. I'm going for sobriety again, about 30 days clean thus far.
Christ you're a dick
I'm sorry, but fuck that. I would have thought the same thing. She can't expect you to be totally understanding especially since you noted that:A.) she never met you before B.) she has recognized that you have been drinking all nightShe has to have a level of understanding on this. She probably is pushing a lot of emotion down and clearly not having the best day of her life, but approaching a bunch of kids who are browning in and out all night from beer and whiskey, you can't tell them that your husband is dead upstairs with no context, and you haven't called the cops yet with what sounds like a pretty expressionless face without someone thinking you murdered your fucking spouse. 
I hope you bought her flowers or something the next day
The only people who do shit like that when drunk are people who have shit personalities to begin with. 
Hey, look on the bright side. It was the booze talking. Be relieved that you're not the kind of person who would say that sober. We all make mistakes.
This was kinda on her too. She nonchalantly drops that her husband just died 20 minutes ago with no further explanation to a couple of drunks?
I dont drink at all at least one day weekI dont consider myself an alcoholic though since i never brown out
That's a little cringey on your end but if I'm being honest I'm sitting here stone sober and I think how she was acting is suss as fuck too. Maybe she was sort of in shock tho, who knows how they'll act when the love of their life dies.
Excellent use of browned out
http://i.imgur.com/amnmPfr.png
None of us knew at the time I got the call about my dad, I was 21, I went numb.
Why this sub exists. 
I'm glad you got help!
Always bet on Detective Jack kid, never stears me wrong, now you re looking a bit supsciscou yourself, typin ll that shit on the screeen and stuff lie what....YOU DID IT DIDNT YOYU? 
Oof 
r/Thathappened The police were definitely going to take an intoxicated mans words 
Quite a few parts of this story require some serious suspension of disbelief
> Tldr; I'm a recovering alcoholicAre you, though?
that's fucking mad lmao
It's not that shocking to me got a second date with this one and I was talking about.
he looked just fine yesterday.. oh shit, sorry but that made laugh out loud.
This is #1 all time cringe. But it's not the kind of cringe where I have to back out half way, I feel for OP 
I still don't get it...Twenty minutes after her husband passed she goes knock on the neighbor's door at 7 in the morning to ask what's up? What was she wanting from you guys?
She nonchalantly drops that her husband passed she goes knock on the bright side.
At least the widow didn't hear it... Did she?
I'm sorry,  I lost it right at,  he looked fine just yesterday  ha
I mean, I hope for your sake and the woman's that this is just a good story. But if, by some miracle, this did happen as you told it, I am truly amazed at how fucking hilariously terrible that is. 
*throw
You honestly deserve be retroactively be punched in the teeth
I'm a recovering alcoholic too and I thought puking on people/a brain injury I had was the way to quit but FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUX!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
That was terrible
I didn't feel any cringe from this. Am I normal?
Yo, congrats on recovery. Are you still in touch with this woman? I'd write a letter of apology or offer actual amends, like yardwork or shoveling.  Go easy on yourself, it's not an excuse, but we're not spiritually ourselves in those situations. 
I'm a recovering alcoholic Awesome dude! If you feel yourself slipping, I'm sure remembering this story will sober you right up. But for real, keep at it, and reach out to people if you feel yourself slipping
I don't blame you too much. Acting so calm like that after he died just minutes before is weird.
Even sober, I think I would have been just as suspicious.  This woman just calmly works the fact that her husband died like twenty minutes ago into a casual conversation and treats it with a completely cavalier demeanor and you're just supposed to take it at face value?Without any further information on the husband's terminal illness, I'd assume she killed him, too.
Rip. This is r/tifu content, not r/cringe, though. Rip either way 
[removed]
You're a piece of shit and I hope someone will accuse YOU of murder in your life.
The few times I've told this story, I've gotten this response
I want to say it's Jason Bourne but holy fuck this guy has worse situational awareness that Michael Scott after a few drinks.
Yes my son?
I was on a date once, and we were swapping bad date stories. I tell her about this one chick who was beautiful and nice, but just the lamest person ever. I was getting a little tipsy and then I blurt out I didn't like her very much, but I went on a second date with her, cause she was hot and I really wanted to have sex with her. Never got a second date with this one and I still think about it maybe every few months. Atrocious.  
This is my life.
It's probably great encouragement not to get plastered again though.
I read all of this in Ricky's voice.
My trashy beach reads are the Jack Dniels series. Great story line, fast paced and sucks you right in...check them out!Shot of Tequila: A Jack Daniels Thriller (Jacqueline Jack Daniels Mystery) https://www.amazon.com/dp/1453885765/ref=cm_sw_r_cp_apa_RaGNyb5ZQ69BB
Yes. I paused reading when i came to this line and saved the rest for later, after I had finished some work. Was not disappointed
I read that line in Kyle Kinane's voice.
And to put alcohol in pop cans 
The Gang Accuses a Widow of Murder
Now here's what I remember from my brown state...
She was hiding something
Grief, shock and loss aren't like the movies. People aren't always dramatic. They can be, sometimes.But sometimes you're just stone cold.A few years back, I lost a very close friend. He was going through a tough time and he ended his own life.The first day, other friends and I met up to be together. I was consoling everyone, I was staying strong, I was just being friendly. That night, I woke up in a sweat, and I couldn't stop crying for hours. It just suddenly hit me I guess, if that makes sense, that one of my best friends id never see again...
Shock probably. 
My SO found his mom dead, he was pretty unemotional as everyone around him was breaking down. When we went to bed that night is when the crippling despair set in. People handle tragedy differently.
I've done this similar thing before.Casually breaking somber news to a group having a fun time. Can't lie, but don't want to bum everyone out. Awkward smile that looks psychopathic. Hyperventilate and cry later.
This isn't television, where a person has to wildly emote and flail around and cry and loudly state how they feel.This is real life, where many people face constant pressure to not react, to not be upset, to handle things, to be real human beings.That reaction might seem weird, but it's perfectly normal.
I don't think so. I've seen a few deaths in my time and I react exactly the same way. The first hour or so is just like: Oh well, yeah, we all die, especially if I'm expecting it, it's like: ...And I knew it was coming, so, yeah. Then I just feel like talking to someone, and then eventually it really dawns on me and I go back home/to an empty room and then I bawl my eyes out.
I know and why would she call the police? I mean, I'm not sure who I'd call but I don't think I'd call the police. An ambulance? maybe, more likely just the hospital though. 
Read the explanation; he had killed himself and she knew it was coming so she was most likely in the acceptance stage.
So many variables need to combine to create this level of cringe.I'm glad today I was part of this.OP, you fucking glorious cretin.
Not really a fuck up with the information he was given
This adds a while other level to the cringe. OP has never even met the dude!
that sucks
OP definitely joined the shit tornado to Oz.
OP shouldve called the cops, the real cops not the crazy fake trailer park drunk fat gut crazy cops
yeah I think OP is overestimating his statement that he went overboard with alcohol and was an alcoholic because he drank once per week.... unless he went further downhill from this story hahaha
Belongs to r/BestOfTLDR 
God takes care of the little sparrows in the sky he's gonna take care of the guy in the chair.
Sometimes she goes, sometimes she don't. Way she goes.
I can totally understand her not being a total mess. But the rest of this story just screams bullshit to me... I've known of a few people around my home town as well as an uncle that died at home... To my knowledge the police were never called... Let alone enough to be 'surrounded' by cops. I'm quite sure the lady would've been well informed on the process when it did happen and wouldn't just be downstairs chatting it up with some young drunks... I don't know maybe I'm wrong but my BS meter is on high for sure.
She probably wanted to be with people and was grief/shock. 
Have you ever had a spouse die at 7am?
If you don't understand something, why are you knocking it?
There was plenty of things that followed this too
I'm glad my misery could be your joy
Oh yeah plenty of times
I did but if I'm being honest it was very brief because it seemed like she had no idea what I was talking about. 
I'd tell you to stop, but you won't listen. But seriously do not drink and drive or get into a car with someone who has been drinking
if it makes you feel any better, once a week isn't really that bad. 
You know how a black out is when you don't remember anything from the night before? A brown out is like that, except instead of not having memory of anything, you start speaking Spanish
Oh come on. Like you haven't wrongfully accused someone of murdering their freshly deceased spouse before. We've all been there right?
You know I didn't
You bet
An alcoholic is someone who drinks more than you
Thanks bozo
When they find me I'm ready. I'm notorious for making up stories to make my self look much worse than I am and I need to be stopped
I'm not smart enough to fully understand this sentence, but I think you're saying I made it up. I'm not smart enough to make it up. If there's any specific part you have questions about I'll answer em.
What?
Kinda like when someone says, my car won't start, and someone else asks if the battery is dead and the owner says, well, it was fine yesterday! Things in this scenario that do not matter at ALL: Yesterday. 
I've read this over and over again and it's bugged the hell out of me that I made that typo but didn't edit it cuz I wasn't called out
I don't know. Sure as shit makes me cringe
That confused me for a while too but as it turns out she had major mental health issues. There was more encounters with her after that but the last one there ever was, was when she intentionally tried to burn the apartment building down. Everything in my friends apartment ending up being destroyed but luckily nobody was seriously injured. Also, her mental health aside maybe she was prepared for his death or maybe she was in shock from it. I have no idea. 
> No wonder America voted for Trump. You're a bunch of fucked up idiots.Are you the Euro version of [this guy](http://i2.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/facebook/000/710/689/db2.gif) with a beret instead of a fedora?
Shock is a thing. Even when it's expected it's still understandable that people act in odd ways when a loved one passes away. There's no play book.
*wrongfully* accuse
We've all done things we're not proud of, get off your high horse. 
How does this make them a piece of shit? We're talking about a bunch of super drunk kids getting approached by a woman who they don't know, very casually telling them about her husbands death that she hasn't called any authority or medical to assist her. If you can't even try to understand why OP thought what they did before you call them a piece of shit and hope someone wrongfully accuses them of murder at some point in their life, then you are an unreasonable and irrational person. 
I can tell why you're so offended by your username. 
Found the self concious murderer.
Ugh. 
eh shit happensgood sobriety capital right there
> The few times I've told this story, I've gotten this responseHad a neighbor tell me to stop my crying and wailing over my dad because he's not dead yet.  Was helping the funeral home folks clear room for him to be pulled from the house at the time and couldn't hold it in anymore.
JESUS FUCKING CHRIST
That's why I drink in my living room alone... with reddit.
Even if this happened ages ago you should track her down and apologize. Just be like hey remember that drunk asshole that accused you of killing your husband.PS: Thank you for being a terrible drunk for our amusement.
Think of it in a positive light she really dodged a bullet.
Honey no
At least you gave her another story
Fuck, I just got hit with a 'nam level war flash back. I was on the phone with a guy I was pretty interested, but had only met maybe two weeks prior to this happening (so we weren't really close). We were both drunk, but I was definitely much, MUCH more drunk than him (I had done my 7th shot maybe 15 minutes before he called me. Granted, I had been drinking since that afternoon, but as a tiny female I was definitely whacked). I had just ranted to him about some really irrelevant drama going on in my life for a LONG time, he was totally cool about it. He tells me he's going to have another glass of wine, and for some reason I'm like, I'll do another shot!Things are going alright, I'm so happy to be talking to him.Then it hits me. I was trying to tell him a story, but start feeling super nauseous so I start shouting I'M GOING TO THROW UP. DUDE, I'M TOTALLY GOING TO THROW UP RIGHT NOW. I'M ABOUT TO VOMIT. He's being really nice about it, just saying stuff like hey you're gonna be okay, you're not gonna throw up. He says he's gonna put on some music and I'm like, PUT ON AMERICAN PIE. So he does. And I start *yodeling* along. The night ended with me puking all over my kitchen sink while talking to him. We still text every once in awhile, but I'm not surprised that he never called me again after that. 
Ouch! 
Oh my god
Honestly I probably would have laughed at that, lol
That's everyone's life
Konrath is my favorite author and I immediately thought of that series also. I'm so happy I came across someone else who's familiar. You should check out all his books (some written under an alias), they're all absolutely fantastic and the horrorish ones are absolutely gruesome and sick.
I didn't even clock that part. Red wine in the can and I'd have probably got it! 
You can gesture all you want!
I arrested a lady with a Camelback full of Merlot one night. The Camelback had nothing to do with the arrest. It was pretty funny to inventory. (She was peeing next to my patrol truck using the push bumper to stabilize, the emergency lights were on and I was helping a man on the beach who was having a heart attack. I went back to get my drug box and found her)
*soda
Nah, Always Sunny doesn't teach that, being a teenager in general teaches that. Or maybe it's just a Philly thing. If you put a splash of seltzer water into vodka in a Sprite bottle people think it's just Sprite (until they smell it).
I initially read that as pop tarts. Now I'm curious. 
The Gang Solves a Murder*
This needs to happen. Can someone contact the writers?
You banged your sister!
crippling despair
Something? More like everything. Who the fuck else has she killed is the real goddamn question.
Find the collar catch the killer. 
oh god, are you drunk again ?
Same happened to me when my dad died when I was little. They told me he died and I just sat there. Didn't cry, didn't move, nothing. I didn't know what to do. It didn't really connect that he was actually gone until I saw him though 
A childhood friend died recently, most likely from an OD but I don't know for sure.  I hadn't seen him in years and I was at the doctor's in the waiting room when I saw the Facebook post about it.I texted a few mutual friends and it was a very wtf moment for me, but I wasn't incredibly upset or anything.  Just sad.An hour later I get in my car and I started sobbing. Completely out of nowhere. For a good fifteen minutes.  Hadn't seen the guy in years but I felt gut-wrenched. Grief is very strange.  I'm still trying to figure out why it hit me so hard and delayed.     
When my dad died I went numb. No crying or freaking out or anything. I felt numb and emotionless. My wife likes to freak out and cry a lot in those situations. She did not understand my reaction at all. 
I was very calm on the day I found my grandfather dead. My brother and grandmother just lost it when the saw him. When the coroner and police officer showed up, they were all wiping away tears. I was just normal. The officer and the coroner kept eyeing me, and even asked if I ever had a problem with my pops. Fucking assholes. About 2 years down the road I broke into tears. Cried for a whole day and didn't sleep for 3 or 4 days. I guess at the time I just knew he was going to die soon. I actually left the army because I had a feeling he wasn't going to live much longer and wanted to spend time with him. He died exactly 7 days after I got home.
Once I got the call about my dad, I was hit with a wave of emotion but I was alone in my car so I pulled over and just stared off into space. I was calm and I sat there thinking, it's finally over. I wasn't sad or happy. I was just there. She was probably in the same mental state.   
When I was little I went to my first funeral for an old man from church who was really nice. I was so sad and crying etc. But the wife of the man who died looked peaceful. I asked my mom why she wasn't sad. My mom just said by that time you've experienced death so many times and you expect it and accept it, and it's ok when it's their time. I remember being horrified like oh jeez I'm gonna get used to this??? But I guess it's true, time goes on and death gets a little less shocking. 
Horrific tragedies are like Reese's in that there is no wrong way to process them. 
i believe it's a pretty common responsesource: same thing happened to me
> even if he was sick and she was expecting it.I did read that that's why I said this... even if you have a terminally ill family member and you know their end is coming, it doesn't make it any less hard when they're gone

[Oh, no! That sucks!](http://2static3.fjcdn.com/thumbnails/comments/6082825+_80f59e2fad2205fb759e924aed205c8e.jpg)
Dude that's hilarious
Very true, you may be on to something here.
And she probably heard them partying.
>Have you ever murdered a spouse  at 7am?      
Not a spouse, but my dad died the day after Christmas in the morning. Definitely didn't feel compelled to tell anyone. Biggest cry I've had in my life. My tear glands were all dried up. I just wanted him to make it through the next 6 months to see me graduate college. 
Anything remotely as cringe as this one?
Is that always a shitty moment? I'd move towns after that one. 
Puedo haber tenido muchas cervezas, pero eso no tiene sentido.
I know, dude's talking like he's never been on a bender before.
[deleted]
What are the rules?!
Hahahahahahahaha 
Well then, I guess I'm another fucked up idiot. 
Well this is an important part missing from the story.
lmao
Well, that was mean..
Holy shit that still hurts to read those two words 
This story would fit perfectly into the repertoire of someone I knew. I pictured and heard her say, I'M GOING TO THROW UP. DUDE, I'M TOTALLY GOING TO THROW UP RIGHT NOW. I'M ABOUT TO VOMIT.Is your name Sarah?
Oh hell yea Tryin to make a change :-\
I believe the camelback full of merlot played a pretty big part in the arrest, actually 
*sodie pop
Dammit, yours is better. 
The newest episode was a take on Making a Murderer with Dennis being accused of killing Maureen. 
Yeah but we all are
Officer, that kid looked fine yesterday. 
Same with me. They told me my dad had died and I just kind of looked at them and went back to watching Darkwing Duck. Had no idea how to even process it. It took days before I really understood. I vividly remember my mom screaming at me in a bathroom because it's like you don't even care that your daddy is dead what is wrong with you?! Well shit mom, I'm seven and just experienced death for the first time. 
Same thing happened to a friend of mine just last week. (OD as well) Didn't feel any emotional response until later that night when I was all alone in the shower. Just started bawling my eyes out. I think our brains just need time to process death sometimes. Sorry for your loss.
I do the same thing only I'll break down at some completely inappropriate time sometime later. Like when my aunt died I had no response for about 2 weeks then I just lost it in the middle of a grocery aisle. 
Why are you still convinced that she killed him? How long ago was this?
*hugs*The trauma of death is not something for which you can make a do/dont list.
Oh yeah. I might ~~sure~~ share later 
No, he seems like someone who has come to terms with the fact that he fucked up.
Nope, but I have a feeling Sarah and I would be great drunk karaoke buddies.
We're bringing this back huh? Tryin to make a change :-\
Well yes in the public intoxication sense. That's for sure! But at the time they could drink all they want below prior nights high tide. So she went for peeing not drinking.
Me too thanks
Think so too.  Thanks man. Hope your doing alright
I'm just joking around she totally didn't do it. It was about four years ago.
Excellent 
Based on exactly one anecdote, I would agree! Haha.
Oh hell yea Tryin to make a change :-\
Hope you're doing better with alcohol dude! lol
Did I accidently wonder in /r/meirl again?
Yes, I thought it was funny. Don't know why my sentence was read as a serious query
Don't encourage him it gets much worse. 
Is that a girl? *oh hell ya*
>Oh hell yea*Mason* 
The alcohol does make me feel better, yes. 
I'm always wondering in there. Lots to ponder. 
Leave me alone you don't know me
I'll be right back. Gotta take care of somethingOh hell yea
Me too thanks
>I'll be right back. Gotta take care of something>Oh hell yea Oh hell yea Tryin to make a change :-\
> this was at sundance a few years ago. basically drake was supposed to play at 1am but a blizzard delayed him and aziz did stand up to keep the crowd from getting bored but they were over it and started heckling. cuba just wanted to save the dayIf that's the case, then the video doesn't accurately capture the situation.  When it starts, Aziz is getting laughs and some cheers.  So it looked like Cuba went up for no good reason.In reality (if the description is to be believed), then Aziz was trying to do a cool thing, and Cuba was trying to do a cool thing, too.  The video does a shit job of showing what happened, in its entirety.
I like the people in the audience yelling Show me the money! I hope hearing that really made him re-think his decision to jump on stage like a goof.
I met Cuba Gooding Jr a couple months ago and that dude is legit crazy. He's got this super manic energy and you can just tell he's on the verge of some sort of meltdown
Is that Radio himself?
I guess this is the video that killed the Radio star.
Cuba's thinks he's entitled.   Look at his face.
Motherfucker thinks he's actually OJ.
ITT: Cuba Gooding has only been in 2 movies. 
either they dont know.......don't sho......
Cocaine is a hell of a drug
At least he gave those people who paid good money some talent.
Lmao this dude might need help 
Ricky!!!!!!!!!!!!!
No Aziz, actually you're only sorta funny.  
No Cuba Gooding Jr I am very funny Sheesh seems insecure with that shit comeback
so a guy trys to tell a joke and some random comes up and screams shut the fuck up
Is no one going to mention the pathetic bing ad in the background? :(
If I was in the crowd I'd be so thankful for someone saving me from the horribly unfunny Aziz Ansari
And the comments on this thread judging him when they don't know the situation. 
Aziz doing stand up to *prevent* people from getting bored? Somebody got some wires crossed.
 meh. he won awards for that movie though. they shouldve said Get off the stage, Radio! 
Meh, people used to say the same thing about Tom Cruise. And he's still doing fine.
Just his head
This is clever. Take my upvote.
seriously guys.... COOL RUNNINGS!
This reads like a trump tweet. 
Regardless of context, Aziz trying to get the mic back made me cringe. 
Doing fineDidn't he go psycho and join a cult?
He's not even in Cool Runnings?
Please pray for Aziz's ratings
I think he's been Scientologist for since the 90's. I was referring to Cruise circa 2006, when he was jumping on Oprah's couch and stuff. He was seen as a psycho by the media, but rebounded after 3 years or so and has been getting steady work in action movies since.
> I just stood there waiting for her to come back. 10 minutes later;(   )>Rrr-ghghgh!I literally stopped reading there for a while to take some breaths. Lmao, maybe your friends set you up, think about that, maybe they're film makers cooking their next cringe video
Hey man, at least you tried.Crash and burn, learn from your mistakes, and do better next time.Go back to that bar and own it. Nobody cares or remembers what happened, and Tina sounds so fucking uptight and humourless that you actually did yourself a huge favour.Don't sweat it.
Dude, she wasn't into Star Wars. She was IN Star Wars when a Wookiee killed her father. Your friends set you up.
[Feisty one you are](https://youtu.be/D4JmrXKccgI)
Wookiee*
Don't beat yourself up.  We all do stupid things like that in pursuit of love.  But, in the future, do me a favor: do not invoke star wars when you're trying to pick up women, k?
I second all of this. 
I third all of this 
 I fourth this
I fifth it.
Well that's just unfortunate all around. 
I really hope someone tweets this to Tyler for his thoughts on it/verification. I would but I don't have a Twitter account.
I had to google this guy, never heard of him. TBH awkward or not he was probably glad someone out there recognized him.
... He's a very popular rapper. Just because you haven't heard of him doesn't mean he's a nobody. The dude gets recognized every day, he's doing just fine.
Regionally popular? I mean that's my favorite genre and I've never heard of him. He might have a following but he's not popular.
Er no, it's not a regional thing. Your favorite genre is hip hop and you've never heard of odd future or Tyler the Creator? Maybe you're old?Idk dude my point is that just because *you* haven't heard of someone doesn't mean they're no one. This is a gap in your knowledge, it's not his problem. I'm not saying he's a superstar but the dude makes music with ASAP and Kanye. His video for Yonkers has almost 100 million views. He has a TV show. You can say he's not popular all you want but that doesn't make it true.
Hiphop or rap being your favorite genre and having never even heard of Tyler the Creator is bullshit
Could have responded with an empty comment
Okay, I see you're a fan. That's cool and I respect that. But whatever dude, I'm not a fan myself and I don't want anything to do with your weird celebrity worship. My point is he's not someone that the average person will recognize on the street. He might be popular with a small subset of the population but he's not someone that most people would think of as a celebrity. That's all I was saying.So to recap I'm sorry I haven't heard of your favorite rapper in the world, the very famous Tyler the Creator. If I ever see his name again then I'll most likely remember it now. Thank you very much.
Right, or I just don't follow it as fanatically as you. My head is not as far up hip hop's ass as yours, tomato.
You're very weird. If you keep up with hip hop you know who Tyler is. He's Grammy nominated, VMA nominated. Those are popularity contests you don't get in without selling a bunch of records. Selling a lot of records = popular. 
Hahaha, I think she hit a nerve calling you old. But yeah dude most anybody knows who tyler is 
I don't claim it's my favorite genre and then not know one of the most influential artists of the past decade of that genre. 
I don't read about hip hop in the news and and I don't fawn over rappers, I guess. I also don't talk about hip hop that often with friends. I just add shit to my Spotify playlists that I enjoy.
I don't know if that was really cringey, but, it did make me giggle a bit. Hope the girl is ok
That towel/bag placement on the floor was comical genius. 
It's okay, people.  There's no need to worry about the dude.  The cheerleader broke his fall.
If someone falls down like that, is it safe to pick them up and carry them away? It seemed like she was being bounced around quite a bit.... if she hurt her back or whatever, wouldn't that have fucked her up even worse?
That second fall looks worse than the first one. 
Why that guy decides he's going to run with the injured girl is beyond me.  If he walked this likely wouldn't have happened. Probably trying to impress her.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QlDWsWXCen0
Related cringe.. years ago I had dated a bigger girl briefly (prob ~200lbs but she carried it well, T H I C C). One time I decided i'd try to pick her up like that, it went okay for about 10 seconds, then I leaned too far forward and we started falling. Landed on top of her on hard flooring and her elbow bruised my rib, she was ok though (more cushion?).
The Roadrunner strikes again
Far from cringe that's hilarious lmfao!!!
Lol
Not really cringe, somewhat amusing tho I suppose.
Cheerleading is the dumbest thing that happened to sports.
she died
i believe that is a portable padded seat cushion
You're not supposed to, you get them on a stretcher to be safe. Seems they jeopardized her health just to rush her off quicker so the game could resume. If she's hurt bad from that, lawsuit incoming.
I think they were just in a hurry to get the game started again. If you look at the scoreboard it's at 17:03 in the second half. Probably just a 60 second TV timeout.
In Great Britain they would become property of the Queen.
did you see her neck wrench on the first fall? eesh
he's not running
>[**Best Simpsons Moment [0:17]**](http://youtu.be/QlDWsWXCen0)>> > [*^muli456*](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCavIiOho7Xjbfx9AtFn3QdA) ^in ^Entertainment>*^65,820 ^views ^since ^Sep ^2011*[^bot ^info](/r/youtubefactsbot/wiki/index)
200lbs that is disgusting bro..
you can see the other paramedic brush his hand through his hair in a very cringing motion when the dude drops the girl. i got secondhand cringe for sure.
How so
Such is life.
As a Paramedic I can tell you the chances of her actually being made worse by picking her up alone are very small. In EMS right now spinal precautions are used far too frequently, it actually results in a more delayed hospitalization for most patients which is not beneficial. That second fall though.. Ouch. 
Oh, thats a reasonable justification for it then. Nothing stops for the game!
She was 5'9 and carried it well, big ass and hourglass figure, i'd do it again.
Paramedic?  you high or something? 
I think it takes away from the sport. What exactly are you doing there? Building the pyramids climbing on each other? Is that really necessary?
And death
Cheer leading is meant to add to the sport by pumping up the crowd. It takes a lot of hard work and team work to be able to do all the stunts that they do. There's also a risk of getting hurt as shown in the video. Cheer leading is a sport in itself as any other. 
>Cheer leading is a sport in itself as any otherWell, then get yourself your own court and have at it. Don't do your stuff someone else's court.
Thoughts...1. Is the reporter an intern? He looks like a nervous college kid who has no idea what he's doing.2. Are they seriously inviting BREITBART to the White House for interviews, meanwhile lambasting CNN and NYT for being fake news? This cabinet is unbelievable. 
I don't know what the best part of this is. The derpy reporter, the camera guy with parkisons, or the wall of televisions tuned to CNN (FAKE NEWS!). this seriously seems like something on Adult Swim
Really post-modern camera directing there. Those angles... Maybe post-post-modern. Wtf is Breitbart doing one on one with the press secretary anyway?!
This is far worse than every single garbage middle school movie project ever. Your government, people. Absolute morons. Gotta give them credit though -- they turned the lights on. Also, why does some nervous Breitbart dweeb get to have a chill sit-down with the Communications Director? Oh right, the whole fake news thing. Here's some REAL journalism from a known white supremacist propaganda rag. What a joke. Fuck this gum chewing spicy meatball.
/r/NotTimAndEric/
I love how spicer is talking about the merits and compliance of the ban while in the background at the end of the video the CNN headline says the ban has been suspended. You can't make this shit up lmao
Here's a great idea: make sure your competition, CNN, is the background. A+ PRODUCTION WORK.
This Breitbart reporter has the television presence of a Walmart stock boy.  I wouldn't be surprised if he *was* a Walmart stock boy before he got his big break with that crack team of journalists.
Eric Andre should interview Sean Spicer
This reporter is insanely nervous.  Look at his body language (hands fixed on knees). He's concentrating on getting through each sentence and so tripping over his words. Yikes.
Absolutely fucking embarrassing. 
>Breitbart Whitehouse CorrespondentJesus...it's like hearing 'Sears Fashion Consultant'.
*After the interview*Alright guys, a bit of a rocky one, but now thats rehearsal's out of the way, let's get the microphones in here.........................................................................................................^^shit 
Oh god. This can't be real can it? I mean I know it is, but come on? We're being played right?
Was this an after school project?
In what world do you watch this and think ya, they're clearly more credible than all of the other new organizations.????
Damn that sound is so low.EDIT: And the bloody camera and seating possitions/angles are terrible.
Such production value. 
Despite how fervently the extreme right extols the virtues of capitalism, most of its media industry is absolutely racked with incompetence and rampant nepotism due to over-reliance on free-flowing donor coffers. So much money comes from these donors that prop up what might otherwise be unsustainable businesses and ventures.  Ideological fervor often comes at the cost of talent and experience at these outfits, and for every wealthy supporter there is a wife, son, daughter, etc who they want to help get their foot in the door for their cause.  And when the money gets really bored they just start self-funding all sorts of stupid shit. That's why you end up with a lot of this.  And [Politichicks](https://youtu.be/nlJWr9B8c1o).  And the Palin family. 
is this a Check It Out!, with Dr. Steve Brule parody or is this real?
I love the long uninterrupted shots of the reporters face as he shits his pants. Also, great choice of shots: having only the reporter on camera for the majority of Spicer's answer. What a dumpster fire of a news organization.
Apparently being a part of the master race and combating the lgenpresse doesn't require knowing how to tie a fucking tie. #Breitfartthings 
It was really nice of Breitbart to let the local high school's TV production class conduct their  interview of a Trump administration official. 
I had to press stop about 20 seconds in, it was too bad.
That interviewer is like an alt-right Pete Holmes.
Why is there 3 TVs in the background? 
Well, this is certainly a weak look for the white supremacists and nationalists of the world... 
I had to isolate the clip of [Spicer's fake smile] (https://streamable.com/3dd2y) as he was told they were live. I've done nothing to the clip but zoom in on him.
Guys, as someone that works to setup interviews like this, this is grade A++ how to not to do things. Multiple AWKWARD camera angles, CAMERA MOVING DURING A SIT DOWN (NO!), and more time spent with a shitty close up of the reporter than of the person being interviewed. Not good. 
Aww, that white house correspondent is adorable.
So, I think the camera work is a little wonky because they are probably using a [Mevo](https://getmevo.com/) camera. Has Livestream abilities, and has the ability to make cuts like this so it looks like you've got a multi-cam setup going on when really you just have that little guy. If they had tested this even once, they'd know that it's super wide and the on-camera mic is awful. 
SNL is on their game right now. 
Reminds me of The Chris Farley Show:http://www.boreme.com/posting.php?id=15851#.WJ3QVbYrLXE
I like how he said 6 countries then after spicer says 7 countries, there was a quick pan zoom in on the reporter that made it feel like the camera man was like yeah u stupid fuck, it was 7! U had one job!
love it.
What the hell is that weird cut at 1:40-1:45?
Is this the Chris Farley Show?'Remember when you were with the Beatles?'
There's something so jarring about cutting away from a shot of Spicer to a shot of the reporter with Spicer's face STILL ON THE EDGE OF THE FRAME.Surely even somebody with no camera skills could work out how to keep both guys in two separate shots?
Posting Sean Spicer in Cringe seems like cheating.  My asshole puckers every time he opens his mouth.Also, awesome job forgetting to bring any kind of audio equipment.  That was hilarious when the camera had to move closer because you couldn't hear.
Guys, come on. Don't fall for this fake news. This is a Funny Or Die prank on Sean! 
How can you fit this much cringe into just over 2 minutes?!Aside from everything else pointed out already, the interviewer got the question wrong. I'm sitting here with Sean Spicer for breaking news-.. reaction to the breaking news about the court order on the president's executive order to restrict immigration and travel from **six** high risk countries in the middle eastThere are seven countries covered under the order.
That reporter is really awkward. 
Ok this reporter is like an intern or a new guy or just having a nervous breakdown or something, holy shit that was bad.Whether or not you like Breitbart, is entirely up to you but their interviews are never anything like this, this was a trainwreck on the reporters part. I think he's nervous and choked, he said 6 countries and it just went downhill from there
I love how no one bothered to give either of them microphones
[.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dU7OqGCIcak)
I'm pro-trump and I upvoted every comment here. They need to get their shit together here. Don't send an intern who can't count the restricted countries right (it's 7!) and you can tell he was about to say trumps...um.... Muslim ban.The White House needs to cut out Bannon and this Breitbart garbage. 
Awful, horrible propaganda filled shit. But where is the cringe? Or is cringe also just going full political?
STOP POSTING POLITICAL BS ON THIS SUBREDDIT
Bannon who is now one of the most powerful people in the country was a chairman for Breitbart... Really fucking fucked actually
Steve Bannon was a founding member of the board of Breitbart News, so it's not so surprising to see the White House welcome Breitbart. 
Is this real life? These parasites are a disgrace to our country. 
Pretty sure the reporter is a slightly grown up Daxflame.
I feel sorry for the interviewer. Just look at the way his fingers are splayed so naturally on his knee or how tries to keep his body perfectly still like a crack addict in a mannequin challenge, reminds me of every job interview I've ever had
> Is the reporter an intern? He looks like a nervous college kid who has no idea what he's doing.He is your average all talk pencil neck alpha male that posts on /r/the_d 
Reminds me of this: [Chris Farley interviews Paul McCartney](http://www.nbc.com/saturday-night-live/video/the-chris-farley-show-mccartney/2868143?snl=1)
Feels good man
Next Democratic president gets to have a live conversation with Noam Chomsky then.
Well CNN is fake news, so yeah I believe it
Remember, fake news is whatever you don't agree with
[deleted]
I have seen more than 10 fake news stories cnn has reported on or published this year. You can go ahead and hate breitbart but if you are going to criticize them while championing cnn you are delusional.
Yeah. You know... I would never drive a shitty Toyota or Honda...Kias are where it's at. Why go to Olive Garden or Red Lobster when you can go to Golden Corral? I'm just a kid from St. Louis who dreams of one day moving to Oklahoma City. I always thought Saved By The Bell was a pretty cheesy show. I watched California Dreams instead. 
Nervous news is better than fake news. It's goofy as hell and they need to take it up a few notches but at least it's real reporting and not just the typical polished turd that mainstream journalism has become.
And? CNN and NYT have been caught lying and colluding with the democrats many times, I'm tired of this notion that we have to respect them just because they've been around a while
[deleted]
Good to see Michael J. Fox is still able to find work.
My thoughts exactly. The next interview will be given to Jan and Wayne Skylar.
Only the best and brightest at Breitbart...lol
you left out the inexplicable zooms, decapitating framing and awkward cuts.
The background static hum is also a nice touch.
Why are they all 20 inch Samsungs sitting on a bookshelf? That's so WEIRD..
*camera slowly shakes toward interviewer*
Bannon is the president of the USA now. The whole government is a giant cringefest.
I think the zoom was to try and hide the CNN story in the background about Trump.
Briebart pretty much was Trump's personal fan-club during the election, and their old boss is one of the chief advisers, it wouldn't surprise me if letting a niche, ill equipped and unprepared group like that be the top interviewers to the pres was part of the deal.  Drump's followers already belive that all the media except Bribart is lying so why speak to anybody else? 
Somewhere in the background Steve Bannon is jerking off 
Who the *hell* decided on that frame of the two of them.. So much wasted space. They're almost not even the focus of the shot. There's literally an empty chair in shot. It's just so odd. Proper unintentional comedy, and that's before the random cuts to the reporter just staring. 
I think a more appropriate question is Why did Trevor Noah get a 1 on 1 with Barack Obama?
Seriously, you'd think the White House would have some HD cameras lying around.
Known white supremacist propaganda rag it's so easy to spot the brainwashed liberals these days
> white supremacist ragCan you support that claim?Just had a look at their site and they just seem like a right wing news source?Edit - To sum it up, no one can support the claim yet they are upset at having the question asked.
Fake news! Sad!
To be fair, most folks that are part of the Breitbart network probably got their big break while selling white hoods at walmart!
OK. I would pay good money to see that. 
One loud noise and that dude would've dove through the window lol
He probably goes on the internet and calls everyone cucks and betas that don't agree with him. Yet wishes he could be 1/4th the interviewer Anderson Cooper is
If only he knew the camera man had a close up of his face, even when he wasn't talking. hahaha
>Damn that sound is so low.Except for at 1:47 when it becomes extremely loud for some reason.
And why are there so many close ups of the reporter when spicer is talking? This whole thing is a fucking catastrophe.
Ouch.. that politichicks is it's own post. 
Because it's the white house press secretary's office.
>I'm pro-trump >The White House needs to cut out Bannon and this Breitbart garbage.  Choose one. 
Because it's shockingly *terrible* propaganda.
Id say it's because of the incredibly anxious reporter. The jumping leg, the moving of the fingers on his leg, the clear over abundance of saliva. If he wasn't working for Breitbart I'd feel more sorry for him.
IT'S CRINGE. POLITICAL OR NOT. THIS VIDEO IS GRADE A, TOP NOTCH CRINGE.
No. 
:( aww he ran a site you didn't like? 
Really putting the white back in white house. Except it's not even an attractive white, it's a pimply, obese, greasy haired white house
jesus what happened to him?i remember him having a bit part in 21 jumpstreet
It's basically a tabloid... but racist
Links?  Or are we to take you at your word?
He's championing CNN? Where? All he's saying is that they're pathetic for featuring Breitbart but blasting CNN as fake news or whatever.
You realise this is Breitbart? They are stupendously unreliabke
>  real reportingTHE REAL HIPHOP
Haha this is what the winners in America are now. That college kid is le telling it how it is. We are le grassroot movement. Fucking jokes.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Whataboutism
When have CNN and NYT been caught colluding with the Democrats? The most famous example of NYT getting close to colluding with any administration is Judith Miller with the Bush administration. (Even then, it wasn't colluding.)
*Everyone who disagrees with me is paid to do so REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE*
Shill? Are they paying people to be able to distinguish actual (if flawed) journalism from racist, afactual fear-mongering now? If so, please sign me up.
When am I gonna get my Soros bucks for all the shilling I do???
I didn't realize Spin City was still on.
http://i.imgur.com/XFarAqk.jpg
for your health
OK Charlie, we're about to be live... [Where do I put my hands?](https://youtu.be/5iNLeWnkW4s?t=7s)It doesn't matter Charlie.Ok, I'm going to put them on my legs, with my fingers spread wide.
Nice platitude.
Did you click on the video? It's not their channel. It was edited like a Vic Burger video only not as well done. It's pretty obvious that wasn't shot like that. 
Sad!
I think I see his face in the window, drooling. Menacing. Cunning-ing. 
I completely and totally disagree with that being a more appropriate question. 
You aren't making it tough to guess either.
Dude Breitbart doesnt even hide the fact that its alt right/white nationalist/supremacist/however you want to spice it up. How can you deny that?
Is here where we realise that human garbage can be defined by the racist rag they strive to defend?
I feel like this passage should be more than enough proof that it's far beyond right wing, but if you're still not convinced, let me know and I'll be happy to provide more examples.http://www.breitbart.com/tech/2016/03/29/an-establishment-conservatives-guide-to-the-alt-right/The alt-right do not hold a utopian view of the human condition: just as they are inclined to prioritise the interests of their tribe, they recognise that other groups  Mexicans, African-Americans or Muslims  are likely to do the same. As communities become comprised of different peoples, the culture and politics of those communities become an expression of their constituent peoples.Youll often encounter doomsday rhetoric in alt-right online communities: thats because many of them instinctively feel that once large enough and ethnically distinct enough groups are brought together, they will inevitably come to blows. In short, they doubt that full integration is ever possible. If it is, it wont be successful in the kumbaya sense. Border walls are a much safer option.
And just to tie it all together, look into Steve Bannon, who currently sits on the National Security Council:https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Steve_BannonBefore his political career, Bannon served as executive chair of Breitbart News, a far-right news, opinion, and commentary website, which Bannon described in 2016 as the platform for the alt-right.The alt-right is a white supremacist organization*. Breitbart is the platform for the alt-right.*I use the term organization very lightly, because really they're just a bunch of misled, hateful dorks with no empathy and too much time to spend on the internet. The alt-right is just fungal growth in the armpit of the gaming community. Youtube comments come to life.
They have a tag on their site called black crime
Also, if you're not familiar with the alt-right, this is the creator of the term/movement: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Richard_B._SpencerCheck out his Super Bowl tweets (just for a quick example if you don't feel like sifting through the endless blatant racism), and tell me he/the alt-right is just a right wing news source.
> Can you support that claim?yup
Wow...willful ignorance. It is quite well known and understood that breitbart is altright white supremacy trash. Only those enjoying blatant or willful ignorance have missed it. Its the outrage over Bannon, the leader of these fools, being the president.
> To sum it up, no one can support the claim yet they are upset at having the question asked.Nowadays you don't even have to shut your eyes and go LALALAL, you can just call it fake news and save some time denying reality.
> Edit - To sum it up, no one can support the claim yet they are upset at having the question asked.You got several solid answers. Your unwillingness to accept them does not invalidate them, it just makes you look ignorant.
Right wing is a synonym for white supremacist.
they support israel, that makes them white supremacists! /s
I think he'd roll up into a ball and piss himself.
So, me?
I did: Trump. I didn't choose Bannon to be any sort of advisor.
BURN I T ALl DOWN
So that's a yes. God reddit is awful now
He looks and behaves almost exactly like a high school freshman that borrowed his dad's suit and is performing his first public speaking gig.
Ehhhh wrong
No. A site that repeatedly presented misinformation as fact. 
You know damn well Obama had replaced the Joint Chiefs with some asshat from Buzzfeed, there'd be hell to pay. Don't fucking act like Bannon is any better.
Shit if any democrat had a former far left wing news site chairman running the show behind the scenes all the rightists would be going off, but because you like the site it's all good
Agree or not it is 100% a radical site, would you have liked it if Obama had hired and given huge responsibilities to a former head of CNN?
> :( aww he ran a site you didn't like? I'm just a little upset that they never got to the bottom of that whole birth certificate thing. It was really the mark of true journalism when they were leading the charge on that issue.
*He ran a fake news site whilst calling others out for fake news.
Fake news dipshit.
Running a website or a newspaper doesn't qualify you to run the white house and advise national security in my book. It has awesomely nothing to do with my perception of Breitbart's reporting.
How gullible and close-minded does someone need to be to believe the trash that gets published on that website?
Do YOU like Breitbart?
He didn't report real news, like Trump likes pee pee shows, he's a Russian spy, and his real name is Drumpf!
[removed]
He really just looks like he's rotting from the inside out.
He looks like a villain from a bad movie, I don't know how people in the White House aren't [asking themselves this](http://i.makeagif.com/media/3-12-2016/A1ZueF.mp4) at all times
http://imgur.com/pEFTdS0
He was targeted as a result of his groundbreaking documentary The Convinent Truth in which he introduced a plan for saving America from global warming by pushing the entire continental US underwater.
Has had some hollywood success. That's about it.Good memories of the DaxFlame YT days, though. The whole mystery about his real identity was very fun.
http://thefederalist.com/2017/02/06/16-fake-news-stories-reporters-have-run-since-trump-won/Ctrl+f CNNThere's some. Haven't really read up on how reliable this list is, just saw it shared by Trump and remembered CNN was mentioned there. 
I dont see a link to apparently fake breitbart articles here anywhere. I dont save all the shit I have to link to validate myself and I have wasted more than enough time finding things to send to people. you are a capable adult who can do your own research.  The problem is that it goes against your inherent biases so you dont bother looking at anything that isnt on the first page of google. Anyone who does not find some value or fault in anything in this world is ignorant. 
Yes which is saying that CNN is somehow more legitimate than Breitbart. Its not more legitimate, its just more left wing. Spicer and the trump admin have been extremely transparent, they do so many press releases now and even take satellite calls from local news networks. They probably dont appreciate the blatant lies and speculation that certain news networks printed about them like melania being an illegal prostitute or trump getting peed on by hookers or him being a rapist despite any factual evidence. Is that what you would consider real news? 
Interesting read, cheers
I'm pretty neutral in this argument but didn't Donna Brazile who was  a contributor for CNN leak questions to Clinton for a debate that took place on CNN?
*Family Ties
The only married news team in the tri-county area mind you!
Nice dick....NOT 
You created an alternate account to say that?People have been talking about Reddit's decline for over a decade.
Found the brietbart shill! Sad!
The moving of the camera closer to them is then though. About halfway through the camera man moves the camera. 
It was live. As in not edited. As in seeing it as it happens. What we watched was the recording of a live stream. This is on a lot of YouTube channels right now because it's hilariously bad. 
Okay, well Trevor Noah is a foreigner, he isn't a journalist, he isn't funny, etc... He's a Leftist agenda comedian.
Dude was putting out some grade A projection
You seem to think these people need a reason to deny anything they don't like.
That quote has nothing to do with white supremacy though.And the opinion that cultures don't mix well doesn't indicate white supremacy either.
How do you explain the Tanzanian-descended Shia Muslim editor for Breitbart London?  Or the gay, Jewish Milo Yiannopoulis?  Can you point to similar diversity within the leadership ranks of BLM? 
From Googling around a bit I came across [this](https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/the-fix/wp/2016/11/15/can-you-name-one-white-nationalist-article-at-breitbart-challenge-accepted) article, which seems to be where people are getting their information from.It seems as though Bannon identifies Breitbart as alt-right but also draws a distinction between that and the old school alt-right:>there are many things that separate the alternative right from old-school racist skinheads (to whom they are often idiotically compared).So I'm still looking for the evidence of white supremacy which would invalidate that distinction.
What is his connection to Breitbart, though? edit: breitbart is race-baiting garbage at best and a white supremacist platform and propagands outlet at worst, but conflating all the baddies into one isn't helpful to anyone.  unless spencer does have some direct connection to breitbart that i don't know about and don't immediately see in that link, linking to him does nothing to say what is racist about breitbart  edit2: it looks like your replies are just ordered weirdly/not all in a thread--jumping around i see your other replies and the dots of spencer coined the term alt-right>>spencer is a self-described white nationalist>>bannon described his own site, breitbart, as a platform for the alt-right which makes sense
Well it seems not. No one has offered anything that remotely upholds the claim.
Thank you for contributing your logical fallacies to the discussion.
No.Let's sum up the responses...Breitbart are white supremacists because:*  They published an article once about the confederate flag *  They once said that vastly different cultures don't mix well*  The editor (I assume editor?) once said that Breitbart is a platform for the alt-right, or something along these lines. But he also drew a distinction between their flavor of 'alt-right' and past racist ideologies. Perhaps that is a load of rubbish and they still share the same racist ideologies, but either way we're back to square one looking for evidence of white supremacy. Something that hasn't been given yet.What I have seen in the comments in liberal hysteria, fake outrage and intellectual dishonesty. I'm actually someone who leans left on many issues but I am increasingly distancing myself from the identity politics of the regressive left.I've also seen a few comments from people like yourself who have failed to look at the evidence critically and just accepted whatever evidence had been given because it happens to support your pre-existing belief.I've also been unable to reply to everyone because of the circlejerkers downvoting and giving me a 15 minute wait time between responses.
I don't know if they do though. Because most of the alt right actually despises the Neocons that bend over backwards for Israel. Cuz they're jews and what not 
Trump made it real clear Bannon would he involved. Perhaps like so many other Trump supporters, you don't have very good critical thinking skills.
Trump chose Bannon. Do you consider that a terrible decision on his part?
But you did. 
* The report internet has no clue how to do an interview and is super anxious* The setup is completely amateur with weird camera angels and no microphone* Talking about the merits and compliance of the ban while in the background at the end of the video the CNN headline says the ban has been suspended
He said on reddit. 
Because this is actually pretty fucking important.
[removed]
[deleted]
[deleted]
Like how Wasserman Schultz resigned because she was colluding with more reputable sources like CNN, the same network that her replacement of leading the DNC Donna Brazile was fired from for the same thing. Chelsea Clinton is also on the board of a media conglomerate IAC which owns outlets like The Daily Beast. Or Clinton supporter / donor Bezos who owns the WaPo who put a team of over a dozen people to dig up dirt on trump and whose publication put out more than 10 hit pieces on Bernie in one day. Who claimed the secret meeting between Bill and Lynch on their private planes was merely about golf and children while Hillary was being investigated by the FBI.Give me a break. The entire media besides NewCorp (who initially tried backing Jeb and Rubio) and minor players (compared to the likes of NBC, NYT, etc.) Breitbart are the only allies on mainstream media. And as for conflicts, Chris Matthews and Stephanopolous both donated to and were involved with the Clinton Foundation. 
How about the left running the MSM, period? Are you kidding me right now? You act like it's a fucking hypothetical or something.
Yeah, imagine if Obama has Ariana Huffington as a chief advisor. He'd have had NO credibility
CNN is a bad example. Only since trump started attacking them did they have any balls and start fact checking. They were mainly just a mouthpiece for both sides to spout their talking points. Even MSNBC has fired most of their liberal people now to appeal to a wider audience. But your point still remains
Don't worry, the investigation into the very real news story about trump pissing on hookers or whatever should fill that void in your life. 
idk /r/AskTrumpSupporters/
Someone who is suffering and needs answers, even if those answers are wrong. Populism at its best.
http://i.imgur.com/Iau9Fgj.jpg
Being a superior race ain't easy.
We can only hope.
yes, yes it was.There was a huge debate about that before he moved into actual hollywood acting so that the debate could be put to rest.In hindsight, it was somewhat obvious.However, up until that point, he was pretty convincing.
> Haven't really read up on how reliable this list is, just saw it shared by TrumpI actually sighed when I read this.  Come on, man.
http://www.breitbart.com/big-government/2016/11/15/donald-trump-won-7-5-million-popular-vote-landslide-mainstream-america/http://archive.is/pA225There's plenty more at http://www.snopes.com/?s=breitbart if you'd bother looking
You're the one claiming that you've seen over 10 fake stories on CNN, the burden of proof lies with you.
Triggered much you special little snowflake?  I'm pretty sure Obama didn't appreciate the blatant lies and speculation the altright has spread of him.  Like that hes a gay muslim. And that he was born in Kenya, even trump spread that lie, for years! Or that his wife michelle is a guy named Michael.
Being terrible at lying doesn't make them transparent
Hm, that's a pretty big stretch. It wasn't CNN itself doing the colluding, and Brazile was fired from CNN when they found out, so it was clearly against their policies. And she was never actually primarily employed at CNN, her main role was head of the DNC.And of course, as this was going on, Lewandowski, a CNN contributor, was still getting paid by the Trump campaign and never got fired for any of it.
GOTEEM
But now people dont agree with him so reddit sucks!
It was an outgoing leftist president throwing a bone to a leftist political comedy show on his way out of office.
ok richard spencer
Holy shit dude, that argument is straight out of the mouth of the KKK you know that right? We're not racist anymore! We just don't like race mixing!This is why no one is taking you seriously.
I can't help but feel like I only see white dudes say this. I'm also a white dude. 
They're token members of their staff for people like you to parade around as see look at these examples, they can't be bad if they hire a muslim or a gay jew!.Also, you're expecting diversity amongst the ranks of *Black* Lives Matter. It's not a movement about diversity, it's about protecting black lives. I bet you go to Chinatown and wonder where all the hispancs are at.
I think the confusion here is based on the difference between white supremacy and white nationalism... There are even some parts of the KKK that claim to not be white supremacist, and instead claim that they are separatists (or nationalists, it's sort of the same thing). I think most people here are trying to convey the idea that you can call this shit whatever you want, but they've just changed labels, not ideology... It's a bullshit backwards ideology that is finding a way to play with words to survive in the world as it exists today... In that way it's no different from fundamentalism rebranding as christian science and intelligent design to be taught in science classrooms.Make no mistake, these people are straight up racist... They just learned how to talk about it so people like you would be like, oh shit, I guess they aren't 'technically' white supremacists anymore. To which I reply, who the fuck cares?
Not sure why you're getting downvoted. I'm fairly left-wing myself, but people keep throwing around terms like nazi and white supremacist like they're nothing. Asking for actual evidence of these claims is pretty reasonable.
Actually they have, but you've just decided it's fake and ignore it.  Which is very convenient, I must admit.Go fishing somewhere else.
I dont think you know what a logical fallacy is. But it may be considered an ad hominem attack since i am attacking your blatant ignorance and not stating, which you can find on google, how everyone but you and a few others know beitbart is a white supremacy tool. But logical fallacy? Not even close. Dont just grab phrases youve heard from grown ups on reddit and use em without understanding what they mean. The irony is that your comment has solidified my case much better than i could have. Hold onto that ignorance and racism, buddy. 
Stating logical fallacies is the go-to come back when you literally have nothing left to back up your point of view lol
That cognitive dissonance though.
It's wierd to have this argument. You're correct. You can literally find direct sources. They use the ((())) and everything is a Jewish conspiracy. It's a racist movement by their own description. 
I thought they hated Muslims? Y'all need to make up your minds about this meaningless buzzword.
Most people thought trump wouldn't do what he promised 
In Trump's defense, he didn't know he was signing an executive order giving Bannon as much power as he was given....wait a minute.
Bannon was a strategist for a presidential campaign and it worked. Hillary lost in a landslide because she was exposed. Campaign advisors don't make good White House advisors. I know this because I have great critical thinking skills. Bannon is a mistake post-election. I voted for him but who knows what Trump'll do. I'm a libertarian who took a chance. So far the good outweigh the bad and he's done more in three weeks than Obama did in 8 years. So, STILL winning, even though this amateur intern can't interview a powerful White House aide worth shit. 
Yep. Honestly from day one. Don't like Kellyanne either. 
Wrong
Still missing the point as always. Im giving up reddit. You are too stupid for me to handle
Wrong
Wrong
Why do you guys never address the argument presented, and instead divert to a new, barely tangentilly related argument.Brietbart is terrible journalismOh yeah, what about CNN?!Nothing about CNN changes that Brietbart is terrible journalism and an abysmal place to get news information.
CNN has flaws but is a bastion of journalistic integrity and truth compared to Breitbart.
>But in the same breath you defend CNN.What 
No he didn't, nice blinders 
don't you mean an hero? if only we could be so lucky.
Oh, please. The Onion is practically closer to real news than Breitbart. If an article is desperately trying to tell you how to feel, it's not a credible news source. It's propaganda.
The others aren't being closely employed by the Trump administration?
Dude, just stop. You're trying to compare the Yankees to a junior college baseball team. 
> They're a bit biasedlol, a bit biased
Breitbart has milo and black crime articles  what a shit pile of a website. 
This account is so obviously a Russian troll or someone stupid enough to willingly become one for free.
Breitbart uses sources like the Daily Mail (Wikipedia doesn't even allow them as a source anymore) and Bild (Pretty much a German version of the Daily Mail). They are far from credible.
Are you kidding? I've never seen anything in CNN or the other news sites that literally said something like birth control makes women crazy and unattractive, or any other number of insane things Breitbart has stated on their site. The use racial, gendered, and homophobic slurs in their writing and headlines, and you don't think that's more biased than CNN? What world are you living in?
No, they're much, much worse. Breitbart has history of hateful, misogynistic writing.
Lol they are much worse than the NYT
Okay, no.  That's a load of bullshit and no sane or rational person should believe that to be true.
Oh you mean the one who *got fired* for that? 
I think you're getting downvoted for deflecting and what about-ism. Most decent people didn't like Brazile doing that either. Trust me, if HRC did the same thing w/Brazile, people would also be angry.
Pretty weird to present her as an example of when rightists didn't go off. 
Nah that was fake news
She confirmed that the Michigan debate was going to have a question on water quality.
more 'what about' bullshit. 
Yep. She literally took over the DNC mid election cycle. And she ran the DNC before being employed by CNN
CNN, MSNBC and the like are definitely terrible. It's when people try to call them liberal that I can't stand. What they have is an establishment bias, sometimes a Democratic Party bias depending on which one we're talking about. They have nothing close to a liberal bias. Sure plenty of online news sites are liberal but none of the major cable outlets are. 
Breitbart isn't even mainstream media m8. It is niche media.
Shills as far as the eye can see! sorry friend but this is lib land don't expect these mentally ill people to agree with you 
Preach brother!
> Like how Wasserman Schultz resignedto appease butthurt Sanders supporters,
You're delusional. No big surprise from a t_d regular. 
If this is what the right tries to pass off as an informative news interview, I'd rather just leave it up to those leftists at Fox News. You are embarrassing yourself and the country. 
There is no MSM cable network that is liberal. Not a single one. Being biased for Clinton does not make you anything close to liberal 
[deleted]
The real cringe, as always, is in the comments. Thank you.
Yes, calling CNN/MSNBC liberal is absurd. They have an establishment, Democratic Party bias. 
That's always been the purpose of msm in presidential races.
Are people calling for an investigation into that? I briefly heard about it, then snl did a joke about it. What I do hear about is the very real issue of Trump's possible financial conflicts of interest with Russia. 
Hindsight is 20/20. I was surprised how little proof of his identity there was for so long.  Honestly, it was a pretty good ruse.BTW, his first video was January 2007. It's been 10 years. I almost can't believe that, but then again, the internet and YT has changed a lot since then. 
Yeah I'm not really arguing if CNN is fake news or not, just wanted to share. But did you even read it? The tweet about that one artist not wanting her song used is real at least though, and CNN definitely made a false news article about it. Ironically enough this site used Breitbart as a source. But the tweet is real.
I don't want to click the link to give them views, but their politics section is named Big Government? Jesus.
 I don't know what that second news story is about so I can't really comment on it but the first one is claiming that Donald Trump won the popular vote if you exclude certain states with high liberal populations. It is meant to portray the way that the electoral college allows truly represents most Americans. I don't see anything in there that is a lie unless you misread what they said. Snopes itself is very biased and the best way to get to the 'truth' is to listen to everyone so you can see who has advanced the argument the farthest. I Read/watch Alex Jones, Cnn, Fox, HuffPo, Stefan Molyneux, Gavin Mcinnes, Washington Post,  Breitbart and many more. I don't think you can expect to get a full picture any other way.
Yeah I cant believe he spread that totally false lie that obamas birth certificate was a forgery. https://www.youtube.com/shared?ci=lW72jL-SVzoIm so fucking triggered that people like you can reproduce i might kill myself.
Well good on you for using the term leftist and not liberal, that's definitely true. So kind of like a conservative press secretary throwing a bone to a conservative news organization? But according to your logic, it's completely inappropriate.
Out of curiosity, how different is that to all the coverage and laud CNN, MSNBC et al have given to Black Lives Matter?  BLM is not exactly the picture of inclusion.  
Your comment isn't logical.The comment I was referring to earlier implied that vastly different cultures don't integrate and mix well. You are being dishonest by rephrasing that We just don't like race mixing. Come back when you have found some kind of intellectual honesty.It's very possible that you are all completely right, but the arguments you are using are just so terrible that no one would even know if you were.
It really doesn't matter who you hear saying it. Race/culture has nothing to do with the validity of ideas.
https://youtu.be/KP2sszhhPKQ
I lean slightly left on some issues and slightly right on others. One thing that I've noticed recently is that the left is becoming increasingly dishonest and anti-intellectual, stifling free speech and throwing insults at anyone who dares question their belief system.To them, anyone who doesn't agree fully with their opinions is clearly a nazi. It's a handy tactic to avoid actually dealing with the issues.Look at this comment chain. I asked a simple question, the only attempts at a response are pretty illogical and dishonest. Most have just downvoted because they don't want to agree with the point I'm making yet they can't argue against it.Liberals should be actively disowning this increasingly 'regressive left' mentality.
If my question has triggered you, you can take your delicate feelings elsewhere.Otherwise, can you support the claim that Breitbart is a white supremicist publication? It doesn't particularly bother me if it is or isn't, I'm just curious what evidence there is to support the claim. So far nothing has been offered.
I wasn't referring to ad hominem, go back to google and find the names of some more fallacies kiddo* ;-) (* See I can use dumb generic insults too, it's easy).>Hold onto that ignorance and racism, buddy.I'm sorry for triggering you by asking a question and I'm sorry for you that your only recourse is name calling.
It's also something that someone might say to a person who is committing logical fallacies.
They can do both, just sayin...
And he hasn't. He promised to drain the swamp, and instead, he's stocking it with sharks.
You're a libertarian who voted for a candidate who was advocating a protectionist agenda with tariffs being placed on imported goods? What kind of libertarian are you?
> Hillary lost in a landslide because she was exposed.Win the popular vote by 3 million, lose due to 80,000 votes spread over 3 states. What a landslide!
> I have great critical thinking skills. > I'm a libertarianAgain, choose *one.* Someone with great critical thinking skills would not subscribe to politics that a toddler can see the holes in.
You can't be a libertarian and support a mercantilist statist like Trump.
Landslide? Lol it's funny how you can just say words & suddenly facts just mean nothing. 
Thanks for your honesty.
Awesome that you acknowledge it, I hope you have some insight into why people really don't trust Trump's decision making skills or ability to be manipulated.
cool of you to acknowledge it. giving the rest of us hope. thnx man
Right
What point
Are you lost, grandpa? 
No, it really is.  Maybe not to you lily white shitfucks, but it is to everyone else.
it's always what about with the trump supporters. they never support their shitty arguments. they just say, 'yeh, but what about...
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Whataboutism
[removed]
Nah man. CNN is complete trash. 
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
[removed]
[deleted]
[deleted]
She got fired for that. But she ran the DNC before she was a reporter and took it over halfway into the election cycle when it was reviewed the Clinton campaign cheated out Sanders and had the media in their back pocket.
[deleted]
In that example, Democrats also went off.
[deleted]
Nah they're definitely liberal. Establishment center left liberal, but liberal. 
>people who disagree with me are being paid to do itlol
These guys will never travel outside the country anyways. So they'll never know how stupid they make other Americans look to the international community.
Sure dude. Hey, you and everyone else in this fucking echo chamber of reddit can believe whatever you want, like that Clinton has a 98% chance, lol.
Huh? Obama didn't do this. That guy said 'imagine if'. I think he gave that example because CNN's bias isn't as extreme as Breitbart's so HuffPost is a better comparison.
Everything they said is completely true. 
If republicans weren't so batshit crazy, the mainstream media wouldn't be completely pro-democrat.
Oh there is an investigation into that, and some spies in Russia have been compromised. They're trying to close their loose ends.
>  I'm not really arguing if CNN is fake news or notBut isn't that what we're talking about?  Is a 24 hour news channel going to occasionally fuck up a story?  Absolutely.  It's our responsibility to seek out the truth and not take one news source as absolute fact.  FOX News, CNN and MSNBC are all going to make some mistakes, but to put them on the same level as Breitbart is ridiculous.  Do a quick search and look at how many of their stories are slanted bologna.  And I'm not trying to be a dick here, but you said that recently you've heard at least 10 stories from CNN that were fake.  I just want to know what those 10 stories are.  And please don't reply with a tweet from Trump.
There's a difference between subjectivity and an outright false statement, where the first article is **objectively and verifiably** false.The second article refers to a story that was published in 2016, which events take place in 2013. The story would lead the reader to believe the events had happened recently 
oh my god the irony.
I just don't equate a new administration with an outgoing one, or breitbart with the daily show.
BLM is a sporadic movement. There's no one leader or group directing or controlling to movement. Therefore BLM protests in Kansas City, where they sat down with police at a BBQ while discussing tensions between minorities and police, might be completely different than say rioting and destruction in Baltimore. I would say the problem isn't the movement's philosophy, but it's lack of a leader and widely varying opinions. Alt-right has a leader for the most part, Richard Spencer, who essentially directs followers to protest and do other actions. 
Richard spencer advocates for a white ethno state obtained through peaceful ethnic cleansing. I dont really understand the parallel you're trying to draw with BLM, or why it's relevant to me disliking this guy; please clarify.
My comment is logical. You're welcome to disagree with it though. Attacking me isn't going to change the fact that you're trying to use technicalities to defend an obviously racist publication. You think I'm illogical because I deviate from your technicalities... I think you're misguided because you're unable to read between the lines... Someone who just doesn't like race mixing is going to sugarcoat their public statements to say something more like different cultures don't integrate and mix well, in today's world because public opinion doesn't respond well to the former. They're not trying to have an intellectual conversation with you, they're trying to convince you that cultures don't mix well. THINK! What could be their agenda in convincing someone of this?It's obvious here that I'm not being illogical, we're just starting from difference premises. You want to take Breitbart at face value... I think Breitbart is racist in context... seeing as how many of their affiliates hold views that, even when sugarcoated, sound exactly like the new views of the KKK... and it's obvious they are using the same tactics that many other movements have to obfuscate their actual beliefs/goals. If you're having to use subtlety to differentiate yourself from white nationalists, there's something wrong imo.If you don't like my arguments, that's fine... Disengage with me and start thinking a little deeper for yourself instead of taking Breitbart at their word. 
It does in this case. If only one demographic says races don't mix, you can be pretty certain there's some elitism involved. Or, you know, supremacy. 
>[**Hail Trump! Richard B. Spencer speech [0:47]**](http://youtu.be/KP2sszhhPKQ)>>Hail Trump, hail our people, hail victory!> [*^Viral ^Videos*](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCYBGovAwJ9gIyJFXnGTBNHQ) ^in ^People ^& ^Blogs>*^19,975 ^views ^since ^Nov ^2016*[^bot ^info](/r/youtubefactsbot/wiki/index)
Are you sure you aren't confusing the right and the left here? Because I've been called a multitude of names and been totally shut down with meaningless cliches more times than I can count by Trump supporters. As for stifling free speech, that's pretty much Trump's goal, make sure nobody believes anything the media says unless he approves it. That's what this whole fake news thing is about, instilling distrust in to the minds of people, making them believe that the media outlets Trump doesn't like are seen as untrustworthy, while everything he says is the truth. If that's free speech, I'm worried for America
I'll bite. Breitbart ran this after the SC church shooting. The headline says it all, http://www.breitbart.com/big-government/2015/07/01/hoist-it-high-and-proud-the-confederate-flag-proclaims-a-glorious-heritage/
> Otherwise, can you support the claim that Breitbart is a white supremicist publication?Yes, I can.> So far nothing has been offered.You didn't ask for any evidence or links, You asked if we *could* support it.  Yes, we can.
> If my question has triggered you, you can take your delicate feelings elsewhere.I see only one guy triggered here, one that is shaking so hard he's incapable of seeing anything contrary to his worldview.
Here you go.http://www.breitbart.com/big-government/2015/07/01/hoist-it-high-and-proud-the-confederate-flag-proclaims-a-glorious-heritage/
Man, Google is a wonderful thing. Why do you insist on having someone spoon feed you information when it's readily available? It's not surprising Breitbart is in the White House with this kind of attitude. 
Hahaha...not everything is triggering and angering, sweetie. Sometimes you kids are just assholes. Its funny how you say we are all triggered, but calling breitbart exactly what it is has you crying to everyone. Hahaha. And no shit you werent referring to ad hominem. But i made no logical fallacies so i ws trying to help the kid out that is using phrases they dont understand. But if you want to double down on the stupidity, be my guest. We will all just keep laughing at the immature and ignorant child. And calling someone ignorant isnt name calling. Me calling you an asshole is. Me calling you ignorant is simply stating the obvious facts you seem to be missing. If someone acts like  child, i can call them childish. If someone is ignorant and displays that, i can call them ignorant. Its not name calling. Its facts. Taught you something else. Look at you multiplying your knowledge and understanding of words and phrases, 10 fold, in minutes!! And for the record, you are talking to a formerly ignorant racist white supremacist. I understand an ignorant and racist ideology when i see one. And many of my friends are still in that mindset and quote Bannon, Milo, and Breitbart regularly. And lets see how ignorant you are and how little you can judge folks. Whod i vote for? Your ignorance gives your choice away.
No shit but when you have nothing left to say, why even say it? We all took psych 101 in school lol
Also pro-life and closed borders. Nothing more un-Libertarian than government telling you what you can and can't do with your body, and restricting free travel.
[deleted]
whataboutism -- classical discussion derailing technique.
There is a word for everything.
I think you might be the one with a mental disorder.
[deleted]
I won't pretend they don't have a discernable slant, but we're talking apples and oranges here. Those publications still deliver actual news in an informative light. Breitbart is such blatant, fear mongering nonsense that I have to question the critical thinking of anyone who can read a single article of theirs and not have their bullshit meter fly off the charts.
I don't think you understand what an Op-ed story is. Frankly I don't think you've ever read a newspaper
Are you confusing news articles with editorial? Is okay, a lot of people on both sides make that mistake.
Did you just try to call the FUCKING NYT propaganda? SERIOUSLY? 
Were they? Not being snarky, genuinely curious.
Which former New York Times editor-in-chief was Obama's chief advisor, again? I forget.
you seriously think that people working at some of the most widely-read news outlets in the entire country don't have credible sources? 
Show me those emails please.
What about the actual words that came out of Trumps mouth about how he gropes women? 
You said you want to round up and execute all journalists so I stand by my statement. You are a stooge.
[removed]
[removed]
>I've never seen racial slurs on Breitbart. You're making shit up.http://www.breitbart.com/tech/2015/11/02/gps-and-the-turn-by-turn-war-on-men/>To the husband, this wife code is almost on a par with being cuckolded. Indeed, some men would rather watch their wives get banged by **Mandingo** than be reduced to asking a TomTom for help.Emphasis added.The entire column is also blatantly misogynist.
If you think these headlines are legit journalism, then you have problems far beyond the help of even the most accomplished professional.http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/breitbart-headlines_us_5829ba13e4b060adb56f1bdb
Yeah, just like the Nazis are worse because they don't share my opinion. Hate is hate.
They are worse because they don't share facts. That is your fucking problem. If it doesn't fit your opinion it must not be a fact. What the fuck kind of logic is that?
Yep and look how well that worked out for them. Will they learn their lesson or just cover it up better next time? 
Being fired for having close ties is slightly different to being employed to high office for it.
That was fake news too.
Clearly you haven't heard of CTR... it's in the email/s
[removed]
I predicted trump would win months before the election. 
[deleted]
That's debatable. 
Yeah expect it wasn't me who said that..
What part of it is false? They are saying he would win the popular vote if you excuded certain states. That is verifiably true. Can you even read?
Because now leftists are toxic and try to silence opinions that don't agree with their own.
You don't think Deray McKesson or Shaun King are viewed as leaders/organizers?   You don't think that CNN shoved BLM down our throats whether we agreed with their approach or not?  Be fair.
I think the parallel is as follows:- two groups that promote exclusion- news outlets/forums that give the a platform to spread the messageHere's where it begins to differ: the majority of liberals normalize BLM, while the majority of conservatives don't know about or don't care about the alt-right.
I'm just kind of watching this in the background but your comment made me lol. I mean c'mon.
Thanks for the enlightening comments.
Lol you are so upset.Go away and cry about how you got triggered on the internet, sweet naive kid (see, I can use your generic and meaningless insults too).Please respond, I just want to see more tears.>Your ignorance gives your choice away.You dodged my earlier question it seems. Because you're too scared to assert your beliefs about my worldview, I'll help you out a bit...I actually lean slightly left on some issues and slightly right on others. Don't have any particulary extreme beliefs by anyone's standard and I didn't vote Republican. I actually just asked a question about Breitbart because I've never read it before. After scanning a load of articles I can see that it is a right wing publication, but nothing that supports the white supremacist claim.Since then I have been responding to idiots spewing their lefty, irrational identity politics.Reflect on that - you are clearly upset over someone asking a question. What does that say about you?
also pro-war and anti marijuana legalisation,
Because I'm critical of libertarianism, that automatically means I support socialism? You're dumb as shit.
Pre-conception for sure
Judging by his handle... No.
[deleted]
[deleted]
No.
No, it isn't true, but that was a fucking cool answer though, right? Imagine if it WAS true. Man that would have been a fucking *sweet* come-back, if only it had been true, instead of completely made-up. 
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
Obviously reality and access Hollywood are colluding with illuminati to pizzagate the emails.
[removed]
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
Cover what up? That they ran the DNC and get paid by CNN? This was known fact.
[deleted]
[deleted]
wow dude you sound triggered
Look at Mr. Alpha male over here getting so triggered about an internet comment. 
The way you're overreacting and getting angry seems to indicate you care just a wee smidgen what people think of you. 
LOL. Is this from a script?
u seem perturbed guy
Ok just because I'm curious what excuse you're going to use to shout FAKE NEWS XD I'll use the first article I see on their site:http://edition.cnn.com/2017/02/09/politics/travel-ban-9th-circuit-ruling-immigration/index.html
MSNBC has been a democratic establishment mouthpiece for a while. Much akin to Fox News. But their recent repositioning is [well](http://www.politicususa.com/2015/02/20/report-msnbc-ditch-liberal-hosts-move-left-wing-tv.html) [documented](http://www.salon.com/2016/03/01/requiem_for_a_liberal_news_network_how_msnbc_abandoned_the_left_precisely_when_the_left_is_on_the_rise/)I don't even know how you can argue about CNN. They've became such a joke in the past years. They're well known for having both democratic and conservative reps on, let them spout their talking point bullshit, then Back to you, Anderson! because they're so afraid of being called biased if they correct anyone. Of course they have an establishment bias, they're main stream media and a huge news corporation. Some of Bernie's speeches were sidelined on CNN to show an empty trump podium.Now that Trump has been on the personal attack with them calling them fake news have they really been after him. The site is now flooded with stories calling out the GOP and trump's cabinet, but are they wrong? Are they false? Or do you just not like what they report?
My bad.  I didn't look at names and just responded to messages assuming it was the same person.  Whoopsie.
lol you could work for trump
Well, I just find so much more dishonesty and hypocrisy on the right, as well as a seemingly endless effort to screw over the little guy. 
Reporting on = shoving down throats? No try again.
I don't understand what this has to do with my distaste for Richard spencer. I will engage you in a debate about BLM once you clarify that for me.Edit: Basically, what I'm getting at is that my extreme disapproval of richard spencer's worldview is not contingent on my opinion of BLM. If you want to normalize richard spencer then do it on its own merits, not by comparing it to a movement that is getting mainstream media play. You do it too isn't a valid argument.
BLM doesn't promote exclusion. They're not calling for a peaceful ethnic cleansing to create some sort of black only utopia like richard spencer's insanity and you fucking know that.
I know, I'm being pithy.In fact I had to go up a couple of levels to remember what this was even about.  In any case...In April 2016, the Southern Poverty Law Center wrote that the outlet has undergone a noticeable shift toward embracing ideas on the extremist fringe of the conservative right and was using racist, anti-Muslim and anti-immigrant ideas. - https://www.splcenter.org/hatewatch/2016/04/28/breitbartcom-becoming-media-arm-alt-rightThe center wrote that the website was openly promoting, and had become associated with, the beliefs of the Alt-right.Former editor-at-large Ben Shapiro wrote that under Bannon's leadership, Breitbart has become the alt-right go-to website pushing white ethno-nationalism as a legitimate response to political correctness, and the comment section turning into a cesspool for white supremacist mememakers. - http://www.dailywire.com/news/8441/i-know-trumps-new-campaign-chairman-steve-bannon-ben-shapiro#!
No problemo :)
Great defense champ
When exactly did NYT become fake news? Honestly, they've been around for +100 years and is the most widely read newspaper in America. They've been really anti-Trump, but does that really merit an entire dismissal of their organization?
Yeah, It would be really surprising and I would think I would have heard  or read about it even though I'm not American, but you never know, maybe he had some credible sources. But I guess it's all about alternative facts these days.Edit: sorry, I don't have a doggy :-(
Hillary is not the president. 
I don't see how Hillary's connection to major news agencies troubles you (as it should) but Bannon and Breibart doesn't. Hypocritical much?
Do you know how journalism works? I am 100% positive that these are all incredibly thin examples of journalists checking facts, asking for comment, and meeting with sources off-the-record aka doing their jobs. They do the same thing to the Trump campaign, you moron.
> Like when they made up a conversation between Trump and Turnbull and then Turnbull came out and said it never happened?Source please. 
And there's the reply showing you know they don't exist but have had those talking points repeated so much that you have to regurgitate them. If they're so easy to find, show me. Otherwise, they don't exist. 
Aka I don't actually learn anything, I just spit up words
Dude, stop. You're fighting a strawman. No one here is an SJW. 
>It's not a news article.You said racial slurs aren't found in Brietbart. I found a single column that has two racial slurs.Maybe you should stop lying and accusing truthful people of being liars.>Everything is misogynist and racist these days.Especially the opinions of Brietbart's writers and editors, as I have clearly demonstrated.I'm glad you can agree at least.
Breitbart:Bill Kristol is a Renegade JewDonald Justice Warriors: It's just an editorial!  CNN is the fake news!  **REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE**
You don't see a problem with calling someone a renegade Jew?
That's an interesting perspective. Care to explain? 
Proof?
Being fired technically is a problem when you're employed.  
WATShe was FIRED. HOW is that NOT a problem with being employed? THE FUCK do you actually want?
Your logic is fucking baffling. 
You suck dude, give up.
you're beyond embarrassing, friendo 
Yeah, fake news. Somehow you're totally missing my sarcasm. This is incredible. You know how anything Trump doesn't like is fake news? That's the thing I'm doing! It's funny, right!
Look at the left projecting their feelings again. How cute.
[removed]
[removed]
[deleted]
You know, you are actually right. I completely misread your comment. Sorry.
Thank god someone gets it
That's funny. You should look at Wikileaks. The media colluded with the Left throughout the election, and the DNC rigged it for Hillary against Bernie which was completely blatant and also in Wikileaks. Every controversy was engineered by the Left. They also made bullshit polls and made it seem like Trump had no chance of winning. They were completely 100% dishonest throughout the whole campaign, nothing about Hillary Clinton or her campaign was genuine. There's a chance you were brainwashed by the media.
Be honest.  It was wall to wall coverage we couldn't get away from.  Deray and others were hosted at the White House.  
Do you acknowledge the likes of Deray McKesson, Shaun King, Angela Rye etc are the other side of the same coin as Spencer?
Not in defense of Breitbart, but didn't the SPLC also say Pepe was a hate symbol?
As much as I hate Lena Dunham the true cringe here is Maria. So what, she said penis. It's not like she said did you enjoy the fat cock in the first episode? Hilarious how a completely  banal comment can complete derail a professional interview. It seemed like no one on the show knew what the fuck to do 
Lena Dunham can eat shit.  I don't know why anybody gives a damn what she has to say about anything.
*Obligatory Lena Dunham molested her little sister comment*  
OMG PENIS!!Seriously what's the issue here? Obviously Lena Dunham just likes to say shit off the top of her head and it was random that she out of nowhere brought up a scene with a penis but why is the host acting like it's a curse word? Should she have said willy? Pee pee? Ding dong?Edit: now that I think about it I bet Lena threw that out there to build hype, knowing people will tune in to potentially catch a glimpse at Kylo Ren's lightsaber ;)
All you had to do was say Lena Dunham or post a picture of her, and the cringe would be enough
I honestly think Lena Dunham is the worst human being on the planet.
is that slow chick the same that want to lecture everyone on politics and complex issues?
All of those daytime morning news programs are cringe.  All the time.Today Show and Good Morning America are basically the television version of clickbait.  Truly cancerous.
Gee, what do they have in common?
Oh my fucking god, i have never experienced a voice as painful before, but this actually physically hurt to listen to
IMHO the whole action was planned by Lena to get some publicity because of the start of the 6th Season of Girls. She knew the host would freak out about the p word
Ffs just why..
As horrible as Lena Dunham is, I enjoyed Girls.The most bizarre thing for me though was when I decided to watch one of the HBO Go post-interview things and found out that you're supposed to sympathize with the main characters, and that their self-centered bitchiness isn't supposed to be satire.  I don't know whether it makes it better or worse for me to know that the stupid selfish shit I was laughing it is actually a 100% sincere attempt at being likable.Almost every character is a horrible idiot, and that's what I liked about it, but it turns out that the writers are horrible idiots trying to write relatable characters.
The funniest part of Lena Dunham is that despite the raging, obnoxious feminism, she was successfully fat shamed into losing weight recently by Trump & his supporters. She even admits that he is her motivation for dieting.**M**aking **A**ctresses **G**aunt **A**gain!
This is definitely an American thing...
She's so brave for appearing naked on her show! Because she is unattractive! She is also so qUiRkY and against everything mainstream!
She is a Jew so she is given a show and promoted.  Shriver is a Jew so she was given a job in the media and promoted. 
Worst part is when she says I wasn't brought up speaking that way!What the fuck type of Village people did she originate from?
Definitely Schlong
Yes, she also was in some hot water for admitting to sexually abusing her sister. but even more interestingly she told us she would move if trump won, no update on that one yet. 
> she was successfully fat shamed into losing weight recently by Trump & his supporters. She even admits that he is her motivation for dieting.Do you have a link to where she said this? That's fucking awesome.
I'm sensing some Euro-jealousy.
Yeah, not my cup of tea.
I like to believe ugly people were born with clothes on.
ooh jesus, people like you are real?
Mmmm the Kennedys
Back in her day doctors called them baby making sticks.
i know right! she is such a penis.
What do you mean?  What sort of degenerates raised you?
She didn't say that at all.  She said she hasn't been able to eat food since Trump was elected and cited soul crushing hopelessness with the state of the country as a dieting method.http://www.nydailynews.com/entertainment/lena-dunham-lost-weight-trump-presidency-article-1.2965838
Jealousy of what...?
And if you didn't speak the way the village wanted, you were lobotomized.See: [Rosemary Kennedy](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rosemary_Kennedy)
Ones who can say penis and not be offended or grossed out.It's a part of the human body for christ's sake, not a curse word.
>doesn't think the word penis is icky = obviously raised by degenerateslol
Ah damn, that's disappointing.  At least she's depressed.
Of their forbidden words. They got the best forbidden words. 
Oh I seent it.  Such a tragedy. 
Check out her Howard stern interview last week.  I thought I hated her too but she really wasn't that bad.  Most of what I heard about her in the past few years were from clickbait titles such as this one.  She counters a lot of the misconceptions and misquotes surrounding her.The interview made me do a mental 180 on what I thought about her
This is a rough one. I'm simultaneously feeling bad for the checker (sounds like she's painfully lonely) and cringing at how inappropriate her desperation made her behave.  
Your grammar turned me into a lesbian.
This is way funnier if you misread that your girlfriend wrote down her number.
Holy shit that's mortifying.. 
I prolly would have made some quip about initiation into the Sisterhood, like she has to buy a Subaru first.
Oh dear.....this is just...I don't know.
>she wasnt phased by my responseSo she did not transition into liquid or gaseous matter?
same! i understand that shes lonely but...it was such an uncomfortable situation
Reminds me of the girl at the cancer support group in fight club propositioning everyone. Chloe?
? thanks
sorry if some of my writing is weird sounding :( a few prople have brought this up. i have asd and its hard for me to write sometimes. im truly sorry :(
It's probably not necessary but you could absolutely go to her manager with that, if I was her manager I would fire her. That's completely inappropriate 
thanks!
http://grammarist.com/usage/faze-phase/No need to apologise; just be aware of the difference.
i was seriously considering it but in the end i felt too bad :( plus im too shy
Oh.  You're *that* person, huh?
you're an asshole... Geez some people are just straight up cold hearted.. 
narutofucker doesn't need to be edified by trash. 
*apologize 
On behalf of that poor lady, thank you for not.
It sounds too crazy to be real. A bit fake, but if its real, thats really strange
That absolutely shouldn't be allowed if youre running a business, do you think people would feel comfortable coming to your store if theyre going to be propositioned by the cashier?
> she wasnt phased by my responseEvidently narutofucker does.
*troll harder
lol. id post the recipt for proof but that would be a horrible thing to do
The point went straight over your head
Then just fucking be pedantic and correct them without being a dick. No one thinks the Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh? You didn't actually mean thiiiiiiiiiiiiiiis? and awaiting a response is cute.
That's not trolling, that's opportunity 
I believe you but that wouldn't really help alleviate the skeptics
Your point being I'm an asshole? No I got that, that's cool
>Then just fucking be pedanticI expressed pedantry in spades. >and correct them without being a dick.I helpfully provided a reference and a polite response to narutofucker's excessively heartfelt *mea culpa*.How, exactly, is that being a dick? How, exactly, is calling me trash *not* being a dick? Are you always so confused and hypocritical in your argumentative responses, or did you make a special exception just for me?>No one thinks the Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh? You didn't actually mean thiiiiiiiiiiiiiiis? and awaiting a responseExcept I didn't do that, did I.How's this: I'll leave the being a FatWhiteBitch up to you, as you're obviously an expert, and you can leave the edification up to the pros.
https://www.grammarly.com/blog/apologise-apologize/You and I, thankfully, have very different ideas of what constitutes an opportunity.
ok ur just being annoying. why dont u go back to posting on watchpeoedie and jack off to that bud. fucking /iamverysmart dudebro. eat a dick
honestly i hope u get ur rocks off to being a dick and editing simple grammar mistakes on the internet. i too loved correcting ppls grammar when i was 12 years old and on the neoprts forums. god. leave the edification up to the pros lmfao get over urself and get a job. jesus. tip ur fedora all u want ya jergoff
No! Don't eat the paper! Paper, bad--cake, good WTF?? Does she think she's talking to a toddler??
damn the tyra banks show was dogshit
Insecure chef is pissed that a famous person is drawing attention away from her segment Better try to belittle them. 
Are you ok? As she pats the woman on the back. I wouldn't have slapped the condescending smile off her face but I sure would have thought about it.
Oh you can't eat the paper on a cupcake? Wow I've been doing it wrong for all these years..I never would have known if not for her comment...
[deleted]
I think they're both being pretty equally cringey at different points in the video. Patti when she keeps making weird faces after the initial paper comment and the chef when she's saying paper bad, cupcake good and then asks if Patti's okay condescendingly... it could be chalked up to a misunderstanding that did not bode well for either of them on (live?) tv.
I'm surprised there isn't more from The Tyra Show on here.  That whole fucking thing was a mess.
I didn't cringe, but I can't think of a more appropriate sub. Patti LaBelle isn't stupid. Even if the chef tried to say she was making a joke or being genuine, she followed it up with that paper bad, cake good remark.Also But you can touch it with your hands just killing it.
Would eat her ass though 
Really seemed like the baker was just making a joke trying to lighten the mood since she took it so seriously. Baker maybe just misunderstood 
Holy shit that woman is annoying. 
Anyone else think people are overreacting to this...? There's paper on this.Well yeah... it's called a cupcake liner, typically found on cupcakes. I don't care if she's telling the audience for their sanitary concerns. No one is even gonna call her out.Sure the chef cracked a bad joke, but the audience didn't even catch it so who cares? 
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=eQRwFn7WPk8
I'm glad Patti stood up for herself here.That said, King of the Hill is on next!
Patti Labelle is adorable. 
Hey everyone Shoenice again..
I can kinda understand the chef's first reaction though. I mean, who picks up a cupcake and goes this has paper on it. To the chef, that might have come off as this has paper on it, how am I supposed to eat it if it has paper on it.I dunno.
The chef is treating her like an idiot sorta.Sidenote: Patti LaBelles name is REALLY fun to say
Fun fact about Patti LaBelle. She has fantastic breasts.
I was hoping Patty would prove her wrong- call her bluff and actually eat the paper. 
I love Patti LaBelle
Looked like she tried to make a friendly joke but it came out awkwardly.
But there are desserts where you can actually eat the paper. I know some cookies where that is possible.http://www.ebay.com/bhp/edible-paper
BOO
Isn't that Rachel Ray?
when  she claimed patti wanted to eat the paper i just saw red. Something about putting words in some one else mouth infuriates me
I think [this Mad TV sketch]9https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ACh4j32ZnPw) sums up Tyra pretty well.
they were both as bad as each other
Buncha snowflakes the lot o' ya. 
YESSS MISS PATTI DRAG HUH
As she pats the woman on the outside of a cupcake.
That is Ms Labelle to you, hun!What the he'll does she thinks she's doing talking down to the original diva!
Whoa. Everyone here taking this way too seriously. I laughed out loud at the end due to it being a hilarious miscommunication caused by multiple people talking at once. The chef isn't rude she just made a playful remark for the audience, Patti isn't checking her, this clip doesn't make the Tyra Banks show look like shit (there's other valid reasons to think so though), and it's definitely not cringe. Just a fun interaction.
Not really cringey. Just a bit of sassy
the paper is the best part
Score one for Patti. That chef is nonsensical. 
If I was in that position... I might have just responded...>Really?Then ate the paper anyway and watched them all look on in horror and when I finished, I would then respond with...>Turns out, you can.
All I can see and hear is Dwayne's mom
are you okay?
this thread is so bad
This isn't cringe, this is racism.  She's speaking to Patti like she's of an inferior comprehension status. And saying Patti is sassy or overly expressive is stereotyping her as well. These comments are making me cringe. 
[deleted]
The real cringe is how Patti had to announce there's paper on the outside of a cupcake. Like... no shit.
In one ear and out the other with this one! What a ignorant rude individual! 
this is hilarious, not a single cringe was had
PATTI'S GETTIN UPSET! 
Lol that was a super sassy black lady reaction
You totally can eat the ass not the only one.
I liked Tyra Banks much better when she was RuPaul.  Then she went and shaved her head??!!
RACISM!
Patti needs to check her pride. She's too old to be so confrontational. Boo.
Uh oh, somebody's getting uppity in here.
This may have been staged.
OP missed the reason why this is cringey. It's cringey that she feels the need to defend the fact she was not going to eat the paper. Who fucking cares!
lol Is this Patti woman always this simple? This has paper on it - yes, we can see it. You can touch it with ya hands! Yes Patti, humans can touch things with our hands.
Ive met Patti Labelle and she was not a nice person.  Bitchy just like that.  The Chef just misunderstood her but Labelle took it as an insult.  Chef must be racist.  
So much condescension with that fake smile. I've had someone talk to me like that before, making assumptions about what I said and then ignoring my explanation in favor of snide condescension. It's enraging.
PROFESSOR! LAVA! HOT!
I was surprised Patti Labelle didn't act go all diva (which she's kinda earned by now) and really dig into her. That was incredibly condescending. 
holy fuck that was condescending, I am impressed she handled that so well. 
I kinda get why she made a comment about eating paper. She was just about to explain something and Patti suddenly shouts out THIS HAS PAPER ON IT, interrupting the chef. She continues to interrupt throughout the rest of the segment. I guess most people here are on Patti's side, but I personally thought the chef's condescending tone was justified. It's annoying to get interrupted when you're trying to explain something.
I understood that as her poking fun at herself for the misunderstanding.
That's an insult to dog shit everywhere.
I fucking hate tyra banks. I hate when she had sasha grey on and completely manipulated the segment to make her seem like she didnt know what she was doing. It was low as fuck.
My sister was on the Tyra Banks show in 2007, filmed in NYC. I was actually in the green room watching it taped live. They paid for all travelling expenses and a small benefit for coming on the show. She starts off so friendly and warming and turns extremely condescending the longer you're on stage, especially to my crying teen sister. She's entirely manipulative and I'm glad that show is over.
the fat suit shows were the worst
Women soak up shows like this. 
I hate when people do this. She didn't even stopped when she got called out, just kept going.
Not only a famous person, but also a successful chef and restaurateur.
Famous person?Not knowing anyone here, it seems the black lady on the left is making a big deal out of nothing. I'm not sure what's supposed to be cringe here other than her apparent offence.
 Not just the woman. That is MS. LABELLE - the one, the only, queen bee diva extrordinaire 
[deleted]
Hey hey we got a tough guy over hereEdit: yellow green chicken is turkey science 
Wait. I'm supposed to eat that gross fluffy stuff inside of that delicious paper? I usually just throw that part out!
That's not even accurate. You totally can eat the fucking paper on a cupcake. I don't know why you'd want to. But you fucking can.
If only you knew...
Repeat after me, paper bad - cake good.
But. But that's how all the 90's american cartoons taught me. 
***This one simple trick makes Cupcakes a newage delicacy! Find out why chefs HATE this person now!!***Cupcakes just got a helluva lot better! 
It is so much better now!
She didn't yell & it didn't look like it was a full-blown interruption. The chef could have not shut her out and stood more centrally. She was then extremely condescending by patting her on the back and asking if she's ok.I think it's pretty cringey and rude of the chef in this vid.
Idunno, looks like she was informing everyone that she isn't just grabbing a cupcake with her hands incase they were giving it out or something.I'm sure you'd be irritated too if someone just implied to you on national television that paper is not edible. 
The chef decided to get incredibly condescending over something really trivial.
I'm going to tell you that you can't eat bun paper on national Tv and I'm not even joking, then I'm going to come back to you later, rub your arm and act like you're the one who acted oddly ...but I'm not making this weird! 
Yep. Agreed.Patting labelle is so afraid she might look dumb (and she really didn't) that she made a big deal of explaining herself.A segment like that is timed to maybe like 3 minutes and the cook knows she has only so much time to get her point across so she has to keep moving on quickly while still acknowledging patti and Tyra She's not being rude at all 
Agreed
[deleted]
Yeah Patti acting like a petty b
This is the real cringe, woman felt slighted and got petty. Petty LaBelle.
I think Patti was being slightly cringey in the beginning as well as being a little funny. But the chef made it very cringey in the middle and towards the end and wasn't funny at all.
It was like a improv gone wrong. Too many people try to be funny or clever and just come off as a dick. Especially when its on tv & extra awkward. 
I didn't know which one was Patti until the end but I felt like the chef was just trying to do her segment and Patti was kinda talking to her like she was an idiot for putting paper on a cupcake.  My guess is it started with a misunderstanding that Patti was joking about eating the paper and then the chef thought she was serious and Patti just kept going on and on about the paper making it awkard
THE TYLER BLANKS SHOWWWWWW*lowkey dies from rabies*
That's because no one wants to comb through that awful shit for karma. Unfavorable ROI.
This sub was the Tyra banks show a few years ago
Holy shit you're in for a treat. Search the sub for Tyra. There's some quality stuff that's been posted over the years.
http://imgur.com/a/sDmTL
Make sure you remove the paper first.
That's not a drag act ?!
Not the dumbest thing in the world to say either. They *do* make edible paper for cakes and pastries. 
which one?
#PATTI! 
I'll tell you hwhat.
Like a big fat cactus.
So basically
and patti brought  it up to her mouth as if she was about to eat it
And... you made me say it out loud in a silent room. Good job. 
Pics?
No...If it was you would be able to tell by her horrible voice. 
And you didn't post a short paragraph
Now THAT would've been cringe.
you're actually right, since nothing funny actually gets posted there so this fits that criteria.
did you watch the end? She was trying to make sure the audience knows that she's not actually touching the food, potentially contaminating it. Some people wouldn't dare touch common food without washing their hands first. 
Wtf does age have to do with that?
i never actually said anything, i just used the title of the youtube video
it's food, someone will potentially eat it, she wanted everyone to know that she wasn't contaminating it by touching it with her bare hands. 
I don't think Patti LaBelle called the chef racist.
funny you say that, I actually found this in a compilation video of diva moments (ie madonna, janet, patti, whitney, mariah, etc just being bitchy)
I've met Patti Labelle and she was a very nice person. 
How cute, it's trying to express itself! Honey come quick, you *gotta* see this!
Wow this is starting to happen to me more and more and this comment helps bc now i know im not the only one
I'm pretty sure she's just smiling to try and keep the mood light and try and play off the situation because she's on tv...
This is a sign of her just being a pretty dumb, fear-based and anxious person who cannot actually listen to people very well, or think in the moment. She got off script for one second and just completely failed at basic awareness. I've known people like this.
You mean, in *flavor*...!Amirite???
This is what it's like living in the south I swear.
Welcome to Reddit.  Those things are all we do here
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gZAJJXK41ZA
This interpretation would hold some water if she hadn't said, You're the one who wanted to eat the paper!, immediately afterward.
She also tried to make her feel like doing porn was bad for women, like the modelling industry is so great for women.
[For anyone who wants to watch it](https://youtu.be/mU73Cp2HEtw). It ends at break, but not before showing a teaser for more of the show where Tyra says she wants to ask Sasha if she was molested and if that made her turn to porn. Interview starts about four minutes in. [Here's the second part where Tyra becomes ultra condescending](https://youtu.be/CDW-4mMOWOc)[And the finale](https://youtu.be/b8dIxHSxeUk)
Yo is your sister Sasha Grey?
The real vampires episode was the best cause it was hilariously stupid.
Some people are just crazy! Cant imagine themselves being wrong. Im glad she got called out in the end!!
She has such an over-inflated opinion of herself, she must have seriously thought people would ignore Patti Labelle to listen to her unknown ass.
restaurateur?
Patti LaBelle = famous. Hello? You must be really young to not know that lol.
You're sure he would have thought about it? Me too, in fairness I'm sure Patti thought about it too.
He said he would THINK about slapping someone.How does that make him a tough guy??
Paper, bad. Cake, good.
Couldn't agree with you more.  I, for one am glad that Patti didn't let it go.
Exactly, and she has to remember shes a guest on the show... If it was her own cooking show, the circumstance would be different.
Isn't tyra the main person to talk to?
speaking is an interruption, have you ever been in a conversation before?
Why? Just...why?
I once met Patti LaBelle on a flight to DFW in the 1980s.It was an awesome experience sitting with her and her people for 3 hours drinking and listening to their stories.  It's something I'll never actually forget thanks to her introducing me to her friend Eartha Kitt.It was magical
I would add that the chef in the video has probably done this same presentation multiple times at fairs and on local TV.  That joke probably goes over well when it's aimed at some random they pulled on the stage. That pat on the back and you okay tho.  Christ. 
Don't remind me.
Yeah, we had Joel Mchale for that shit. Damn, I miss The Soup. 
I believe it
Omg thank you for the tip. If I recall correctly she also perpetrated some embarrassing nonsense on ANTM as well. 
Just touching it. Not eating.
I keked
Yeah, like don't eat that, it's not edible heheh just kiddingThen Patti wouldn't give it up cause she was so offended and completely took away from the entire segment. Then the lady tried again to just say giggle and playfully poke and Patti wouldn't give it up.
The chef who pretended as if a grown woman eating paper was a legitimate concern. 
And the cupcakes would have killed Patty.
Shrug, it's more entertaining than that response.
What about UNcommon food? Like tripe or Balut?
You shouldn't touch common food without eating it afterwards.  There is nothing else acceptable.
I didn't actually understand why she had to point that out until reading your comment!
OKay she didnt technically touch the food but she still breathed all over the cupcake and put it up to her mouth? Which would make one think she was going to just cram it into her face? 
OP I think you did just fine.
Yes, you did.  By not changing the title you implicitly agreed with the framing it establishes for the viewer.  People go into that video expecting the chef to be rude because of the way you framed it.  
Where i'm from we would presume that would be the case or would just clearly see the wrapping around the base of the cake she is holding. We don't need to be told every action like school children.
No, but from my experience, im pretty sure she was thinking it.  
I watch that same video series and they are amazing
Link?
Good for you.  My experience was far different.
[Ha ha, he is saying I love lasagna.](https://youtu.be/Czwxk3Km5kg)
[deleted]
>[**PROFESSOR LAVA HOT [0:03]**](http://youtu.be/gZAJJXK41ZA)>>Farnsworth's greatest line ever> [*^Mountshy*](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCTX9P44sa49OP9Mb5gWKA3g) ^in ^Entertainment>*^185,445 ^views ^since ^Jun ^2010*[^bot ^info](/r/youtubefactsbot/wiki/index)
I thought she was just joking the whole time.
And like when she was 18 sleeping with an older man was so detrimental. As if tyra never fucked an older guy.
Doing porn is bad for women, modeling is too, but it doesn't make her concerns less valid regarding porn. 
Wow, those were some really manipulatively phrased questions. 
Good form
cringiest moments:Love yourself because other people aren't gonna-- they're gonna do anything...Tyra telling her she's proud of her
from when is this? 1994?
lol, why are you supporting a porn actress?
nope, sorry!
It means she owns a restaurant...
28, about 2/5 the way to my grave if I die naturally... So not old, but definitely not very young; I haven't heard of her.  She's not that famous, I'm afraid.  For someone to be famous, they need to be recognized by a large portion of people.  The CEO of, say, Dodge is very important.  But famous?  Nah, no one knows who he is. Likewise, the leader of what is now France in 1201 must have been famous.  Today?  I don't have any idea who the hell he was.  The leader of France in the late 1700's(or early 1800's; you get the idea)?  Pretty damn famous.  
I'm 47 years old and have no clue who patti labella is lolBut apparently she's hot shit huh?
I personally have zero idea who she is and I'm 20Edit: I get the sense I'm being downvoted because people are insecure about their age because I can't work it out...
I'm a 20 year old (American) and I don't know who Patti LaBelle is either lol
Not American, literally never heard her name and I don't think I'm missing anything. You know that there's a world outside your own country?
If it were an orange then the lion would be a zebra. You get me?
I think Patti could have made her day a lot worse and was actually holding back to keep things civil.
If she was the main person then she would have been the only one there. Since there are two guests, it is polite to address them both. 
Don't be a smartass. I meant the other girl didn't seem to be in a full sentence. She seemed to be pretty much finished talking.
That's awesome
Did you take Ertha Kitt to the airplane bathroom?
Me too. I needed that show to highlight the best of bad/weird TV so I wouldn't have to endure any of it.
Just make sure you don't miss the dog one. It is the hardest thing I've ever watched.
Paper bad, ass good. 
But the chef didn't frame it as, I know you don't want to eat the paper, i'm just joking around, she literally exclaimed, You're the one who wanted to eat the paper! 
Fair game. 
That's why you watch the video. 
What happened bud, flunk out of lawyer school?
And some people do, there are plenty of inattentive or unintelligent people in the world and Patti Labelle being someone who's been in the spotlight for a large portion of her life would likely be more aware of that and want to combat that.
But you think Ms. LaBelle needed to be told that she can't eat paper? 
We have a mind reader here, folks!
Lol that (your post) is so fucking stupid 
From your comments it seems you're a massive dickhead so that probably had some bearing on the encounter. 
I feel like this is a popular trope to throw around but isn't really realistic 
It's basically the people I see in TiA screenshots****
She has a right to judge I just thought it was really hypocritical of her.
the editing too. I like BDSM *dun da duuuuuun* \*cue scary music and crazy cuts*
I thought it was the fat 19 year old former prostitute acting like she was holier than thou and so much smarter and more mature than Sasha. At one point they're arguing about how the amount of acts Sasha is willing to do gets her manager more money and the woman says even when I was forty pounds heavier I was never doing that kind of stuff and Sasha just goes what does your weight have to do with it? 
> In February 2007, she appeared on The Tyra Banks Show,https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sasha_Grey
I want to know too
oh okay. thanks.
Patti LaBelle is famous. The fact that you're unaware of her existence pretty much disqualifies you from being a fame barometer, at least for American celebrities. Just doesn't seem like you've got the breadth of experience.
She's been featured on cringe at least one other time, too. Singing a christmas song.You've probably seen her and heard her music a few times but you just didn't tie it all to the same person. Kind of like how people don't know who Gary Oldman is but they've probably seen him play a lot of characters in movies.
ah you youngins! I guess unless you're old and like soul music, you wouldn't know her :)
Lol 20? You are young
Please look her up. If you have any interest in the roots of soul, and r&b, she's a great place to start. 
That's why I said young! She is grammy hall of famer from the 70's :)
You should look her up on YouTube. A voice that could make you weep and an attitude that would make you holler. Not my kind of music but she is fantastic. 
Yeah. You're young too.
So, I'm assuming you know little to nothing about music outside of the top 100 since you were in grade school? 
I mean, you don't have to be so rude. If you don't recognize who Patti LaBelle is, it takes 2 seconds to google her name and found out that she actually is famous af.> In a career that has spanned fifty years, she has sold more than 50 million records worldwide. LaBelle has been inducted into the Grammy Hall of Fame, the Hollywood Walk of Fame, the Apollo Theater Hall of Fame and the Songwriters' Hall of Fame. In 2005, the World Music Awards recognized her years in the music business by awarding her the Legend Award. Possessing the voice of a soprano,[3] LaBelle was included in Rolling Stone on their list of 100 Greatest Singers.[4][5] LaBelle is commonly identified as the Godmother of Soul.[6]
Even if you don't know who she is, you still used the hurr durr durr, she's famous? Must not be if I don't know her card, which is pretentious as fuck. It takes 3 seconds to google someone you don't know without being a condescending dick about it and trying to show off.
No need to be a dick. She is uber famous throughout the world. Just because you live under a rock doesn't mean everyone else does. 
Dont have to be american to know patti labelle ;)
You use the internet. It's not unfair to think that you should have heard of Patti LaBelle at some point considering how famous she really is. Do you use the internet for exclusive content only your country produces? 
This fucking guy. I've never heard of her either but that doesn't mean she isn't famous. Get off your high horse.
It's almost like you could have googled her before making a critical comment!
Lmao this guy sucks 
Arguably her most famous lyric, from her most famous song -- is in French.      I think plenty of us are aware there's a whole world out there.
I haven't heard of this celebrity from another country, she must not be famous! What a simple minded (and egocentric) perspective.
So...you only partake in things that originate in your own country? Makes you sound uncultured...
Not American, and I damn well know who Patti LaBelle is. Maybe you just don't know very much?
>You know that there's a world outside your own country?Yep, a world full of American-made music.  Take a look at the [Australian pop charts for 2016](http://www.ariacharts.com.au/annual-charts/2016/singles-chart), for example:  Most of the singers are Americans.The reason you don't know Patti LaBelle is because of your age, or because you're not into pop music.  She's had several songs over the past 50 years that were worldwide hits.
Ironically, half of her most famous song is in French.
I'd say Patti LaBelle is one of the top five soul singers ever.
I get you... some meds.  Hang tight.
chicken tetrazzini!
Oh God, link?
I was going to eat the ass not the paper BOOBOO.
That's something I'd say sarcastically 
Yes, sadly. What many people don't know is that Patti LaBelle has been eating forms of paper since the early 70's.A napkin, a paper plate...Once at a concert in 1986 she ate an entire box of crayons on stage. I mean, the crayons weren't in it - it was just the box but still, you know it must have still had the crayon taste.
People get old.  They need to be reminded skmetimes.  This lady was probably tired of dealing with Patti and her silly food wrapper questions.  Day after day.
Well when one talks and acts like a child then one should expect to get spoken to and treated like one.
Well when I met Patti Labelle she spit in my face and kicked my grandmother.She's still VERY famous though. And known by EVERYONE.So I still like her. 
Interesting.  I didnt say anything but Good Morning before she went off on on the poor room service attendant who made the horrible mistake of bringing her the wrong brand of tea.  Your right, though, I am a massive dickhead, but so is Patti LaBelle. How does that make you feel?  
TiA?
you tried
Yeah I've got no hope of that's the criteria for knowing her haha!I get the sense I'm being downvoted because people are insecure about their age...
Hah you think that's young? I'm a foetus and I have no idea who Patti LaBelle is. /s
Just asked the co worker next to me.  He's 39 doesnt know who that woman is....39 = young as shit?
Jesus fucking christ. You people are being some seriously obnoxious fucking elitist hipster fucks about Patti LaBelle. Do you feel better now? You talked down to someone who doesn't know about a singer who was famous among old people in the 80s and 90s. Pat yourself on the fucking back.Downvoting people and talking shit for not having heard of a singer. God damn.
You know there's a world outside your own country!Then turning around and saying he doesn't know who an extremely famous person is from another country. I don't know about anyone else but I found that terribly ironic.
You don't have to be so rude - /u/FuckUyouFuckingFuck_ lmao...I really love you guys
I hate that so much. Even worse is when someone on reddit's taking about someone popular like Kim Kardashian and someone else replies with who? You're not a genius because you don't keep up with popular culture, you dingus. 
All of you are acting pretentious and condescending towards people who simply don't know who she is. Jesus christ, calm down. The hypocrisy is strong.
Where did I say that? Can you copy/paste it?
No. What happened was many people here have played the card of if you don't know her you're stupidAs you can see here this woman is not as famous as done people would like to think. Knowing her or not knowing her doesn't make anyone better than anyone else.
gitchi gitchi ya ya da da gitchi gitchi ya ya here
I'm not on a high horse, lots of people sending hate mail to me are though :)I said I didn't know her, some people found that very, very offensive.
These people just look for reasons to be mad. 
That's strange, did you just make that up, because I didn't say it? I said I didn't recognise her. Can uou copy and paste the part where I said she must not be famous? I cant find it.
I'm very sorry you needed an ego boost today, what happened?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gdXNRbhWPf8
Relevant username then I suppose.
Eat it without touching it. Hygiene first.
Tumblr in Action I think
I just got here, but it looks like it has more to do with social grace. 
Get out
Well shit, if your 39 year old co-worker has never heard of her she must be a nobody. 
Geez dude. Oh, and don't eat the paper!
I didn't downvotes anyone, but thanks for playing.And by the way, I'm not old.
Do you know of every single celebrity from every single country? If you don't, why would it be ironic to say that there's a world outside of <celebrity's country> as an explanation of why something engrained in the minds of everyone in <celebrity's country> is not engrained into yours?

#
Right. If anything you're a dumbass because you still don't know how to use google in 2017
My parents are mid 60 and they know who Kim Kardashian is. And we don't even live in the US. They don't exactly know where she comes from or what she does because they are not interested, but they know her name. It's the same with people like Patti LaBelle because she is an musical icon in. There is no need to know a song although I know most people heard something without knowing it is her. But having heard her name somewhere shouldn't be that hard if you don't live with your head stuck under a rock.
So you're suggesting that if you DO know who Kim kardashian is, you're a genius I'd love to be able to say I DONT know who she is. I think I'd be a lot smarter because of it 
Ah that makes sense 
Only using op dumb fuck logic....
I'll eat the fucking paper if I want to eat the fucking paper! It's fucking edible. Don't tell me what to do. I'M AN ADULT I CAN EAT PAPER IF I WANT!
I didn't say you were old and the comment you were replying to in a dickhead tone is -30 right now. I'm replying generally to you people who are being fucking assholes about Patti LaBelle. You people look like /r/The_Donald poster or the Kanye cult that comes out to mass downvote and talk shit about anyone who doesn't know or care about something you like.
> Do you know of every single celebrity from every single country?I do actually.  Do you have any other questions?
Oh hey, I have a t shirt with this statement. Thanks, CKY.
Knowing who Kim Kardashian is doesn't make you dumber or smarter 
By saying you don't know about someone who is as iconic as Patti Labelle, and then try to call out people as old because they're surprised, only makes you look like an asshole.I don't listen to Patti Labelle. But I know who she is because I try to absorb the world around me. If someone is a true icon I don't know about, I will try to read up on that person and educate myself so that I might be enriched by what a person with such stature has offered the world.I would not sit here and be offended, calling everyone old simply because I'm the one who's uneducated. Even at my age in my 30's, Patti Labelle was before my time. Frank Sinatra was before my time as well, but if a bunch of people were flabbergasted that I'd never heard of him, I would not be a douche about it. You're only making yourself look more and more foolish, and that's why you're being downvoted. 
How was I rude? I didn't call that user any names, I didn't say he or she was an idiot for not knowing who Patti LaBelle is. I'm sorry a little sarcasm made you so upset, but I really think you're overreacting to a brief sentence I wrote.
Just embarrassed yourself 
That wasn't a question? I just end my sentences that way?
NO WAY. I must have it.
This is NOT the same as not knowing Kim Kardashian. Ms. LABELLE has contributed an ENORMOUS amount to music and culture for over 50 years. PLEASE, just listen to some of her stuff and read her bio. If nothing else, she's earned reapect!
> I'm a 20 year old (American) and I don't know who Patti LaBelle is either lolHow the fuck is that calling anyone out? Dude is just saying his age and where he's from and that he hasn't heard of her. -33 points and you fucks are leaving rude replies to him, which is what this is a child comment of.> You're only making yourself look more and more foolish, and that's why you're being downvoted.[All of my comments are positive in points right now. Sorry to burst your bubble.](http://i.imgur.com/q73vz4z.png) I'm talking about other people who are getting downvoted, which was very obvious from my wording.
https://www.amazon.com/gp/aw/d/B01BW683G8/ref=mp_s_a_1_3?ie=UTF8&qid=1486706605&sr=8-3&pi=AC_SX236_SY340_FMwebp_QL65&keywords=fuck+you+you+fucking+fuck&dpPl=1&dpID=415c5k6mbML&ref=plSrchBam Margera wore it a lot in the old CKY movies
R-E-A-P-E-C-T! 
Is this sarcasm? 
Mike is my hero.I don't think this is appropriate. I'll just be a teapot. *starts tipping himself over*
I love when people accidentally give you a glimpse into what kind of horrible person they were in high school. 
As a bonus, this is the same guy who famously got buried by a snow plow on live TV https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sYnK99qalNk
What the fuck is that idiot even trying to get across
Was this filmed by Darth Vader?
This was painful to watch and just idiotic. Even if it were well-executed, this would never be funny.
I know my gaydar isn't the best, but I was getting a vibe from snow-surfer dude.  Anyone else?
I always preferred the variation where you say hey you've got shit on your shoe. People automatically make [this pose](https://3.bp.blogspot.com/_83mMwujK6y8/TBe3SF19HoI/AAAAAAAAAFQ/eP0Tu1BMdTA/s1600/Stu_Balance_d_v1.jpg) to try check the bottom of their shoe and you say ooooh! 'ello sailor! 
Wow, what goes through people's heads.
Oh, FOX29 always bringing the lulz.
Well I'm probably gonna think that's funny later, when I'm doing some more lines to keep up with this thing I've got going.
Dude is that Vader recording that?
that's philadelphia for you
Well he DID make a gay joke.Now was it funny? No.
lmao this guy is in the county I live in. 
Hey weather man you're a bigot and a clown RUN AT ME you flamethrower. I won't stand for it
how long has he been out there for? he looked like all this arteries had popped. 
i am local to this area. wish i had seen it live. mike is much funnier than the other dude in this
Mike is consistently awesome.
Oh, Mike. Such excellence. 
I loved it so much.
>Reminds me of this thing me and my buddies used to do all the time in high school, we'd grab one of the nerdy kids and we'd sort of push his head around into the toilet. And then one guy flushes it! It was hilarious!
Pretty sure he's still horrible.
The screams are the best part.
lmao smooth as fuck
I didn't see anyone get buried
The way she says Steve!! makes me glad Tim and Eric exist. At :26https://youtu.be/5YHlbuqP3uo?t=26s
Yo, why you fucking with Steve Keeley?
That pink sweater = gay
No.It was filmed by a first person killer from a slasher film.
That's because you're watching it right now, you'll think its funny later
The difference between a gay guy and a Jersey/Philly guido is practically undetectable to the normally calibrated gaydar. 
I think that's from a Seinfeld episode.
>Reminds me of this thing me and my buddies used to do all the time in high school. we'd grab one of the teachers and we'd sort of jizz on their chair
because he made a shitty joke lmao you're certainly quick to judge huh
HE'S DEAD
I thought he came out looking pretty cool in that vid
wtf lol that was such a poorly delivered, low creativity gay joke.wouldve been just as effective if he said nice pink sweater gaywad!
https://static.independent.co.uk/s3fs-public/thumbnails/image/2013/10/30/12/moria.jpgHe's implying that's gay??
Really? As a gay guy I'd never have thought that. That's super interesting that people see gay in these guys. 
Are you sure you can use the word indictable that way? 
Relevant username, huh
Sort of jizz
Definitely read that in the voice of Pierce from Community
Nice punk sweater gaywad! Is concise, it would've ended his pain much sooner than tht dragged out teapot joke.
That's just fabulous.
If you grew up around them, or are gay, it's easy to see. But to people who aren't around them a lot, a super tan guy with shaped eyebrows is giving off gay vibes. 
Is gaydar offensive?  Serious question.
I meant undetectable. Autocorrect got me. 
His sweater is streets behind.
I concur, but I would say that it's less specifics like that and more like effeminate male = gay
Just had my brows done. Am bi. Can confirm /s
I don't think so. Although it's all about context.
No
Offense is taken, not given. And most people would not be offended.  So, in short, no.
I like how the one dude goes WHOAH like completely too late
That man cannot drive stick. Way to much gas. Nice stang tho!
oh god that car is beautiful im afraid to watch
OH shit I was cringing when he started burning the clutch. I'd be losing my fucking mind at the end! I wish I could see the interaction between the driver and owner after. 
whew, good thing he is wearing the safety vest
Who'd of thunk that if you give a rear wheel drive too much gas, it'd fishtail on ya? 
Such a beautiful car... first time I've physically cringed in this sub
Wow, even going up a ramp at low speeds and mustang drivers can't keep it from spinning out.
Hopefully insurance covers that or the tow truck guy/company.Unless maybe the steering wasn't aligned by a massive margin.
Does he just ride in the car all the way to its destination? how does he get out?
Giving the guy the benefit of the doubt, it could have been a very heavy clutch and a tiny catch zone. After having a stronger clutch installed in my car, I stalled it once or twice afterwards after having never stalled a car in 5 or 6 years.
I don't want to be that guy, but in what situation would you want to have the car transported by truck rather than...driving it yourself? Like what is the point of having a car that nice if you're not even going to drive it yourself.
Did the owner seriously let a mover drive his valuable car up that? Wow.
Relax, relax, I do this all the time.
WOAH!!.. Proceeds to walkup and take a close-up pic.
I'm giving it all this gas and it's barely moving, wtf?... oh I see, my foot is barely past the catch point of the clutch! I'll just pop my foot off the clutch real quick!  Whoops now the tires are spinning, oh well guess I should look for a new job
It's cuz he popped the clutch super fast once he realized he was burning it instead of just letting it out gingerly like anybody who's ever driven stick would.
Yeah... That was REALLY bad.
Yeah, shouldn't have been hot dogging it.
Nope, not the steering. You can see the back tires break loose after they get on the ramps. Too much gas on a car that probably makes quite a bit of torque on nearly-smooth metal ramps is not a good idea.
There's enough room to get out. He'll just pull it a little towards the right side as he gets to the back, and will be very careful opening the door. 
Thats not his problem, his problem is the ramp gave it no traction.  Being rear-wheel drive and light in the back = easy for the tires to break loose
Because driving long distances is for poor people, rich people have the car shipped and fly 
I know little about cars so I'm assuming you're likely correct.After watching again I guess that's what happened.
I feel like people who get upset and take it personally when you get their name wrong are self important assholes anyway. 
I mean, he kind of set you up for failure with the whole, Gordan is an anagram for dragon thing. It would be better if he set up a way to remember Gordon, instead of remembering Gordan. Also, who is that particular about getting a letter of his name right? If he disliked it so much he should have just gone by Professor *lastname*.
I have never seen a person named 'Gordan' in my entire life, and it doesn't even register in terms of popular names. The SSA claims Gordon was still popular in the 60s and 70s, ranking as high as the 159th most popular baby name, while Gordan has literally never been in the top 1000. The fact that he totally made a big deal out of making sure people didn't think it was Gordan, and also didn't think you were joking, leads me to the logical conclusion that you made this up and aren't a very good writer.
I would've pretended like I was just joking at that point, since he was so particular about it. 
idk, cringe on the teacher for being so fucking serious about his name, what a fucking asshole. 
This is literally my first time ever seeing the name Gordon spelled Gordan, I was not aware that was even a thing
Wait I don't understand why you're at fault when he led you on to believe his name is an anagram for dragon 
He sounds like such a tight ass. Don't sweat that too much. It'd be different if you were being all smug and bratty about it, but you were nice. 
I feel like this guy is socially weird. Who cares if you spelled his name wrong? I get that sometimes too. There's something not mentally right if he was seriously pissed at this lol
Well Gordon is an anagram from Ron-Dog and that's not much better.
the second paragraph has it being spelled the opposite of how it is in the rest of the story.
Welcome to academia.
OK, but can we stop spelling Aaron like Arron?
Please don't rule out the fact that just because he's a professor, he can't also be the commissioner of Gotham
Yeah that's true, if anything his anagram makes me think of Gordan more. 
I wish I had made this up but it happened and I still remember the look on his face as I said that to him. 
Ha I thought about it, but he didn't look too pleased. 
Gordan is the Slavic spelling I'm pretty sure.
You misspelled drogan.
No he was saying that his name is not an anagram for dragon, i.e Gordon, which is a weird thing way of getting someone to remember something. 
to be fair, incorrectly telling the professor that he spelled his own name wrong probably sounded quite weird
Are you sure? His name is Gordon with an O, the dragon anagram reference is just to point out that it is not spelled Gordan. 
Ay-ay-ron
You misspelled Gothom.
I know what you mean, but for next time... Go with the joking approach.
This is what I am looking at:> So the term goes by and every time I write him an email I'm always very careful to spell it Gordon with an O, and I think to myself Right, it's not Gordan because that is an anagram for dragon and that is weird.   ...    >After an awkwardly long pause he replies, No, it's with an O...That would mean you were doing it right the whole time.
Also an anagram for Tom Hog
Ohh yeah, over the course of the term I remembered it was Gordon, but it was specifically at the final exam that my mind reversed and I instead thought it was Gordan. 
And that's just weird 
It was even more cringey when he stood there next to Jeremy with a camera while he just ignored him.
Eh, a simple misunderstanding I guess. He probably thought they would've been ecstatic about the guy leaving and Top Gear going on the down, but they weren't.EDIT: Because 1) It's their baby and 2) Maybe they didn't really dislike him or find it too funny when it actually happened contrary to what the questioner thinks.
I'm not going to get in the shot. As he stands pretty much in the shot filming it all.
his head looks like a kiwi 
Didn't really cringe, great answer by them too.
More scary than cringe...  Imagine all of the shit that these 'divine leaders' have done without admitting to a camera crew.  
Hey it's me ur God
I lost it at could you not ask that question yourself? His wife nodding in approval with cuckson's head buried in the support beam makes this one of the best cringe videos I've seen in a while.
There is just so much to say about this video. Like the narrator said I can see now why so many are ready for the world to end (maybe not said exactly but pretty close)I couldn't have said it better myself
Lmao his smile at 31:00
Is it just me or do these people actually have a I'm a zealot face?
Son's slutty wife - The world, they would look at it a different way, you know, they would just see an affair happened.Yep.. that's about right. 
The cult leader's son must have been some cop - he says, on camera, that he knows what the laws are regarding sex with minors but he doesn't want to get into a legal discussion... dude... you just admitted you knew the law, nothing else matters.Also, is what time zone does doomsday start in? Mountain time? Central Time?
So his vertigo made him fuck his daughter-in-law?
I finally understood why so many can't wait for the end of the world. same dude
Is it me or all these people have a distinctive look about them? As in, the glazed over eyes, being there yet not being there sort of an expression.
>I finally understood why so many can't wait for the end of the world.Yeah a crazy guy has been fucking everyone, sexually and mentally for 7 years.  How far exactly can you bend someone's mind before they break?
Its even worse because he smirks and his eyes light up when he's asked if it was necessary to do it more than once, and his answer of do only consummate with your wife once on your wedding day?  all smirks and smiles while his sons in the corner while he not only tells, but reenacts the tale in front of his son. I hope there is a god just so this piece of shit can go to hell.
This isn't cringe this is fucking scary and sad. Jesus Christ the level these people must be at. 
Why doesn't anyone ever ask in these documentaries, So you've heard of all of these other cults just like this one. Were they wrong?
The one time when the word cucked truly applies.
Ugh, I don't know what is worse: imagining it, or that it actually happened. 
I'm agnostic so I don't know whether he's telling the truth or not.
Holy shit I am SO high right now and was just browsing for cringe giggles. Next thing you know I just watched that entire FUCKED UP documentary. That shit was WILD. I need a bagel.
Why was it necessary to consummate more than once? :-) 
I didn't really cringe because I cannot understand these people. This is just weird and sad.
Religion always putting out some great content for this sub
Dude was convicted of molesting kids, then got let off the hook for a botched jury... https://www.wikiwand.com/en/Lord_Our_Righteousness_Church
All I could do was groan, it physically hurt. Ya...It's called being horny....
this is truly harrowingit's so sad, people keep seeking other people to lead them and tell them what to do, all because they are afraid to control themselves and be responsible for themselves
Wouldst thou smash if thou could smash but once? Twice? Thrice? Nay. Thou Wouldst continue to smash. 
At that point why not just off your dad and claim that there can only be one?
That was hard to watch. I watched it till the end. That poor guy. I can't imagine the suffering he endures every day.
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lord_Our_Righteousness_Church for more info.
My son, God told me to consummate with your wife. In her butt.  
Those two women he was gifted (the two wives) or however he put it. There was nothing in their eyes, that is exactly what I picture that dead inside looks like. This is the kind of documentary that gets my mind racing, the human mind is so... vulnerable when put in the right mind set. Just as easily as it can be made tough with different guidence and the right personality. Puts my recent breakup in a ... and this is what you're worried about? Catagory. I'm so very fortunite to be where I am mentally.
That poor older woman. She looked broken and knew he was full of shit. 
No time stamp on mobile?
So what did they do when the world didn't end?And then what did they do when it didn't end the after Michael set the second date (December 15 2007)?
Cult Leader GONE SEXUAAAAAAAAAL
You ever noticed how people who believe in Creationism look really un-evolved? You ever noticed that? Eyes real close together, eyebrow ridges, big furry hands and feet. I believe God created me in one day. Yeah, looks like He rushed it - Bill Hicks
You know God's an asshole when he decrees that you need to be cucked by your dad... multiple times.
I watched the entire video and wow, people like this exist in the states? It's no wonder Trump is president. Next term we might upgrade and have a gorilla elected instead of an orangutan. 
humanity is capable of some tremendous things. 
One day it will dawn on the son and all hell is going to break loose.The aftermath is that boy will one day pen some of the most disturbing verses for his  band to play while high on heroin.
What the actual fuck?
This dude is one cringey weirdo but damn if I don't feel absolutely terrible for his son. I'm sure they really had God in mind when taking a trip to Pound Town. Multiple. Times. 
Ya, those kids at 39 minutes got diddled. 
I thought it was going to be nonconsensual . . . at least it sounds like she wanted to?
What the fuck lol
How fucking stupid can people get? It honestly blows my mind that we as a species have survived as long as we have, fuck. 
As an ex-Mormon and avid atheist, shit like this is so interesting to me. Joseph Smith was no different than that man. Just a different era, so he amassed a larger following. Crazy to think how Utah is filled with and run by cult members (Mormons) who are just as dumbfounding to listen to explain their beliefs as the followers in this video.
lol...holy shit that smile.
Jesus christ, awful.
i had to go back and start watching this whole thing. this is a crazy documentary. this cult is extreme. im watching it now.
Holy hell that shot of him lying his head on the wall I fucking lost it
Jeez.  This is really sad.Also the cult leader really displays some red flags that should help people spot a con artist.  Very often when people are telling a bullshit story they will pepper it with all kind of unnecessary details to make it seem more believable.  
...I should start a religion.  
Men are such horn dogs.  This is the outrageous shit people think up but it takes a real kook to actually have the balls to follow through.  Convincing people to follow a guy because he's the messiah, when really he just wants to create a modern day harem.Without fail these cults always comes down to the leader freely banging a bunch of women and girls.  
man fuck that dude he is dead behind the eyes they all are, it's scary.
That smile at 31:00 make me feel like  I was going to throw up. This man's actions are disgusting, misguided, manipulative, & down right heinous.
Please tell me this fuck is in prison now.
Demons.
This is /r/watchpeopledie level 'please leave me in ignorance' kind of stuff.
>I suddenly understood why so many can't wait for the end of the world.That about sums it up perfectly lol.
cuckson and wife look like Ethan and Hila in their latter years
Watching him reanact that scene was like watching Michael Scott from The Office. Holy shit hahaha.
Anyone wanna ELI5: Why doesn't someone stand up to him / leave? What power does this fucking Micheal guy have over all these cultists?
Not cringe. This is scary. These people are completely brainwashed.
That went from hilarity to terror real quick, those poor kids
I could finally see why so meany people await the end of the world.lolIs this Tim and Eric?
When you drink the coolaid. 
When I first visited US it was a culture shock to me, that so many people sincerely believe in all that end of world doomsday BS, I guess NT with its heavy emphasis on Apocalypticism and Historical Jesus himself being a Apocalyptic preacher is behind this psyche. 
God came down and told me to beat the living shit out of pops, with a pipe. He works in mysterious ways!
Im too scared to watch this
That poor young man, the 15 year old boy...it sounds to me like he's battling that voice breaking. I think he knew that as soon as he is fully into adolescence the cult leader would have no use for him and he'd either be cast out or abused into leaving. No way that creepy old guy is going to let him have a girlfriend, nope, all the teen girls are for him.I wonder what all these people are up to now. Not the cult leader, but the people he's messed over like this boy and all those girls.
God does work in mysterious ways I guess
I...what?
Well alright then...
I just learned a bitchin' pickup line thanks to Michael. Hey, babe. I started seeing that our consummation was imminent. I'm gonna have to do that. 
Disgusting.
Sick fuck, makes me sick
That guy looked like Charles Manson ..  how fitting.
That's some great cringe but what's sad is just after the mum loses her young kids to the grandpa's cult and think her mother is wrong about everything.
This seems like something straight out of The Office. This sounds exactly like something Micheal Scott would say.
That's heartbreaking, the level of betrayal that son is going through
There's nothing cringe about this.This is a fucking travesty.Some piece of garbage has brainwashed his family to the extent that they believe God wanted him to bone his daughter-in-law.
This pedophile rapist cult leader was convicted and sent to jail, but apparently he's getting out soon.http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-3418097/New-Mexico-cult-leader-74-convicted-molesting-girl-set-released-prison-early-skin-cancer-treatment.html
Religion is mental sickness, having an imaginary friend that you think created you and the whole world makes you sound like you're 6 years old.
c'mon dad you said you wouldnt bang anymore girls i brought back home!hold my drink son.
I would be interested in seeing a follow up documentary on these guys.. if they're still around. I felt sorry for the son, he seemed utterly miserable.
Anyone know of any updates on the exact spot/longitude where you are, right?
Honestly this is just sad. Nothing cringey about it. That man had taken everything from them and they don't even know it. He brainwashed those poor kids and even if they get out (which they probably won't) they will be scarred for life. He uses God's prophecy to take what he wants. He uses fear as a means to his end. He admitted to raping his son's girlfriend (rape by fraud one could argue) and has honestly probably sexually assaulted those kids sitting around him in the final interview as well. I hope they can one day have some semblance of a normal life. And I hope Michael (that cult leader) gets a painful death.
Micheal is the kinda of person I'd be happy to torture. . . 
Holy fuck these children are utterly, freakishly scary. So fucking brainwashed. 
Holy shit that was the worst thing I've ever had to sit through.
The old dude in that clip looks a bit like Michael Palin.
That son's doomsday came and went
At what time in the video does this happen because I don't want to watch the full thing 
These people are fucking crazy lol
Wow, this is all kinds of fucked up
/r/floridaman
/r/sadcringe
That mob walking at night chanting with horns blaring... I would've peace'd out the moment I saw them heading my way. That was some straight nightmare fuel. And all of a sudden the end of Kevin Smith's Red State doesn't seem so far fetched. 
[Word cloud out of all the comments.](http://i.imgur.com/XBDuHoq.png)I hope you like it
I don't have the balls to cringe through the whole video right now. Coming back in the morning. Gotta refill that cringe meter. 
It's final you can take that to the back we are done.............................
To what degree would this be tolerated if they were worshipping a non judeo-christian God, let's say Allah or Poseidon or her holiness IPU? I figure that should show us how bat-shit crazy and manipulative this guy is.
Absolutely fascinating. 
Hey, it's Jesus you guys
How do people actually believe this shit?
I forgot how amazing this documentary is and how well its put together. The production is just top notch.
Can you imagine being that cucked?
tfw getting cucked by your own dad
Frightening that these people can't let themselves realise what is happening. 
He's not the Messiah, he's a very naughty boy.
Jesus christ, imagine having to live with your rapist like that.
this is a great doc. definitely worth watching 
Will Ferrell? 
This was an episode of DS9. Gul Dukat knocks up a bajoran member of his Pah-Wraith cult. 
Turn off Youtube Autoplay. You've been warned.
LMAO gotta laugh at these freaks.
haha I will upvote for your title alone
LMFAO that grin when asked why did they have to consummate more than once and the fucking answer he gave... Absolutely no doubt about it, this schizophrenic Michael person is a bad boy!
what a sad pathetic man..
cringe? more like r/WTF
I had a suspicion he wasn't God when he asked me for $3.50. Doing my wife was frosting on the cake.
Allvays knew God was really called Michael. Just sayin'...
that was hard to watch, the dad is pure evil. 
This is fucking terrifying. 
Religion is some scary shit. 
Good grief, the phone call with the son at the end. For someone who feels free he certainly has a depressing out look on life and the future. I feel really bad for him and those kids. :/ 
Michael doesn't genuinely believe any of this shit.  He believes he is a master manipulator.  You can see it in his eyes when he talks to the narrator that he doesn't believe a word he utters.  He's just a sick person.
This is awful. I can't even imagine...
Murica
r/sadcringe
I'd say this would fit much better at r/morbidreality
Anorexic Kevin Love.
I feel like I just watched an interview with Joseph Smith
r/atheism
Shiiieet, the guy from the thumbnail reminds me of [Jack Baker](http://vignette1.wikia.nocookie.net/residentevil/images/2/2b/Jack_Baker_1.png/revision/latest?cb=20161029135704)
The most frightening sex offender that I ever had to deal with as a detective was a cult leader. I had to do monthly contact and compliance investigations in my area and he was a high risk sexual predator. He led a Christian religious cult and had a farm.His scheme to get victims wad to prey upon poor couples/families who were financially destitute. He would offer the males a home and a job on his farms while preaching to them all. When the men would go to work the fields, pre-dawn til dusk. He would hang back at the compound and train the wives and daughters in their wifely duties. He was convicted on more than a dozen counts of sexual predation and sexual predation on children (females). His compound was closed down and he was sent to prison. Upon release, he went back to his very large and well appointed home with his wife, who was absolutely complicit in his crimes the entire time and fully aware of all of it. I can say this, every time I entered that man's home to check on him, I felt the presence of absolute evil. It was almost paranormal. His wife was a straight up Stepford wife. I have no doubt whatsoever that former members of his cult died at his hands. He was terrifying.
God needs you to put on this bunny outfit and grab the lube...
This guy fuck 14 year old girls. Didn't admit to it, but it was heavily hinted to in the documentary.
Did you watch the whole thing? I'm scared for those kids 
Gee, like sacrificing your son Abraham to a voice in the sky to test your loyalty? I wonder were cultists get crazy ideas to prop up their paradigm. 
i dunno, ask dt in 4 years
Yeah. Yo OP u watched a 45 minute documentary and posted this bit on cringe? I'm gunna clip something from Going Clear on here. 
Yes, sadly this seems tame in comparison to some of the other things I've seen. I cannot believe that woman let her kids return to that man.
Still better than *take your son up on the mountain and sacrifice him to Me.*
pls fuk my wife
aw hell yea
*dick
Her holding back the smile when he said that his dad was forced already had my blood boiling.
cuckson lmao 
Cucked by hot own father. 
thanks! I wasn't sure people here would get it but the community came good. It's the cringiest thing I've ever seen, it's almost like some awful comedy.
Fucking lol
It's not even cringe, or funny, it's sad and scary, that guy is doing irreparable harm to his family's lives and is probably abusing the kids there too.
At the tail end of the video, when the end didn't come, the son just sounds so absolutely broken. 
But then you'll just be with these fucks in the afterlife.
So... a sick narcissistic leader who proclaims the world to be hellish carnage and tombstones, then does endless crazy assed shit to fuck up the lives of those around him until they wish for the sweet release of death?Man, I sure am glad that as an American, I'm not dealing with any sick shit like that!
Holy shit I fucking lost it at that point-- started laughing so hard I have a headache. Jesus christ this is 100% the cringiest content I've seen here and I feel bad for everyone ignoring this video because it seems like it's so long but the true gold is that 3 minute segment.Unbelievable... that fucking smile, my god. The balls on that guy. My stomach hurts so bad now from laughing. Thank you /u/preraphaelitegirl for posting this. I don't know how you people find gold like this but god bless your souls.Edit: I feel bad for his wife (the old guy's wife) because but damn, her nails are well-manicured.
http://imgur.com/JZHTFcw.jpg
Did you have to consummate more than once?That smile just says, Bro, you know exactly what I'm doing here.
Oh my god... [The creepy pedo smile here is even worse.](https://youtu.be/M0xf2Hdxo6o?t=37m6s) Those poor girls.
Is the weed on the show real?
The definition of a shit eating grin
https://youtu.be/M0xf2Hdxo6o?t=1861
I had to screenshot that. New reaction picture right there.
I let out an audible the FUCK?
holy shit yes. i came here to point that out. That was absolute evil. He looked at the camera man and let him know with that smile/look. Fucking dark.
Sometimes they just have...shiny eyes. You see it with Scientology types when they surround someone and try to do their shaming thing. Shiny eyes, like a doll's eyes.
[Like this?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AqSZhwu1Rwo)
Like Betsy Devos, just empty eyes ready to push God's will 
You mean Paul Ryan-esque
I don't think it's fair to call her slutty. She's a brainwashed victim in this that has been raped. 
It's the ~~children~~ entire world that's wrong!
See? You're so brainwashed and godless, you also see it as an affair! SHE WAS RIGHT!!
> But that's not what happened. Well I'm glad that's cleared up then. 
Damn, you're good. He was a former cop.https://youtu.be/M0xf2Hdxo6o?t=4m2s
I thought Easterncould be wrong though. 
If you are God incarnate, presumably it would be some sort of astronomical time on the exact spot/longitude where you are, right?Or in this case Mountain - fuck the complicated calculations of when midnight is at your exact longitude, just check your cell phone.
Woah what? When did he say this?
Pretty common in New Mexico.  Doctor prescribed really.
Hate when that happens. Whoops there goes another one, damnit! 
Those crazy eyes.  
Repeated psychological torture, yeah these people are husks
1000 yard stare in all of them. 
Interestingly enough consummate refers to the **first** time a married couple has sex, in no way shape or form in a sane sense does it refer to repeated instances of sex between a man and his daughter in lawSo fucked up
I wonder if it was just missionary. 
You are correct, they are in fact at level Jesus Christ.
It's disgusting as fuck.
This is certainly cringe. Your dad and wife talking about how they had sex in front of you, and to millions of people? You'd be hard pressed to find a more awkward situation. 
Because the answer would be simply Yes. That's how religions work, they follow no logic.
Go ask a religious person ,  So you've heard of all of these other ~~cults~~ religions just like yours. Are they wrong?  
Probably the second one 
I don't know if this is satire of agnosticism (or at least certain types) but it could be. A great one. (Pretending to be on the fence on something you clearly act as if it isn't true)
I lol'd.
(   )
Cringe requiresa level of emphaty I guess. Hard yj have empathy for people yiy just don't understand.
watch the rest of the doc, he talks about that and so do the kids
>On June 28, 2011, The New Mexico Court of Appeals overturned all convictions against Wayne Bent.>On October 22, 2012, The New Mexico Supreme Court overturned the New Mexico Court of Appeals ruling and Wayne Bent continues to serve out the remainder of his sentence in prison.
Just say that God told you to do it. 
The phone call with Jeff at the end was what got me.
tl;dr: Cult leader touched some children and went to prison. Is now out of prison, presumably touching children.
Non-Mobile link: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lord_Our_Righteousness_Church***^HelperBot ^v1.1 ^/r/HelperBot_ ^I ^am ^a ^bot. ^Please ^message ^/u/swim1929 ^with ^any ^feedback ^and/or ^hate. ^Counter: ^29105
It would be impossible to show any signs of life when the person you put all your faith in has done nothing but destroy you for as long as you can remember. 
28:45
more sex with wife idk
Switch to anal?
Ironically enough, one year later to the day he was convicted. He got some details wrong, but the end of his world did happen on that date. 
I hate to tell you but it's not exactly uncommon. Joseph Smith was a famous womanizer.
Well, he did order a guy to violently murder his son and waited until the blade was raised before finally saying, Dude, it was just a joke!
11 thousand people wrote in Harambe on their ballots. 
Like Voldemort. Terrible yes, but *great*.
probably convinced her 
People can be brainwashed. It's easy to call them stupid but a lot of young kids are brainwashed early and never stand a chance. Even educated, intelligent adults can become brainwashed and join cults like the Jehovah's Witnesses, Mormons, and Scientology.
Lmao me too, especially because someone in the thread called him cuckson but I felt bad about it 
to sleep with your son's dead eyed wife?
..., Said L Ron Hubbard when thinking of how to get rich quick.
The same reason literally anyone does anything irrational in the name of religion. Conditioning.
Fear.Everyone in a cult is pretty much only social within it. They do a very good job of making the cult into your life and family and closing out the outside world. This guy is the leader, and at the snap of his fingers you could be exiled from your family, forever, and because everyone else allows themselves to be controlled by the threat, no one will speak against him. 
Remember, only the followers are stupid.
But let's make sure we sensor some tits and fucks on tv 
Cue Dexter.
I practice a lot of family law (including CHINS work).  From what I have seen, Religion (particularly Christianity) is strongly correlated with child/spouse abuse.  
>upon release There shouldn't have been a fucking release. 
Jesus H. Christ
Was this guy from Quebec?
I just knew that if I came over and was asked to put on the bunny suit, I would put on the bunny suit and grab the lube.
Has god ever told you about the Cleveland steamer?
You say that like it's a bad thing
Why?   First of all, do not question thy LORD nor me his mouthpiece.  But if you must know, the LORD is angered by the pagan symbol of fertility, Oestre, from which comes the namesake of the evil and glutton filled day of Easter.  The LORD told me that you must embody the vessel of Oestre, and that I would purge the demon-rabbit from this earth by penetrating you with the holiness bestowed unto me by thy HOLY FATHER.Yet I say again, put on the outfit, and grab the lube.  Amen and amen.
Why do I need that? Well, you see, I was just like getting up, and then I took knee, and then I kinda put my right foot in, and took it out. And then I was like shaking a little ... And you know that just means it's consummation time. Yeah but did you have to wear the Easter Bunny suit.(Close up knowing smile)
God likes catgirls and there's nothing we can do about that.
/r/Furry_Irl
Here cums Peter cotton tail...
A quick wikipedia check shows he had indeed been diddling kids. 
Yeah they were completely brainwashed and not in the cute way the daughter said it. I bet he's had sex with them too
The girl whose mother signed over custody to the cult leader: My mom kept trying to tell my I was brainwashed.  *giggle* Well, yeah, I am brainwashed!  My brain has been washed of all my corrupt thoughts!  Then all the children giggle together.  Fucking creepy.
Ur bush bout 2 be burnin lol, jus playin 
get cucked by god m8
Or god-man's smile when they ask him if it was nessesary to fuck his sons wife more the first time.
Watch the video again. She's crying.
This is right at the intersection of very sad and very funny. 
freudian slip? :)
it's terrible when your hot dad [bangs your so](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ne9dGT5Cs-I).
Real life Athelwulf.
I'd say this falls more into sadcringe. It just made me super depressed. 
It was like a dark Will Ferrell comedy. And watching that father re-enacting the moment when god told him to fuck his daughter in law...it seemed like he was making it up as he went along. 
Yep. I feel like there's a hint that he's lost faith in his father but he's got nowhere else to go. Anyone know of any updates on this cult?Man the most unnerving part was by far that part with the kids. Michael has washed my brain.
His charade is falling, too. My life is over, I burned all my bridges a long time ago. There's nothing left for me on this Earth.
what cult told you that?
If there's an afterlife, fuckers like this must have a special place reserved especially for them to simmer forever in boiling shit.
Sign me up for Buddhism and get me the fuck out of the entire mess. 
I've never seen a dead horse so completely pulverized in such a quick fashion. Please stop, reddit.
They're in New Mexico.
As of right right that leader isn't fucking my gf.
>started laughing so hard I have a headacheNot the reaction I had. I wanted to put my fist through his face. That pos sees his son in pain trying to reconcile his father's actions with his faith, his wife crying next to him and he fucking smirks. That's pure fucking evil. The narrator hit it on the head. No wonder they're all looking forward to the end of the world after what that shit stain has put them through. 
Uhh...why exactly is this gust busting hilarious? I just don't get the reaction, cults are horrific. 
Biggest cringe moment, agreed.  His smirk and then... Do you only consummate with your wife once.   Pan out to a tear running down his wife's face 20 sec later.   This guy knows he's full of shit and so do they all but they're too far down the rabbit hole now.  Edit, spelling
<3
You laughed at this? Seriously?
Can you tell me where to skip to so I can enjoy the moment too?
Also, the prophecy was pretty weak. He falls to the floor then knows he's going to consummate with his son's wife. He didn't even say God told him._Trips on rug_ Ow. My knee. You know who I'd like to see on her knees... God hath willed it!
That's one happy rapist.
Yeah, I tapped that
Jeff Bridges
>I mean, I didn't *have to*, per se.... 
Only when they are good in the sack... so sayeth the Lord.
I had to stop after one of the girls gleefully said Michael washed by brain of my corrupt thoughts. It's just too sad. 
It's pretty obvious that god had given him a message on what to do with them girls. Disgusting creep.
Why does God always tell these assholes to fuck kids? 
Brings me back to a [classic](http://www.thebestpageintheuniverse.net/c.cgi?u=spot_the_pedo)
The way those kid starting laughing when the documentary guy said that children haven't made the choice to be apart of groups like that because they were born into it, was very disturbing. Also, when he said Excuse them. They are laughing at you., he emphasizes the word 'at'. He wanted to make sure documentary guy knew what he really thought about him without saying it directly.Excuse them. They are laughing *at* you.EDIT: I'd like to know what exactly what kind of thoughts he told her were corrupt.
in case anyone is out of the loop https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b5VnQEbVd6M
>[**The End Of The World Cult (Documentary) - Real Stories [48:17]**](http://youtu.be/M0xf2Hdxo6o)>>Michael Travesser says he's the Messiah. Formerly a sailor called Wayne Bent, Michael is the leader of a cult in New Mexico called Strong City. His 56 followers - men, women and children - hang on his every word, serving him with absolute and unquestioning devotion. > [*^Real ^Stories*](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCu4XcDBdnZkV6-5z2f16M0g) ^in ^Film ^& ^Animation>*^266,243 ^views ^since ^Apr ^2016*[^bot ^info](/r/youtubefactsbot/wiki/index)
Black eyes, don't seem to be living at all when they come at ya, til they bite ya, and the eyes roll over white, and you don't hear nuthin but the screamin and the hollerin
They also look creepily like one another. The son and his wife look like they could be siblings, both have the same Roman nose and high cheekbones. 
They are tense and yet glazed over, not really taking in the world around them and reacting but rather viewing it through a singular, inward, rigid lense.If that makes sense.
Where the hell can I get eyes like that?You gotta kill a few people. Then you got to get sent to a slam, where they tell you you'll never see daylight again. You dig up a doctor, and you pay him 20 menthol Kools to do a surgical shine job on your eyeballs.
I see that with religious types, why is that?
i've never been so invested in how long it takes someone to blink, before
Fuck dude, I watched this in the dark, by myself just before going to sleep and it really creeped me out. Something about his eyes are really unsettling. 
That guy is really compelling. I want to join his group. 
captain murphy
Oh Jesus fuck that's dangerous. His voice is so soothing and I'm so tired I want to listen to it while I fall asleep but that's how the shot gets engrained your memory and mind set.
What a psychotic asshole... I can't believe I watched that whole video. 7 minutes I'll never get back and all I'm left with is confirmation that another delusional moron existed. 
This guy would have been great at selling just about anything. He could have been a rich stockbroker or a car salesman. Instead he sold death. 
My God... every time you see her, she has that expression like she just awoke into the moment from a murder-fugue involving unspeakable depredations.... oh! Hello Senators... I was just... just... well that's queer; there's a dozen dead babies in my car!
Or Nancy pelosi. 
I'm hardly defending the slutty descriptor, but don't you think rape is a bit sensational as well? I mean, she quite literally asked for the consummation. Saying she was brainwashed, and therefore cannot actually give consent, could be argued. But then, every fundamentalist husband would potentially be raping their equally fundamentalist wives, if it involved similar dynamics of religiously-mandated power within the relationship. Perhaps you are willing to call all such examples rape, but then, who are you to tell that woman what she actually wants? Oh, no, you're not ACTUALLY consenting to that man. You have no power to recognize and act on your own will. Seems a bit demeaning, I think. Seems like she's completely aware of the choices she's making and the consequences of her actions, and can even consider an outsider's interpretation of her actions as adulterous. Brainwashed or not, at least from a legal standpoint, it's not rape. 
she went to his bed and laid down. She consented. Perhaps the idea of the end times was coercive but really it's not fair to call this rape. She told her husband she was going to do it and seems to be at peace with it.
no, she's using it as an excuse...
It's not that easy to brainwash someone. These are adults that choose to follow the cult leader. She chose to have sex no matter what her reasoning was.
Yeah, that stifled knowing smirk when her dumbshit husband is explaining that his father was forced says otherwise.
This is Jeff, a former cop. /u/215HOTBJCK something tells me this guy Jeff must have been some cop. 
Jesus is American, as we all know. 
We have hair of the dog they have seed of the father
I'd prefer it being more cringey like your dad on camera explaining how good he fucks your mom in the ass or something. But this is just depressing, getting used by your father just so he can keep fucking your wife is so unfathomable I cant even relate to cringe to. The level of brain wash is crazy. 
> they follow no logic    Sure they do, it's just based on faulty a priori asumptions like there are intangiable, unverifiable reasons for everything I say to always be correct  But once you start with these asumptions, then almost everything else is a perfectly valid chain of logical consequences.
Yeah I don't think it's really a close call 
Yeah, what's worse, me thinking about the Holocaust for a sec or millions of dead Jews? Yeah, that is a pickle.
I'm agnostic and this cult leader is full of shit
Are you okay?
Are you having a stroke or on mobile? If you're having a stroke just finish and come back. We'll still be here.
I think I understand, but I still don't get cringe.  Just sad.  If the followers were assholes about how sure they are that their master would physically transform like a Time Lord regeneration and were dicks to the interviewer for calling their bullshit, then I'd get cringe when (duh) nothing happens.  But these are just sad messed up people.
God told me to tell you to give me all your money.  And a grilled cheese to go please
Nah, just fucking his son's wife (more than once).
Yeah, but God gave him cancer, so we have that going for us. 
I wish I could say that it was ironic that he went off on how the outside world is all about satisfying lust or whatever it was he said while nestled between two teenaged girls.
Source? 
I always assumed that's the reason people started cults in the first place.
That actually didn't happen http://www.politifact.com/punditfact/statements/2016/nov/22/blog-posting/no-15000-people-did-not-vote-harambe/
as a joke
r/unexpectedhogwarts
Don't forget the big ones. 
Kids i get, but i couldnt see myself being brainwashed to think its fine for my dad to fuck my girl.Im just imaging the first day he says it, id probally avoid him for the rest of my life just by saying that.
If that is what god commands, who am I to question it? Also, all of her friends should sleep with me too. Amen.
As fate would have it, this occurred in South Florida... The Dexter reference is on point.
Que? 
I'd love to hear the monotone narrative as Dexter takes that creep out.
From my own experience in investigations with children and family services, I'd strongly agree. I think that the umbrella of God shields a certain level of moral shame from certain personality types, which deludes them into the capacity to commit heinous crimes and rationalize it.... Even totally justify it. I personally take a lot of crap for pointing out that there isn't much of a line to cross between radical Islam and radical Christianity, and perhaps the right should take that into consideration before trying to muscle in laws and policies that are founded upon dogmatic ideologies..... Unfortunately, when you point that out, it normally falls on deaf ears. 
See also: Russia legalizing wife beating to appease the Orthodox Church. 
I don't disagree at all. The courts are ridiculous with some of these guys. He's long dead now and he was close to 80 when I was seeing him. But even at 80, this guy reeked of pure evil. I've only ever felt similarly to this guy, in his presence, one other time in my life, and that was dealing with a serial killer. My personal opinion is that sex offenders, particularly sexual predators (they tend to water down the term offender now), are incapable of rehabilitation. I strongly support the death penalty for sex predators of children.
No. He was from south Florida. But these guys are pretty similarly wired from my interactions with them.
Some would say it's a fetish...  But that's not what it is...
Why did you grab the lube which they did not ask you to?
Yes :(
no, go on..
Username checks out.
He's gotta write a song about how he does not diddle kids
I haven't watched the full documentary just the last 15 minutes but this case makes me think about  the Manson Family murders. If this guy could completely brainwash these kids and adults are the Manson Cult really to blame for the murders. Manson clearly took advantage of his followers.  
That's horrifying. 
I don't understand. I don't have kids yet, but when I do, I can't imagine any kind of pressure that would make me sign over custody. I would move the fuck away from that psycho and get those kids into therapy asap!
Imagine hearing your kid say that to you.
but not really
Something something something sodomy 
They have a different kind of burning bush. 
The other woman was clearly crying. The first one? Not seeing that clearly.
Freudian slip-in? :D
Cucked by a monk, and then by Burger King.  
This is rage, nothing cringing about it.
/r/sadcringe for more of that
Google Wayne Bent. The leader got arrested and is now a registered sex offender. He was released from prison last year and wrote a book. No updates on the son that I could see.
Them all.
there is such a place, its called Earth.
I say we call it Hell
*woosh*
the thing is though, I know brainwashing is very powerful but the wife was clearly into it and the son is a grown human. He can leave and find someone who won't fuck his own father.
Yeah, honestly I wanted to American History X his prick face after seeing that. This dude is no different from Manson or Jim Jones. 
I watched the full documentary and his son just seems like such a good guy, I could be totally wrong but I just feel sick for him.
Yeah after reading /u/loki1887's comment and thinking about it more, it's definitely sad. That said I'll still admit at the time I first saw it, it was absolutely hysterical. At least let me have that moment. Also I think it would be gut-busting*ly*, not gut busting.
I had to laugh too. For me it was how unexpected that break in character was. You know he's full of shit, and he knows you know he's full of shit, but you're still expecting him to hide it. And then he just smirks, like he's almost turning to the camera and winking. It's ludicrous. 
No, they don't know he's full of shit. They are utterly convinced that God has merely required a hard thing of them, but if they endure to the end, they will be rewarded.
Just watch from the timestamp that the OP provided.
When he went on with you don't just consummate once with your wife... I was hoping the interviewer would point out it wasn't his wife - it was his sons.
Oh you should keep going. The blonde girl also mentions how her Mom warned her that Michael was disgusting, perverted, and gross but how she knows it's not true.
I never understand brainwashing like this, kids sure but its the adults who go along with it. I could never see myseld right being tricked even by my own parents.
[deleted]
I wish god would tell them to shoot themselves in the face instead. 
because god doesnt exist and a lot of grown up people want to fuck kids
the greek gods are still alive!
Is that...Charlie is that the speech from JAWS?
I appreciate a well timed reference. Have an upvote man-who-chases-time.
>When he comes after ya, he doesnt seem to be livin until he bites ya, and those black eyes roll over white, and then  aww, then you hear that terrible high-pitch screamin, the ocean turns red, and in spite of all the poundin and the hollerin, they all come in and rip ya to pieces
It's almost like they're directly related or something.
Mfw I have a Roman nose and high cheekbones
Love it, it works for me!
He's blinking just as frequently as anybody would.
Yes!! Those eyes! This guy terrifies me for some reason. 
If you liked that, then maybe you will also like the [exit statement compilation](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wHz9it70TdI). Two hours of cult members expresssing how lucky they are to be about to enter the next level (kill themselves).
The scariest part is just how good he is at rationalizing his opinion. I'll only join if he has kool-aid.
Don't you wanna be a cult leader?
Michelle Buckman is worse. 
I have no idea how they got there they just magically appeared, like a miracle, umm I mean like a miracle from Satan while she's just covered in blood. 
It's true her and Feinstein do have a touch of that too, but nowhere near as vapidly empty as DeVos. 
Agreed and point well made. Rape is a little strong. Slutty is just such a stupid overused term. 
It could be questioned whether actions taken as a result of being brainwashed count as valid consent.
She's using it as an excuse because she's brainwashed. That's the thing. She is so far gone that this dude could literally do anything to her and she would allow it. That doesn't mean it's not rape, or abuse. He's already mentally abused her to this point in the first place.
lol she said god told her to go to his house and she knew if he asked her inside she would ask for his wang. These people are scumbags
You should be a detective 
South American, to be exact.    ..and it's Mr. Lopez to you.
Jesus is a white Southern man. 
Yeah not saying it's the best fun cringe. But it's cringe. 
Could you not just answer that question yourself?
Nj 
material lust, not sexual lust
It's linked (wiki) in a parent comment in this thread somewhere. Not too hard to find. 
Farms in South FL? Must've been out west a ways. 
It's a popular TV show where an amazing, brilliant kid has a wonderful laboratory and his stupid sister always fucks it up.I think they're implying the kid should become a cult leader
Yep, although If I remember correctly, the Literature suggested that it is hirarchical Family structures in general. Moonies, evangelicals, muslims, Military fathers who take discipline too far. Ofcourse extremly Christian families are a Lot more Common in the US tho. Being able to justify it is, from what I read, Not that important once somebody goes that far. Being in a Position of Power is what is important. 
I can't remember who said it, but paraphrasing; the worst kind of villain is the one who commits acts of evil with the belief that they are truly doing good to others. I think a lot of these types of people actually believe that some of the things that they're doing are good or justified. imo that makes it a ton scarier.  
Play authoritarian games, win authoritarian prizes
What does pure evil reek ofI imagine onion
You really don't think there can ever be rehab on sex offenders or predators?
Wasn't there a serial offender that actually asled for the death penalty with the explanation that he thought something was wrong with him. He didn't believe he could be rehabilitated.
God does not ask, he makes one writhe on the floor and demand the lube.
Classical conditioning
Is your name a reference to weed, the stormlight archives or neither?
or hang around with a mortician, not all sketchy....
 Do not diddle kids, it's no good diddling kids  My favorite 'It's Always Sunny' episode of all time. The Yankee Doodle scene gets my girlfriend and I roaring everytime.
...Well yeah. Just because someone is super charming and convincing, isn't really an excuse for you to brutally murder a household of people. 
I agree completely, but for context:  The girl was the granddaughter of the cult leader. Her mother was the cult leader's daughter.  The mother raised the girl in the cult. The mother finally left the cult and took her children with her.  The girl believed that her mother had been corrupted by the outside world. The girl refused to eat until her mother signed custody rights over to her grandfather (cult leader).  The girl chose to starve if she had to stay with her mother.  The mother let the girl go back to the cult by signing custody rights over to the grandfather (cult leader).  This is how and why cults work.
but bush did 9/11 tho.
My bad, I thought you were referring the father's wife. 
[He was released in February last year it seems ](https://www.abqjournal.com/724888/religious-sect-leader-wayne-bent-is-out-of-prison.html)
Have you been shopping cults or something?
>I know brainwashing is very powerful>He can leave and find someone who won't fuck his own father.Can he, though? I know it's hard to grasp because you or I aren't in that state of mind but it's his father. He's probably been indoctrinated since birth. That's damn hard to break especially if you've never known another way of being. Just think of the people in the normal religions that are a little to into it.
Not how brainwashing and manipulation work, chief. You can say he's weak-minded, but only an inhumane sociopath would fail to have some empathy for him. 
Women are not to be trusted. 
i haven't looked into this travasser character, but has he killed or ordered to kill? that's a difference.
But only for a moment, then the moments gone
Time stamp isn't working on mobile for me
Dude, the guy doesn't think anyone is sending him a message. He is telling other people he believes he is being sent a message. Big Difference.
If you believe in the Christian god, you're taught to expect tests like murdering your own son cause he said to. Banging your sons wife is still a far cry from that
I'd suggest watching it so you don't think it's anything supernatural and indeed what it is, is that grown man has tricked himself and others around himself that he's the messiah and god tells him it's ok to fuck 14yos when, after he suggests it, they go and gets naked in his bed, thinking it's their own choice. 
I mean, that does happen to other people. 
there are no gods, its up to us to stop this shit
We don't have time for this shit
Not for how wide he's holding his eyes open. Hold yours that wide and see how often you blink.
He's looking at your soul!
Fuck, that's some scary shit.
Cult leaders are master persuaders. That's all they need. People are guilable and have confirmation bias to believe it easily. 
yes
Bachmann?
I agree, but to me it seems they both wanted it and the prophecy was just convenience and a good excuse. By that logic are all the Moonie wives raped?
Precisely. 
What's 'brainwashing' then? I mean, is any religion brainwashing? At then end of the day these people are adults.
I dunno, that is possible but by the looks of it, it seems like they just made up an excuse to have an affair. Could be abuse but wouldn't her husband pick up on it and they would move or something? idk the whole thing is weird 
k
Oh... the twist.
Pack it up boys; /u/blorgbots has won the thread. *cue Zulu warrior shield surrender dance*
I think it's a bit of power our influence, coupled with a certain charisma. The charisma fuels manipulation.
It's more of a gut feeling than a smell. But if I had to make an association.... I'd say either baby diaper or heavily sulfur laden.... Like eggs..... Maybe gouda cheese....
onion and sulfur maybe a hint of pig shit
If, when you say sex offender, you are including adolescent kids who get charged with something like statutory rape, or general youth or young adult offenses like questionable consent cases, yes, I think they can be rehabilitated. However, if you are talking about long term sexual manipulation of a child, or violent sexual battery involving force, threat of death, or ambush style attacks, then, no. I do not believe, based on my own experience, that there is any real hope in rehab attempts. Most of the time it's not if they'll reoffend, but when. Furthermore, very seldom is the damage done to a child victim ever really effectively quantified. And the punishment of the criminal is often far shorter than the psychological effects caused by the crime. In the case of a violent sexual predator, they are sociopaths. They will not get better, they will reoffend. The attacks aren't sexual, they're domination based. Perhaps they'll lay low for a bit, but that compulsion will manifest itself and they will almost certainly escalate further over time. 
Probably, I've heard those statements made before.
I'm sure he would rather bang his daughter, on account of her being taller; not with a little kid 
But a Bush can't melt steel beams.
lol, j/k. jews did it. 
Dank peens can't melt cult vageens
We are all the father's wife.
Is that the son and his wife? http://i.dailymail.co.uk/i/pix/2016/01/26/20/309A2ADE00000578-0-image-a-102_1453840819933.jpg
Just window shopping. I'm not buying.
Yep. Nobody should be giving themselves too much credit for being smart enough to spot that and know how to break away. People are heavily influenced by the culture they grew up in, and it significantly alters the choices we have to make and how we make them. 
That and if you're that deep in a cult it's highly unlikely you have any money, work experience or outside contacts to set up your independent life
No, he hasn't. But he's still a convicted pedophile who smiles on camera  knowing he gets away with the rape of his own sons wife. That smug prick rightfully deserves a curb stomp, American History X style. 
All we are is cults in the wind 
28:45 to about 32min is the sweet spot.
I just got 2 minutes 37 seconds. beat that
Yes. 
I don't know what a Moonie is. But from what I've heard from some women who have left cults, I think it's true that many women who are wives in cults have been brainwashed and are not giving valid consent to their situation.
You just have to listen to interviews of ex-cult members to understand how it's rape. It's all too common and very fucked up
Huh?  They're all brainwashed, that's the point here.  This guy could convince these people to cut each other's throats with smiles on.  Rationality is long gone.
Is there studies to support this? If so, how would a person that doesn't believe in capital punishment go about this? 
welp thats good for now, see u in 2000 years
Speak for yourself 
https://imgur.com/JZHTFcw
The son looks so much healthier for being away from his father. He's put on weight and hasn't got such a grey look about him. His eyes don't say kill me, please as much as they did either. 
Yes it is
It can alter natural knee jerk reactions to things. Like, in my old religion, if a woman is raped at one of the colleges, she would get in trouble for breaking the honor code and the guy? He might get reprimanded, maybe. Or he might be allowed to play the next ball game because he's got that priesthood. As a result of this, the college reports low instances of rape. People think it's great. Unfortunately the truth is, women don't come out for fear of losing their credits, scholarships, or get kicked out of the school.
Hey I agree with you and I felt the same way watching the video, but I'd just like to point out that it doesn't appear as though he raped her. It's more like they both claim to have had the same premonition separate of each other that god wanted them to have sex. She says she had the premonition and she thought to herself that she would go over to his house and if he invited her in, she would have sex with him. So basically what happened is they started having an affair and then were like Oh God made us do it. Disgusting people.
I haven't blinked my whole life
Life in prison?
There are a ton of studies about recidivism in sex offenses. They typically break them down by type. The most common repeat offenders are male suspects to male victims, officially speaking. Anecdotally, which is where most detectives who have worked in this field probably base there opinions, those reports differ greatly from what we typically see in our follow-up supervision. Sex offenders, particularly the serial offenders, aren't lacking in intelligence, most of the time. The more sophisticated the ruse, the more they learn from their mistakes. They are the monsters that moms and dads tell their children about on camping trips.Most of the time you can see the deception, the acting that these guys are putting on so you'll check your check boxes for the state and move along. I feel that many of the sophisticated ones are just cautious not to repeat prior mistakes that got them caught the first time. This is a crime of nuance, strategy, and manipulation..... That kind of ego boost is an addiction. 
Hey its me ur michael
I am all father's wife :')
[deleted]
That's sweet...Looks like they still love the old guy.
Bloody hell, that's sad. 
I want to follow you and let you sleep with my wife.
He didn't seem like a bad guy and it's heart breaking what his father has done to him. I also can't imagine that he feel absolutely no betrayal by his wife. She is obviously severely brain washed too, but she wasn't exactly looking unhappy about the fact she fucked the dad multiple times. Both spouses looked pretty devastated by the whole thing. Argh, makes me want a shower. I feel dirty from just seeing the dads creepy smiles. And the way he was holding that teenage girls hand on the bench outside was just plain wrong.
When John is given a prophecy on high to rape you multiple times of course you love him 
You are welcome to follow me, my child. _ 
I havn't laught that hard in a long time.  You captured that blank look so well.
wo this gu fucks
Savage!
Reminds me exactly like the Little Britain skit with the teacher's assistant who has to describe the student to the teacher on the phone. https://youtu.be/J7AM78BNuq4
absolute mad man
Sad, maybe she has  alopecia or cancer :/
r/madlads
eh. it's not something I do myself but drawing colorful/unusual eyebrows on with makeup is a huge trend right now, some women are even purposely shaving their eyebrows so they can experiment with funky eyebrows.[example 1](https://www.thesun.co.uk/wp-content/uploads/2016/10/nintchdbpict000275177225.jpg?w=957&strip=all)[example 2](https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/564x/f3/99/98/f3999858fb502fb62a76f7d7665eac3c.jpg)so if she's interested in this type of unusual fashion then she probably doesn't think it's embarrassing. hope that makes you feel less awkward!
were her eye brows different the second time or something?
Is this university in one of the states bordering Mexico?
Jalopenopecia?
Not if she came in with normal eyebrows the second time.
Fuck this degenerate Earth
Yeah I thought she had hair the second time
>Then I notice her eyebrows. Oh yes! I remember,...That doesn't imply normal to me tho
Maybe she came in with no eyebrows at all? Or came in with them done a lot more realistically.Edit: [Example of realistic drawn brows on a cancer patient](https://www.suburbanturban.com/media/wysiwyg/lounge/Press/eyebrows-07.jpg)[Example of paint-on powerbrow, overdone imo](https://i.ytimg.com/vi/J6aAjwwWQEk/hqdefault.jpg)
Getting super offended by trends in art and fashion that you don't like, and calling them degenerate? [This sounds familiar](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Degenerate_art).
Ah yes I guess so.
This is like weaponized cringe
I was expecting cringe, I figured itd just be some douche trying to be funny.But this made me physically uncomfortable on another level for some reason. Something so simple, yet mindblowingly uncomfortable
This is the extent he will go to just so he can truthfully say actually, at my last performance people paid for their tickets and most of the seats were taken. So don't tell me this isn't a job, mom.
Dude I finally learnt all the lyrics to Lose Yourself!Cool.Yeah man I'm gonna show everyone on the train my new talent!Jeez Chad, not this again... *wips out camera**Come back next week for Chad's^intervention*
This is why I don't take public transport
If you close your eyes you feel like your at a Eminem concert.
This guy is tone deaf and hears himself exactly like the way Eminem raps the song.
He didn't even know all the words
Alright, now let's do the next car!
He wasn't going to just let this opportunity slip 
I buried my head in my hand the entire video. 
Here's his video response: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z7Rxa-D0HMkHe's charming actually.
This made me visually upset. 
Gotta watch the RESPONSE TO THE HATERS!
Hold onto to your hats people, not only is it comin' but it's real too.  Holy shit, what a ride we're all about to embark on.
Australians are notoriously quiet when it comes to crowd participation. When a speaker asks a group of us a question, expecting an answer, we will literally stare at them until they answer their own question and keep talking. We hate crowd participation unless a LOT of alcohol is involved, or it's a dare to try and jump over Dazza's ute while he rips a fat set in the Macca's car park after lockout. This is what you saw here, we despise people who do shit like this because honestly it's too fucking hot and we just want to be left alone. Don't ask me a question in front of an audience because I'm not gonna talk and don't try and get me singing along to Eminem because I don't want to. 
There is something about rap. When people sing it, I get cringey.
This is a parody I find quite entertaining. Americans vs Aussies: RAP BATTLEhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1Cv2LqZwQUs&t=13s
Made it to his palms are sweaty and had to give up
What is it about public transport that attracts nut jobs and shit like this. I just watched a video of a dude on a subway ferociously licking his shoe. 
Jesus...
YO IT'S REALSeriously?
That baby couldn't handle.
For a second I thought this was UpliftingNews lmao
Some day he's still rapping to this day. 
Why?
his trousers are too long
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_gdaZdB3i_UHis most recent video...
Emphasis on mom's spaghetti 
See, i believe this sub must have desensitized me. Few things makes me curl up anymore. I could sit through this whole vid without looking away, a couple of years ago this wouldve been a ctrl-w shortly after he started rapping
Ah this is that good tingly chills on your body kind of cringe.
Yea, it's coming alright.. Edit: I watched it a second time there, ya know it actually manages to get worse... 
Normal day on the Boston red line. 
he [responded](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=z7Rxa-D0HMk) to the haters. 
His other videos are equally cringey. The one where he's in a classroom and pretends to flip out over Dr. Dre is almost as bad, IMO.
The baby gurgling at the end of the video really cements the cringe.
At [0:29](https://youtu.be/4Gr3FQbeOAc?t=29) if you look he waves at the cameraman to come towards him, the huge distraction causes our maestro to briefly lose his flow, then the cameraman just ignores it anyway
He should just rap in the shower like the rest of us
I felt this one in my core
This is pretty douchey but I honestly wouldn't have a problem with it if someone started doing this while I was on a bus or train. It would make for a funny story, and I'm a big Eminem fan. As long as the person got all the words right, I'd be cool with it.
that was refined cringe extract.
they were probably like: dude it would be so EPIC to rap lose yourself in public, LETS GET THIS VIRAL
Gotta be frankston line, go the franga.
Mom's spaghetti. 
Don't be Melbourne, don't be Melbourne.Fuck!
Australians are incapable of rapping 
I got chili-cheese off this.(When you see something so cheesy you get chills.)
The douchy look, people just smiling waiting for it to end, him mistaking it for approval... Then thinking his performance was good enough to promote his shitty entertainment group at the end? Yep, that's too much for me. By this video and his others on this channel, I almost think it's intentional but [then there's this](https://youtu.be/yPdKy1iY84w) (notice the framed picture on the wall). So whether it is or it isn't, [his attempts to go viral](https://youtu.be/jU9MaAgerSE) are just painful. Dude needs to snap back to reality.
Oh yes, I was outta there in about 3 seconds. I love a good cringe, but I don't have the stomach for the real stuff.
aussie hiphop does that pretty well
he certainly is a weapon
why did he have to scream so loud ?
Yup anything with Slim Shady makes me cringe hard. 
That feeling is cringe. 
you sound like a connoisseur of fine cringe
Man, I'd much rather have a dude singing Eminem lyrics than some of the actual shit (literal shit) that goes down on public transport.
These are Melbourne trains and they aren't always this bad, you'll get idiots like him on the odd occasion. But for those times you just tune out with headphones.
After that they literally, they gave me applause, my camcorder didn't catch that but they didAlright mate I believe you
I think the response video is more cringe-inducing than the original post
If you don't watch more than 3 secs you won't see how it progresses. A dragon may appear!!!!!!!!!!!! (it doesn't)
A video response? That's a feature I haven't heard of in a while
Splash! You feel gud???https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cFPUqXrztS8
You obviously haven't heard of Hilltop Hoods or Bliss N' Eso.
Bruh...other people can actually see what you post on here, you know.
He snapped back to reality. Oops, there goes gravity.
That Changes remix was just brutal. 
he's rapping about the hardships of living in the Melbourne suburbs
Yea he totally is serious! The changes remix! That picture on the wall! His extra pictures of him as a kid added in... that shit was cringey as hell! But tbh some of those rap a taps weren't terrible :p
Kids never really sampled deep cringe, it's all new to him. 
wtf!!!  this wasn't rap, thats called epilepsy 
[What she was trying to do](https://youtu.be/B5eT6TaEtPI)
Yeah, you yanks can keep her, we don't want her back. 
WTF put a warning label on that shit.**COULD. NOT. WATCH.**
Nah we haven't 
When I catch a fish I put it in the fridgeWhen I get home I'm gonna play some didge
Oh shit. I hate myself now.
Maybe there is hope for this sub. Maybe people will finally start maturing the meaning of cringe. Maybe...
Hilltop hoods are really really good. We have other good hip hop artists too, and our fair share of cringey ones. So does 'merica 
[Here's a link to one of my favorite songs by Hilltop Hoods](https://youtu.be/Hpz__0-DnSQ). I also like the group [Triple One]( https://youtu.be/YGfLfvjc5A4?&t=42) but know they're not for everyone. 
Well that explains it.
I mean...you've got the right subreddit.
> Hilltop hoods are really really goodright...
You forgot [this](https://youtu.be/FoUvFFeXdug) guy.
This is great cringe have an upvote.
I don't condone this song as a representation of hilltop hoods being good. I should've mentioned that they used to be a lot better [This](https://youtu.be/a53f1vi8d-w) is an awesome song 
[deleted]
Haters gonna hate
He can't be serious...
>[**Beatboxing Didgeridoo - Wilcannia Mob - Down River [2:38]**](http://youtu.be/GQgIk3fV8zI)> [*^Walnutz*](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC9-Zjwg4Fn6Mckq8WPC6juA) ^in ^Music>*^95,672 ^views ^since ^Aug ^2009*[^bot ^info](/r/youtubefactsbot/wiki/index)
The reason I posted it was when Ramsay puts his hand on her arm to get her attention, waits for it, and then drops the very poorly executed line. She says, I never scream like that in real life. Ramsay replies, Only in the bedroom. uuughhh
I was trying to find a specific clip of Ramsay in a similar situation, but all I could do was this [horrific video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Voo_U6ttRB8). The Ramsay cringe is in the first 7 seconds, after that the video itself is the cringe.
The real cringe here is Leno.What a fucking buffoon.
Wow she seems really weird. Like shes just saying stupid shit that sexual every so often, then gets up and shows off her body :/
She's deadly. No cringe in my view
I feel like this would be less cringey with a British crowd. Lewd humor doesn't go over well here 
They're all being disgusting and cringey, imo.
Damn Gordon, have some class and restraint 
The title needs some work. But that definitely was cringey when he said only in the bedroom
Ewww I just lost so much respect for him. He just kept pushing it further and further with the touching he pretty much smacked the side of her ass. 
The cringe is all over the place, she's setting up sexual jokes but shutting them down when somebody delivers the punchline, and the joke about her knees which only served for her to shake her ass, but Gordon just doesn't know when to stop.
The hosts comment had already played out the yes this guest is hot card' with his line, Gordon then one upping it with a screaming joke was too much, and horribly executed with that weird wrist touch. 8/10 would cringe again
So she's won an award for being a good actor and they have her in this show to look through bikini pics and make fun of her accent? Do people think this is fine? Wow.
What a knockout.
She lalmost definetly gets stuff said to her like that all day long. That's why I love her. She always has such a good attitude.
Ramsay's a creeper. 
Dogs, ain't Ramsay married!?   
Ramsay is 110% on crystal methamphetamine
Ramsay, when he is not showing off, humiliating or insulting someone, he's just a tasteless, unclassy creep that can't stay a minute without swearing. 
Downvoted, no shit. Why does this website have a hard-on for that pug-faced Pommy dickhead?
i hate to break it to folk but hes got a rep for being a sex pest- cheated on his missus with some really ropey bird- had an affair for 7 years
Sofia is an embarrassment by herself, but Ramsey is a douchebag.
And that she can't run because she would knock herself out. Just ew.
He can't stop touching her. Even slapping/swiping her ass at the end.   And he just had to spit the thing out... Really? Ramsay is a a bit a of a tit and it's not just hammed up for US TV. Look up Boiling point and you can see that he has actually been a right knob right from the start. 
Hahaha; I had no idea he was such a creep.
horrific
yeah she was setting it up for him. i mean  i never scream like that , i love bananas. really? thats why gordon goes whaaat, when crowd boos
Remember your family!
Yeah gordons just like wtf is up with this chick
Pretty sure she could walk down almost any street in America and get the same reaction. Don't think I've ever even heard of this chick before this video. 
Shit post. Title makes it seem like she went around to multiple people looking for recognition. She asked one dude. Fuck out of here with your bs titles. I'm aware of her, but she doesn't have a cringe worthy personality in this video at all. She also clearly took time to learn Japanese in this video and I find that respectable. 
Even more cringe worthy, she once done a concert in a [near-empty arena](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hs_Gx416zw0).
I mean, she has ONE notable song and she needed major features (Kanye, Ne-Yo)
Beyonce fans draw energy from this video
LOL im from NA and i dont know who the fuck she is
She does a lot of song writing for other big name artists, and usually the writers get no where near the fame as the performers.  Most of her most memorable performances when she did sing were with her being featured alongside another big name, such as with Timbaland for The Way I Are.  I would also say most of the time when she was in the limelight was around the mid-late 2000s, and again she was still in the shadows for the most part.
Cute.
Who the hell is she?
This is bad. Real bad. Michael Jackson.
Maybe she should check to make sure shes more famous than she thought before asking people if they know her.. especially in japan
She seems nice at least.One time, this guy came up to me when I was a server and starting mocking me for not recognizing him. Turns out he was some old washed up sports star for a local college. Shoulda told him he got too fat too recognize, lol. Just a temporary job anyway...
I don't know who she is either
I don't know who she is either
Ah, nothing like watching mediocre, self-absorbed people doing mediocre, self-absorbed things.
I heard her song but didn't know her name or look.
Her claim to fame is being featured in the hook on Timbaland's jam [The Way I are](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U5rLz5AZBIA). It was a solid jam in the summer of '09 but haven't heard anything from her since...
clearly took time to say supa kawaiii
I agree. 
This makes me sad
That's so awkward.. Why are the people staying in their far away seats, is be moving up. 
To be fair to her, there's a chance that she was an early opening act or this happened at a festival. I find it hard to believe that she would be allowed to headline a stadium tour or concert. She had a couple hit songs years ago, but nothing to warrant a stadium style concert nowadays. 
Wtf is this shit lol. Why wasn't the show just cancelled, or moved to a smaller venue where gate revenue might actually cover the event's overhead 
I mean to be fair, I would be blessed to have that many people come out to see me perform if I did what she did. 
We found her one fan
Motivation with lil wayne was pretty big
Pretty girl rock was pretty popular
[I Like is a pretty cool song of hers.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fpoIxKkJ1G4)
lmao this should be the top comment
as a 33 year old guy from NA, i too have no idea who this person is. 
Oh you must be 16. She was a pop-star, now forgotten.
Huh, she seems like one of those artists who's music everyone's most likely heard but just no one knows it's her. From the songs people have mentioned or linked to in the thread I've actually heard a lot of her songs but still don't remember her.
Starlord man.
Nah I'm mad, real mad Joe Jackson
Not very sure, but I think this program take celebrities in town to see if people recognize them. 
> mediocreDo you know who this is?
What the hell is going on. I feel like I watched a completely different video from everyone else. She was very charming and personable in this video I thought. When her song was playing inside the store she was standing outside of, she playfully asked someone if he knew who he was and was friendly when he said no.
yeah i know her music but if she walked by me on the street i'd just think she was a hot chick.
Knock you Down (The song where they were showing clips with her and Kanye West) was huge.
Oh that was Keri Hilson? I thought it was just a random chick... Solid track though. 
dude holy shit I was not prepared for this nostalgia trip lmao. fuck man i miss those days.
Mild correction, The Way I Are came out back in 2007 or a decade ago, so a tiny bit older than that (geez, it's been that long already?).  
[She's also written songs for other artists as well](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Category:Songs_written_by_Keri_Hilson)I know she and Neyo are similar in that regard. Plus, she used to date NBA player Serge Ibaka. 
Why? She probably made our annual income that night. 
That looks like she's an opening act. That's how it always is for the first few opening acts. 
she's probably not headlining
the song is literally in the video...
I think that was Kelly Rowland though.Unless you meant it to be a no idea who she is kind of joke.
DON'T HATE ME CUZ I'M BEAUTIFUL
I actually remember this one! Still didn't remember her, though D:
Well it's not, so what now?
I'm 32... no clue
I just looked her up. It looks like I know all the people she's collaborated with, but not her. 
Legendary outlaw.
It's a general show about Japanese fashion. & she only asked one person lol. 
No one actually watched the video. They're just submitting safe comments to get karma
Smoke some more pot bruh 
She said 100,000$   
She has written a lot of songs for a lot of major artists so she probably makes most of her money from that. 
Man I still have the whole Kanye rap from that song memorized. Same with his verse in American Boy. Great songs from my mid-college years.
Nah man, didn't she also do Monster with Eminem? She's pretty big imo
I'm pretty sure nobody commenting here actually watched the damn video
hahaha why do you say that? I'm tryin to quit mang :/
whether you're louis vuitton up or reebokin best opener
Monster was Rihanna dude
Hahaha 
Yeah, Keri Hilson sang Jolene
This bit was planned ahead of time and De Niro would have been fully aware of it and approved taking part in it.What you think is him not wanting to go along with the bit is just De Niro being De Niro.
That was uncomfortable and unfunny at the same time.
Are you referring to the start? Because I didn't find it cringy, his faced was more like Oh we're going up? Shit I cbf..okay let's do this then.
im gonna punch trump in de face i tells you, hes a punk, dont vote for him, mamma mia
Colbert is losing it 
About as cringey as a typical Colbert bit.What a disgrace that he's in the same building as Sullivan and Letterman.
I don't know man, his nonchalant, cool-guy attitude is his trademark. I thought it was pretty funny because it's just like how he acts in any movie he's in - it's just his personality
Colbert is such an annoying, arrogant idiot. I really don't understand how can people honestly believe that he or his show are funny.
First dude in crowd missed high five, we should have separate subreddit for high five related cringes.
Him on letterman was legendary
He hates Trump with a passion. I'm sure he was done after that
It's not a cringey video per se, but that part was a very subtle moment of cringe. 
Never had it
I think you're on to something good here. 
/r/LeftHanging/
More of a reason to rub it in his face for the next 8 years, the memes are writing themselves at this point
Yeah I guess it was a subtle moment.
I mean this in the kindest way possible. You might want to talk to someone. Common life occurrences (even slightly awkward ones) shouldn't be this stressful for you.
Step 1. Identify yourself as an adult humanStep 2. Deep breath Step 3. Grow some fucking balls Step 4. Profit?
May I suggest prozac.
You gotta commit man
are you sure you dont have special needs too? is it that hard to just say sorry it was an accident ?
Bro you are feeble 
This is what happens when you spend too much time 'in your head'
Give him a coffee (or coffee place giftcard) next time you see him and apologize and explain yourself... I'm sure he'd appreciate that.
Wow ... lucky the mailman didn't happen to show up at the same time -- you would have given yourself stroke!Breathe, bud.  It's going to be ok. 
> Something about standing next to a guy hauling around my trash is uncomfortable to me.Uh, why? Unless you're throwing away a collection of rotting sex toys or something else embarrassing/incriminating, he doesn't care who's trash it is. It's his job.  I would assume this makes you uncomfortable because you view yourself above him in socioeconomic status since his job is to pick up your trash, but that doesn't make him any less of a human; it just makes you sound like a shallow, weak person living in a safe space.  Grow a spine.  I seriously think you need to speak to a mental health professional stat.
I'm seeing a lot of negativity in these comments. Anxiety is a real and troubling thing, I recommend OP take steps, whatever he prefers, to deal with it. I've been in situations like this and the anxiety is crippling, and you realize it's irrational and that just makes you feel even worse leading to more confusion and bad split-decision making. Tone it down guys, sounds like OP has enough on his plate. Edit: typos
It's really not that serious man, should've just went right over and explained 
*Ahem* I ... err ... could you ... Are you fucking sorry ?
Bro are people really this afraid of anything? Holy moly you sound so awkward.
Hey OP. I mean this in the nicest way possible. You may want to seek help.  You're exhibiting a lot of signs of OCD and anxiety.  My dad has somewhat severe OCD and anxiety and it reminds me a lot of how he deals with things.  Extreme rigidity, uncomfortableness with normal things but some strange rationalizing behind it (like you not wanting to go outside and stand by the garbage man). Quick to embarrassment and panic. Etc.  These are all signs of some kind of issue that usually isn't easy to spot as outwardly you seem fine.  Your wife probably is used to it as you didn't let her know about your quirks until further in the relationship and by then she was a little desensitized to it.  But my dad texts my mom for literally every thing and to her it's just normal. To us, her children, it's absolute insanity.Better safe than sorry, you know. Life could be a lot easier if you get checked out!
Dude how did you even reproduced? 
It's not just your daughter who's special needs.
I'm confused. Was the post the cringe part or was the actual event described in the post the cringe part?
How did you ever find a woman willing to not only sleep with you, but reproduce with you?Thanks for sharing, this was hilarious to read.
I'm awkward and afraid too but I usually just say sorry regardless of the problem unless it was a car accident. 
Wtf OP? Way to set a confident, assertive example for your daughter. 
Meditate. Journal. Therapy. Exercise. Stop watching porn. 
i wasnt aware autism was genetic
Leave a six pack with a note if you can't confront him.  Then do it every Christmas.   
I was diagnosed with anxiety and depression, and got prescribed escitalopram for it. Before using it, I had anxiety that is similar to yours in this story. After using it, in your shoes I wouldn't have found any reason to wait around to avoid the trash man. I know where you're coming from. I understand it. There is help out there. Life is better without so much anxiety.
No offense but you're kind of a pussy.
I'm uncomfortable not only because of your social incompetence, but also because of how much of myself I see in this post
[deleted]
This reads like a green text. Op is a robot. 
Real cringe is the comment section here. It's awkward as fuck to accidentally honk at someone.
Just wave back or give him a thumbs up
Lmao you might be special needs man, seriously that is cringe upon cringe, and you had plenty of time to take a moment and regain composure.That said, I recommend dropping a box of donuts off at the depot next garbage day, with a from the guy who accidentally honked at you like an asshole :) scribbled on top
I am just like you. I let stupid stuff like that destroy me. Being stressed out over little things sucks. 
Used to be a garbage man. Just smile, apologise and be honest, we won't bite your head off. BTW if anyone does honk us impatiently (happens sometimes), we'll just make sure to take twice as long, cycle the compactor a few extra times etc.
Is it just your child that's special needs?
You say your daughter is the special needs one huh? :-D
Hate to break it to you,  but you're also special needs. 
You spaghetti'd hard
Most of these texts posts are so pathetic, not like it ruins your day when someone honks in your vicinity, and you had to do was be like woops!Not cringe just shit happens
Jesus christ you're a wimp
That's it, you need to find somewhere else to live. Possibly a new identity too.
I pick garbage for a small company. Just wave to him, or say sorry. We don't really care. We're just doing a job and wanting to get done.
I had an awkward garbage man experience as well. Getting out of my car on a hot Louisiana day the garbage bros asked if I had something cold to drink. Thinking I still had some bottled water or soda I said sure no problem, one sec. Once i get in I realize im all out of soda and felt it'd be 2 awkward to give them ice water because they'd think i did something to it.I just peeked outside my window for about the ten minutes they just sat there waiting. I hated myself for every second. 
Did he dump garbage all over your yard after?
Fuark! Talk about being a beta male! You need to stop ejaculating bro!
[deleted]
Next time you see him, wave hello and if he waves hello back go up to him and say you're sorry about honking at him the last time. Don't overthink it, just do it. 
Uhh...
How have you managed to reproduce?
This is more sad than cringe
this guy could be a Fargo character
this was the most pathetic thing i've ever read.What the hell? How did you have a child without balls? LOL
Dude, all these comments are fucked up. I understand because the trash truck when you presumably just woke up (your hearing is more sensitive) and whatever the fuck else was going on amidst your street was super loud. Of course you don't want to attempt to shout over the commotion a quick explanation Sorry! Accident! and hope the guy understands while he quickly locked eyes with you. LOL. Everyone here is the best human ever apparently.
stop having children
You got beat up a lot in high school didn't you?
Grow a pair
Are you sure you in proper condition to be looking after a child, if everyday situations make you this anxious? I mean come on, the guy probably could care less.
Did you happen to vote for Hillary in this election
Take some LSD it will really change your perspective on life and clear up some of that crippling social anxiety.
I suffer from severe anxiety and depression and this is my day to day. OP needs to get help 
OP this please. not only should you seek help for your sake, but also for those that you love around you 
Not to self diagnose, but this sounds like something would do and how I'd react, and social anxiety sounds pretty plausible for me. And then the alternate me would open the door to explain myself but then it would somehow make absolutely no sense and I would regret trying to explain myself.
ahh the ol reddit psychiatrist comment. gotta love it
Keep your insulting advice to yourself
I just cracked up laughing when he said he feels uncomfortable standing next to the trashman. Like, what the hell, haha.
I don't know if you're saying this endearingly or just being an asshole,  but this is the only real advice that has helped me with social anxiety. 
OP's decision to bear a child with special-needs while he himself has special-needs is child abuse and should spend 6+ years in prision.
you may, if you don't want his dick to work for about a year after discontinuing use.
He did. He committed to doing it all wrong and honestly, I think his failure in the most basic of human interactions was a stunning success. I applaud his commitment.
Savage.
*beta
I bet this guy is absolutely terrifying if he was defending the honor of someone besides himself that he cared about. The quiet ones have the most to unleash given the appropriate provocation. 
either appreciate it or op will chicken out again while reaching into his pocket and look like a psycho with a concealed handgun.
if you can't muster the courage to talk to him in person, leave a six pack and a note
At this point im pretty sure op would walk up to him coffee in hand, legs trembling, and mermer something he can't understand. In a panic throw the coffee at him and run back to his house. 
Anxiety is absolutely terrible. Doesn't make it easier to know there's no reason to act that way, and then get ridiculed for acting that way. I feel bad for OP, there's many individuals out there who could really benefit from anxiety counseling and/or medication 
Anxiety is real and everyone has it. This is just immaturity.
Wasn't even a need to go over ... give him a wave and a \_()_/ and both parties go on about their life. 
That wqs such a classic one here in this sub - its still being referenced now lol
It's anxiety, a mental health problem. Yeah, it does get that bad (even worse) without treatment. Every situation becomes unbearable 
I doubt anyone who says bro understands how intense social anxiety can be.
Yeah the normal reaction would probably to go out and just say good morning. This is next level anxiety
Uncalled for
douche alert bois
I'm guessing this guy moves from one cringeworthy moment to the next. Can you imagine him... at work... at a bar... at a gym. I could write a sitcom about this guy. lol. 
It's basically a shit curb your enthusiasm episode. Oh theres my right foot. 
Did Escitalopram give you insomnia?I remember a doctor put me on it years ago and I ended up jogging around my neighbourhood at like 3am.
Count me in as another one who was helped a ton by escitalopram. I was a complete mess and did not have my shit together in any sense, but getting on those meds turned everything around pretty quickly. Not sure how this happened or if it's a typical result, but after a year or two I was able to get off of it without ever going back to the kind of depression/anxiety I had before starting it. I'm a bit worse off than I was while taking the meds, but I'm still SO pleased with how much my mood has improved compared with before 
so then I tried to give him a thumbs up, but accidently raised my middle finger. Somebody kill me.
I mean, anxiety's a thing.
This guy deals with a huge burden you do not have to experience. Great showing of character coming from you regarding your comment. 
I was wondering the same.  If this guy doesn't have the spine to shrug off a situation that wasn't awkward at all, how in the fuck did he manage to not only convince some poor woman to sleep with him, let alone marry him? 
Doing psychedelics is a horrible idea for somebody with this much anxiety.. especially in a non-clinical setting.  The last thing this person needs is to be trapped in their own mind while also tripping.  
I was nodding in agreement the whole way through OP's story and then saw this comment. Reminder that I have social anxiety and I forget I have it often as this is just normal now. 
What's actually the help you got? Pills? 
Hey man, sorry about that. I was getting into my car and my elbow hit the horn. Haha
Ok.. I was just trying to help. 
Keep your insulting demand that he keep his insulting advice to himself to yourself!
It's not funny when you know the feeling
/socialanxiety
He thinks hes better than the trashman, feels guilt at his poor hand in life
It's because he's working his ass off and you're just standing there. I'm kinda uncomfortable being around the cleaner in my grandparents house and I think it's the same reason.
6, not 7?
Who needs their dick on prozac anyway?
[deleted]
In the garbage.
Look up anxiety disorders on Google. There are quite a few different kinds. An apathetic attitude towards the grievances of others is a good example of immaturity.
Everyone experiences anxiety in some degree. Some people have anxiety disorders, and from your statement I gather that you are not one of them. Therefore, you do not understand the perspective, you do not understand the malfunction that occurs in the brain, nor do you understand that it isn't a choice. It's as if I slow down and time speeds up. It sucks and it's really challenging to overcome, stop writing people off for mental illness. 
Anxiety to this extent over something small like this is not normal and when you need help
Nah that would be confusing, he would probably interpret it like what is taking so long?
I feel for you dude, i hope that you know people like you / want to like you. I wish anxiety had an easy solution but its hard to not overthink small interactions or have the confidence to not worry. I hope you have a good rest of your day though
Can confirm. OP life would make an excellent cringe sitcom. 
For the first month it was tough falling asleep, but I sleep like a rock again now.
That's really the point of the drug though! It's meant to be used for a small number of years to allow you to learn why there is no reason to react to situations with anxiety. It's pretty incredible really, but it's like trail period to relearn how to react to every day situations. Then once you've learned essentially how to be yourself, the anxiety doesn't come back to nearly the same state, as you've learned different coping methods to deal with situations. Pretty cool stuff! Glad to hear your in a better place now buddy, I definitely am myself (: as a little tid bit, the drug only did half the work in my opinion. At the same time as taking the Meds I took classes on personal growth and mindfulness which, I feel, we're just as important to conditioning my mental health as the drug was. I encourage you to look into free classes online of personal growth/personal development/ mindfulness. If you stopped the drug and feel like there's a little something missing, educating yourself on the point of view and workings of a healthy mind may very well fill that little something :)
[deleted]
Me too. I was reading this and was totally agreeing with the whole thing and then read the comments and remembered this isn't normal. 
Pills and therapy. It doesn't stop all the feelings and I still struggle massively but hey at least I'm not thinking of killing myself every day anymore
Therapy and maybe pills. If you think you have anxiety just do it. The change can be massive and you'll wonder why you hesitated.
How dare you.
YOU SHOULDN't BE FEELING THIS WAY. I HAVE NO PROOF FOR MY SELF-SUPERIOR-NESS BUT YOU STILL SHOULDn'T BE FEELING THAT WAY
Trashman is a bit of a poor hand, though
Fuck me hahaha
Does it matter if the bottles are empty? Cause there's at least a 12 pack in mine every week. 
Then the trash man goes  jeez alright, someones in a hurry and forgets about the whole thing in minutes.
Hey thanks bud, I've come a long way over the past couple of years with my mental health. I appreciate your kind words, do know I'm back to a place where I know people like me, and I like myself, and that feels great! Have an awesome day yourself too
Bullies make jokes too. You probably didn't mean to say something mean, rather than just something quick and funny. But sometimes it's important to think about the impact the words we say have towards the person we say them to :)
Can relate. This is me also. Anxiety wreaks havoc when it really shouldn't! Simple tasks feel like monster challenges
I mean this in the kindest way possible. You might want to talk to someone. Common comments like this (even slightly offensive ones) shouldn't be this stressful for you. 
Wanting people to avoid you only happens on the first day of the job, then you embrace the trash and dont mind being around suited people while you have garbage in your hand.
What did he say?
[deleted]
I like you. 
Are you *also* one of those internet wizards that can telepathically predict the temperament of those hundreds of miles away from you, merely through the magic of text?My, my; we do have a lot of virtuous people on the internet these days don't we...What times we live in, where the common man can be the hero whenever he wants to: eternal glory is merely a few clicks and keyboard strokes away, if you only dare to grasp it.
Something along the lines of The quiet ones are more likely to go into naruto fight mode or some shit.
As someone who also was once 17 and felt that way, I can't give you some mystical wise advice. But, I can tell you that I slowly got over small things one by one and 6 years later I am a completely different person. Just don't let it own you and try to push yourself every once in a while. You'll get there, I'm sure of it.
You are a very angry man.
Thank you my friend. It's a scary world out there. 
> don't let it own you and try to push yourself every once in a whileAbsolutely the best advice. Every time you push yourself to do something that makes you uncomfortable or anxious, you're one step closer to beating anxiety.
Absolutely boiling with reddit-rage, I am
I had felt normal my whole life. Turns out after a scary event my doctor diagnosed me with general anxiety disorder and he asked me what I wanted to do about it. I ended up starting meds and while I know they're scary and you're always better off without ingesting pills, I feel seriously better now, so if you feel like it's unbearable, consider it an option. 
Looking through your history it certainly seems that way.
https://www.reddit.com/r/cringe/comments/5ssyho/i_just_honked_at_the_garbage_man/ddksrel/
We messed up, somebody get Kermit on the PA
anyone can walk up to the phones around Wal Mart, and say whatever they want. this was a teenage kid doing a prank
Vaccinaaaaashun
Wtf! That's a *dangerous* mistake to make...
What about the people who didn't stay there for three hours?
He sounds like your typical fall guy. 
This sounds like a prank
I didn't know Spoderman worked at Walmart.
Was that a muppet on the PA?
r/whyweretheyfilming 
Feels like trailer park boys
Oh glenn
yo that video is fake yo u all fell for it yo lolol yo 
Couldn't hear what he said at the end
Dude sounds like Kermit the frog.
Ernie is that u?
Walmart big company, I get standardization. But it always throws me off when I see videos of walmart and it looks identical to my local walmart.
Is it common to have a (food store?) give you a vaccination?Is that Kermit on the intercom?
its so obviously fake
Imagine going to Walmart for vaccines.
autism causes vaccines
This is a prank.  I can't recall the exact details but I know ive seen this posted and debunked as a prank before. Sorry I cant be more helpful! 
[deleted]
[deleted]
How do people not realize that this is fake?  Holy shit... it's some employee or random person playing a prank.
Yeah, Kermit must have drawn the short straw this time, Poor bastard.
This makes more sense; it would also explain why someone was recording before the announcement was even made.
It wasn't a prank. At around 18 seconds in there is a cut in the video but there is no interruption in the intercom audio. It's just footage of wallmart with the audio overlaid.
Letting walmart stick you with a needle is a dangerous mistake. 
Beautiful how this gets upvoted whilst /u/Zyn- 's comment is downvotedNo this is *not* a dangerous mistake... Expired vaccines lose their effectiveness, they do *not* cause any kind of bodily harm. You go find me a non-crazy-ass anti-vaccer website that claims otherwise...
Allergy reactions can be fatal.
nah, not really 
Placebo?
Employee: Dude we gave those people the flu vaccines from last year!Other employee: Oh shit you're right, go grab Tom the bag boy and tell him to read this script
[deleted]
Hmm scientist's that says it work or a President who says it doesnt? hmmmm im not sure who is more qualified?
I don't know what to believe anymore. I will kill myself.
Right. I also have a hard time believing that even a Walmart pharmacy would keep expired vaccines just lying around for a whole year, let alone close enough to new product to get mixed up. Where I work, we start removing even shit like Tylenol from shelves 6 months before the expiration date. It gets damaged out and disposed of by the end of the week.
Yeah that part too, had no idea Walmart had a pharmacy or could give vaccines. It sounds weird because that's not common (maybe even non-existent) in Australia.
I didn't say expired vaccines caused that. It's dangerous because the people they can't/didn't contact think they're vaccinated when really they're not. This means a much higher chance of contracting/spreading something deadly.
Flu shots contain mercury, formaldehyde, and a series of other toxins. As if once isn't bad enough, those poor people would be getting twice the amount of poison injected into their bodies. Count me out.
Yes it is, especially if they couldn't contact you and the whole time you think your child is vaccinated when they aren't and they end up contracting or spreading something deadly.
Are they 
I mean, it's not like they can hire people that don't hold degrees in Pharmaceutical medicine. I don't see the issue with going to Walmart to get a flu shot
Ah, why, sorry, I certainly misunderstood the meaning, and that's a completely valid point. Apologies
> Flu shots contain mercury, formaldehyde, and a series of other toxinsHerp derp, and none of these things are harmful in the tiny ass fucking quantities they contain. > Count me out.Sure, feel free, count me in, I'll happily take a shot twice if it's unsure the first worked. I had my hep B or C one like 2 - 3 times? My parents were... not great at keeping track of which one I'd had, so when it was the time to go to the doctor with school for general examination and/or vaccinations, safe is better than sorry. Imagine, I had 2 or even 3 times as much poison injected, whoa.And what did it do? Fuck all, a sore arm for a day and jack shit else. Seriously Flu shots contain mercury, what a joke, you know what else contains fucking mercury? Fish, so you better not ever eat any seafood if the thought of tiny amounts of mercury scare you
You are not an intelligent person.
No problem, I can see how it's easy to miss that argument upon first viewing.
> you know what else contains fucking mercury? FishEven better, fish actually does contain poisonous mercury. Unlike Vaccines, which don't.
Not cringe, Ronnie is hilarious.
this is great
Classic Ronnie! 
When autism strikes unexpectedly 
I think he was taking the piss on how predictable questions are and how often people like him have to answer them. Journo's will ask 5 questions and they'll all require the same answer. Something along the lines of Yeah I hope I can winning. gotta keep improving, excited.
[Interesting guy Ronnie](https://www.thesun.co.uk/sport/2275738/ronnie-osullivan-opens-up-about-family-and-reveals-he-only-stuck-with-snooker-so-his-murderer-dad-could-watch-him-in-jail/)  - There was a much better article from  a much better publication but I can't find it.  Definitely a character and my fave snooker player for sure.
I don't feel the cringe, the man must be a bit bored of repetition might be all.
He's probably done this a million times and has it down to the fewest words needed to end an interview. Genius. 
Well when you drown the bastard in dribble like that...
Seems to me he just got butthurt when the interviewer mentioned him losing.
This is the backstory to the strange interview he gave http://www.telegraph.co.uk/snooker/2017/02/08/ronnie-osullivan-puts-strange-robotic-voice-interview-latest/ 
I fucking love Ronnie. 
I couldn't be a journalist. I'd get fired the first time someone did that to me during an interview. I'm sitting here asking sincere questions and trying to do my job only to get a response like that. This is where I get down voted for even daring to imply I might do something slightly masculine in a real life scenario because everyone knows if you're on reddit you are a spineless jellyfish of a person who wouldn't dare confront someone who is being a dick IRL. Also, the snooker dude is awesome and that's all there is to it.
it's fucking snooker, not like this guy does a ton of interviews, why is he being such a douche
So many other self-centered journalists out there could really benefit from  your self-awareness.
you couldn't be a journalist because it requires a college education.
ah... you know nothing
self-centered? It was literally all questions about Ronnie
Not this particular interviewer...
*Points aggressively at small child and demands to know what she wants to be when she grows up* nice job Brian you really recovered from that koolaid fumble from earlier- Brian's brain 
That whole segment was disastrous.  Everyone is trying to talk at the same time
That host, brian kilmeade, also has a history of making weird statements about race on air:we keep marrying other species and other ethnics the swedes have pure genes because they marry other swedes Link to video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T1T7EeTnaZI&spfreload=10
Dear lord the amount of crosstalk in this segment... It's like listening to 15 different incomplete conversations at the same time.
[thiiis fucken guy](https://imgur.com/a/qQuvN) 
Sorry, I didn't get this kool aid thing. Why is it racist? I'm not American. 
Do I do what?  {everyone finally shuts up simultaneously}  MAKE KOOL-AID. 
Okay, but not as good as the time he asked the [Nicaraguan meteorologist if she grew up on tacos](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zzEXqJLVmcI) while the Champs' song Tequila plays in the background.
at least he didn't say watermelon or fried chicken.  not as many people know about the koolaid stereotype judging by the comments.
I don't think he meant it in the racist way, just an unfortunate, most likely innocent, question. Probably.
get this man some help 
I think I finally get it after 24 years. Like...racists, right. They don't know they are, and they might not even mean to be, but there's so much racist shit and little stereotypes hidden in their subconscious that it just reveals itself at random.
god
Then he aggressively puts a child on the spot to show he cares about our future. Worse kind of dickhead.
Cooking with friends
He didn't speak for the whole segment except just chiming in at that bit.... weird
I saw the thumbnail and immediately knew Brian Kilmeade was gonna say something stupid.
what an asshole
Man I've seen that dude make way too many racist and sexist remarks 
good lord lol
I wanna be a Samsung 8 series fan oven when I grow up 
Well can people stop pretending that this guy is not just a major racist to the very core? Even when trying not to be a racist pick his world view is so racist that he can not even talk without everything being extremely racist. 
Cringy-est part is that sad excuse for a cobbler. Cobbler is made with a batter, not a dough ffs
So kool-aid is a black Stereotype thing now? Til
Tearing my fucking eyes out. Cannot handle this level of stupid.
And Brian Kilmeade is just like [this](http://m.memegen.com/61x5qx.jpg).
lol when he that the little girl just looks at the camera and smiles xD
Everyone so focused on the racism they couldn't notice how sad the kid looked :(
Didn't Trevor Noah or Larry Wilmore already talk about this?
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=YPV6D2u6OTQ
Test. 
Does anyone remember Blurple I think it was. 
I'm not american so I don't know who this guy is, what is the issue here? What is wrong with asking is she makes kool-aid?
Whats going on here?
Even if he didn't realize it when he that the little girl just looks at the same time.
Your mama's so fat she got a glass leg full of Kool-Aid
Fuuuuuuuuuuuck, these morning shows are such garbage!   I never encounter this crap except for when I'm in hotels or airports.  How/why the fuck does anybody watch this shit?
It's a well known stereotype, like watermelon and fried chicken, are stereotypically and offensively associated with them is going to comment something like this.
LOL!  
Who the fuck drinks kool-aid with pie?
Can someone ELI5 why this is supposedly racist? I'm from Canada so I don't get the Kool-aid reference. Maybe if he had said something like purple drink etc. But what's the deal with kool-aid? 
That was a rough segment!
Even if it wasn't racist (which some here are arguing) it's still awkward as fuck. The question was just so random. 
I never understand how people this socially unaware get jobs like this where they literally have to socialize for a living. It baffles me
This dude again. Goddammit. 
That was painful. I like doocy's face, he's like why the fuck would you say that?
This guy is like the Forest Gump of 21st Century racism. He's in every clip, and doesn't seem to quite have the brain power to know what's happening.
Wtf 
I kept waiting for a cringe moment... Never happened...
ok, just because you didn't realize that this was a stereotype, or you drank Kool Aid as a kid, doesn't change the fact that this was clearly a racist jab.
Now available in all five food groups.
Children like kool-aid it may seem out of context bc it's dropped in popularity, but I don't think he intended it to be racist. Born in 84 me and all the kids I knew grew up on kool-aid.
What exactly possesses this guy to say the things, and how does he still have a job?
I don't really see what's so cringy about this? Isn't Kool aid a traditionally summer drink?
brian kilmeade is a racist POS
When the hell did Americans start kissing each other to greet? I thought that was a European thing.
I don't understand the kool aid bit. Can somebody explain the cringe.?
I didn't even hear what he said because of all the crosstalk, can someone clarify when he does the thing for me?Edit just kidding i FOUND IT HOLY FUCK
Brian is a cringe factory. I actually love watching Fox and Friends. It's so stupid yet harmless. It doesn't piss me off like Bill O Reilly does. 
[deleted]
Hey to be fare he didnt ask for purple kool aid.
Holy shit people are so sensitive.  He just asked if she made a certain drink in the summer. 
I'm sorry I meant to say Watermelon...Scratch that. I meant Fried Chicken....Fuck!...You know what i'm sorry do you wanna smoke a blunt? 
I just thought this is what live American TV was like.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ov9k_yABNHU
I was going to comment something like this. How can anyone watch this crap? Everyone is too hyper and talking over each other. There's a show in the UK called Sunday Brunch, which is basically exactly the same format as this, but they don't all talk and squabble at the same time. 
It really is just like Always Sunny. 
Does he think people of color are...a different species...?
ok, Irish Italian man Rekt
Did anyone else catch the If I Only Had a Brain playing in the background after he spoke?  The staff at Fox News thinks he's an idiot. Edited for plurality. 
>That host, brian kilmeadeWho?OH! You mean the brown-haired guy who isn't Steve Doocy.
And he kept his job after that?!
Apperantly I have to marry another swede...
Oh my god this is amazing
Finns are mixed af though.
It blows me away that people like this exist.
WHAT THE FUCK?How does this guy have a job on television?
Explain to a non-American - how is this racial?
I thought that was him. Jesus, he's made it to the top of cringe TWICE in, like, a week. 
I'm a swede, I hear this often that swedes and other nationalities in Europe are somehow pure. It really can only come from an lack of fundamental understanding of how genetics works, swedes are not pure, we have never been pure. All the peoples of Europe are mixed with each other.
Fox news at its....finest?
I didn't even realise the kool-aid thing was insensitive. The constant talking from 4 people at once made me wince though. 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ov9k_yABNHU
Yes! It's the daughter's reaction that made this video funny!
In just looked it up because I didn't know either.Apparently Kool Aid is a cheap alternative to other drinks and the implication is that it's the only drink African Americans can afford.I think the whole thing is silly to be honest.
Kool aid is a very stereotypically black drink in America. It's like if he were to ask, oh, you ever do it with watermelon? Not necessarily gonna trigger most people, but nobody of color could miss the implication. 
Am american, not quite sure either. I thought fried chicken, grape soda and watermelon were the go-to racist foods. 
This sub is very heavily srsed 
It's not racist at all. People in America have been watching too much news media on TV that's telling them that everything is racist racist racist. The news media controls the dialogue in the U.S. and most Americans never learned critical thinking in schools so they all regurgitate it.The woman was talking about how she makes that dish in the summer. The host said Do you make Kool-Aid? because most people make Kool-aid in the summer, and he was trying to say something to add to her making it in the summer.Then all the dumb-shit American sheep go on about how it's a stereotype because apparently Kool-aid is off limits in discussion due to people's skin color. Fucking idiots, man.
It would be a serious stretch to consider his Kool-aid comment to be racist. Maybe if he had said, I bet you black folk mix Kool-aid, then one could confirm he was making a racist statement.
Although this is exactly how it happened in the video, reading this has brought me to cry-laughing status
The only time everyone falls silent
He makes conversation like George of the Jungle. 
What the fuck is this dude?
Jesus Christ, this guy. 
Did she say pinche taqueria?
Why did he put beans and rice on a fish taco?!?!  Anyone else has a problem with this?  No?  Just me?
That guy going she's columbian! is almost as cringey. She immediately whips her head around to say ....I'm *nicaraguan* while he shrugs her off. 
Damn, this one is fucked up. Should be higher.
I'm offended that he asked for taco making tips. 
What the fuck is juice? I want some grape drink baby
It's almost worse that way; he knows all the stereotypes. 
Just shows how many people don't know shit about African American culture in the United States. Being ignorant to something doesn't mean it's not racist.
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Brian_KilmeadeHe has a long history of racist bullshit.
Knowing his background this was almost guaranteed to be from a place of racism. Even if he didn't realize it when he said it.  
yeah i think his mind connected her mentioning of Summer to drinking Kool-Aid
You're very generous with your interpretation.
Non-American here, why is this racist?
Yeah Kool-Aid was a common summertime beverage in the 90's. 
I agree.  He meant it some other way.  What way I'm not sure.  But some other way.
He absolutely said it right after she said I make this dish in the summer. Maybe Reddit is racist for reading too much into kool-aid. Kool-aid is a drink... people drink it in the summer... Is everyone on /r/cringe 12 years old?
i'm australian and i don't get what the racist part is. can someone explain?
You're kidding, right? He was absolutely being a racist ass. It's in his blood.
[Help is on it's way!](http://imgur.com/gallery/4Di9t)
[This might help him](https://youtu.be/nBeUGqeYsQg?t=7s)
Get the American people some help. Can't talk about anything without someone bringing up race.
...maybe he just needs an am-boo-lance.
now you understand most of Reddit my child 
The thing is, this guy is literally maturing on camera, he got on tv knowing nothing about other cultures and was too dumb to do anything about it but learn the hard way by embarrassing himself 
Nah
Or they mean nothing by it and people feel the need to find racism everywhere. That's right, I said something that implied not everyone is racist commence the down votes.
**YEAH BUT WHAT DO YOU WANT TO BE WHEN YOU GROW UP**
It's not fucking racist. She makes that dish in the summer. People drink Kool-aid in the summer.
Yea this is news to me
In some way, you get points for not knowing this. The host knew though.
Because when all her friends said You shouldn't be on Fox, they're a bunch of racists! she told herself It'll be fine, someone has to be the bigger man. Besides, they're adult professionals and it's a 5 minute cooking segment. That face is the realization that you're in a room with people who only see your skin color.
> Can someone ELI5 why this is supposedly racist?The most basic answer is simply that its a stereotype, similar to fried chicken or watermelon. Why these things became stereotypes in the first place is a different question, the key point here is that the guy asked her the question simply because she's black.
Answer:  In America, everything and anything in racist.
As an Australian, you probably don't understand the racist connotations of that question
why don't you actually do some research on why things are perceived as racist before thinking it means nothing. stop living in your little bubble where if you don't get it, it's not offensive. Please do us the favor.
But I wonder how much the taxi fair was to get to the news station?
People aren't sensitive about it, you just don't know who Brian is.
Holy shit, I just realized that the kool-aid thing was racist.
It's pretty par for the course for morning shows.
The entire premise of The View
It is
It is and it is often copied by other countries, unfortunately. I avoid these useless brain dead shows. Actually, that entire channel should be avoided. 
Similar, but usually there's more chemistry and everyone isn't being so awkward.
it is.
It's what living in America is like.
That blonde lady is the epitome of Can I talk to your manager about why *my* child is on the bench? *DO you know who I am??* 
This is straight /r/rage material, fuck that blonde chick, so entitled.And the way she gets all pissy about it... The guy is even joking about it, but nah, she needs to get her nose high and act offended.
>[**Sam the Cooking guy tells Kathie Lee and Hoda be quiet [0:50]**](http://youtu.be/ov9k_yABNHU)>>Awkward moment on the today show.> [*^Ripclawe*](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCQeccx1qtTfR8Sz6YUlUi2A) ^in ^Entertainment>*^1,446,252 ^views ^since ^Jul ^2008*[^bot ^info](/r/youtubefactsbot/wiki/index)
That's how they talked about it when the concept of race solidified during the age of exploration. Kilmeade is obviously from the 17th century.
Who knows what really goes through Brian Kilmeades puny brain. How this man manages to stay on TV and live TV at that gives me hope that I can really do anything I want. If Brian can do it so can I. 
Freudian slip
They technically are?
Subspecies would be more accurate I think
What a species is, is not as well defined as most people believe. Social Science is basically just politics. It's not real science.
I kind of fell in love with her for that.
Kept hearing the other people saying kill me, then I realize this dude's fuckin name is Kill-Me-Ade.
> The staff at Fox New thinks he's an idiot.Other channels need multiple News, Fox only needs one.
Thinks?
He's employed by Fox, so...
He gets them exposure and ratings. Hell, we are all here watching a video about it so mission accomplished. 
No you're fine, I will take her instead.
if you want your children to look like you and to keep a pattern in your family tree, yeah.Although in Sweden people are being indoctrinated to breed with non-swedes. Or if you want +progressive-points, non-whites 
Because species refers to animals - like an elephant is a different species than a human. But humans, even if Chinese or African, are still human. A chihuahua dog looks different than a terrier dog, but they are still dogs - part of the same species. 
Fox and Friends is such garbage. Fox News Sunday and Special Report are at least actual news programs and thousand of times better
It is silly, [Dave Chapelle did a bit about the stereotype](https://youtu.be/C_Mz2MBaHvU?t=1m52s).
I thought maybe because they were talking about summertime stuff and he thinks of it for that but her reaction and his past tells me no. But hey I was poor and had Kool aid all the time so never thought of it as a racial thing.
Grape soda, Kool aid, just cheap alternatives. 
Yea I'm super confused, kool aid is awesome to basically every kid. I've never heard anyone suggest white kids don't like kool aid.
I never understood it either. Kool aid is delicious regardless of race. Like fried chicken or watermelon. 
I'm white as hell and we always had kool-aid in the fridge when I was a boy.  We weren't even poor, kool-aid is just good. 
He is known for saying dumb racial shit though. 
Thanks. And I think who can make kool aid at home? Kinda like you say I bet you make Pepsi with it. So he used the term intentionally. 
it is bullshit because everyone drinks that shit here. white american male, love me some kool-aid. :)
I don't think it is that.. Look up the jonestown massacre. I think it's the largest mass suicide by Americans induced by poison. I think that is where the phrase comes from. *They* drank the Kool Aid.
Yeah it's stupid.  At least when I was a kid, every kid from every ethnic and economic stratum wanted Kool Aid once in a while.  I think Dav Chapelle's drink joke refers to off-brand stuff that comes in  a jug for cheap.
It is... It would be ridiculous if people acted like this were racist. 
>  It's like if he were to ask, oh, you ever do it with watermelon?Well to be honest that whole watermelon thing is something i've never understood either. Where i live and, well in most parts of the world as i've understood, everybody eats watermelon, what the fuck
I've heard Kool Aid thrown in there every so often by people.  Maybe it's a regional thing?
You know who likes fried chicken, grape soda, and watermelon?EVERYBODY
Yeah, thats a stretch, I'm from the suburbs and we all drank kool-aid. It was just the thing to drink. That was the 90's, I don't think it's as popular now though.
Oh please, Kool-aid is a poor peoples beverage. He assumed this nice dressed lady drinks a poor peoples drink because shes black.
OK. But, I searched the internet and I noticed that Kool-aid is a powdered drink. How can someone make a powdered drink at home with fresh fruits? Does people make Kool-aid at home? This might be why his comment looked as a racist comment. Right?
im 100% he would not have asked a white middle class woman if she made koolaid. He was just pulling a michael scott.
> It would be a serious stretch to consider his Kool-aid comment to be racist.[You must not be familiar with who the guy is.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T1T7EeTnaZI) He has a history of making weird ass race comments. It seems to be constantly on his mind, for whatever reason.
I'll admit, this is the first thing that [I think of when anyone mentions making Kool-Aid](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bkExpbnjsX8). 
It's a power thing. He makes these little needling jokes to show how he's  not afraid to skirt the racial line. He says it, and if people call him out and then it's what? Come ooooon, you're being soooo PC <slaps you on the back a little too hard>. Can't take a joke? You can make fun of my Irish blood!And his conservative fans love him for it and nod about how sensitive these people are. Meanwhile they whine about the War on Christmas
He's a race baiting troll and always has been.  He's supposed the represent the nazi side of Fox, but I suspect he works for an intelligence agency and exists to normalize this type of divisiveness.
Yeah!! That's what she said! That was weird.
Lmao
https://www.yelp.com/biz/pinche-taqueria-new-york
What's that mean
he clearly had no fucking clue what he was doing there like, at all.
If there were rules about mixing whatever shit together in Mexican cuisine, my favorite drink wouldn't be the michelada. I bet beans and rice + fish tastes great.
Sugar, water, purple. 
What the fudge is that grape drink nonsense?! Get me some of that there purple drank!
What flavor? Red. 
Is there any way to NOT be racist? 
Fucking everyone likes koolaid, asking questions for the sake of genuinely wanting to know the answer isn't inherently racist. If you're cutting watermelon and ask your black friend Steve if he wants a piece it isn't racist just because the stereotype exists. Racism is based on intent, so no if you are ignorant of a stereotype it's not racist.
Damn. How does he still have a job?>Brian Kilmeade is aFox News Channeltelevision personality.Oh. Never mind.
Non-Mobile link: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Brian_Kilmeade***^HelperBot ^v1.1 ^/r/HelperBot_ ^I ^am ^a ^bot. ^Please ^message ^/u/swim1929 ^with ^any ^feedback ^and/or ^hate. ^Counter: ^28711
Brian Kill Me Kilmeade...
He's so dense and I love it
More like he has a long history of being a complete and utter buffoon.
and y'know...being black.
He absolutely did. People are turning everything into a race issue these days. Goddamn, I miss the early 2000's when people talked about intelligent shit instead of every conversation being boxed in to the dumbest fucking topic of skin color.
Koolade, along with watermelon and fried chicken, are stereotypically and offensively associated with black southerners. It's cheap, and in general, seen as not very classy.
Its not.
Possibly. However, he does have a history of saying some pretty damn racist things, including claiming race-mixing is evil.
She said she makes it in the summer so he was relating summer to kool-aid, I think.
No it was definitely meant to be racist 
You never drank kool-aid when you were a kid?
How? He caught it like aids?
Wait, why is koolaid racist? I only know koolaid as the drink kind of thing that some wacko used to mass murder some cult members.
An actually racist-by-definition sentiment, ladies and gentlemen.
I like to imagine people like you dont exist. 
You are an idiot. I don't know how Kool aid became rasist. 
I wonder where the water that made those ice cubes are today
hehe
This wasn't the first time he has said racist remarks. If this was a one-off comment then I guess it could be seen as innocent, but when the same guy goes on about the evils of mixing races an obvious pattern begins to emerge. source: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xqbL9-HzxH4 (starts around 0:55)
Wish she'd stared him straight in the eye and said President. 
I could think of 20 other drinks that people drink in the summer that would not have made this video even remotely cringy but the dude decided to go with kool aid... may not have been a super racist comment but the guy was definitely trying to invoke some racy charged remark with that comment 
did you reply to the wrong comment?
It doesn't matter who he is. This clip has absolutely no cringe if you aren't assuming that everything he says is intended as racist.
Not necessarily. I mean, from what I can tell from other clips on YouTube this guy is about as racist as you can possibly be without getting immediately fired, but that still doesn't mean that every awkward thing he says is racist. Maybe he likes to drink Kool-Aid with his peach cobblers and he just said it without thinking. Who knows. Even a racist person doesn't have to be saying racist things 24/7 and jumping to conclusions is never a good idea.
>Which is great that they're canned by the way because you can do this at any time of the year.With a superfluous statement like that, I've gotta wonder if she thinks the general audience are all that stupid when watching these kinda shows.
Afternoon Yakhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rihu8_nbhw8
i stopped watching tv 5 years ago. if there is something i want to see i can find it on internet, without all the advertisements and the rest of the stupid shit.
Australia has been trying to copy America for years now. Thanks to that I use my TV exclusively as a pc monitor now
Clearly you don't live in America.
Uh, the dude goes on her show and tells her to be quiet.
[What a surprise.](http://i.imgur.com/E8pQ8VE.png)
Uh, the dude goes on her show and tells her to be quiet.
I wouldn't say that's a slip. That's just full on lettin your racist out. 
Are you serious? Humans are all one species. 
What species are they? Technically speaking, of course.
No. No, it wouldn't. Just no. 
>Social Science is basically just politicsNo, it's the application of the scientific method to the study of social relationships.
> species> Social ScienceTry again.
Classifying species has very little to do with social sciences buddy, that's more in the realm of biology. If two things can successfully reproduce, then they are of the same species; that's the definition. 
Referimg to contemporary cultural constructs, I agree. However Biologically we have strict definitions for these things. A little off topic, but people should also be aware that science has been manipulated in the past to suport bigotry, for example eugenics. But don't let that scare you off, honest scientific research and inquiry should squash those strains of misanthropy on the end.
Which, coincidentally enough, was the nickname for the Kool-Aid at Jonestown.
he will probably get a bonus.
Had to take a weekend seminar in dogwhistling.
we most certainly are not being indoctrinated, what are you talking about?
Sorry I meant the cool aid thing.
Sugar, water... 'n *purple*
That bit is hilarious.This guy, though. Thats was just mean and racist.
there were no jokes in that segment
Okay... Do people randomly ask you if you make it when you're cooking?
That's where I was at, and I feel stupid. I was thinking, like, okay, a nice peach cobbler, makes me think of summer and picnic blankets and sandals. I would have thought about lemonade or iced tea or something, but Kool Aid works. Now I'm cringing at myself. 
Grape soda isn't really any cheaper than any other soda.
Are you insinuating white people don't eat chicken or watermelon or are you claiming you don't understand the concept of racism?
So is fried chicken but if he would've said something about fried chicken it still would've been awkward.
Rich white kids drink gatorade, poor black kids drink kool aid.
Yeah, there was a kid there, they were talking about summer, kool aid is the perfect drink.
The difference, as others have pointed out, is that if the lady making cobbler had been white, nobody would have asked her about chicken, watermelon, or fucking kool aid. They wouldn't have been waiting for a chance to shoehorn that in somehow. Because they would see her as a cook or a mother or whatever and not just 'black lady'. You can see how that would get old pretty fast right?
Nah, watermelon is pretty lame. Fried chicken is awesome, but only if made well. It's hard to mess up KoolAid.
Nobody asks you about it all day though do they...
[How watermelons became a racist trope.](https://www.theatlantic.com/national/archive/2014/12/how-watermelons-became-a-racist-trope/383529/)  This is an American thing, I can't speak for other parts of the world.
Watermelon grows very easily in the southern US. It is also cheap. So the stereotype in the south developed because it was a food that made economic sense for impoverished people of color to grow/eat.
I knew a guy who was raised by super affluent progressive white parents. He had never had kool-aid or a bologna sandwich. He just assumed it was black people food. I made him both and he realized the error of his ways.I think the younger generations parents realized they were giving thier kids gallons of candy to drink, so it's not as popular anymore in suburban neighborhoods.
Yeah it's a dumb stereotype, but it's still a stereotype. Most people like Chinese food, but if you see a Chinese person cooking and go do you also make rice? it's not exactly cool. Especially if you are a TV host. 
I love fried chicken and watermelon so much, like those are my two favorite things in the world. I can't help but feel lucky that those are not negative stereotypes associated with my race. I would feel so shamed. 
Or maybe you **assumed** that he's a racist because he's white. So he can't bring up kool-aid anytime he's around someone with darker skin? WTF is that logic? Grow the fuck up. Maybe you're a judgemental prick that needs to stop watching mainstream media propaganda that says everything is RAYSISS RAYSISS RAYSISS!!
Who was just a well-intentioned racist.
Fuck I can even see where he was trying to go if wasn't terrible. Wtf.
Oh! This guy! I watched this couple of weeks ago on reddit. Now I understand the kool aid comment better. 
Yeah I thought nothing of it until I saw his bs
True, but not in this instance 
It's also called dog whistling. He says it because Fox News viewers love casual racism, and by seeing a host do it (not so) subtly, they feel that it's okay to do, too. The problem comes when they get called out for it and pretend the offended person is being a 'snowflake' 
https://www.yelp.com/biz/pinche-taqueria-new-york
https://www.yelp.com/biz/pinche-taqueria-new-york
I'm sure it does because all you can taste is the rice and beans.  That kind of fish has such a mild flavor compared to the beans and rice.
Waiter, i ordered a grapefruit juice? Why isn't it purple?
Yes. Stop being a prick.
So you think he asked because he wanted her to make him some Kool-Aid in the middle of a TV segment?
>Fucking everyone likes koolaidNo they don't, Koolaid tastes like shit.>If you're cutting watermelon and ask your black friend Steve if he wants a piece it isn't racist No, but if you were to say some goofy backwards shit like pointing Steve out and say Hey Steve, I bet YOU'D love a piece of this, amirite? Makes you kind of a prick.>Racism is based on intentThe fuck it is. How do you even jump to a conclusion like this? 
[Here's him saying races should not be interbreeding](https://youtu.be/xqbL9-HzxH4)
I never got the fried chicken thing. Do white racists not enjoy fried chicken? If you were going to create a negative stereotype, shouldn't it be something that you don't personally enjoy?Look at those gays over there enjoying their pizza like the gay pizza eating bastards they are!But Mike, you're also eating pizza, we're in a Pizza Hut.Shut up, you queer!
I've heard watermelon and fried chicken but koolade is a new one, I thought most people associate it with cults 'don't drink the koolade', or with people bursting through walls. Also we don't have it over here.
I caught AIDS and i'm racist too :(
It's a stereotype that African Americans love Kool aid. It would be like if she made a roast chicken and he asked don't you like fried chicken?
Jonestown was actually Flavor Aid, a Kool Aid knockoff.
Have some respect, that cult might have been the one true religion for all you know.
It's a well known stereotype, like watermelon and fried chicken
>rasistWell, there's your problem.
I understand that this guy has said some racist things in the past, however this video was posted as is without context of the guy and there seem to be A LOT of people assuming he was being racist based on the comment and not based on who he is. Acting like this question was just racist in general is absolutely ridiculous especially since parents making kool aid in the summer is a completely normal and not at all racist thing in the least.
>It doesn't matter who he is. Sure it does. Knowing who he is adds context to his comments. His intentions aren't innocent, this is his schtick on Fox.
Firstly, most of them are that stupid, and secondly, it's just filling air time with noise. They could just say 'ding dong ping pong' for an hour and half the audience wouldn't notice.
after the woman makes the strawberry comment, listen to the 'oh what a wonderful idea!'that amount of excitement in such a vacuous statement and context is almost uniquely American.
I totally agree with that strategy. 
How's that? People are always trying to talk over each other, though that's probably not exclusive to America.
Well fuck yes, one needs to be quiet when someone else is taking, come the fuck on, that's basic human interaction etiquette. And her quirky remarks are annoying as hell, it's like someone told her hey, you should repeat what he says in a high pitched voice, while throwing in some semi - relevant fact, unnatural and irritating. 
A Freudian slip is when you accidentally say what you're thinking when you're trying to say something else
Which is the definition of a Freudian slip. 
Technically it's only racist if he says one species is superior.
They can be subspecies though
And wolves and chihuahuas are the same species too. If you use the most simplistic breeding view. No respectable biologist uses only breeding to determine a species, its a new politically correct thing to do.
I think it would.*a taxonomic category that ranks below species, usually a fairly permanent geographically isolated race.*That's pretty much what the different races of people are (or originally were). As time goes on and our culture becomes more and more globalized, we will see distinct races disappear. But if you are going to tell me there aren't still distinct races (and thus subspecies of humans), you're just pretending to not notice the obvious. Edit: Anyone reading this now, just scroll down and educate yourself if you think I sound like an ass. I will concede that there is even debate in the scientific realm, but just try to remove any politics when you consider race. It's not something that we should feel the need to hide.
> No, it's the application of the scientific method to the study of social relationships.They literally have a replicability of 6% or something insanely low like that. Meaning that 94 times out of a 100, if they were to just repeat the experiment they would end up with contradicting results to the results of the first experiment. To call it science is just silly...The most famous example of this is the groundwork behind modern gender theory and John Money who came up with it. But somehow the theory persisted. 
That's not the only definition, there are multiple schools of thought on what makes a species, and things of different species sometimes interbreed anyway so that's not a great definition. Source: paleobiology degree 
Wolves and dogs.
silly ad sponsored by the Swede governmenthttp://www.dailymotion.com/video/x37gkalstuff like this happens in Europe but usually it's more subtle, like in signs in bus stops/ads during big events (euros, eurovision, etc)[another example](http://static.boredpanda.com/blog/wp-content/uploads/2016/06/make-love-not-war-advertisement-uefa-euro-2016-tbwa-paris-aides-576be1530c347__880.jpg)You now have divided societies in most European countries (specially western europe), the most easy way out of that division is to make your society an accepting society, and the best way to do that is to push for race mixing. Sweden is the country where things like this happen the most. Pushing for race mixing, pushing for self-hate among swedes, pushing for more and more migrants, and pushing for a society that sees nothing wrong with those migrants
It doesn't have to start with knock knock to be a joke
Observational humor 
Yeah. Have a feeling people might see it as a racial thing if they're black and randomly get asked if they make it while they're cooking. Just a hunch I guess?
store brand grape soda ftw, store brand cola is shit but grape soda tastes good no matter the maker.
I think they meant [grape drink](https://f4.bcbits.com/img/a3600811841_5.jpg)
Not grape soda, [Grape drink](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NuTjQLfU6Gk)
What about rich black kids? That's a conundrum.
Yeah instead of a simple And would you make a drink to go with it ? or something he jumps straight to kool-aid lol. Pretty weird thing to come out with.
what lol
What was his error, exactly?
To be fair though, every Asian person i know eats an insane amount of rice so the answer would almost certainly be yes
It's not cool because of course he makes fucking rice. If you are Chinese and know how to operate a microwave you are a black swan if you don't know how to make rice.
Nice try except there are videos of him being undeniably racist. The simple fuck literally believes in pure races being better.
He (the TV host) is racist.  But the people in this thread that are asking *why* the Kool Aid comment is racist are not.   They simply do not know (are ignorant) about the Kool Aid stereotype.  Which is odd because racism and ignorance go hand in hand, but sometimes ignorance does not equal racism. 
Oh it's *that* guy
Thank you for filling us in on that, Italian-Irishman. She's good haha.
I love how once he said it one of the crew started to whistle as if he had enough of the shit
Fuck that guy, man. He deserves this embarrassing cringe.
Wow, he's not only an ignorant racist, he's an extremely unintelligent one.  different species and ethnics
I don't get most of the things. I guess if you hate a group of people enough, anything associated with them is going to take on a negative connotation. I bet some of your hardcore racists have a problem with athletic ability and big dicks. Racism is a mental dysfunction.. can't really expect the details to make sense. 
Racism and stereotypes never makes sense. That's the gist of it. 
Everyone knows it would be hotdogs, not pizza
>If you were going to create a negative stereotype, shouldn't it be something that you don't personally enjoy?Do you think stereotypes are intentionally created by an individual person or something?  These are memes, and they form organically through very complex social interactions across the societal level.  
Oh what the fuck. How is that even something that crosses his mind? 
It's amazing to me that people are still so religious. You'd think they'd all realize they can't all be right.
Not nearly.
 ^^^zing
Okay now you're just creating a Schroedinger's Racist scenario. Who cares if they have prior knowledge of him or not, the dude is a racist and they're justified in their assessments.
> Knowing who he is adds context to his commentsThat's my point, there was no context added to the post and as such the post makes a point that the question itself is the racist part and not the fact that the person saying it may be racist. If it was a little kid asking it because he heard summer and thought of kool-aid it would be an entirely different thing.
> They could just say 'ding dong ping pong' for an hour and half the audience wouldn't notice.Not sure about that, CNN's been losing a lot of viewers lately
Is it?
I don't know, it sounded like a good idea to me. Do other countries seriously think Americans aren't sincere in their excitement? Because we are for the most part. 
Do you honestly think she cares? It's literally her job to make small talk. She's saying whatever comes up. If she convinced you she's doing her job good enough.
Its more just cliche American white suburb folks type talk 
I'm American and I love baking.  I would be excited to hear new ideas about cobblers.  Who doesn't love delicious desserts?
uniquely? you can't be serious
What do you think the *intended* topic was? Cuz it seemed like he said exactly what was on his mind to me. No slip about it.
A Freudian slip is unintentional. This guy is just being racist on purpose. 
No it's still racist 
Which modern humans do you believe are a subspecies? 
>No respectable biologist uses only breeding to determine a specieswhat in the fuck is this? are you a biologist? >new politically correct thing to dolisten, you're ALLOWED to have stupid-ass, racist views, if that's what you want. But don't pretend to understand science and act like your ideology is based on anything other than hatred or ignorance. Just own it. You embarrass yourself even further when you try to act like what you're saying has any rational basis to it at all. 
You're either uneducated or misinformed about species classification if you can't recognize that humans are one species. 
It's not quite as simple as you make it out to be, considering the rather massive amount of racial interbreeding that has occurred in past many years.As sea travel, air travel and immigration have increased, its tough to say races are geographically isolated.That said, race is an informal / non scientific way of discussing subspecies, sometimes.Tough to claim race = subspecies though, especially in this day and age.
There is only homo sapien, there is no such thing as sub species for humans. Separating people, especially with reasoning that's loosely based in science, is dangerous (eugenics, phrenology, etc). Its the kind of thinking that leads to atrocities and genocide. 
source?
Dogs are a subspecies of Canis Lupus (wolves), they are still the same species. Try again.
We are not pushing for race mixing. Anyone can marry and have kids with anyone they want and I can tell that the ad has never aired on any swedish channel sponsored by the state.
So a guy walks into a bar and orders Kool-Aid...
Yeah grape, orange any of that is always still good. I actually love the Aldis ones and they are clear which is pretty cool.
Rootbeer does too though, but I don't think that's much of a stereotype.
We used to call it 1P because of the 1 percent juice that was in it, the rest being artificial flavoring and sugar. I was very surprised when I saw it in the store the other day with 2 percent juice! Moving up in the world!
grape drank
Vitamin water.
Thinking that kool-aid was a black thing because it was cheap, and therefore couldn't taste good.
Yeah, it would be more akin to asking have you ever eaten a cat (or dog)?
It's more how it's bringing up the one thing someone knows about someone's race. So while food isn't necessarily harmful, it is indicative of worse thinking. 
This is true. Lots of the comments are giving him the benefit of the doubt because it was something they themselves weren't aware of, but the TV host was absolutely aware of the stereotype.
And he's whistling the tinman's if I only had a brain from Wizard of Oz!
Racism doesn't make sense, but certain stereotypes make a lot of sense.
Probably because he has a long history of racist, prejudice comments.I'll agree this felt harmless, but knowing his background it's hard to say.
He's kind of a weird guy and might be a legitimate racist. There was another cringe clip of him making on air comments about mixed race people having inferior genes. 
Because it's not really a very popular stereotype, and if you were born in the 70s or earlier everyone you knew drank kool-aid or Tang or some other nonbottled mix drank.
Probably depends on the region you live in.
I would say other countries believe you're sincere, but they just don't get why.
it's not real excitement was my whole point.
By what definition of racism? Every definition that google provides has either superiority or discrimination or prejudice in its text.The irony here is that by implying that the text is racist, YOU're the one that is implicitly suggesting that one species is superior to another, and ironically then you're the one that comes off as racist...
I don't care enough about the subject to do research, I'm pretty sure I remember learning that 'races' and 'subspecies' can be used interchangeably in the science world
>Listen you have your facts and I have my alternative facts. Deal with it. - /u/thatawesomedude1 probably
I want to marry you
I have a double major in biology and chemistry.
Youre right i got a degree in the sciences rather than lesbian dance theory. Im so uneducated.
> or originally wereThis was key, I probably shouldn't have made it so secondary to my argument. Personally I still think it's a valid description but it really depends on context and what groups of people you are talking about. Me (like a 5th or 6th generation german/irish white guy) is not that far removed from someone who is like a 4th generation Latino both living in the same area. Now, consider a rural tribe in south America and compare that group with some of the tribes in Africa. There are very clear biological differences between the two groups. It's not insulting to consider them as two separate subspecies, it's just useful. In the end, we're all still human.
Isn't race like breeds in dogs? They're all the same species. 
> It's not quite as simple as you make it out to be...I thought it was made very clear that it wasn't that simple. You've just rephrased what was already said using the exact same argument that the person you replied to included as a caveat.
If you can't see there are separate races without wanting to commit genocide, you have a problem. 
> Its the kind of thinking that leads to atrocities and genocide. Just go away. I'm not allowed to notice biological differences between groups of people without being told that my line of thinking will lead to racial extermination? Tell me, how can there be genocides (mass extinctions aimed towards a specific racial/ethnic group) if there is no way to distinguish one race from another?>that's loosely based in scienceI literally quoted the definition of the word. I need not apply science to tell you what the word means - granted, it will require a rudimentary level of logical thinking. Which leads me to believe that you are doubting the fact people can be classified biologically into separable groups.I feel like I need to go ahead at this point and state that I do not feel like this is a prejudicial view to hold. If someone can show me how it is, I would love to hear about it.
Technically there is evidence for two slighly distinct human subspecies, *homo sapiens sapiens* or modern humans, and *homo sapiens idaltu*, who were thought to have died out a few hundred thousand years ago iirc. 
Ha like he didn't just repeat bullshit he's been fed
so they are a subspecies with ~25 000 years of evolutionary separation, but Europeans and Africans are not even different races with 50 000 years of evolutionary separation? hm... really makes you think, doesn't it?
That's because it's not an ad, that guy is an idiot. Public tv doesn't even allow ads, that is a sketch by the swedish comedy group Grotesco.
https://i.imgur.com/7QnAGHX.jpg
I don't think you know what good rootbeer is with all that talk 
Rootbeer is great. I call it brown bubbly water. 
But it is cheap... are you saying he was blown away by how great sugar water is?
Holy shit, you're right!
Yeah, I linked it in one of my [earlier responses](https://www.reddit.com/r/cringe/comments/5sq3ba/do_i_do_what/ddh5hwa/). I can't believe how many people didn't know this (and how many people downvoted my other comment...).
I'm sure there's some historical reasons why American culture is so positive
But people do it all the time in conversations. People don't give a shit about 90%of what's being told to them and they do the same thing if they aren't socially inept. I don't see what's uniquely American about that.
Separate, but equal. How convenient.  
Assuming that they're synonyms, delineating humans by arbitrary races is still scientifically indefensible. Race is a social construct that simply isn't supported by genetics. 
/r/iamverysmart
ITT tech doesn't count. As an actual double major in Molecular Cell Biology with an emphasis in Biochemistry and Integrative Biology with an emphasis on Human Biology and Health Sciences from a reputable school, I can tell you no respectable biologist would even barely insinuate that humans of different races are different species. 
Really now? Explain to me how I would go about mathematically representing a concerted feedback inhibition reaction. Go.
Yeah, sure
I hope you didn't get a degree in biology.
You type like a 13 year old, bro.
That's barely analogous. Human races are nowhere near as genetically distinct as dog breeds. Really think about dog breeds for a second to understand this - e.g. a great dane is *many times* the size of a chihuahua. Some breeds have long tails and others have short ones. Humans don't have remotely close to that kind of genetic variation between races. Sure, there are people with e.g. giantism and dwarfism, but those conditions are not racial features. We don't have one race that's generally around 2ft tall and another that's about 12ft tall. We don't have some races running around with tails, and others not. The visible differences between human races are really very tiny compared to the differences between dog breeds, so it should be obvious that we're not that genetically diverse by comparison. Also remember that our brains are wired to pick up on minute physical differences between different humans, but not to do the same in animals. Two genetically similar humans will *look* way more different to us than e.g. two chihuahuas with the same amount of genetic similarity, our brains basically amplify tiny differences between humans in order for us to be able to tell different people apart.        
The term used wasn't races, it was sub species. Sub species invites the idea that those people are some how alien, non-human in the same way that we are human. It creates a basis for discrimination. 
Dehumanizing is literally the first step towards justifying atrocities. Oh we aren't killing human beings with complex lives, social interactions, motivations, etc, we're killing animals, savages, roaches, monsters. Sub species is practical for taxonomy for plants and animals, but it's not just for humans. 
Neanderthals were a distinct subspecies that would have looked way too different to possibly be mistaken for Homo Sapiens. They had big noses, protruding forehead, thick limbs and fingers, and somewhat peachy skin (we presume), They most likely either blonde or ginger hair which would had set them apart from Homo Sapiens who at the time was mostly dark-skinned with black hair.I can assure you that a person from Sweden and a person from Japan are much more like eachother physically and biologically than they are to Neanderthals or Denisovans 
No, not really. Even if those very suspect numbers are true, humans have been mixing DNA and gene pools for the past 2,000+ years. If you think you are pure anything, you're wrong.
I wish something would make you think.
Root beer is super water
He's saying Kool aid tastes good and his friend has been missing out.
What bizarro version of America do you live in?
ok picture graph with two lineshigh point of the graph is 'amount of excitement' (high to low)low point of graph is 'relevance/importance of statement' (high to low)my point was that the gap between those two lines, i.e the difference between how little you care about a statement and how much effort/excitement you'll display making it is larger in the states than in most other places.not that only americans engage in small talk or chit chat.
No, there's no such thing as equality. Doesn't mean there's such a thing as superiority either.Why are liberals so afraid of acknowledging that people are different? I mean they have no problem acknowledging that multiculturalism is good. So why can't you parallel that same line of thinking to race itself? If cultures are *different* from each other, but there's no such thing as a *superior* one, why can't you say the same of race?
It's pretty clear to me that there are biological differences between races that helped them adapt to their original surroundings. Correct me if I'm wrong but isn't that what a sub-species is? How could it be a social construct?
No i just know basic knowledge in a particular area.
Good thing i didnt get a politically correct education like you. At what point do you define a species then? Using morphological characteristics? or evolutionary? Or when the offspring of the two can only be sterile? Or when the embryo cant even form? Community colleges dont count.
Mathematically? Its a regulation feedback loop...too much of product makes one of the reactants in the cycle stop working. I dont know what idiot told you that you need a formula for something thats different literally every time. They teach that shit in highschool anyway.
He fucking misspelled awesome in his own user name
so we throw out scientific classification because were too damn violent and stupid to deal with it?
Sub-species as in subset, not subhuman.All Coca-Cola is soda, not all soda is Coca-Cola. Coca-Cola is a subset of the set of sodas. Get it?
> those people are some how alien, non-human in the same way that we are human. It creates a basis for discrimination. Everybody belongs to a subclass of human. You do. I do. WE all do.
> Sub species is practical for taxonomy for plants and animals, but it's not just for humans.Okay, I understand that you want to distinguish humans from the rest of the animal/plant world but the fact remains that we are still animals. Trying to convince people that that is not true isn't fair. We should be proud of our ability to not only recognize these complex social problems but also of our ability to solve and over come them. There will always be those who seek to use these differences as a way to power but that should deter us from continuing to recognize our history and our status in the universe. Edit: I really hope you're not just caught on this word *subspecies*. Because the prefix sub in this case refers literally to the position of the species on a list. Sub meaning within the overall group of a species. It has nothing to do with biological superiority.
I never implied otherwise, just pointing out that taxonomically *H. s. sapiens* and *H. s. idaltu* are both Homo sapiens, i.e. anatomically modern humans, however the only humans alive today are (obviously) us, *H. s. sapiens*. 
>Even if those very suspect numbers are truelol 'if'>humans have been mixing DNA and gene pools for the past 2,000+ not true. Most europeans are simply European and most sub-saharan Africans are simply sub-saharan african. You believe in unscientific bullshit if you think otherwise.
He lives in the rich part of America
I think it's bs sorry.
So the way that we have thought about race as a society tends to resemble something like [this](http://www.mgxcopy.com/mindshare/wp-content/uploads/2015/05/2000px-BYR_color_wheel.svg_.png) when in reality, human genetic variation looks like [this](http://bennettfeely.com/gradients/img/gradient.jpg). We have, at various points in time, for reasons ranging from ignorance to convenience, drawn circles around different parts of the gradient and called those races. Race, subspecies, species and the entire taxonomic system are made up to create useful ways of categorizing life. What we've found since we started looking at genes is that the races everyone pictures are not an accurate or useful way of seeing human variation. 
For humans. We don't need this sub speciesism for humans.    Also, there is no significant genetic differences between races to even classify people as sub species. 
I know what the prefix sub means in this context. I'm not saying that sub means less than, I'm saying that by creating the division, and then by applying the term sub *species*, it generates a new basis for discrimination. Saying something is Different isn't that far from saying something is Lesser. 
No they do not! That is simply wrong. There is only homo sapien. There is nothing else. There is no sub species, no sub class, nothing of the like.
Like I told /u/nupogodi,    >I know what the prefix sub means in this context. I'm not saying that sub means less than, I'm saying that by creating the division, and then by applying the term sub *species*, it generates a new basis for discrimination. Saying something is Different isn't that far from saying something is Lesser. 
There is no legitimate science that can track 100% homogenous reproduction of every person that has ever lived in an area, you're the one who is quoting unscientific bullshit, stop projecting. It's besides the point anyway, I'm mad at myself for taking your bait and getting away from the original subject, humans are the same species and you'll never prove that otherwise. Stick to trying to 'really make people think' or whatever.
White is another name for mutt
