Shot with a Canon 6D and a 17-40mm. Wide version here if anyone is interested:http://imgur.com/i91pZax@Jambo1986 on instagram  Edit - added camera info for those that have been asking
Is that a little Godzilla coming out of the water?
Magnifique!
Woah, it's not everyday I browse /r/all and I randomly stumble into a photo of a lake I know very well. I used to go in the Pyrenees every year and going to the Lac de Gaube was a hiking tradition we couldn't miss. Would recognize the lake anywhere.
Real cool hamjam
Does this area have bears? Wolves ? Wolverines or any other crazy ass wildlife ?
Where da moon at
Here's that lake again
Why was I born in Illinois :( 
There's a bit of noise in the picture. What was your ISO number?
Is this where the $5 water comes from? 
OH wow. Oh my wow. What was going through your head when you were beholding such a view. This is staggering.
Which camera and lens did you use? Nice shot! 
C'est magnifique!
Beautiful nature. 
Gorgeous. Thanks for sharing!
Brilliant. Now if only you'd turned the saturation and contrast up to 11 you'd have two hundred bazillion upvotes. However I'm so glad you didn't.
gorgeous reflection shot
is this real life
This is in France?  Breath taking!
The shining entrance
A nice way to climb Vignemale. 
What was this shot with? Great photo - Also did you use a polariser?
Any trout in that lake?
Lovely! When did you snap this shot?
Nice! I stayed a night in the nearby [Refuge Ledormeur](https://encrypted.google.com/maps/place/Refuge+du+Bala%C3%AFtous+Ledormeur/@42.8361925,-0.1731753,13.25z/data=!4m5!3m4!1s0x0:0x73212364d7e41d22!8m2!3d42.8555924!4d-0.26449?hl=en) many years ago.
is it stars or noise ? gorgeous pic anyways !
I used to go back as there was too much of a lake I know very well.
That log in the middle kinda kills it for me.  Otherwise, what an insanely beautiful spot. Would love to hang here for a few days. 
My new iPhone wallpaper 
Beautiful Shot! - was wondering what camera settings you used (ISO, Apeture, Shutterspeed) because the reflection in the water is so crisp and clean. Just started using the camera and been experimenting with it a lot. Thanks in advance :)
Wow! Look at the stars!
This is so perfect it hurts to look at it. I can't stand to look at it for me than a few seconds. Weird
Took a few minutes before i realized it was water and not a floating rock
I am Groot
We camped for a few days.
Ha, did you see any Great Pyrenees dogs running around, all wild like? ;)
Do you mind me asking how you edited this photo? Looks stunning
Big up for the Bearn!
Wow. Looks so calmed. Great job! 
About what time was this taken? Stunning shot.
I think it's really cool how you can see some of the stars. 
Wow, amazing photo
Such stillness in the beauty of that spot.
I set this as my background on my phone because when I looked at this I immediately felt relaxed. Great work, this is stunning!
At least you didnt hike uphill both ways in snow and camp out overnight in a blizzard to get this once in a lifetime shot like everyone else on here does.
How
Beautiful shot.     I need to add that (living in a big city) I really, really, really want to bathe in that water.
When I lived in China I boned a sommelier from that area. 
Nice composition. Love it!
My cat's asshole looks better than this. #realtalk
why cant i save the image? 
God. Damn.
Head of lake whatever under the moonNo one cares why/how you got it....
Why does every title have a short story in it? Just location and technical info! Annoying!
Absolutely beautiful shot.
That would be such a nice place to pack a tent, some canned food and spend a few days in isolation!
What's the meta data for the shot?
I wish I could afford a ~~Cannon~~ Canon 6D. With my sons cancer it has been hard to find money for bread not to mention anything else. I would really like to get some HD shots of my son out doing things while he still can. I use my iPhone 4, but that camera would be perfect for what I need it for though. Enjoy.Esit: Canon not Cannon
I thought it was a pond penis
Thank you 
Awesome! I'm hoping to visit a few more times over the coming years 
Can you swim in it ?
Nice one, cheers 
(French here)This is France: through history, we sent the way of the dodo most dangerous things (wild animals, crazy royalists, ....). The only nuisances left are the same than in any other countries (ranging from mosquitoes to corrupt politicians).   Point is, the most savage thing you could meet is French people actually. 
Some wolves,  some bears.  Very few. 
Hounds? Bees? Hounds with bees in their mouths?
Check the full size version in my top comment, it's rising over the mountains on the left of the frame
Lol thanks. I was like I was told there would be _moonrise_ dammit! And forgot that basically just means early evening. 
Haha, thanks for that fix
We have beauty too, bud. Take a drive down to the south of the state and hit up the shawnee national forest 
Correct, it's not image breaking though. Probably 1600. I was a little tipsy and had been trying to shoot some shots with me in the frame too. Had to bump iso to try and keep the shutter speeds short so I wasn't moving about. 
Surprisingly, not a lot. It was so quiet, so peaceful just watching the moonlight creep down the side of the mountain and over the lake. As cheesy as it sounds, I was just enjoying the moment :) 
Cheers! Canon 6D and a Canon 17-40mm I believe 
Heh, thanks :)  
Yep,  the Pyrenees are on the border of France/Spain :) a beautiful part of the country
Indeed! I need to go back as there was too much snow when we went in May. Such a stunning area though! 
Nope, no polariser. Shot on  canon 6D with a 17-40mm 
May 25th 2016 :) 
Thank you! Stars, not very bright as the moon was out 
Here ya go :) Http://imgur.com/a/MexYh
The log makes it for me. Otherwise too-perfect mirror image. 
 I've just settings for ya, 30s, iso 1600,f5.6,17mm. It was an incredibly still night. The following night wasn't quite as calm, thunderstorms all night 
Haha, I guess that's good? Thanks! 
This was just a lightroom edit, I actually edited it a few months ago so off the top of my head I can't really remember :( I'd say mainly just adjustments to the usual sliders /curves etc. Sorry I can't provide a better answer, my workflow is usually pretty similar though 
Thanks a lot! From memory, around about midnight 
Awesome, glad you find it relaxing 
No idea,  sorry 
You might not, and maybe not everyone, but others like a little bit of background to an image. Just look at the picture and don't read the title if it bothers you that much 
Some of us care! I enjoy the story behind pictures, it makes me imagine being there!
I actually enjoy the titles. Its nice to know the story  of events leading to a photo.
Comments can easily get lost I guess
It really is! We camped for a couple of nights in the area, it can get a little busy as it's only a couple of miles from a ski lift though so access isn't too much of a problem. There wasn't anyone else around after dark though 
It is not really very remote, and a very popular hike. Beautiful nonetheless. 
Perfect for what I need it for though :) 
gear doesn't matter. as long as it can take a decent photo, any camera will do.
I can't not focus on that morning wood.
R/mildlypenis
I thought it was a game at first with floating mountains
It's both a checkpoint and a destination point for a common hiking routes in the area, so there's many many people you'll see picnicking here, and in the summer some of them, especially children, will put their feet in the water. Never saw anyone swim in it but no reason why you couldn't.
LOTS of marmots! 
Ah! Nice. Great picture. That'll be my new wallpaper at work next week :)
I suck because I really don't see it. :(  Edit: Is it not the moon, but the moonlight shining from the left?
Just checked, 30s shot, explains the noise  
And that is exactly what I wanted to hear. Brilliant photo mate, I am glad you took it all in for what it is.
Have you been to Cirque de Gavernie as well? Such an incredible place. Maybe my favorite place in Europe.
I just looked at your Instagram. Not bad...     I'll give you a cheeky follow. 
Yesssssssss thank you. New background. 
haha, thanks for the help! :)
Is it primarily selective coloring? Like changing greens to brownish etc. Thanks for replying!
Me too just being a jerk 
I'm just a jerk 
You mean to say the above shot was captured solely in moonlight? Cause if so, it looks like daylight to me.
Yeah I guess you're right, but the iPhone 4 is really blurry and I can't see my son's face when he is at any distance. Anyway, I guess you guys know best in here and the Canon 6D is just a silly wish for me and my blurry pictures will have to do. Thanks for your thoughts friend.
Yep, the moon isn't actually in the shot, but you can see where the light is coming from. The moon is just out of the shot
By far one of my favorite places I've visited in France. 
Nope, but it sounds pretty awesome! Going to check it out now
Cheers dude, appreciate it 
No worries, you're welcome :D
Any time! 
Yeh, I think there was a bit of tweaking the green hues more to the yellow side 
Yep, full moon, just rising above the mountains on the left of the wide version
Damn, I've never seen such bright moonlight. This is stunning.
it is quite bright! how long was that exposure/ how high was the ISO? really curious to see how it looked irl though... 
It was v bright, clear skies, no need for a torch or anything. A few seconds I think. 
Was this in the summer or recently?
May 25th 2016 :) 
Reminds me of a vagina. 
That is epic... gorgeous, wow
Beautiful! Also, I now have the Jurassic Park theme stuck in my head.
I can see [hammond and malcom](https://i.imgur.com/IKfRe1W.jpg) at the base of the falls.
I visited there! I was on a helicopter. 
I visited here Spring Break of 2014. Pictures don't give it justice. A truly breathtaking experience. 
Theme song now stuck in head
I wanna swim in that
I see Mother Nature's sweet juicy love fruit everywhere. Totally looks like a vagina with a lot of green pubes 
If you would like to see some more work that I do, feel free to check out my [Instagram, @danieljstein](http://www.instagram.com/danieljstein) or [website](http://www.djsphotovideo.com). I am not a professional photographer, but I do have fun with the hobby.
Your helicopter is ruining my hike. 
Vagina
I see that you've spared no expense to get that shot.
I stood right at the bottom of that waterfall when I went to Hawaii. This brought back some awesome memories, love it 
Huh, guess we found earth's vagina
I'm a bot, *bleep*, *bloop*. Someone has linked to this thread from another place on reddit:- [/r/jurassicpark] [Bucket list for sure](https://np.reddit.com/r/JurassicPark/comments/5th1cp/bucket_list_for_sure/)[](#footer)*^(If you follow any of the above links, please respect the rules of reddit and don't vote in the other threads.) ^\([Info](/r/TotesMessenger) ^/ ^[Contact](/message/compose?to=/r/TotesMessenger))*[](#bot)
Down by the coconut tree, the first time she showed it to me...
It's on private land so you can't really hike to it
Ugh. And I was there and everything. Tried to take a picture. And my finger was in it. Like a toddler with a camera. So disappointing. But I'm glad you got a nice picture. 
such a beauty
And my finger was in Maui, I went on the rivers.
Funny enough I just saw Jurassic Park in theaters on Wednesday and was wondering where this was!
We'll have landed by the time you get it right..
It depends on the helicopter ride?
Magical is the only fitting word for all of Hawaii's natural beauty
There is one helicopter tour on the island that has permits to land and get out at the base of the waterfall. My wife and I did it on our honeymoon, and it was incredible. Highly recommended.
If this is private, who the hell owns a fucking waterfall??
You can hike to it. Pretty difficult but well worth the time
I see a vagina 
Wonder what they did with the landing bad 
The theme automatically starts up in my head...
It's not known as anything other than its Hawaiian. Name. Fucking mainlanders 
Thank you for getting that of my chest. 
Yonic - as opposed to phallic
/r/holesomememes 
Wet vagina. 
tnx I thought i was the only one :D 
How's ya bunnyWet and runny
Definitely a bergina
Mother Earths vagina
Thank you so much kind friend!
Me too. I think that for me that's probably the most iconic music from a film. It really takes me back to seeing that scene in the theater for the first time.
That theme song is so epic it makes me cry
Same! I did doors off, truly breathtaking. 
Hey, considering doing that when I visit Maui this summer.  Is it worth it to fly over and do the helicopter ride?
Hey, considering doing that when I visit Maui this summer.  Is it worth it to fly over and do the helicopter ride?
Funny thing, on Kauai people don't usually swim in the rivers. Maybe up in the mountains it isn't so bad but lower down there is flesh eating bacteria in the water. Or at least that's the way it was when I lived there. Sucks because it's so pretty by the rivers.
You can't hike to it. 
Thank you! I know the feeling though, half of my shots from this particular heli ride had the rotor in it. I tried slow and fast shutter speeds, it did not make a difference, the only way I could get shots is if the helicopter banked in the direction of my door...
By saying fucking mainlanders you're implying mainlanders call it that, which contradicts the first part of your statement. Logicked. 
I'll up vote that. Mainlanders come and try and rename something because they saw it in a movie. Manawaiopuna Falls is the water fall seen in Jurassic Park. But it is no more Jurassic Park falls than the Golden Gate Bridge is Godzilla bridge. 
I hereby call it dickbutt falls. Your first statement is invalid.
TIL.
One could say gushing
That reminds me, how's your mum?
Is that Oahu? If so I will be there April. Is there a hiking trip to see this beauty?
I guess I should see this movie, after ya know being here and all.
Same! It is amazing - your picture is much better than mine was lol
So this is in Maui? I guess I *have* seen it in person then. It was quite the experience and definitely worth the fly over. Also, I would suggest you take a submarine tour while you're there too. I wish I could go back!
Yeah it's fun
Well that took an interesting turn
That's not true
Flesh eating bacteria? Not even. Leptospirosis, yeah.  Whoever was telling you that just didn't want to take you swimming. Source: Do swim, am living. 
(   )
Nope Kauai...
No Kauai is a different island of Hawai'i. Oahu does have may waterfalls though like Manoa, Lulumahu and Hamama to name a few. Smaller waterfalls but less challenging hikes. 
Unfortunately the land is privately owned and permission is required to traverse it. I'm pretty sure they only allow like 30 minutes to an hour too...
You should. The CGI holds up very well for a movie of that time.
Maybe not better, just different! 
This is on Kauai not Maui. 
I went and looked up if there were any recent cases and I couldn't find any, looks like the most recent outbreak was 2012. So you're probably correct at this point. But when I lived there it was true. There were signs posted at parking areas near rivers warning people not to swim, I only ever saw kayakers on the rivers. No locals or tourists went in swimming.
That's why you gotta take the helicopter tour. 100% worth it!
Well most of it was done with practical effects and animatronics.
I thought I hiked this but I didn't, there is another great waterfall on Kauai though.
My bad, the person I was replying to mentioned Maui. Either way, you can never go wrong with a helicopter ride in Hawaii!
A lot of people would go in the water, but not drink it due to leptospirosis. 
Lucky we live Kauai  don't forget to visit queens bath be careful of strong rip currents and poli hale at the north shore of Kauai 
Yes, the animatronics are supplemented by CGI. Which is what gives the sequences realism.
I am going to Kauai in 10 days for my honeymoon and can't decide between the cheaper helicopter ride or more expensive doors off ride. 
Yup. The whole thing looked really ahead of its time thanks to how they shot those scenes. Hell, I remember when Jurassic World came out and a lot of people were complaining that the CGI looked more real in JP.
When I was in Maui, I went on the helicopter ride with the doors on and I thought it was amazing. Doors off will probably be a lot louder and a lot windier, but might provide for a closer-to-nature feel. Whatever you decide, I'm sure it will be great and your SO will definitely be impressed. Also, congratulations!
It depends on the type of person you are. Do you want to feel a little closer to your environment and having a full view to either your left or right? Or would you rather sit more comfortably in a quieter, wind-free environment? I did doors off because I wanted to have my own views of nature, with doors on you could be stuck sitting next to a person, not a window. Whichever you decide, I hope it adds some excitement to what will for sure be a fantastic honeymoon! 
I want to go there
This looks like emerald lake?
So serene and relaxing 
Jesus?
Very cool to see it in the snow. I went in the summer and it was incredible, wish I could go in the winter but suspect it might be hard to access.
I've been on top of the mountain to the right... absolutely amazing. 
I've fished off those rocks, was one of the best day hikes I've taken.
Same lake. Different time of year. http://imgur.com/AIU6bQ6
We used to sled their as kids. You'd hit the ice at about Mach 1 then hold on for dear life as the ripples would try to destroy your sled. We managed to walk away with all our teeth. 
What makes the water freeze with ripples rather than smooth like most frozen lakes?
When was this taken? Hiking up past Dream to Emerald Lake tomorrow.
It's like a scene from Darksouls
Is this the forgotten vale?
Truly a dream shot. Nice job.
stunning
Was there last summer, and I'm itching to go back but I also know there are plenty of other places this country has to offer that I still need to see
Why does the ice look cracked at the bottom of the photo...
I was just there this summer. It's by far the most beautiful state I've seen! If you hike up another two miles or so, I believe Sky Pond is at the top, and that's a treat. If I can remember, I'll link photos when I'm not on mobile!
I love Colorado.
love this place. stoked to be back in exactly one month!!! it will still be frozen im sure.
I see this and just think, how cold is it there 
Super short drive from Estes Park, which is about an hour or so outside of Denver. RMNP is my favorite place to go as a native Coloradan and can't recommend it enough due to its proximity to Denver and access to amazing places like this lake. 
Liz Lemon, is that you?
Real close, if you keep hiking up it's the last lake of the 4. Bear, Nymph, Dream, Emerald. 
Access in winter is just as easy in summer.  There is always a well worn boot/snowshoe track to the lake.
Wind
Yesterday! Looks like it's getting some snow today so it should be a beautiful hike for you!
Emerald Lake is one of my favorite places on Earth.  So beautiful.
I mean you're not wrong but it was a record high 80 degrees in Denver yesterday 
The drive up is also lovely. I took this shot the other week on a sunny day with veils of clouds and freezing fog.https://imgur.com/gallery/NzZbU
Wooooowwww. No way. Im in Jersey n Im pretty certainly we've never had 80s here in February. Hell winter for that, but it was 62 3 days ago . Im going to Florida.
I love pictures like this. They make me so thirsty and just make me want to go swimming somewhere. Pics like this make me appreciate water more in a weird way.
I'll be there in May!
I can't wait to go back here some day.  LPT: save up for the helicopter ride
That was our exact plan last time we went.  Hiked in and didn't find out until the ranger station that the helicopter wouldn't be flying on the day we were leaving.  We did at least have our bags packed out on the mules.
It looks like the place behind the graveyard in Kakariko Village.
Great pic. Is that water potable?
Well that's pretty neat
Legit beautiful.
Havasupai is awesome! I love it down there. Great pic, you captured it well.
way too saturated. looks like a lovely spot though
The blue of that water is so enticing, it literally calls to youpretty sure all I wanted to do the entire time we were there was be in the water.
I cant imagine what im gonna feel when i walk into this part finally and see this place with my own eyes.
Enjoy, it's easily one of the most majestic places in the US!
I would recommend hiking in, as it makes the reward so much sweeter, and taking the helicopter ride outbecause it's torture having to leave the place and is a long, hot hike out
It runs through an Indian village full of horses so I wouldn't drink or cook with it without filtering and boiling first. There is however spickets in the campground.
It's mind blowing
Woah never thought I would see my home community on this sub! Crazy.
There seems to be some bleed around the edges of the trees where you have altered the sky. Nice pic but takes the effect away when it's clearly edited! Maybe try something a tad more subtle next time! :)
So much... purpleThis is without post-processing?
I live right around here, you'd think this was some nice park. It's actually part of a gated community. Still pretty though. 
Awesome seeing Lake Monticello on here! Spent many, many summers there, great little lake.
I think your framing and subject are really neat!
Love the colors.  Great job!
amazing
Too much color grading, perhaps toning it down would give more realistic look and better feeling..
Are you from LM too?? I went to school in Fluvanna. 
They tried to make the trees brighter from brightening the exposure on them but did a sloppy job of it
I appreciate that! Still learning. 
Thank you so much! 
Every photo you've ever seen on this subreddit has been processed after it's taken, even film photos have been processed by dodging and burning
Thank you
you can clearly see halos over trees from overprocessing
haha yeah I may have made it look a little better than in real life. Did you grow up around here? I lived there for a long time. 
Wow really? I grew up here as well. Did you live in the lake? 
Thank you Twinfrock! 
I appreciate it! Thank you!
Thank you so much! 
Thank you! I actually kept pushing this one because the more color the better I thought it looked. I definitely could tone it down a bit for a more natural look for sure. 
True, looks like the contrast button from Apple got turned all the way up 
Yup, parents still live there and everything haha. Went to FHS and graduated in 2011! Then JMU, and now living in DC :).
Thank you so much!
I like it. Reminds me of Moses in Charlton Heston's movie where he turns the river Nile red with blood.
It's okay. You just have to tell them thank you and move on! 
Heh I posted one non processed one... still looks amazing though
Love how vivid it is. What editing software?
My wife graduated from FHS and then JMU and we just moved from DC haha. Small world. 
I have never seen it. I will have to look that up! 
I mean, you should take constructive criticism where you can get it... how else do you get better? 
Thank you! Just Lightroom.
What do you mean? Of course I take and appreciate constructive criticism. Although I believe there is a right way to give and receive it. All opinions are welcome too though! 
Looks like a painting Bob Ross might do.  [I can see him now, spreading some Titanium Huwhite](http://i.imgur.com/QP3IFyi.jpg) 
This is the type of picture that gets framed and put on a wall! Great work! 
Can you share your technique?  That's a lot of pixels!
Wow, gorgeous shot! I'm dying to visit Yosemite 
I'm glad to see so many people like this image from Valley View in Yosemite! We left the Bay Area at 1am and chased a winter storm into the valley, setting up at 5:30am and waiting for the light to show up. Eventually, we were rewarded with a beautiful sunrise...To answer some frequently-asked questions: - This image was taken at https://www.google.com/maps/place/Tunnel+View/@37.7156829,-119.6793968,17z at sunrise on Saturday, 4 Feb 2017 - You may download the full-size, 500 MB, 16-bit TIFF of the image free of charge from https://drive.google.com/open?id=0BwBr3CgAgP14U3hyOWFYOHJwdHc - The picture was taken with a Phase One IQ3 and a Schneider 75-150mm lens at 75mm f/8 . That is the equivalent focal length to a 50mm lens on a full-frame DSLR.
I think this is the best photo I've ever seen on this sub. Hands down.
Absolutely magnificent. The mist shrouding the trees makes it look like something out of a fantasy.
This is gorgeous! Was this recent? What trail was it? Planning to go the last weekend in Feb and now realizing a lot of the trails will be closed because I'm an idiot :-/
That's a sharp ass image
Great shot! As for PP: If anything, I would not sharpen the sky so much as you can see some lines, or pull up the highlights again to even it out.Still jealous about Yosemite though, have to go there this spring. 
What's in the ~350px you cropped off one side? ;)
Is this a common photo to take or something? This looks VERY similar to a photo that I had to review(lack of better word) in high school photography.
tunnel view is literally never the same twice, and i will never, ever get sick of looking at it. this is absolutely incredible.
Instantly one of the best submissions to this sub I've ever seen!
And....new desktop background.Amazing shot, I particularly like that you get the clear skies, the snow from Half Dome, and then this eerie fog on the valley floor. Only ever visited Yosemite Valley in the summer, but this is making me want to make a trip in the winter now. Well done!
Do they really leave that waterfall running all year like that? Seems like a waste of water.
Look at all those happy little trees
Do you have a Flickr or other non-reddit photo account?  I'd love to use this as a background, but reddit's photo compression is terrible.
Didn't look at the resolution on mobile and my phone crashed trying to load it. RIP
Awesome picture!  Thanks for giving me a seasonal change for my current favorite [wallpaper!](http://i.imgur.com/lXTjkpe.png)
Really impressive. Thank you for sharing this!
Thank you for sharing this. It's beautiful. One of the best tunnel view shots I've seen! 
I have a question.  What species of pine tree are those which have red needles?  Is this a normal cycle?  Disease?
The mist among the trees is touching in its beauty
Anyone else unable to look at this pic with two hands? Or is it just me?? Well shot OP . 
That was... more pixels than my bandwidth was expecting.
Looks like a screenshot from Red Dead Redemption 2
Is there any way to purchase a copy of this photo? 
No matter where I zoom, this photo is amazing. 
This is absolutely breath taking. Looks like the light still hasn't reached some of that forest.
So many times a day I think about leaving everything to just go see Yosemite. 
Just curious, did you take it today?I was driving on the 15N to Vegas and caught today's sunrise, it was awesome.
It's so beautifullllllllAlmost every day this season the Yosemite instagram has posted a picture that makes me just want to go there immediately 
Please take more photos and post them all, please.
Thank you. This is the first good picture that fills my dual ultra wide monitors. Amazing work of art.
100% my new desktop wallpaper. Thanks!
More Yosemite! More moar MOAR
Oh my goodness, that is stunning! I'm going there in a few months, anyone have low trafficked, beautiful hikes to explore?
Jesus these are so many pixels that the app stops working every time I try to load the picture
This picture is magic.
In Soviet Russia, sunrise catch YOU!
That's the kind of fog that when you are in the valley hangs 2-3 feet above ground like magic.
Where exactly did you stand to take this? I havent seen a shot composed quite like this but it is by far the best view Ive seen 
Wow that's incredible. What camera do you use?
Thanks for the new background! This is beautiful
Well, that's just stupid pretty (as in I revert to not being able to form a coherent phrase to describe this).Well done!
Why hello there, new MacBook Pro wallpaper. Fancy meeting you here.
[deleted]
Does this come in high res?
I grew up in Mariposa, then spent a few years in El Portal. I have seen Yosemite in many forms, but never like that. That is fucking beautiful (:
Looks like the Winter Storm has cleared for the most part haha, nice Ansel Adams inspiration! 
[So good I needed to view it with appropriate music.](https://youtu.be/pPWVfCtnGyg)
This is so pretty it looks fake
I've seen this in person. And even with your own eyes it looks photoshoped. Like your eyes can't believe this is real. It's so gorgeous!
One of my favorite places on Earth 
One the most beautiful pictures I've ever seen. You did an amazing job. Thank you for sharing.
Careful of those Bigfoot 
Beautiful. I'd love to score an experience like this one day 
Everything in this picture is beautiful. The sky, mist, trees, mountains and the waterfall.
Sell this to Apple. 
My new background for the next 10 years. Thank you for such a high quality (and amazing) pic! 
This is real? We're sure
I've been to Yosemite over 5 times and when I see pictures like this I'm still not convinced it's a real place. Absolutely stunning. Every time. 
It's weird to think there are places like this on earth when you toil in a nine to five with paved roads, street lights and cashiers everywhere. This picture singlehandedly put visiting Yosemite on my bucket list...great pic!
I still always upvote Half Dome! Yosemite valley is heaven on Earth 
Thanks for sharing.  Makes my heart smile. 
Looks like a Bob Ross painting
This photo has so many pixels my phone crashes every time I try to open it 
Lookslike gravity falls 
This is America, John Muir for president. Do you even mountain bro!
Wow
Jesus, that ZOOM is amazing! Well done!
Holy shit
This place looks magical. 
I think this is the type of picture that fills my dual ultra wide monitors.
If you zoom in far enough you can see a mosquitos balls in pixel 11210 and 7008.
Last time I came through Yosemite there was a pretty bad blight. I'm seeing a lot of red pine trees in that picture. Sad to see it getting worse
that's el capitan on the left, yeah? i didn't realize how fucking massive it was. 
Earth is amazingly beautiful
So epic! I'm visiting in a couple weeks. Even more excited thanks to your photo. 
GowndonInget there? (Serious ;)
Wow! Is that even real??? Amazing photo quality and imagery!!!
Yosemite has always been one of my favorite places on earth, and last time I camped there it rained in the valley and snowed on the mountains, starting right around the elevation of the tunnel. It was one of the most magical things I've ever seen/experienced.
This is incredible. 
Jaw-dropping image and view :O Wow. Thanks for sharing!
Jeeeeezus
So much Yosemite in this sub. I want to go the US just to visit Yosemite
Grew up in the 80s and 90s going to Yosemite every year. I now go every few years and camp right near Happy Isles in Upper Pines. This is the only Nature like place where I can go and feel at home given how much I've been here. The magical feeling NEVER wears off. Favorite place on earth. May it never change and may everyone get an opportunity to go and experience the majesty and beauty here.
Yeah, we were definitely there at the same time...
Incredible sight. Much respect.
May I ask, what camera did you use to take this photo? The quality is amazing!
That waterfall though. Fantastic picture. 
this looks like a scene in my head as i read the ***Redwall*** series as a kid
It looks like Utopia.
One of the best pics I've seen on this sub.
I really love that you made such an ordinary shot into something that looks like I have never seen it before with good framing and editing :)
This is way too pretty to be real. Amazing job.
I would get this framed and hang it up. This is a beautiful scene. Thumbs up!!
God I can't wait to be there in October. Inspiration Point is just... magic.
Crazy dude. I'm seeing this high
From which viewpoint/place is the photo taken if I my ask. Traveling to Yosemite myself in late March and this looks absolutely stunning!
Gorgeous
I'm sure you were going for a natural look, but if you emphasized the lighting and contrast a little more this would pass for a lost [Bierstadt](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Albert_Bierstadt) 
Next apple OS X default background.
That storm has been screwin us for days, not to mention the storms from the past 6 weeks...
Damn
Incredible. 
This is such a beautiful image. That waterfall doh.
so 1999
wow.  Absolutely beautiful shot.
wow
Nice picture. Thanks for sharing. 
Looks like Westworld 
The same gas that the Germans used. They are tired of bears stealing those picnic baskets.
Looks incredible! Sone very similar views on the western fringes of North Wales near Snowdonia, really powerful.  
Its hard to believe that a place so beautiful really exists. Great photo.
Very nice
Truly amazing! I will go back there someday. Every corner I turned took my breathe away. .I felt such peace there. Thank you for sharing. 
My iPhone 5 instantly crashes Reddit when trying to load this in high quality.
I never respond to photos even if I like them, but this one is special 
It's weird to think there are places like this I'm still not convinced it's a real place.
That is amazing. 
Is that Half Dome on the left?
Beautiful picture. This is something I would find on the desktop of my computer lol.
This inspires me so much to go hiking at Yosemite. I'm planning to go spring break with my friends, but this pic makes me want to go NOW. Props to OP
HEY I KNOW WHERE THIS WAS TAKEN
I'd be interested in seeing any bad photos taken from that point. That's the view that greets you when you first come out of the tunnel into the valley btw. Tons of people take photos from there, but I've yet to really see a bad one
Obviously did not dissapoint
This shot is just so good that it's making me angry.
So high quality my phone crashed and I can't see the whole beauty of it :(
I literally said out loud holy shit when I saw this photo
Very nice, did you try to remove Chromatic Aberration in post production?
Crisp. 
That place sure is special. They should probably protect it or something 
Hot damn, that's a photograph. I really dig how there's a mixture of orange-toned and blue-toned parts.
This is a super common spot to shoot Yosemite from. I've seen a number of photos here from it. I've never been to this spot. Where exactly is this?
This can't be real.
Incredible
Thanks for the new phone background!
Jesus fuck thats beautiful! Storm chase was well worth it. Amazing pic
Why isn't the pic loading? :(
Beautiful.
This will be the new Mac background.
Stunning photo
This isn't being said enough...very good photo...assuming you took this yourself. If this doesn't make a person yearn to explore nature, nothing will. Great job!
This picture crashes my phone :(
This picture deserves an award. Absolutely beautiful. Thanks for sharing.
So worth it... thanks for sharing a great capture!
The word Yosemite annoys me because of the difference of how I think it is pronounced be how it's supposed to be pronounced.
We must protect this.
Wow
Beautiful.
I think this is the biggest picture size I've ever seen. Also one of the most beautiful pictures I've ever seen.
This is just beautiful. I had to update my background image. This is the best picture of Yosemite I have ever seen! It gives a good idea how wonderful it would be to be seeing this. Thanks for chasing that storm!
What a beauty, great shot! Resolution is so high it crashed reddit on my phone haha
instant desktop
This makes me wanna cry its so amazingly beautiful.  I think of american Indians and what America was before it became overpopulated with careless people and businesses.   
This is breathtaking!!
Oh shit!
I can't thank you enough for the high resolution. It is so great to zoom in on things and have them be so sharp!
Somewhere down there the Ents and about to attack Isengard 
what a cheater this is an Apple Background 
Trees are mountain warts. 
Looks like my default wallpaper
Great picture. This image is very high in pixel count.
Looks like a screensaver on a PC, if it's legit great work!
Really nice picture. Perhaps my new favorite picture to date, what a wonderful share. Wish I could visit this place in person sometime soon. 
Wait is that Half Dome on the left? It looks huge in this pic. Like a mountain all on its own. I thought it was a smallish (like 100ft or so) formation on top of a larger mountain. But this is making up the whole side of a valley on its ownI'm not American and I've never seen Half Dome from this angle, but I love the landscapes in NA. I want to visit someday, hopefully for a long time.
I *LOVE* this hi-res photos! They are so rare!Great shot!
Incredible!
I feel like stating that everything can be an art on Reddit is opening a can of worms ... 
You chased the winter storm, but the winter storm was going there anyway
Jesus, that looks like one of those pictures out of a geography textbook that explains how geological processes work.
this should have been the OS X yosemite photo. It's beautiful! but it crashes my phone
V dangerous. How cold did it get??
All this is missing is the base jumper no one notices hucking a huge gainer. 
Dude, what camera did you take this with?
These titles are cracking me up
Looking like Halo Reach's Forge World 
[removed]
It looks fresh out of Middle Earth!
OP, can you tell me what camera did you use with this shot?
Can we just rename this sub YosemitePorn? It's been days since I saw a shot of the Torres Del Paine.
Yep.
Don't enter the fog. It's probably frost fog. Or maybe it's a happy little cloud.
I think this is the highest res picture I have ever seen
Yo-send-me-dees Yosemite pics 
WOW! Hope I can experience the same vista one day
Stunning shot.
That's a lot of pixels ya got there, sir.
Can't thank you enough for this incredible photo. Absolutely stunning. Can't wait to visit. 
No you didn't this is literally just a view from the parking lot  
oh god, yet another tunnel  view photo.
Beautiful.
Isn't it the same place OS X wallpaper was from?
My god!
everyone takes this picture :x
Great photo! That rock on the left is an apple screensaver! 
West Coast storms move west to east...so you chased it from the ocean?
In Soviet Russia, sunrise catch YOU!
[Tried a tilt shift edit](https://imgur.com/gallery/ADUQZ) Hope you like it
This is framed like an ansel adams photo I saw recently
This is probably my favorite photo from the tunnel view lookout in a long time! I have gotten so board of this subject because it always looks like an Ansel Adams or Galen Rowell knockoff. You've made it interesting again! I love the fog hanging low in The Valley. 
O so beautiful
Wow, the size of the photo just makes it that much better! I could sit here and study the details at full size for a while... Beautiful!
Woah.
I'd love to be there right now. That's beautiful. 
I went here in December and it's surreal. It's stunning
This is so high res it crashes reddit on my phone when I try to zoom in 
I haven't chase any winter storms lately. Good work.
Chases a winter storm is probably the most bad ass thing I've read this week
This image is so big that I cant open the full res
Ansel Adams, ft. color. Very nice work!
Love Yosemite 
Wait, I thought the waterfalls dry up in Yosemite during the Fall/Winter?  I'm planning on visiting Yosemite around September/October and that's what I read.
This would be a sick .gif if the waterfall was flowing.
OP, possible for you to take another picture with a way higher vantage point?  
What camera did you take this with? The shot looks gorgeous!
This has so many pixels that it crashes my reddit app when i try to load the pic
That's cool,  your post is in the top 10 of the day on all.
Nice picture.
Where did you go in Yosemite to get this lookout?
Finally, an image big enough to use for my wallpaper
Dayum son! 
Is ... is that real?
One day a guy chased a winter storm- ooh is that a waterfall back there? https://youtu.be/L55dKrjxcCY 
This picture is legendary
This would make a great puzzle! Beautiful photo :)
Wow!  Good work OP, very impressed!
Upvote because for once it's not low resolution like most pics on this sub. 
Is that the same rocky mountain as on the iOS Yosemite wallpaper? 
Looks like you and 50 others chased the storm to this exact spot with the exact clouds...https://www.google.com/search?tbs=sbi:AMhZZit1wFCqYFLM6Dy0RF5kM7CDZsOERsPgJP5Uy5CEPT53e_1Izabcwcp-rWAlUZY-gPCb8odXOP-avwasVvum60g_19HNJusyJ2pUGovAXooCQvClxfTMq-g_10rJut5IRGLE7YZZxhZ-IqZ5hMVAkZCOEXNkhOtdK07ni8AiGpZYa-UHIfEXaNqPt3u1dzUmxYEV9U-oYlKmXfCifZJp67D1ViZwzDYkM_1DFL7_198mwg0YTUkvnhmMFETaCSvIJ_1LaQGZxiy7WFmcR1QLRwrZghFDVIXNuAD1fwu77PVaUOrB3xziQjcYey1ZsgqyitzEEpNdb2VgQ7cVa34Z50qbvwRKsws_1ZCV17o1RjSQfLaIMSaRXxIB2UzdI2WzmJi8ybAqC0sDIeZUz5gAwbHBPeMTFXVOXwrEyCxBXykH9kfOUupr6_1ptjXBGr_1EMJL9pINoiJoEjRHZhzC-4zzwHEDNF264pQ5dZk8SabwjRR3ppWsrN2_1YWtSAGeFVMJvSHcg16e0Pa5A7gOcTB1y1b3rAn0YvX8DyPq9nA4QWSqq5s8nVbMGSlo9eu_1Or38IpPr6a0A86MQBq02HMJ5urMb3m2CF4d_1W6QC_1_1VfNgRdSBHPnC_1UrTqKoU5Vbyi6Euzx7_1z4Ac7VQL7U44Y3hinvBIakOD1oVDbw_1ivfgohyA3nmxEJ2NF_1NI960mR45srwtvdjgcYNsn56TlfyaHDiiuHRgMHrNr8zqsCj-YMEJ65QQJB-ywKkJ6xFhrudx9Od_1fPc_15_1BxQLKG0zusqQewa9j_1rqQsr9aUWZz7VfPUdVW7tLKfOb1QzIzifx45vbimDpI0DxIjh_160yQO2ijc0Zx1F7nZ2dQuPDfGY-4C1xPHN0IaipaYSDkUmMfLJUfvAc2SlRT1Qof5enwaSEhICeSIi34tZQovgSW7AT0_1TwqZZfIqG2-D1a5G5Q3hkO2JG-YxEhkaluZA84p_159q1sRCevzEUI2DfxtAiStRcbAI4cdzKqEjD3CpZTVrWZMPSgWB99UMOOl6WYxNq9b9ZRLGfmA1Ii0zp_1nBmEyO_12ApIkeBql1oQs2qzeCjaaCs3gY2CmT6YBtu0fwLz3lwlAhMosGa6wKNM3Fqe4xGNHsuxukYP-FzoST8FbcHbHwSYchJZfZb6JDVtnqOuA7zhzJOoylD_1Q07A55SSlSL_1JVGW_1OtDNfFgLC7X8utCE4zZexEPT35O43Vv06nHABBp7CSxByAg2djjk4OSAduEOAdzOAxkbfvj5ZkAxE0EeWQv0oe_1UcYRa6O8qX2NfugQvg7O0EG7q5JvUuN9SH9n9DyvsiZGpvXO_10jgCgGeQVOQKVxQn7rW007KyimkJ88Wxyl0tCDUd9knwAdcFtcq-P8zoYo1rDuwsq3eei6-ruF662v1mRalv0lmUPxLVT9HjWytBTr4gvywWPQxIG4MiUV5qPdl3jfs9GDzqAzYL9SncF4sFLzpPyhenIlk4c-X25GQ9Wc2-uz527OA0vTu4Zq6P9pJRHk2lWBi8GFS02Y9JElhqGmtTuJwcjm8h21aFC8qxUr_1a1NUYWJ7sXR-P834PJXuvLJIHBoyfvcKyM-9_1FrU1bFGULp9t-KoOr1BWffUOVVeLf9inDIekAqmUYCi1G01m0T1qhwl-zrGJ0WWBwX5gypAAZb5B95RGGm18ujJm1Lzs701xFQ8JxSkZe4BLyh3JYTBNfC8q6mr3MAVHmztfE2-mChvlFTNnR-XBYkBJw33uuH3221aGV8rNEm7XDwXdiIqIi6df9XEVETVWEcgVBZyewC
Happy. Little. Trees.
This is your mountain, it can go anyyyyyywhere you'd like 
Just tap tap tap tap. And then tap tap tap tap your brush like this. See? It's easy. 
*smacking brush against leg of easel* ... then you just beat the devil out of it. *smiles at camera men soaked in paint thinner*
We don't make mistakes. Just happy little accidents
What he would do is put a big fucking tree on the side ruining the painting at the end.  
Bob Ross was a boss.
That subtle moment of uncertainty whether you currently browsing /r/photoshopbattles or not
Idk how this thought has *never* crossed my mind before (and I promise you it hasn't), but I bet Bob Ross was almost exactly the same when he had a lovemake as when he painted.I picture him being very courteous, complimentary, encouraging, and professional. I bet he slowly and calmly described what he was going to do during the lovemake just like when he painted.The thought is adorable bordering on very troubling.
Dude, that looks exactly like the picture!  How did you find...oh.
Never forget Thalo Blue
Perfect. Click. Bait.
I see what you did there ^_^  Great work!
And some Prussian blue. Not too much ofcourse.
This guy lived. 
We have [4 of his paintings](http://i.imgur.com/02KFsrH.jpg) hanging in an office at my university.
Somebody edit this picture and add Send Nudes in the waterfall! Message me when somebody end up making one because I would love to have it.
The real photoshop battle is always in the comments of another sub
Needs more happy trees.
was just about to say that! this is a beautiful photo, keep up the great work! 
/r/photoshopbattles 
Wait... Did you Photoshop that with Ross in there?
This is the type of picture you sell to Apple to replace their comparatively shitty default Yosemite background picture.
From Tunnel view, take two shots @ 50mm (full-frame DSLR) -- one exposed for sky, one for the ground. Set white balance from snow on Half Dome. Load both shots into Photoshop; select highlights in the ground shot, create layer mask, apply to sky shot. Bring up shadows in ground shot (a lot). Crop off annoying tree on right edge of frame.Pixel count is just a function of equipment. Unless you're making really large prints, 10MP is more than enough.
Maybe a Phase One digital medium format (11608 x 8708 px)?
Did any body else notice that the picture when saved to phone does not have as many pixels? What could be the reason for this? I want that image in my phone with just as many pixels. HELP!
Half Dome lottery opens in March!
> Phase One IQ3$48,990.00!!
Im inclined to agree, its my new desktop backgorund.
This was one week ago, at Tunnel View. After the storm which just blew through today, I suspect you'll find a lot of water and snow in Yosemite high country for the next few weeks.  Good hunting!
This shot was taken from tunnel view. it's not a trail, it's a parking lot/vista point. This view is literally the first thing you see as you drive in to the valley
It's 14 MB. I can't believe Reddit hosts images that big.
Interesting, the banding isn't present in the original shot.  It may have been generated during the conversion to a sRGB .JPG ; the 20MB image size limit isn't friendly to very large originals.
> Still jealous about Yosemite though, have to go there this spring. Better get there asap. All those yellow/brown/red trees in OP's pic? Those are dying trees. It wasn't *that* bad in the tunnel view area months ago when I went. But it looks like the beetle infestation is still growing strong despite the recent rains.
A very distracting tree :)
This is Tunnel View, and Inspiration Point isn't far above it giving a similar result but with a little different depth perception due to the change in elevation. You'll see a lot of photographs from these points, but capturing an image like OP is more rare - the perfect weather, setting, and exposure gives obviously stunning results that can't be replicated every day.
It's common because anyone driving into Yosemite drives past this vista point. (it's called tunnel view)
I'm pretty sure Ansel Adams photographed exactly this view several times. No wonder - it's stunning. 
Winter and spring are the best times to visit, IMO. Winter you get snow; spring you get water and dogwoods.That said, it's beautiful year-round. 
Drop me a PM, and I'll send you the 16 bit .TIFF.
No problem Eric!
[These guys.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mountain_pine_beetle)We need a freaking cold winter to kill them, alternately, a few good wet years should have the trees healthy enough to keep the beetles at bay.
Pine bark beetle. Absolutely decimating everything below 4000'. 
Yeah, the beetles are absolutely SLAYING the trees. Everywhere you drive around here, it seems like half the trees or more are dying... It really depressing to see in person. My friend lost all 50+ trees on his property.
I hope
Certainly.  Your cost is $0.00 :)  PM me your email address, and I'll send you the 16 bit .TIFF.
This photo was taken on Saturday 2/4/17.  But I believe today had another good sunrise; we had another storm system blow through...
My camera didn't record GPS in the EXIF, but there were only two places I shot from that morning: just to the left of the sign at Tunnel View, and far down to the right along the stone wall. Both times I was right against the low stone wall, because the snow there had melted enough to get a couple tripod legs onto terra firma.One of those two is your bogey. Have fun shooting!
Images have been edited since there have been images ;) Cameras are nowhere near good enough to replicate what your eyes see, so photographers edit their images, either to try to add more realism or with other artistic goals in mind. 
Non-Mobile link: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Albert_Bierstadt***^HelperBot ^v1.1 ^/r/HelperBot_ ^I ^am ^a ^bot. ^Please ^message ^/u/swim1929 ^with ^any ^feedback ^and/or ^hate. ^Counter: ^30036
I tried using Photomatix to combine the raw images, and it came out looking like one of those paintings. Not the look I was going for, but pretty crazy.
No, that's El Capitan. Half Dome is the dome is in the center of the picture, furthest away. 
Tunnel view
Do you want a Mac Freeze with that?
That's El Capitan. Half Dome is in the center of the pic, furthest away. 
It's called El Capitan!  The rock in the back, Half Dome, is also an apple screen saver! ;)
Correct.  Live in Silicon Valley.  It's a 4-hour drive to Tunnel View.  Left home at 1AM.  Added bonus: no traffic :)
It's yet a different take on a beautiful scene.
Get a better phone.  My iPhone 6S Plus can handle zooming in all the way without crashing Reddit.
Late summer through late fall.  They can be dry if it's a drought winter, but this winter... water galore. Flooding, even.
It made my day :)
I have the camera raw files to prove it :)  It actually looked better in person - the sunrise was really dramatic.
Thanks man, my iPhone 6 craps itself trying to open it. Alien blue just crashes.pos phone
Tunnel View is one of the most popular photography locations in the entire world.  A reverse google image search is always going to bring up a ton of matches.
Make sure you get the angle right on the water, otherwise it looks like the water's gonna roll right out of your painting, and you'll have to tie a bucket on one side!
Until you realize that the brown/red trees in the corner **are dying/dead** due to the bark beetle infestation, which is due to the drought in California...Sad little trees. Dead little trees...But yup all the red/brown/yellow-ish looking trees are in the processes of dying, in this pic.
> This is your almighty mountain, it can go anyyyyyywhere you'd likeFTFY
And then beat the devil out of it
see? ggez noob
Like this? (My own pic btw)http://imgur.com/y2WOAxv
I can't help but ask aloud *What are you doin' Bob?* Only to be pleasantly surprised at the end.
RUINED 
He was a BRoss
He still is.
with some hot sauce o_o
> he had a lovemakeAfter thirty years on this planet you would think I'd have heard every possible way to describe having sex. But no.
Uh, it's spelled phthalo when it comes across the screen at the beginning.
No, they know what we want. You don't know what you want. We want dongles. You want dongles.
Boy, it's a good thing they give you the ability to change it.... who cares what the default is. 
Proof that digital photography is in fact an art. I'd love to see a tutorial :)
I love how it turned out in digital form, but a part of me wants to haul a 4x5 camera up there and attempt this on film!That said, I'd shoot digital as well as editing digital is mountains easier.  Kudos to the giants of B&W photography.> 10MP is more than enough.Says the guy posting a 96MP image ;)
> Crop off annoying tree on right edge of frame.lol, I know which tree you're talking about.  
Can you by any chance share the camera and lens that you used? Or at least camera pls, for... research purposes... >_>
All that went right over my head but I can appreciate the level of work and skill you put into it.
Is it possible to get the untouched images?
Nice! My only suggestion would be to fix the border between sky/land. It looks a little too dark, since you have your masks already you should be able to expand select and feather an adjustment layer on the border. I only notice it on half dome and the snowy hilltops just to the left and right of it.
Would your mountains be considered sky or ground in this shot. I want to have my hand in landscape but composites throw me curve balls
Ahhh that's why the sky seems brighter than at actual sunrise.
That annoying tree! I know exactly the one you mean lol. 
I loled at cropping out the annoying tree to the rightI didn't know the waterfall was going in winter. Did you layer that in for effect or was it actually going?
Did you use jpeg files or raw?
Why take two shots instead of just shooting in RAW? You can adjust exposure twice on the same shot.
But - people expect to actually see this. In real life. And no matter how long they stand there, they never will. Because you lied to them.
Could also be multiple shots stitched together
It was, OP replied to another comment.
What's that
I hiked it a couple of Augusts ago, and there was no one there to collect the passes. Is that common? 
Jesus christ CA needs to get their shit together.
I found it for a mere $43,900!
And a $6K lens
Seems cheap by comparison but the lens is $6,000 (!)
Valley is a wet, sloppy mess. YSSA got snow, more storms are incoming. Flood issues at the moment! We were very early evacuated again last night.
Did any body else notice that the picture when saved to phone does not have as many pixels? What could be the reason for this? I want that image in my phone with just as many pixels. HELP!
Original TIFF image is 500MB.
Any chance you can upload the original image to a file sharing site? 
~~Saw your other post - I had figured this was from a Phase One 100MP camera based on the vertical resolution.  Nicely stitched!~~Misread the other comment.  It *was* a PhaseOne!
Maybe the tree just wanted some attention. And you shunned it. Now it probably wants to cut itself down.On a more serious note, thanks for the awesome desktop background!
I'm convinced that inspiration point is a myth. I have been to Yosemite a lot and have hiked to inspiration multiple times. My SO and I looked for a good hour to find Inspiration Point, hiking back down and even further up and had no success. Trees blocked the view of of the valley from every angle. Maybe we just suck
To be fair, there are two other ways into the valley that don't go by tunnel view. 
You definitely arent the first person to say that re: Winter & Spring. Still...I remember the trips I went to Yosemite from LA as a kid where we'd stay in Oakhurst overnight then come into the valley for a week. We used to stay in Lower River until the Flood, then we moved to Lower Pines. This is just expediting my desire to make that call (well not this season, but maybe the next.)
May and September.
May and September.
Interesting, I knew what is killing them but didn't know how to stop them. Thanks! I'll tell that to the bystanders next time I'm peeing on a tree.
Very cool, man. Great shot, and thank you for the explanations!
I was going to say it looks like something captured near [Inspiration Point](https://www.yosemiteconservancy.org/staff-picks/inspired-inspiration-point) but further downhill. Looks like you indeed got this right at [Tunnel View](http://www.myyosemitepark.com/famous-viewpoints/). What time were you here when you got this shot? The mist in the trees is absolutely stunning, I don't believe I've ever seen Yosemite like that, and I would have no idea when to expect something like that. You said you chased the snow in - were you anticipating this result?
You did an amazing job btw. Do you have an IG? How can I see more pictures from you? Do you sell prints or anything like that, I have never bought a picture but I like this one!
I have the iPhone 6. It has an aneurysm whenever I click the image.
It's amazing!  Looks like something from another world.  Nicely done!
Ps. I think I'm going to get this printed for my office.  Got a higher res image available?
same thing on my ipad too
He actually practiced those paintings before he did the paintings that he filmed.  So, his paintings weren't quite as spontaneous and unrehearsed as they appeared.
Well aren't you just a little ray of sunshine. We'll put you way up high, illuminating the upper slabs of El Capitan with a faintly reddish glow. Just a couple dabs of brown and red on those happy little slabs.
Drought's fucking over though. Pretty sure.  I mean, it has rained 17 of the last 20 days here. We have a dam bursting. We're pretty wet, but happy.  I hope most of the trees are saved.
Forestry bro. Sad stuff We've lost in the neighborhood of 104 million trees, half of which were estimated to have perished in just the last year alone.Additionally, the bark beetles and drought are such a deadly combo because of the fact that all forest fires used to be aggressively extinguished due to our relative ignorance about forest ecology.  It was the belief of Gifford Pinchot that fire was the greatest enemy of our forested lands. We now understand that title belongs to the insects. Stands became overcrowded and filled with debris, so not only did subsequent insect infestations become worse, but following forest fires were also much more intense; so much so in fact that they would wipe out the next generation of trees as well.  Sad, dead little trees indeed.grammar edit
Yo we have similar in BC... decimated the forests here for years before a cold winter finally got it somewhat in control.
Thanks Debbie downer
Death is part of life. Whippity shit.
We've already been through this with Pine Beetles here in Colorado.  They're finally starting to go away, but only because the beetles have run out of the type of trees they can live off.  We lost that fight, now all we can do is clean up the dead trees before a wildfire takes the whole state out.
Is that disease also killing trees further south in kings canyon? I'd assume but you seem like you know what's really up. 
But the drought is wanning and we'll see a resurgence soon enough!
But the drought is wanning and we'll see a resurgence soon enough!
You need an axe. For the sake of photographing the beauty of nature!!
Don't you hate it when nature gets in the way of nature?
Wow! What lens did you use-24mm? 
I like yours better, I wanted to see how grand it was without all the effects added and it still is majestic as hell
Yes like that.  
B. Ross
 Oh gawd I laughed at this. Your timing was perfect.   words, words words and then, ...But no. That's some comedic shit right there. I think I will close now and have a lovemake. 
Same age, same thought.
Sorry, I'm not an artist nor have I watched the show in years.
thanks, steve
But... that wasn't.. talking about... nevermind
it's an art, yes. but everything can be art.. sorta. this is master photography skillz
> Proof that digital photography is in fact an art.Seems more like proof that photography postproduction is a skill.
Indeed, irony :) That said, I don't want folks to get the impression that an ultra hi-res camera is required for this sort of photography. It's more about timing, composition, and dynamic range.A 4x5 film camera would be challenging for this shot because there's >10 stops of dynamic range between the sky and the shadow areas of the valley.
There was a landscape photographer I used to love, but I forgot his name. He brought these massive camera's to places to take huge shots and honestly they got me to love photography. I wish I remembered his name.
Me too lol it's so annoying
They commented below it was taken on a PhaseOne system, which is $$$$$
The untouched images look like shit. When you shoot RAW, they don't just come out of the camera looking like the scene in front of you. They look dull, unsaturated, poorly exposed, and nothing like what the eye sees. The post processing (the modern day equivalent to the development phase) is what makes the photo look lifelike or or oversaturated vomit. It's the skill of the photographer that determines what you see. 
Two RAW images are better than one. You even with RAW you can't push exposure that far. 
If the range is really high (OP said something like > 10), then you you might not be able to get a natural look with a single RAW image.
That's not true. The camera can't expose for both the valley and the sky/background because the light is too different. He made a truer to life image than the camera could alone by stitching two photos, one exposed for the foreground and one for the background. :) 
Photography is itself a lie. You edit the photo before you even press the shutter button by finicking with the aperture, shutter speed, ISO, white balance, and countless other functions that cameras have today. But who cares? It is an art and people enjoy looking at art. 
Vertical resolution matches to the pixel.
There are more people that want to climb/hike Half Dome than you want out there at one time. They have a lottery system to get a ticket to do the hike. They also have some spots available for walk-ins but you might end up waiting a few days (that's how I managed to sort it out). 
Hiking permit lottery for hiking up half dome. It's one of our most popular hikes.
You have to enter a lottery in order to have a chance at climbing Half Dome if I'm not mistaken. 
Usually a coin flip. I go every year. If someone's there you're not going up without a permit, despite whatever story you have. Camping is different. They always come around for wilderness permits in little Yosemite valley. 
43900! It's approximately 2.426644151403179702627803887284657194229945475677929147734672679343966879792972087885351973498515518763338898835487020251215797414016660446923041377527979562317254131700552349039513435383108147123467380582658366506053808177715781178218979598740087891654200632708320283353832602462989353552881100040487151714261080041556368878845602217767681182578652569679057697200358547115343822878798523720065731411258100872888778186245130483691187083934857604010086924602470920420866841554373375507578324299083896162456736499987404072634470572101273622933567957948067259034929276994176470437952956142020951894780012936594859911599720474776417262526389255544134319165629072152884674686170228151398819691823999902545808419175304514279535586917410233484429331484025194838018246373180826688251435242112454238401838394162634512539806389759856235288517519666713873156265147029449209076162548852814905271855251279125529857522907903164778650913157616545844244010528585215660232959706084264567954277308273638864665905274787606109273091120141866830803271145742173944782479764686012338292260870627585369714230523131526545577583635380717416105782487713517150727244103070814279427141150903733425863074649761256340741047755268217034346189524857079808304372762756304687095504644562478661723903131959730091485517453537303063154447976299079064156652755442848206515588935669708286446498380950027055986708877950207623025784362607657461007171833411219717762706056947302797623935692017047430498506727547759685604519485871224331132119258207047044162434906641798187942104479762160931276291213806466263749592475814723838091916450250464757868662050255672614523369998210736033224188697760951993785485033719281602583294490262607961346501065028537723573619363874219706765632508715769443416203674206454788396996676744810700874549049470717853851914917284609082736682235575124290502455206941737488163337948480618023927653258281870070562856220115404833495779577090252979931437989631349758326189907592115979268297834691735135706719771082813337172144041731287670908939489034021965396039237777565795021242670787498844552189035239078981576056682418984446036631365141008746259932123363898100921896061878045997273400785...  10^184741I don't really see how that is cheaper...
Yikes, you were evacuated? I'm planning on some winter camping in the valley for a few days starting Sunday. Were you camping? 
Here you are - enjoy!https://drive.google.com/open?id=0BwBr3CgAgP14U3hyOWFYOHJwdHc
Trail map?
We were actually hoping that it would snow more! I have a pre-dawn shot from a similar trip years earlier, with all the trees frosted and the stars wheeling in the sky. But the mist this time was in many ways better than snow.This was at 6:45am on 4 February.
Instagram is @yonly65 . But you'll find the content is different :DPhotography is just a hobby of mine; I'm flattered that you would like a print and you are free to order one from your online service of choice (I use Shutterfly).  I've included the link to the full-size 16 bit TIFF file in the comments so you can print the unadulterated version.
My Nexus 5 handles it just fine.
Yes, https://drive.google.com/open?id=0BwBr3CgAgP14U3hyOWFYOHJwdHc
Lalalalaallalalalalalaaaaaaa... I can't hear youuu!!
Don't droughts need more than a couple weeks rain normally? 
lol it's winter so droughts over. Super logical. 
I live very close to the Gifford Pinchot state park. This made me look into the person a little more. thank you.
Really an axe? that seems like a lot of work. Lighter is much easier
Stay away from my tree.
Snake was the Big Boss
Dang whippersnappers. People younger than thirty four will call it anything when two people wee on each other.
don't fret! there's always a few who fall through the cracks :(
Yes and no. There was intent when taking the shots that would eventually form a single image. Knowing what to capture and how to shoot it to have the right raw material is definitely mastery of a craft. There's only so much you can do with a bad shot in post production. 
Post production has always been a skill. It was just called the dark room before digital and photoshop. The real trick to having amazing photos though is to take the picture just right. Getting the right exposures and the right lighting. Otherwise you spend entirely too much time in post turning a shitty photo into a mediocre photo.  
I just recently got my first nice camera for christmas, a nice beginner-mid DSLR.  I found a sub reddit for people to post their photos in.  I did not realize how much post-production there was in all the amazing shots I saw.  I just though that the photographer was amazing at using lighting and exposure.  It honestly kind of disappointed me a bit, because I wanted to take beautiful photographs, not edit sub-par ones to make them beautiful.
10MP is the bomb for an 8x10 which sadly is pretty much be the largest people usually view nowadays.  There's something to be said for 20x30 prints.  Even there though, 20+ MP makes a pretty good print.Definitely a good point on the dynamic range, although Ektar 100 might handle it.  Portra 160 is pretty decent for latitude as well.  I think I'd wind up shooting two frames and compositing in post, at which point, why not just shoot digital.One could try a graduated filter as well, but those are a challenge to nail.  I can only imagine projecting this image from either a 120 frame, or a 4x5 projector though.
How long ago?
So much time trying to crop out that tree. 
Ah. I dig. Thanks!
I've done it before there was a lottery. I take it they have it because near the top it can get a little too crowded which makes it dangerous. I did the upper Yosemite falls hike last year which is a shorter hike but more strenuous in my opinion because it's pretty much straight up. Some magnificent views on the way up over looking half dome and the valley.
how's the view from the actual dome? i always wanted to do hikes that look at the dome, but never thought of trying out a hike up the actual dome....
I'm a bot, *bleep*, *bloop*. Someone has linked to this thread from another place on reddit:- [/r/unexpectedfactorial] [Expensive Camera](https://np.reddit.com/r/unexpectedfactorial/comments/5tepyg/expensive_camera/)[](#footer)*^(If you follow any of the above links, please respect the rules of reddit and don't vote in the other threads.) ^\([Info](/r/TotesMessenger) ^/ ^[Contact](/message/compose?to=/r/TotesMessenger))*[](#bot)
That's the most precise number I've ever seen used as an approximation. 
/r/unexpectedfactorial
No camping - I live here. Looks like it's supposed to be clear but cold for your stay. Snow is coming in on Thursday.Evacuation was funky - park service was concerned that sewer lines would be compromised, so they had everyone leave the park for a few days. Better to be safe than sorry, right?
Thanks a lot. The quality is much better in this version.
Do you have one of those 100MP MF cameras by Phase One? The detail in this photo is insane! Good work bro, keep posting your photos here!
You rock! Thank you. :D
[Trail map.](http://www.yosemitehikes.com/yosemite-valley/inspiration-point/trail-map.htm)  Apparently it's slightly [off the trail](http://www.yosemitehikes.com/yosemite-valley/inspiration-point/inspiration-point.htm) so it'd be easy to miss if you didn't have an idea of where to look.
I don't have a cool sports car but I have a sweet trail rig, an awesome FJ Cruiser. Oregonislife84 is my IG.
Can't hear you. Just. Can't. Hear you.
I'm not clear why all of the douchebags are downvoting me? Are you saying it isn't true, or that you're just so fucking stupid that you don't like the facts?
Only *you* can prevent forest fires - Smokey the Bear, 1947
I never saw a projected 4x5.  :-/I've seen 20x24 Polaroids, but never large format projectors.
His work is pretty old for photography. He was the first major wide lense landscape photographer. There was no digital stuff in his work, none of it existed yet. There's a word for his style, but I learned about him in high school about 6 years ago.
It's more about the hike itself than the view, climbing up the falls, through the mountains, and ultimately the cables. The first time you do the cables is something you'll never forget and I'd definitely make the Half Dome hike your first priority. And of course the view is incredible as with everywhere else in the park.
I shouldn't be sharing this but the view from Cloud's Rest is better. 
Amazing, its our most popular hike for a reason, and our most arduous...
That is just a fraction of the hole number, the numbers you can see on my previous comment can be counted to 2168. That 10 in the end followed by that other number means that there are X numbers still hidden from you (basically). And that X? It is the number after 10 witch, in this case, is 184741. What I've shown you is 1.173534840668828% of the actual number. Less than 2 percent! Actually, it's just above 1 percent! That number is huge. Like, way bigger than the time that the universe will have since it's beginning until it's heat death. Over and over and over again multiple times. I'm not even going to go into that rabbit hole.So, TL; DR: what I've shown you is less than 2 percent of the hole number
Let's not be distracted by the fact that ... This is an amazing photograph and will soon be compared to a video game. 
Easy
There are dedicated multi thousand dollar 4x5 projectors, but a cheaper way to do it, is to build a mat for an overhead projector ;)
Ansel Adams would be the Wayne Gretzky of National Park photography.  Maybe him?You've also got Eliot Porter, Mark Burns, and many other marquis landscape photographers.
i'm trying to compile a list of places to visit for my first time going to Yosemite by myself (without family). i will definitely be adding this to my list. thank you!!
Well if it's a fraction of the whole number then it's hardly accurate is it! But seriously you've shown us the number, it's 10^(184741), that's huge, but Pi has far more digits than that number will ever have and that's not nearly so huge. 
Not one more undertaker comment again.  
Something something wrestling
I'll take that to mean that it's the latter.
Yeah it was Ansel Adams! 
By huge I mean like 2 is bigger than 1. I did have been more careful with my wording. And pi is kinda boring to bring in this because everyone (or almost everyone) knows that pi is infinite and it is not even bigger than 4.
Everybody's talkin at me, can't hear a word they're sayin'
u/sweetcuppingcakes everyone
But my point is your number is huge. And people know it's huge. And knowing the 1001st digit does not change how huge it is, especially since it's an approximation anyway. 
I appreciate that /s '
Btdt. Kauai has more rainbows and waterfalls (and brief, warm rain showers) than any place I've ever been. Loved it
Water/Sky/Earthporn all in one.Hiked the Na Pali coast in December, nonstop rainbows, double rainbows, triple rainbows. Awesome hike, super muddy though.
I am so jelly right now. 
How do you get the rainbows so clear? Mine never show up...
Double rainbow all the way!
Thats funny im in Paipu 
And more feral chickens!
Just gotta take the time to get the right exposure for the scene. And then when you get home, tweak the saturation, it feels a bit like cheating, but most pictures you see on this sub have been intentionally over saturated. Make those colors POP!
So intense!
I went on a fun day hike up at Alta, sort of near Chad's Gap. There were some wildfires that caused smoke to fill the mountains, which made for an interesting atmosphere. The sun was just starting to set through the smoke, and it gave a really cool yellowish orange hue to the landscape. For more:https://instagram.com/hansiphotohttps://hansiphoto.comI also just made a facebook page:https://facebook.com/hansiphotograph
I'm thankful you posted this, I'll be leaving Utah in March and Pfeifferhorn is incredibly close to me, so I'll be sure to hike it before I go! Thanks!
[Source](https://www.flickr.com/photos/hamzaniazi/28260012455)X-Post From [r/ExplorePakistan](https://www.reddit.com/r/ExplorePakistan/)
The color of the water.    Just explored that subreddit.  Man, Pakistan is beautiful.
Outcrop of rock on the left looks a capybara swimming. Must be on holiday.
I'm from Uzbekistan and we also have similar mountains that are just as beautiful. The only ones I have seen that are similar are the Rocky Mountains here in the US. Unsurpassed beauty.
I want to build a house on the top of that little cliff there and use that as my swimming pool.
Beautiful!
Isn't that right near where Sgt. Bergdahl was kept?
Did you pee in it. I'd pee in it
Huh huh docking.
Smith Island, Isla LA Guardia?  We fish there twice a year. Love that town. 
Looks like it's full of rapists and drug dealers. Bad hombres. 
Not me, but some people did...
r/docking ?
Close to that! Went there too.
I used to ride my horse though there it was epic 
(originally featuring my [wife and FIL](https://i.imgur.com/l3QwFu6.jpg), who I haphazardly edited out so as to not anger the /r/EarthPorn mods)
Great photo! Love how clear it is
Hi firasq16! It looks like you uploaded this photo from mobile. reddituploads resizes your photo to 1536pixel on the long side if it's above that, unfortunately it does this without warning. If you want to make sure your photo is uploaded at full size (and that you have the correct resolution in the title) either use a different image hosting service like flickr.com, 500px.com and imgur.com, or upload your photo to reddit from the desktop version of the site.*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/EarthPorn) if you have any questions or concerns.*
enchanting 
This looks very similar to the album art of Camp by Childish Gambino
Just found my preferred hobbit hole destination.
THEYRE TAKING THE HOBBITS TO ALDERAAN
Where's the castle :(
South island right?
It's great to go rock climbing here
Yep!
Hi EndEffected! It looks like you uploaded this photo from mobile. reddituploads resizes your photo to 1536pixel on the long side if it's above that, unfortunately it does this without warning. If you want to make sure your photo is uploaded at full size (and that you have the correct resolution in the title) either use a different image hosting service like flickr.com, 500px.com and imgur.com, or upload your photo to reddit from the desktop version of the site.*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/EarthPorn) if you have any questions or concerns.*
This is so beautiful! 
Beautiful. If it's edited, what software?
This is a beautiful picture and the little bit of garnish makes it all the better. 
i heard it was melting do to global warming
Thanks :)
This is 100% not Santa Clara.
This aint Santa Clara..! Definitely not..!
Hi vinnysouza! It looks like you uploaded this photo from mobile. reddituploads resizes your photo to 1536pixel on the long side if it's above that, unfortunately it does this without warning. If you want to make sure your photo is uploaded at full size (and that you have the correct resolution in the title) either use a different image hosting service like flickr.com, 500px.com and imgur.com, or upload your photo to reddit from the desktop version of the site.*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/EarthPorn) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Where in santa clara is this?
Mods, OP is lying about location. This needs removed. 
Could be Santa Clara county? I can't guess exactly, but the reservoirs all look really different full...
Could be, the terrain looks right for a *very* recent photo, but the shadows angles and hill positions suggest some landmarks that are not present.This is my initial guess of the shot location and direction: http://i.imgur.com/mgK72RI.png
what time did you have to wake up to take that pic?
Beautiful photo.
This is the full resolution version, enjoy :)
If it's edited, what software? Also, great pic! Great contrast between the sunlit and shadowed* sections. Too bad some people want to get rid of the system that protect places like this. 
Thank you - I use Lightroom pretty much exclusively with a bit of time in Photoshop for more composite type stuff.
Such an epic drive. Post more! 
digging the filter on the bottom half!
What exactly is it that get stilted and shifted in this type of photography?
I don't understand why you chose to use the fake tilt-shift effect here, I think the shot would look much nicer without it.
Thanks, it's all in camera effects! I don't do any post production on my images. I really like this effect but forget about it all the time. Definitely wish I'd remember it more often.
Real tilt-shift lenses allow the photographer to change the position and angle of the lens relative to the sensor, which allows the perspective to change and the plane of focus to move. This is often used for architecture photography to prevent convergence when photographing a building from the base and to allow larger areas of the building to be in focus when it otherwise couldn't.Some people use tilt-shift to create a minature effect by manipulating the angle of lens to make the depth of field appear to be much smaller than it acually is, this effect can quite easily be emulated in post production by applying a blur to certain areas of the image, which is what OP has done.
It's an in camera effect, I don't do post production and this effect produced what I wanted it to when I was looking at it. Because it was such a narrow view of the water, it basically got blown out by the trees and hills so I did this to draw more attention to the water. Thanks for asking! 
So you're camera is doing the post production for you? I can't help but feel like you could isolate the lake with a crop instead, which would avoid the large areas of artifical blur.
