Some deadlifts, what do I improve on? 120kg x3 (cut volume dowards the end of my cut):- https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y_OIKzdTXMw- https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y_OIKzdTXMw100kg x5 warmup :https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iYiDycsWgdI
Hi fittit, would like some help with my deadlift form M/17/70kg. It feels right but I get minor back pain/stiffness the next day, is this normal or an indication of bad form?5 reps at 90kg https://vid.me/ifrM
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M8l3rT6cFLMBack pain has still remained after a month of rest (and not hitting deadlifts) after this set of heavy deadlifts16/76kg/110kg deadlift 5x3The back tightness is always prominent everytime i work out. Im scaredEDIT: Back pain mostly comes back after OHP (even lightly). Anything involving my back (reracking weights etc) makes it tight and slightly painful. If i were to see someone, who do I see? family doctor? physio? chiro?
Hi fittit, would love to receive any comments on my form. I'm 169cm/72kg (~5'6/158.7lbs).[7th set](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LeM7Ch-enyk)[8th set](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7XXfRTjEjzs)I pull sumo but just recently utilized deficit conventional DL as accessory. Honestly, the last time I was actually training conventional DL was like 2 years ago, so I'm really not used to this anymore. Thanks in advance guys.
Should I tuck my tailbone in when squatting?
Let me have it. https://youtu.be/cE-3fwRVMkE280x2 squat.
Recently started deadlifting, so I want to make sure there isn't some major flaw in my form.Currently doing 135lb 4x6https://youtu.be/wR6ijkFhKnY
I'm 5'9 135lbs just started doing starting strength. Looking for a squat form check at 190lbs first attempt at 5 reps. I failed at 3rd rep on the 3rd set.https://www.youtube.com/watch?edit=vd&v=cz89B3JK2zgSecond Attempt:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=76EZsXeWTK4I got my final three reps at 190lbs, I don't know if I'm just weak or if my form is terrible.
High bar atg squat 155lb for 6 reps. 4th rep felt really bad, knees came in a bit and hips came up too fast so I deadlifted the weight a bit. Have had issues with knees caving in in the past but felt okay for most of the reps. https://youtu.be/g-90qPIj2ec
Hey guys, I've posted here before and I feel like I've gotten stronger since the last time (got used to using more leg drive).https://youtu.be/PreM5yods4QI'm really bad at self assessing my form so I was wondering if you guys notice anything. I know that my upper back is rounding but I have no idea if that is acceptable or not. The guys at my gym say that once you get to a certain point that is going to happen. Any thoughts from you guys?
I just saw an interesting form used for lateral pull downs in this North Korean video. What could they improve on?https://gfycat.com/FragrantAjarIndri[Source](https://youtu.be/TbKW7GhFlM8?t=1m57s)
I'm 5'6 and ~135-140lbs. I've been doing PPL for a few months now, and wanted to get a form check on my Squats before I progress towards 225lbs. I took a video of me from the side doing 135lbs for 5 reps as I usually run 5x5 for high-bar Squats.[VIDEO](https://vid.me/9TDV)Mostly interested in if the bar path is correct and if I hit parallel or below properly. Would appreciate any criticisms and corrections that is obvious from the video.
Try deadlifting barefoot and watch this [video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OMdve9KcK0A) about shifting your bodyweight slightly to back before pulling the weight up, because your shins are in the way of the bar.
I can't quite put my finger on it (because my head is full of cold) but there's something going on when you lockout.  I think you are not bracing enough.  As you come up, your hips lock and then your back locks into place.  [See here](https://youtu.be/y_OIKzdTXMw?t=68).  You may be hyper-extending or simply not bracing with a straight back form the start, but either way, that flexing of you back at that point is a problem.  Edit: It's like you have two pivot points, hips then mid/lower back
If back pain remains after a month of rest you need to see your doctor.  You might have a herniated disc.
I don't think you are locking out.  Squeeze those glutes and thrust them to the bar.  Keep your neck neutral.
Get a form check on your OHP also. It's possible you are causing yourself back issues (or making them worse) by compensating for a lack of shoulder mobility.Also see a physio or a doctor.
No major flaws but you are balancing back and forth on the way up. more practice  and you might wonna deadlift in some stiffer shoes or barefoot. 
looks decent. but focus on keeping your core tight, inhale air down to your stomach and keep the core tight and exhale on the way up or when you are all the way up.
Human rights violations would be a good start
[deleted]
Personal opinion but i would like to see you decent slower and more controlled. decent slowly and explode up. 
Yeah I agree, I was disappointed with myself after filming yesterday, I think somehow my technique have gotten worse over the pat month on a deficit, I'll definitely focus on fixing it
I just searched up symptoms of a herniated disc, and I remember a day after or two, one of my ankles were incredibly numb and painful. This has not happened since however, is this a sign?
What?
Thanks, I'll try to do a more controlled descent instead of dropping. Anything else stand out?
It could be a pulled muscle, pain has a tendency to radiate and shoot to near by areas.  A while back I pulled a muscle in my back and quit working out and it quit hurting constantly, but every week I'd do something on accident with my back like twist the wrong way and it would get fucked up again.  Eventually it healed once I quit using my back for a while so maybe you consistently agitated it during your time out of the gym and it never fully healed.But without tests its a big guessing game.  Go to your doctor you normally go to and bring it up.  They'll probably press on your back and do basic tests to rule out a herniation.  They might have it imaged to look for spine damage. 
Hey guys, I wrote a blog on Nutrition - What to eat to Increase Strength and Build Muscle. Check it out https://wheycartel.com/nutrition-to-increase-strength-and-build-muscle
Hey guys! I am getting ready to launch my product the Dumbbell Microloader which adds 2.5 pounds to most round dumbbells in your gym. This product essentially doubles the number of weight sets available to you and gives you a step between the usual 5 pound increment. I am accepting pre-orders which should ship around early march, or even earlier! Check it out at my site [Progressive Weights](http://progressiveweights.com/shop-1/microloader).
Posting regular gym progress pics! Follow my journey! https://www.instagram.com/ethanjcosgrove/
Im working on getting shredded and losing weight. So far I am doing great, Feel free to follow my path into the love of fitness!Insta: CatastropheCarlo
Hey people! This is my transformation between 14-18... I made this video to give other people motivation and inspiration. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=asGW5PNoZUAIf you found the video inspiring or motivational, please hit the thumbs upp and share the video to help me reach out to more people. Thank you so much! :)
Hey everybody. I've just released the Official GZCL Method mobile app on Android. It includes J&T 2.0, UHF 5/9 and The Rippler templates and a wealth of customization and evaluation options.You can find out more about the release [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/gzcl_app/comments/5thj6e/the_free_gzcl_app_has_been_officially_released/)!
Do you live in a small apartment or just don't have the room for bulky gym equipment?Why not build a Home Gym Bed?A King size bed that transforms into a Smith machine/cable exercise machine and it doesn't need any extra space.Go to www.HomeGymBed.com for 3 hours of 'How-to' build videos.
I've been lifting for 3 years now! https://www.instagram.com/mitchjurado/
Hello /r/Fitness! My name is Jacob and I spend my life in front of a computer. With no doubt, that influenced my health, shape and overall condition. To fix that, Ive created a chest strap called Aidlab, so everyone can have his own personal fitness coach.Link: https://www.aidlab.comHope you will find it useful!
Just a 'obese' by BMI standards Asian guy trying to get a 1000lb total first. After that 1100lb total. Etc etc, minimum amount of douchey shirtless pics, maximum amount of boring training videos.@chubbyfacegainshttps://instagram.com/p/BQRZxvZhWD2/
Hi Everyone,Check out Iron & Grit ([ironandgrit.com](http://ironandgrit.com)) for workouts, motivation and lifestyle tips to get you into the best shape of your life, naturally!Learn about hyper-efficient workouts and how to create a lifestyle that cultivates fitness and maximum gains! I've bulked up 30 pounds and cut from 230 lbs to 200 to get ripped and I tell you how I did it.Be sure to check out my instagram and like Iron & Grit's Facebook page. I appreciate it and hope I&G helps you!Like me on Facebook: [https://www.facebook.com/ironandgrit/](https://www.facebook.com/ironandgrit/)Check out instagram for workout and nutrition advice: [https://www.instagram.com/ironandgrit/](https://www.instagram.com/ironandgrit/)
Follow my 250k Transformation Challenge 2017 with daily progress videos and side by side comparison video from day 1.  Today is day 34 of 84.  https://youtu.be/jWNGsBmGPnQ
I have 600 calories left got 18g of fat left 121g carbs left and went a little over my protein. What should I eat?
https://youtu.be/DgzaIrIQODsMe and my brother did our first ever fitness vlog, any suggestions on next upload?
WIN $100 [@GregJustiz](https://instagram.com/p/BQYR2obgkaD/) 
I film food that I'm gonna eat then I eat it plus other daily activities. This one includes a cheat/refeed meal.[What Nate Ate Ep. 16](https://youtu.be/q30yegAi2ng)[My channel](https://www.youtube.com/user/onetakenate)[twitter](https://twitter.com/1takeNate) - @ me bro and I'll follow back
Brutally Effective Strength & Grappling TrainingWWW.HEAVYWEIGHTBJJ.COMIG & Twitter: HW3JitsFB: https://m.facebook.com/HW3JJ/
If you want to lose weight without stress, I want to invite you to check out my Blog:www.fighterlicious.comI provide recipes and information about diet, nutrition and lifestyle to make you lose weight without suffering. You can also check out my new eBook The Champion's Diet on Amazon. It's only 1$, no bullshit, only information with high value.
If you all wouldn't mind following ill follow back. https://www.instagram.com/mpal310/
I built a workout timer app that can be found at www.hiitclock.com. You can build your own work/rest cycles, enable audio queues and send the visual timer to Chromecast. 
Hey GuysI would like to promote a youtube series I am trying to create, I have started excel tutorials around key functions to design training programs, testing documents, monitoring etc.HERE: https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLK9_PcatzQDLExdTGt2rJP0nrUoR3ipcCthere is another great channel in this space called: Excel tricks 4 Sports which I hope to grow as big as. Please let me know if you there is anything you would like to learn with technology programs or excel and anything I can help you with. Thank you in advance,Cheers, 
is salt anything to worry about? lol I just calculated how much sodium I had and i'm under my recommended almost every time even though I thought I consumed a lot of salt I don't. I've consumed 4.6 grams of salt got it from eggs, toast, monster ultra red. 
Blueplusfit.com need your feedback
Started youtubing recently. Would appreciate questions and/or feedback. [my channel](youtube.com/yshuah) 
Breakfast can be really boring, try these protein pancakes! Quick, easy and tasty, experiment with different toppings :) https://youtu.be/nDfVTe20I94Also, if you're new to the fitness world I've kicked off a Bodybuilding Basics series, latest video is for triceps, helping to achieve fuller arms https://youtu.be/nDfVTe20I94
This workout manual is 20+ years of trial and error as a hardcore strength training advocate, boxer, and Brazilian JiuJitsu practitioner.  This is a simple, easy to follow, and brutally-effective way of getting the most from your time spent training.The DRILLSKILL Workout Manual for Combat Athletes (WWW.HEAVYWEIGHTBJJ.COM/store)Ive designed it to be versatile enough for the COMPETITIVE ATHLETE, HARDCORE ENTHUSIAST, or the WEEKEND WARRIOR.  If youre a Grappler (JiuJitsu, Wrestling, Sambo, Judo), Striker (Western and Thai Boxing) or Mixed Martial Artist (MMA) that trains year round, this if for you.This 110 page workout manual (ebook) contains:- A comprehensive collection of over 100 drills and exercises with detailed visual and written descriptions- Background and science behind the programs constructionConcepts for including the workouts in a year round program- A breakdown of the three major drill categories (Fundamental Athlete, Strength Athlete, and Combat Athlete) and their purpose in your development- 100 unique workouts in 4 x 25 workout training blocks to drop into your program to align to your goalsThe program is designed around four primary objectives:1. Develop General Physical PreparednessGeneral Physical Preparedness lays the groundwork for sports specific preparation.2. Sustain Maximal Strength Maintenance & Enhance Work CapacityMaximal Strength is the greatest amount of force that a muscle can voluntarily produce. Work capacity is the ability to perform maximal physical work. The goal is to sustain feats of strength, athleticism and combat-readiness, over a designated period of time.3. Enhance Total Body Explosive Strength QualitiesExplosive strength refers to acceleration or rate of force development. This means getting your body trained to generate high action velocities.4. Enhance Combat-Readiness Strength EnduranceTrain Combat Readiness through Multi-Purpose movements. The movements you add to your program should have purpose. The main goal of your workouts should be to get carry-over performance to your sport of choice. For combat athletes, its the mat or cage. For weekend warriors, getting better at handling the challenges of every day is what its all about.
Cardio vs Weights - Shoulders - Supplements...see here at elisejune fit:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9c0bO6QGut0
Check out our site...we are offering free shipping and 20% off your 1st order using code FEB 1st. Also, visit our workout corner blog and give our beginners guide a once over.[The IT Box](https://www.theitboxes.com) 
Have a look at my gyms Instagram account. We're a small, local , privately owned gym. @shapechangers 
I'm just beginning to build my Internet presence, but have a look at my website/blog: www.vitaminphdnutrition.comand my Instagram: VitaminPhDI have a PhD (a real one, not purchased online) in human metabolism (skeletal muscle focus) and I've been teaching sport nutrition and anatomy and physiology for about three years. I've dabbled in a variety of sports, but resistance training and hiking have been the staples of my physical activity. I love to write about all aspects of nutrition, so my blog contains a combination of sport-specific and general information. Please follow me if you want to get nerdy about it! :) 
If you want to be in shape but don't have time to go to the gym have a look at these 5 minute workout routines http://cheatsheetlife.com/5-minute-workout-get-shape-fast/
Workout tracker for strength training. Check out Strong:https://strong.app.link/strongWe just got a feature for our Apple Watch app (first release, will get much better over time) and have our Android alpha out (reach out if interested)!Happy to help support anyone here trying to further fitness any way we can.
anyone want to talk fitness and have the same goals as me? i'm about 5'7 185 and looking to get down to 155-160, describe our goals and how weplan on getting there and keeping eachother on track etc
sharing gym pictures, food and memes. thanks for looking! if you follow, let me know and i will follow back! lets inspire and help each other https://www.instagram.com/rob_richa/
[removed]
Instagram: ashtontbfitness
https://www.instagram.com/barrettrebekkah/I post pictures and videos of different exercises, plus some meal prep.
I went from **obese to shredded** in one year. Now I'm getting swole.Checkout [my YouTube channel](https://www.youtube.com/c/gutstocuts).[Website](http://www.gutstocuts.net)[Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/bednar.chris/)Snapchat: bednarchris
If you are looking for some nice low carb meals, How to do's and more information check out our youtube channel: https:www.Youtube.com/onewayfitness
That's pretty freakin cool man
4.6g is about twice the recommended daily intake for sodium. That being said, I eat 4-5g a day too.
Just added you to instagram. You are ripped. Did you build that body while you were working on your PhD? If so, that's ridiculously impressive. I mean, you're impressive either way obviously. 
Followed!
It looks like you're trying to use a URL shortener. This is usually a tricky tactic to hide bad content, so your post has been removed. Please update your post to use actual links and then **[message the moderators](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FFitness&amp;subject=Please+reapprove&amp;message={{url}}%0A%0AI have fixed my shortened links.)** to have it approved.  If you want a cleaner looking comment, the markdown for that is: [Hyperlinked Text](The URL).*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/Fitness) if you have any questions or concerns.*
*Doctors hate him*
That's very motivational. Great job, man!
Thanks :)
Thank you! My body has changed a great deal over the past ten years. I've made the largest changes in the past two, but I've been out of my doctoral program for three years now. During grad school I was really big on trail running and went almost a year racing at least once a month. 
back at ya!
Weight loss happens in the kitchen. Fitness happens in the gym.At 375, a simple calorie deficit would do wonders. Start with knocking out sodas, chips, and snacks. Drink water when you crave that junk.For exercise, walk. Don't try anything too intensive at 375 or you're in for some serious pain. Lose pounds by diet and walking. When you're sub-300, gradually increase exercise.Source: I've had several fat friends severely blow out their knees by attempting to run at that weight. Don't do it!
The bad news: At your weight, you really should not be playing tennisor at least be extremely careful. The sudden starts and stops can do damage to your joints and cause injury. If you're going to play, be willing to let balls go, don't be competitive, and just have fun with it.The good news: If you get your diet set up right, you could be down to fighting weight by the end of the year.
Other than losing weight your best bet would be buying a decent pair of shoes that can absorb some of the shock of your feet striking the ground.
Coming from another bigger guy the elliptical can be a great tool.
Sorry to not answer your question with this but if you're as mobile as you say you are, once you lose the weight you'll have the legs of a titan! Good luck on your journey my man. 
I'd recommend trying a recumbent bike as your main cardio when you exercise, if it's an option. Since it's mostly sitting, it's a lot easier on your knees and ankles. Once you lose more weight, different forms of cardio will be easier on you
Mine,and most people's advice here is to eat less first, and then hit the gym if you are having difficulties working out due to weight. I weighed around 300 freshmen year of high school and was able to cut around 100 over the summer.I stopped drinking soda, and started eating serving sizes. Of food. The weight melted off without much exercise for the first half, then I hit the gym everyday. At 300+ you can see results fast if you are dedicated. Don't snack, eat 3 meals, plan those meals out by counting their calories. Stick to it. 
Firstly: It's GREAT that you're already exercising - good on you!!That being said, tennis is hard on your knees anyway, even if you are a more typical tennis player build. It's also easy to overdo it getting into exercise and put yourself off when you start out.That being said - no matter what you do, diet is key to losing weight so keep that at the core of whatever plans you make.Anything low impact would be good to add more calorie burning in. Stationary bike, rowing machine, KB swings etc. Walking is good for calorie burning, but obviously that will have some impact on your knees.Squats may actually help because it'll help strengthen your knees and if you work at a desk all day dead lifts would also be really good to help with your posture. I mention the latter because better posture will help you feel like you have more energy, which is obviously really important.That being said, IANAD and YMMV
Bruh I want you to watch and read everything you can on intermittent fasting. 
If you have access to a treadmill, walking on an incline will help get those smaller lower leg muscles more used to being activated in a pretty safe manner. And stretch, a lot. New motions/activities mean new muscles are being recruited for things they don't usually do. A loosened muscle will adapt better, and stretching after will reduce recovery times.Edit: Joints hurting doesn't necessarily mean the issue is the joint. It's more often than not (in scenarios like this anyway) the supporting muscles causing the aching.
I would definitely focus on the swimming.  It's great for cardio strengthening and calorie burning while being easier on your joints and legs.  Best advice I can give is to keep doing what you're doing until your weight drops.  Then you can look into some other new things that your body can handle.  I know you want to get back into it, but safety is more important.For now, work on moving more quickly in the water.  Pick an amount of time (ie: 5 min) and try to increase the number of laps you can do in that time.  On the other end, try to lower the amount of time it takes to do one lap.  You can keep it interesting by switching up the strokes.  I hope to see this post again in 6 months, stating: I've lost __ weight, what can my body handle now!
Tennis is probably not a realistic regular activity at this weight - your joints will take an unreasonable amount of abuse from it.  You probably can't recover from that if you do it all the time at your weight, just as an athletic person wouldn't be able to play tennis wearing a 150lb pack very often without hurting themselves.  And you may well sustain an acute injury that prevents you from playing at all.I recommend taking up a much more gentle form of cardiovascular training and doing it regularly - swimming, an elliptical trainer, brisk walking, etc.  These activities will help condition your joints and muscles, increasing your capacity to train without injury.  Several months of low impact conditioning and 50lbs or so off your frame (through diet) might enable you to play tennis safely relatively often.
Good stuff my friend. Here's why water is your friend and should always stay that way. Swimming will deload all your joints throughout exercise - you'll certainly ache less and benefit a lot.There's lots of benefits to water workouts to the point that physiotherapists will encourage it for those who can't even move. Give it a try, stick with it. You'll be able to cruise around for a while as you don't need to focus on floating - that's your superpower for now :)
Eat less. A lot of exercises will hurt you in the long run because you have extra weight on your joints.Eat no more than 1700 calories a day for 6-12 months.No soda. No juice. Minimal alcohol, harder the better. Avoid liquids with calories all together.
Keto is your best friend 
There's a lot of good advice here.  Stretching your legs before exercise is very helpful to prevent knee problems.
Like others are saying, if you want to lose weight, drop your calorie intake. The only way to do this correctly is tracking your calories and your exercises. Download an app, I use Lose it! Huge network of foods, and a built in scanner for barcodes. 
Like others have said, you've really got to master your diet. Make sure calories are 1,800-2,200 for awhile. I've made the switch to a low carb lifestyle to try to go from 6'2 240 to 200 which has done wonders. So many empty calories in breads and other processed foods. Try to drink water all the time. I do a cup or two of coffee in the morning but just put a little milk in it now. No sugar/creamer. Sodas were never a problem for me, but I know plenty who've put on a shit ton of weight drinking Mt Dew and sitting on the couch all day. If you are hungry after dinner, try an apple or orange for a snack. One thing I did was get a free pedometer app for my phone. I use Pacer. Try to get up and walk for 5-10 minutes at work at 10:30AM, walk for 15-20 minutes at noon, and 5-10 minutes at 3:30PM.  After work get in a good 20-30 minute walk. Park in the back or first spot you see. You'll have 3,000 steps before you even get home, then you can try to add 5K-7K when you get home. You've got to increase your mobility to track down those balls on the court. Tennis is going to be much easier to play at 350, even easier at 325, easier at 300, and when you hit 275 it will be even better. I play a few times a summer. Having a level follow-thru on the forehand and backhand is key. People have problems when the upper cut. No reason you can't practice your stroke while you are losing weight. One rule about working out is that any exercise is better than sitting on the couch. 
Good for you for making the decision to change your quality of life! I believe a good diet, lower on carbs and higher in protein and lots of vegetables would work wonders and weight would come off very quickly. Be careful with high intensity as you could cause injury. I agree with walking or elliptical as some of the others suggested. As for joint pain, have you tried any supplements for joint pain? I don't use supplements other than protein powder so I can't vouch for effectiveness, but I know many people who use fish oils and others to help with joint pain and claim it helps. Also you should be in regular contact with your GP during your weight loss journey to make sure all is well :) 
Cycle, I'm flat footed with gigantic feet so I end up with shin splints. Cycling is great cause you get to see some of the world and you can go as hard or as easy as you like. Good luck.
Invest in a great pair of shoes. That will help. Take a good look at your ankles - is it possible they're a bit pronated and you need some support under the arch of your foot? It's worth looking into anyway. Take time to stretch out your feet and calves after a workout while your muscles are still warmed up. If you find that you have lingering pain in a joint/tendon/muscle, please see a physiotherapist! Don't just be a tough guy and push through it or you'll get hurt worse (speaking from experience, haha!). Those soft neoprene knee braces might help too...they give just a bit of extra support to the joint but they shouldn't get in the way of lifting or tennis.Way to go, lady! Making changes is hard. You got this.
I used to get terrible shin splints. I was told to stretch my calves a lot- a little before exercising, a lot during and then more after. Heel drops are now my best friend https://www.google.com/amp/www.runnersworld.com/the-body-shop/4-exercises-to-prevent-shin-splints%3Famp?client=safari Like others have said- be sure to work on those muscles that support your knees. As far a eating less- I have to get my calories so low before that works for me that it's not sustainable. Some of us have crappy metabolisms (mine has to do with thyroid issues). A Keto diet works really well for people who don't diet well. Head over to r/Keto and read some of the stories. I'm giving it a try as my New Years resolution. No amazing weight loss for me, but I'm down 5 lbs in 2 months and that's pretty good for me. 
Make sure you have supportive shoes, that will help with the ankles and knees. Stretch after your workout while your muscles are still warm. You could also apply ice for a 3-5 minutes at a time after playing to help with pain. And/or an epsom salt bath for your feet and ankles would be good, too. Tennis is tough, make sure you're mixing it up with other activities that are easier on your joints so you don't get injured! 
Eat less lift weights forget cardio for a while
Check out DDP yoga. A friend of mine around your size just started it with great results.
 You might be better off with racquetball.  Less ground to cover.  Less jumping and leaping. More work with arms. 
Cycling. Cycling and calorie counting got me down to 100 kg, still working on the rest.
There's a lot of good advice here, but I didn't see anything specifically addressing pain management, which is how I interpreted your question. My first suggestion would be to get on a regular massage schedule. Once every 4-6 weeks would be ideal. I realize this may not be an option for everyone, so my next best suggestion would be weekly yin yoga. It It's also called restorative yoga, and is great for people with intense workout routines, people with injuries, or really anyone that isn't stretching on a daily basis. It is incredibly easy, by the end of class you feel like a rubberband that just woke up from a nap.If you have access to a steam room, take advantage! I would also say to avoid heat unless you are using it in conjunction with ice (contrast therapy: 5-10 min. heat followed by 5-10 minutes ice, repeat. Icy hot has the same effect, also recommended!).Best of luck to you!
Bicycling with a properly-sized bike isn't bad on the knees, as long as you have a pedal retention system to help develop muscles evenly (shoes or straps so you can pull as well as push). At 375, you'd need a sturdier bike, but it's not a bad way to get a workout in. Likewise, an elliptical machine in the gym is low impact.Also, make sure you're pointing your toes forwards. I'm guessing your thighs press together fucking up your stride. That's going to land your knees at a bad angle until you lost weight, and there's not a ton you can do about that.
Tennis is definitely good exercise, Wearing proper shoes will help quite a bit with the knee and ankle pain. I always preferred to wear basketball shoes over tennis shoes when I played a lot. 
Check out nerdfitness.com! We have tons of resources that help people on this exact path. We focus on lifelong habits and disciplining yourself into good decisions every day. There are tons of articles on tools that will help you understand things about nutrition and your mindset.
you should focus on diet first. at your size, you cannot lose weight by exercise only. 
cut meat, eat a plant based diet. It will help with inflammation. Dont stop.
>Exercising for a fatty?That's a yes.
Agree with this.  To add, in terms of exercise, is swimming an option?  Easy on the joints and your, ahem, bouancy would actually work to your advantage.  =)
Thank you for the response. I have cut out all processed foods. I eat extremely clean. I start at 400 about halfway through January, so the clean eating is certainly fueling the weight loss. Maybe I should not play tennis until I'm lighter? I just went and played for two hours and my right knee is absolutely searing with pain. I've just always been fat, so I don't know any different? I've always had knee/ankle pain after exercising, so I don't know what normal is like. As for those of you suggesting swimming, I mentioned in the OP that I have been. I've just been trying out tennis since my roommate plays and I love to watch. 
He was asking about minimizing damage from sports like tennis, he says he is dieting and swimming and weightlifting and stuff so I don't think your comment should be the top post.
I agree with above. Grab an app to help track your calories and it'll seriously help you stay diligent. Running would hurt but you may want to try biking or using a rowing machine and doing some intervals. The weight will fall off with consistency. 
What about low impact elliptical? 
100 percent agree with this. The biggest mistake people make starting their fitness journey is to go too hard too quickly. Ease into it. Make it a habit. This is the most important part. Everything else will happen naturally after that. You'll get addicted to the compliments and the changes you see. You'll start to push harder. You'll start to watch your diet more because sprints feel like shit after you eat garbage the day before. But all this starts with making it a habit.
And if you really crave soda, coconut water is a great alternative. 
Your comment worried a little bit but I'm at like 245 and love jogging. Would you recommend dodging that until I lose more or just go for it, I kinda don't want to destroy my knees 
I have to agree. High impact sports and activities, especially those that require a lot of start-stopping and cutting, is pretty bad for your knees if you are heavy. Really just continue to knock it out of the park in the pool, elliptical, or the bike! 
How do you feel about hiking? Walking can feel so monotonous
He's asking about how to reduce stress on his ankles and knees, not about diet or exercise. 
I find high incline treadmill work much better on my joints and bones, and you can still really work up a sweat.
>At 375, a simple calorie deficit would do wonders. Start with knocking out sodas, chips, and snacks. Drink water when you crave that junk.Water won't do jack to address the cravings. I've found that sugar cravings can be handled by eating a slice of whole grain bread with some unsweetened peanut butter and a tiny slick of honey (I'm talking about maybe 1/4 teaspoon of honey here!). Often the sugar cravings hit me when I'm hungry and feeling too lazy to make something that takes time. Just drinking water is a recipe for failure - replace the crappy food with healthy food instead.Instead of soda, you can get flavoured fizzy water that does not have sugar or any kind of sweeteners. Or you can drink lemon or lime Perrier.
Well, that's not fun news, but I'd rather take it easy now and have good knees to play on in September. Thanks for the comment!
came here to say this as well, don't play tennis (yet?), you will mess up your joints really fast
Would [knee sleeves](https://www.amazon.com/s/ref=nb_sb_noss?url=search-alias%3Daps&field-keywords=knee+sleeves) be of any help to op?I bought them when I thought I was going to try running, but fuck running.
When I first began my fitness honeymoon, the elliptical was a lifesaver.  I really enjoyed running, but after 15 years of skateboarding, my knees were a shambles.  Elliptical offered the same cardio and sensation of running without the impact.After getting my meniscus fixed, strengthened my knees and dropped some weight, I was eventually able to move on to running.
Oh man, I recently lost 104 lbs and my calves are chiseled beef bovines.You know what is a killer leg workout? being obese for 10+ years and running it off
I know right?! I'm so pumped for that day. I've weighed over 200 lbs since I was in 7th grade, I'm now 21. I've been doing leg day every day for 9 years. 
For low impact rowing is the most aerobic activity you can do.  There are no two ways about it. Buy a concept 2 erg, and then watch the videos on how to row properly.  If you really hate it you can sell it (even years later) for basically what you purchased it for.  Also get on the concept 2 website to track progress! 
Thanks! I've made my diet extremely clean. I eat no processed foods anymore. 
I already do my man! I'm on a 22/2 schedule!
I can promise you that you will see that post in 6 months! Thank you for the comment!
I'm on a 1500 kcal/day plan. I've cut out all processed foods. I drink an oz or two of rum over the rocks occasionally. 
I'm on a 22/2 keto plan right now!
/r/keto/r/ketorecipes 
I'm a dude, but thanks for the comment!
Alternatively, cut out all grains and sugars, go ahead and have plenty of meat and dairy with piles of veggies and go keto 
Don't be an ass. Positive encouragement is how someone makes a change.
Swimming is great if you're fat. Am fat, do swimming. Feels like your not fat anymore. Then you get out of the water of course, but before that: Great.It's a good alternative to walking, which can become quite dull quickly. Even if you're doing hikes. But thats personal preference.
Did anyone even read the post? Top comment is all about diet, which he(?) says has already been cleaned up. Now this suggesting swimming, which was listed in the post as part of his exercise!
Yeah, my mom is a therapist and for most people with injuries who can't put all their weight down they do exercises in a pool.  
Hitting a heavy bag is also pretty good according to butterbean.
They literally wrote in the OP, My exercise is usually swimming or weightlifting.
Your knee shouldn't be searing with pain. That's a huge sign something is wrong. Soreness is normal (pertaining to muscles.) Pain of any kind is not. Stick to swimming and walking for now.Good luck on your journey.
Having activities you enjoy can help keep you going. While 2 hours might be too much, a shorter time and resting when you need to could work. Adding in skills practice can be friendlier on the joints. Also everyone can benefit from getting stronger.
Yes lay off tennis for now. It's doing a whole lot worse for your joints right now than it is doing good for your weight loss. Keep eating healthy and once you start to plateau start eating even healthier and then try tennis again.  Swimming is absolutely fine right now though. 
> Dr, it hurst when I do this.> Well, stop doing it then...In seriousness, you're setting yourself up for a pretty serious (possibly permanent) injury that could send you back into inactivity and back into weight-gain.  **ABSOLUTELY, DEFINITELY, WITHOUT A DOUBT** hold off on such high impact activities, probably until you're down to 250 at least.  Maybe use that as a goal to drive yourself, something like Tennis Lessons at 250!Until then stick to water work, or low-impact (elliptical, stationary bike, etc) for cardio.  Slow and steady *healthily* wins the race.  
If you can find a pool to do it in, most sports can be adapted for playing in the water. Bonus points for how much you'll be laughing trying to dive for balls in waist deep water. I'd probably swap out the tennis ball for a badminton birdie, or switch out the rackets for lacrosse sticks and keep the tennis ball for water lacrosse. Pools are definitely for more than just swimming. Water aerobics is a ton of fun, you feel like a seal in the circus (minus the animal cruelty). volleyball is a blast in the pool; in you don't have a net just practice the 3 hits (set, bump, spike) and sweat your butt off diving for stray balls. Water frisbee, basketball, baseball, and even curling are all possible to do in a pool.
What do you mean eating clean and processed foods? Neither of those really means anything. Eat vegetables and lean meats, and likely only around 2000 calories worth of them per day.
>I just went and played for two hours and my right knee is absolutely searing with pain.You should get that looked at.Even professional athletes have to be wary of their limits and listen to their body when it giving them that kind of pain. I was at one point 5'9 265, and during the summer before college I started jogging/walking a few miles a day. It was all fine and dandy until early August when I started getting searing pain in my right knee and my doctor told me I had patella tendonitis (aka runners knee, which affects normal runners but anyone is susceptible). I'm not saying that's what you have, but in any case you should get that looked at. Good luck!
I think ellipticals are great. They are made to be low stress on joints and it is a very natural motion for most people. I started on the elliptical when I began going to the gym regularly. I loved it and it never gave me problems. I would start on low resistance, and ramp it up incrementally over time. Or you can even do HIIT on one. Like most things, you get out of it what you put into it. But I'd say it's pretty safe for someone overweight to start on an elliptical. (I don't have anything to back this up other than personal experience)
I'd also recommend plain carbonated water too for someone who likes the fizzyness. 
What about diet soda.  I understand that cutting pop out makes it more of a healthy lifestyle change but if you really want a pop just make sure it's diet.  
You won't destroy your knees by jogging while you lose weight. 
245 and 375 are super different. That would be like you running with a 130 lb weight vest on. Don't do that. But jogging at 245, especially if you go slow and don't have knee pain, is fine.
No problem!If you really want to, you can go out and hit balls with your roommatejust practicing your strokes would be fine for your joints. It's playing points/matches and pushing hard against the court to start, stop, or change direction that's risky right now. You could work on serves, forehand, backhand, etc. for now and save footwork for later. Just listen to your body: if anything is causing pain, stop.I think when you're down to about 250 it'd be alright to play with greater intensity.
I got shin splints running in crap shoes, ended up cycling and really liked it, allot lower impact for your joints
can confirm. every day is leg day when you're fat
You have the attitude of a fucking champ
you will lose some of that when you lose weight... don't expect tooooo much
Just keep in mind it's not all about what you eat,just how much.And good luck dude! I promise you will love your results. What helped me in siting down Sunday and planing out meals for the week. No room for accidental calories that way. 
Keep up the awesome work buddy 
Perfect! Be consistent and your goals are a breath away. Edit: imo, and im no expert, wait until youre down to at least 200 before you do anything high impact. In the mean time do cardio such as swimming, row machines, and biking. Think smooth motions. No running, no box jumps.
Haha oh shit, I thought this was /r/XXFitness! I guess I'm more tired than I thought.   ;)   
Thats fine...edit; but i mean its not going to help inflammation.. and the soreness..
It's all good. I get that I should've figured this out forever ago. He's got every right to be snarky. 
I'm sorry I have only one upvote. Swimming is phenomenal for cardio without putting the same stress on your joints that running would.IMHO, fuck running. Swimming, biking, elliptical, all good. YMMV.
Right? How is this the top comment thread?
Thought the same thing, at least read their post if you're going to offer advice.
I do some boxing, but jumping around a ring is rough on the joints too. 
You know, today I felt great for the first 45 minutes. If I stopped then I probably wouldn't be in as much pain as I am now. I'll take it easy.
K, I will lay off the tennis. Or at least just practice my stroke for fun. 
Damn, I know you're right. I'm just so pissed that I can't do the stuff I used to. Back when I was living at home my dad and I would play basketball one on one every morning. I could play hard for an hour and wouldn't have too much pain. Now I play tennis for an hour and I can't walk the next day.
Interesting! Thanks for the ideas! I'll give all of those a try!
I mean lean meats and vegetables. All meals prepared by me. No processed sugar at all. I am currently eating 1500 cal a day.
K. I'm just used to it now, so I don't think much of it. I'll make an appointment with my GP.
No. And please enjoy the stock photograph from 1982:http://www.telegraph.co.uk/science/2017/01/03/diet-drinks-not-healthy-could-trigger-weight-gain-say-researchers/Diet drinks are maintaining a shitty habit anyway. Going cold turkey is actually easier than shifting to diet drinks - once you commit to water and only water, it becomes easier to adhere to your new lifestyle. Source: Just did this and it wasn't hard.
Yeah the only real objection to diet pop is how for some people it can be a bit of an appetite stimulant, or it can cause you to overcompensate by eating more and putting on the calories you were trying to save by drinking diet soda. 
K. I just hate to do that to him since he's a good player. I don't want to bore him, especially since it's his hobby he's invited me to partake in. 
I mean if he wanted to keep playing tennis or whatever else.  Are they worth a damn for protecting your joints/ligaments?
Cycling makes you sit on your gooch and can induce erectile dysfunction.
Dude, I'll be dead honest with you. I've always hate myself. I fucking hated myself for a lot of reasons. I woke up one morning halfway through January and decided to step on my roommates scale for the hell of it. When I saw 401.4 pop up, I told myself that I would never think a negative thing about myself again. So, here we are. 
Nah, I'm not expecting to be ripped. But my legs will feel a lot strong than they do now!
Thanks. I'm eating 1500 cal/day right now. 
Thanks! I've started looking into lower impact activities.
Haha, you're good man!
Alright man. Best of luck with your journey!
Your mileage may vary?
The rowing machine did wonders for me when I was losing weight.
Just hit the bag. No foot movement involved. Do rounds, basically hit. 
I hear you. But still, if he offers, you could take him up on itknowing tennis junkies, he might just be happy to have some more time out on the court.
I posted this elsewhere, but if you can, find a pool and play water tennis until you can play on land. It's a blast, and diving for balls in waist deep water is a helluva work out. Also, water badminton, lacrosse, basketball, baseball, volley ball, and aerobics are all great fun and easy on your joints. Plus the change of playing field puts everyone on equal footing, skill wise. 
Not sure about knee sleeves, but knee braces could work wonders for stability. The jarring and high impact blows from the running and jumping may not be the best idea still even with the braces. I'm not big, but I used to have knee problems and braces helped me immensely.
They're only good for keeping your joints warm. They may help if you have mildly arthritic knees or bad mechanics. Best bet would be to work on your mechanics (valgus knees, post navicular drop, lordisis, etc) 
Yep
Shorthand for you may disagree or maybe swimming still sucks for you.
I will look into that. Rowing certainly looks extremely cardio intensive.
Will do! Thanks!
K, I'll talk to him. I'll just make it clear that I won't feel bad if he tells me he wants to go and play seriously most of the time.
Thank you for answering my thinly-veiled question for op.
On Tuesday I came in the gym and saw 2 regulars pointing at me while doing their warm up cardio and then immediately run to the only squat rack in the gym. After putting on my clothes I went to the squat rack because it was squat day, and apparently I spend way too much time around the squat rack that I've become known for that...
Gym opens in 10 minutes.I'm sitting in my truck, having a coffee, waiting.There's like 10 people waiting by the door.  It's -13 Celsius, windy as fuck and snowing.  Most of them are wearing shorts and Hoodies.  They are all individually trying to open the door.  It's a very odd sight.
So my wife has been lifting with me, and it's been pretty awesome.   We were doing deadlifts next to the power rack.   After every set, she usually asks me a question and starts it off with so......serious question, then asks if her form is good, or where she should be feeling it....stuff like that. So we finish the first set of deadlifts and she says:  okay......serious question.....does making stupid faces in the mirror help you lift more?  Because all yall make them, and you guys lift a lot more than me.    I reply of course, it's critical. At this the guy doing squats in the rack next to us starts chuckling to himself. So on the next set, she starts making the faces....and goes over the top.   The guy doing squats is trying his hardest not to laugh.  On one of her last reps, as she gets to the top of the pull, she starts saying it works! It works! The faces totally work!.....at which point the guy doing squats loses it so much he has to bail.   As he's unloading to reset the bar, she walks over to him and says too much weight eh?  You should try making faces...they really help, and then helped him unload. 
Had a nice little chat for the first time with a guy at the gym. When I was going to leave, I meant to wave goodbye but my water bottle was in that same hand... So I lobbed my bottle at him :( 
Bumped into an old classmate at the gym today. She's always been tall and lean (read: my high school self's body goals), but today as we talked she said she wanted an ass like mine!!! All the squats/hip thrusts/what have you are now worth it 
I finally went ahead and made an appointment with a trainer to do some type of diagnosis on what is going on with my squat (pretty bad pain in my hip flexors even though I am well warmed up and stretched). So I show up Thursday 30 minutes early, do cardio, get warmed up, go to the weight room - he isn't there. So I wait around doing some other leg stuff and he still isn't showing up. I went down to the front desk and asked after like 20 minutes and it turns out he took the night off. I got stood up by a trainer like a sad nerdy girl for prom.&nbsp;So I was hesitant to do squats since there's obviously something going on with my form and hips, but I worked up the courage to ask a random stranger since I didn't see any other trainers. Cut to 10 minutes later and there's a little gang of people surrounding me like a group of Meseeks trying to help Jerry. Oh try holding the bar down here, look at this video. Lean farther back, your knees shouldn't go forward at all. Square your shoulders. I tried squats so many new ways, but I am not sure it helped anything.&nbsp;Honestly it reinforced how much I love my gym environment. There's no weird posturing, everyone wanted to help. But I am more confused than ever and I wish the stupid trainer could have just shown up.Edit: Thanks everyone for the various suggestions and particularly the videos. I'm thinking I'll try filming myself. I have a lot of troubleshooting to do but I have a lot of resources now thanks to you all. Now to just... awkwardly avoid eye contact with that trainer who I thought was my bro.
A resolutioner sitting on a bench asked me to take a picture of him while he unracked 135 lbs. His arms shook violently and I snapped photos wildly. He said he was happy with the pics.
Saw guy struggling to half rep squats. Was about to do my set when I noticed the guy add 15kg to each side so I thought either he's gonna fail this or eigth rep it. He dropped down, he couldn't even stop it so he was ATG, the safeties weren't adjusted so he rolled it over his head and almost took out the guy deadlifting in front of him. He did all this because his friend was doing it quite easily and he wanted to keep up.Bench 80kg for 3 yesterday which was nice.
The gym I go to is a small one & it's got a pretty average crowd. Squating three plates, or benching more than two puts you right up there.A guy came in this morning & he squats 230KG then push pressed 120KG without issue.I hope he comes back. 
Here's an old story of mine. A bit long.About six years ago I worked out at the only gym in my city with a good weight room (that wasn't $230/month). I would do my SS for whatever day it was, hit the showers, maybe spend a few minutes in the sauna, and be on my way. For the most part I was able to get in on my lunch break and the place was usually pretty empty until 1:00pm. One guy showed up occasionally, and his being there made it almost impossible to have a workout. He would use the only squat rack for over an hour. I mean, I know what you're thinking:>Just ask to work in!Well, the problem was he would load 280kg onto the bar and stare at it. I'm not even joking. His starting set was 280kg. No, he wasn't a 20 years of lifting + turkey basters full of HGH kind of guy. He would put 280kg on the bar, stand under it, try to unrack it, fail, and then go to the water fountain/bathroom for 10 minutes. Then he'd come back, add 20kg to each side, and do it again.After he squatted, he would unload the bar, and do rack pulls starting from 320kg. Obviously the bar wouldn't budge even a centimeter. But he'd try, and then walk away for another 10 minutes.The first time this happened I just gave up for the day and came back the next. Even when I changed my schedule to be Tue/Thur/Sat to avoid the asshole, I would occasionally still run into him. Usually I'd show up ten minutes earlier so I could do my squats before he did his own stupid shit (with him glaring at me from across the weight room). One day I was slightly late and showed up to see a bar loaded to 300kg in the squat rack with nobody in sight.I finally got so pissed off that I went to the main counter of the gym and asked if that's acceptable. The middle-aged lady there gave me a shit-eating grin and said He's a paying customer. I told her that eventually he's going to injure himself or someone else, and that he's hogging every single piece of equipment in the room. She said, again, He's a paying customer. Oh, and you're not supposed to remove lifting belts from the room so please return it. I just cancelled my contract on the spot and bought my own equipment for a home gym. Come to think of it, the other staff members and patrons there were also complete and total tools. We had:* The trio of old ladies who would sit on the bench press and have long conversations without working out.* The trainer who literally yelled at me when a plate slid off the barbell as I was benching. This is because one of the idiots working there *fucking oiled the sleeve to make it slippery as hell.*I hate to admit it but when the gym went out of business six months later I was glad.
I'm a real weight lifter!! As a girl I started out intimidated by weightlifting - not any more! This week I hit a one plate (135#) bench for 4 reps, and a two plate (225#) squat for 3! It's taken a year and a half of consistent lifting to get me here and it was worth every minute. 
Sometimes I like to play some basket ball at the gym after im done lifting. Last Saturday I couldnt because there was a rubik's cube competition at the gym.
I've known a gym bro for 1 year since i started training, we talk like almost everyday during workouts and i still don't know his name. It would seem awkward to ask now. Guess I'll never know..
The ex owner in my gym comes in three times a week with his girlfriend to do circuits. They take up an entire cage and the platform in front of it, as well as three barbells, so that they can switch between weights and exercises for the duration of their workout. My gym is normally not *too* busy so often it's fine, but occasionally it's packed and theyre **still** taking up half of the gym (for reference, my gym has 2 cages and one more standalone squat rack, as well as maybe 10 barbells total, mix of male and female, oly/powerlifting). What's more, his girlfriend finds it necessary to write her routine on the platform in chalk, as well as the number of sets she's done. It's the chalk provided by the gym, and it irritates me to see it wasted like that (they recently seem to have stopped providing it too). Because he's the ex owner, all the gym staff know him and aren't going to say anything to him on their own; I'm waiting for some day where they're just blatantly hogging the equipment during a busy period so I can tell the staff to ask them to stop, it bugs me a lot, almost as much so for its sheer arrogance as its hogginess.
My gym doesn't have many clips that work.  Most of them are broken but for some reason they're still left out.I could only find 1 good one, the other 2 on my rack were broken, so the went on a hunt.Took me 10 minutes but eventually I found them.  They were on the seated calf raise.Who the hell uses clips on the seated calf raise?
This week was 1RM testing week. Aww yeah. Bench went from 345 to 370, deadlift from 470 to 500. Squat only went from 445 to 450 though. Still a PR, so I guess I should be happy but I wish it was more. So I'm moving through my warm ups on squat, then load up 450. Some guy comes over and taps me on the shoulder. He asks how long it took me to get here. I tell him I've been powerlifting for about a year and a half. He says he's super impressed and asked how old I am. I say 30. He says he would have guessed early 20's.As someone who feels older than 30, that felt good man.
My girlfriend was in an accident about a year and a half ago that after a long hospital stay left her in a wheelchair. It has been a super long and hard road for her to get to where she is at now, but this week I finally convinced her to come to the gym with me!It was super intimidating for her as she was never into the gym before, and even less so when she is still adjusting to being in a chair, but she gave it a chance. She came with me twice, worked out or about 40 minutes each time. I'm super proud of her and I think it's a great start :)
So i am almost at the 2 months being in the gym.Almost every time i go to the gym, duting my workout, theres always one guy who always ask me if i was new and try to offer help and advice to me. At first i was grateful but after a while of people constantly giving me advice when i never asked or in the middle of my set, suddenly come up behind me and spot me when i repeadtly tell them i am ok and can control the weights, i kind of got annoyed.I am still happy that people at my gym are very friendly and stuff but they clearly see me as this new scrawny kid who cant lift even light weights. I am obviously still new buy what of lets say, 1 year time, and people will still ask if i was new and offer advice when i dont want them? This kind of fuels my motivation to be bigger and stronger so i dont keep getting asked are you new here bro?A little rant. Thanks for reading ^^
Went to gym, upper body day. Lifted like a mad man and felt awesome. When i left i notice someone in the cafe next to the gym waving at me, its my old crush from high school. Proceed to an hour long conversation. Find out shes a regular at the cafe, so now i got extra motivation to go to the gym : D
I don't have a story, but I want to give a shout out to the genius, who designed my gym. Thus gym has logo, reception and all decorations in black and orange combinations. Looks pretty cool. However, they use the same combination on plates too. All small plates (1,25 kg,  2kg, 5kg, 10kg ans 15kg) are black, but big 20kg plates are orange. I know it doesn't sounds interesting, but fuck it's a good motivation. I can't fucking wait to use my first orange plates! http://i.imgur.com/fFKUSNQ.jpg
Long story here, but please bear with me.I've been a regular at my gym for a while now and haven't ever seen anything out of the ordinary go on.  You know the typical, people not reracking weights, sometimes leaving their towel on equipment even after they're done using it.  Heck, I've never even see anyone doing the unholiest of unholies: curling in the squat rack.So yeah, I haven't seen anything out of the ordinary until this week.  I was working out, getting a good pump on, blaring a random workout playlist I found on spotify, when I see these women come in who were dressed to the 9s.  That's cool, I say to myself, a little weird to see at 6am, but I figure they'll go to the locker room and change into normal workout clothes soon.  They gave me some funny looks, but I didn't think about it and continued my routine.Or at least I tried.  I noticed that rather than go to the locker room, they immediately started putting their purses on the bar on the squat rack.  Then they pulled what must have been 3 dozen purses out of their duffle bags and start lining them up on all the bars in the gym.  I honestly thought I had seen everything, but then another woman walked in pulling a huge wardrobe!  She opened it and began lining up the dumbbell racks with fancy shirts.Normally I wouldn't say anything, but this was too much.  I walked up to her and asked her what she was doing putting her shirts on the dumbbells.Uh, I need to put this here? she said, sarcastically.I didn't really even know what that meant, but at this point I was fuming.  I didn't really want to have to move her stuff just to do my set of curls later, even if I was in the right.  I decided to take it up with the manager.Hey, do you see those women over there?Yeah, so what?  What are you doing in here?They're putting all of their clothes on the racks!Yeah, they work here.Wow.  I was flabbergasted.  If they worked here, shouldn't they know better?Well why are they putting clothes on the dumbbell racks?This is a clothing store.I froze.  The words kept repeating in my head.  I walked up to another person in the gym.Hey you, where are we?She looked frightened, but quickly responded.This is a clothing store.Again, frozen.  I walked up to another women and asked where we were.This is a clothing store.I felt all the blood rush out of my face.  Was I going crazy?  I started getting light headed.  I barely managed to stumble outside to get some fresh air before I collapsed.  I decided I needed to go home, so I whistled for a cab and when it came near the license plate said fresh and it had dice in the mirror.  If anything I could say that this cab was rare, but I thought nah, forget it -- yo, holmes to Bel Air!
I wasn't sure if I should post this today or wait for victory sunday. I went to work this week and as I was taking off my jacket my coworker was laughing and asked me what I was wearing. It was a regular button up shirt, but the problem was that there was a rip in the shirt right between my shoulder blades.I remember putting on my coat at home and maybe hearing something rip, but I didn't think it was anything. I laughed and borrowed a sweater from another coworker.The gainssssss! Have I made it guys??Also, another coworker was surprised that my shirt ripped because apparently all they ever see me do is squats... You're next pants! 
A year and half ago, I hurt my back Deadlift 315+ pounds (I forgot how much it was). After that, I couldn't Deadlift the bar at all. Couldn't bend forward. My Squat stalled at 175. 2 years later, I'm at 265 for Deadlift and 215 for Squats. My ohp is the highest it's ever been at 110. Bench is at 150. (these aren't one rep max). I'm so happy to be back in somewhat decent shape. It sucks that I have to stop next month for 4 months :(. Oh yea, saw a dude curling on the Squat rack. Never seen one of those at my old gym...
Two sets of 5 pull ups @ 255lbs, 50 years old. Getting there slowly 
I saw an older woman lifting weights who had hair shorter than anyone cuts their hair. I asked her if her hair was growing back from chemo and she said it was. I pointed at my own curly mop and said, Eleven months later!  Since I'm a healthy 35 year old, she took a double take at me and noticed the flat chest from my double mastectomies. We had a really good chat and I gave her lots of encouragement. A week later, her workout buddy took me aside and thanked me for talking with her friend. 
I ran into John Cena last night at Worlds. He must have been visiting or something since I've never seen him there before. I was too scared to ask for a photo, but my lifting buddy wasn't. Next thing I know I'm ripping my straps off and acting like a school girl to get into a picture with him before his next set. Super cool guy, made funny faces. Too bad I couldn't see them.On another note, I am stoked that I hit single arm rows for 10 @100#, and 5 @120#. I'm a girl. 
Tried out deadlifting with chains for the first time ever, and with my gym being a commercial gym, everyone looked at me like I was a madman dragging the chains to my station. I felt like the biggest memelord. It was great. [Here is a grindy rep with them for those that care](https://www.instagram.com/p/BQXc6fxlP-K/)
M/39/5'7/178lbsWent to gym yesterday to do legs and chest. I've been going for 7 months regular, and was doing the bench. I used the form which tightens the scapula, braces the core and glutes, feet back. Easily did 135, 155, then time to do 175. Wanted to do 5 reps, on third rep a nightmare happened ...The bar slipped from my grip and fell on my ribs and chest. It happened so fast, i gave out a loud shout. I got up and rolled the weights onto my legs and this old buff guy infront doing dumbell chest presses ran to take off the weight from my legs.I was in shock and was holding my rib cage. I thought i was gonna die or something. He asked me if i was ok. I did not feel anything broken. I got up and my ribs hurt. I had to leave but needed to rerack the barbell. Old guy saw me and offered to help. We both took one end and racked it and i left.As I was walking i looked around embarrasingly and no one seemed to noticed what had happend which was wierd. I walked to my car and called to make an appt to see the doc in case i had broken something or punctured a lung. It was 9:23am and they happened to have an opening at 9:30am. So i drove there quick.Saw my primary physician, who happens to be a sports doctor too. His physical therapist associate checked my ribs and concluded i did not break anything. Doc came by and said same thing. I was real lucky. He said to ice it and take pain meds. Being a regular at the gym my primary question was when can i goto the gym again. He said monday, phew, although i might be sore.Well i have been taking pain meds and icing my ribs. Its 5am now writing this and it feels better now that i have rested. But im not sure i will be doing any bench press without a spotter no matter the weight or maybe do them in the squat racks where there is a safety bar. I still have flashbacks of what happened and I cringe about if it had dropped on my neck or head .... Thinking back I think because i had a tight core and abs were flexed, the damage was less than it could have been.edit1: it was a regular grip, not suicide, but that bench presses' bar felt spikey and off. I adjusted my grip slightly, but that and the odd bar texture may have caused the bar to slip.Tldr: did bench with 175lb, bar fell on ribs. Cool old buff dude helped, was in shock, went to doc, nothing broken, still sore.
OK so I've only been lifting a little over a month at my local YMCA. I'm doing my SL 5x5 and it's bench day, I'm up to 140 pounds, getting through my sets with a little difficulty, when I notice some old fat guy drop his backpack off at the incline bench next to me.  Im eyeballing this guy without trying to make it obvious.  He's old, all white hair, and FAT.  I mean giant belly, at least 400 pounds.  He looks like don Vito from that old MTV bam margera shit.  I silently judge him but realize who am I to judge, guys trying to better himself.  Good for him.     So I do another set, really had trouble with my last rep but I get it done.  Come up and see how the old guy is making out........don't ya know the old man has loaded 3 plates on the incline bench.  What.the.fuck?  He sits down and starts moving this thing up and down faster than I do my warm-up sets of just the bar.  I was astonished.  I wanted to say something but didn't. Ended up just creeping this old fat guy lol.    Tldr; Never judge a book by it's cover!
Currently in the gym, about to go on to 4th set of bench 85kgs for 2, 80kgs for 5 felt heavy.  Donated blood on Thursday and feel like I've lost some gains, not sure if true or just feels that way. If I don't post again snd hlp stuck under bar
While at the gym a while ago, some guy offered help to me rerack my weights. Said no because that's additional gains for me.
I got turned down for a job offer, I was really looking forward to working with this company. As the rejection set in, my first thought was at least i'm going to have serious anger gains in the gym today!.
for about 5 months up until halfway through january I was feeling really depressed. I had taken the semester off, and it had turned me into a lonely, binge eating pot head fuck. Barely made any gains besides gained fat. But on January 17th, I told myself I was going to turn it all around. I have been religiously hitting the gym 6 days a week (And I skateboard and do yoga on my day off) And I feel fantastic! My bench went up, I can see my abs, Im back in school, and  my confidence has skyrocketed- Ive gotten three cute girls phone numbers on napkins at work, and tonight Im taking the hottest girl in school (no seriously, I don't know how the fuck I made this happen) out to an adult friendly artist inspired mini golf course/bar! Very nervous because Im a weird, but she likes yoga, drinks like a horse and based off of the snapchats I've gotten, she's willing to sit on my face, so I'm down for the count.I know this all sounds like bragging, and its not super gym related, but I killed my depression by hitting the gym, I havent been so happy in years, I honestly feel like a god right now. Happy saturday to my fellow meat heads, wish me luck! (and if you have any tips on not being awkward hit my line)
When I started lifting as a skinny fat dude a few months ago,all my friends laughed in my face.Now,they're begging me to take them under my wing.Feels good man :)
Not sure if I took too much creatine or watched too many Bradley Martyn videos, but my hairline is receding HARD. No one in my family is bald and I'm 22 jttbjsjdnfofndkhra 
So one Wednesday I had the best day of deadlifting I've ever had. Went home super stoked. After three hours of being home I developed a super high fever, body cramps and tons of other unspeakable things were happening to me. Turns out I got DENGUE Fever, which, for those of you who don't know, basically feels like your bones are breaking. I've been stuck in bed for three days now unable to really move. Stupid mosquitos taking away my deadlifting highs. 
Here is a list of types of squat I've seen at the gym this week.Full squatsHalf squatsQuarter squatsAnkle squatsJump squatsThink he's about to be crushed to death overhead squatsHe's got brand new squat shoes pretty good effort squatsAnd finallyDance squats. This is where you do a full fold in collapse on yourself squat. Fire out of the hole. Kick a leg out out at the top position while you press the bar to the overhead position. Lower the bar, bring the leg back in and repeat until you fall over or someone drop kicks you for being a knob.
There has been a guy at my gym multiple times over the last fortnight working out in a business shirt and trousers. It's a slim fit shirt too. Also, I'm pretty sure it's the same set of clothes everyday I've seen him. 
Went to a fish fry last night and ate way too much fried food, then didn't sleep well. Had to drop all my lifts by 5 lbs this morning to finish my sets... I guess you could say it was a pretty crappie workout.
I witnessed a fellow gymgoer having his friends film him doing a one rep max of shrugs on the Smith machine. I'm sure he got the Instagram likes doing 2 plates 
I benched a set of 60kg/132lb and Overhead Press a set of 35kg/77lbs. As someone with insomnia (slow progress :( ) who thought they would never reach those targets, I'm extremely proud. That's all.Edit for correct pounds. Thanks /u/iDeZey !
I went to the gym last saturday and found it  empty except for one dude. Filled with bliss I hyped myself for some heavy deadlifts (for me atleast). This guy comes up to me and asks what I am doing, I explain deadlifts to him and he calls me strong. Super nice guy, but a bit talkative. I spent just under hour on my deadlifts before I implored I needed to finish. But still, very uplifting experience :) 
I made a room into my home gym, so I don't go to a gym anymore. Now the only stories I have is when I fart while on my rowing machine. 
Baby woke me up at 3 am this morning and didn't go down until almost 4. I decided to just go to the gym instead of going back to bed for an hour or so until the older kid woke up. I had the entire weight area to myself, it was fantastic
People starters complimenting on the progress I made. Another friend wants to cosplay in the summer So we can walk around shirtless without looking like douchebags
no story i'm just really happy to be only 10 pounds away from benching my body weight finally. a year ago i was struggling at 55 pounds. 
A guy at my gym asked me to change one of the TVs to a basketball game so he could watch as he was on the elliptical, so I put it on ESPN. About 15 minutes later, he said he meant the Duke vs North Carolina game, so I changed it to the other ESPN channel.As he was leaving, I asked who won, and he said Duke. I asked who he was rooting for, and he said Duke because his son is on the team. Brought a tear to my eye for some reason.
Not really a story.  I just started going to a gym for the first time.  24 year old male, no idea what I'm doing, but people are helpful.  Still super super nervous, but I gotta get ready for the army.
There's a man at my gym whom I call The Viking.  He might be in his mid-20s, has full sleeve tattoos, and a beard that goes down to the middle of his chest.  He's not shredded, just a massively large human being.  Like the guy probably has a table reserved for him in Valhalla.I've only ever seen him do upper-body work, and I've waited in anticipation for the day I come in to find him doing legs.  He legitimately looks like he could pull 600 lbs.  Finally, this week, the day had come.  I watched as he moved to a squat rack.  I could imagine all of Odin's Valkyries turning their eyes toward this behemoth of a man, willing him onward and tempting him with kegs of mead.  Ragnarok had come at long last, and The Viking was about to slay legs.He loads up 225.  Must be a warm-up.  The heavens are singing in Nordic hymns, the trolls are cowering in fear, and Thor is brandishing Mjolnir in a triumphant fist.  The Viking's time to publicly embarrass us mere mortals was at hand.He unracks the bar....steps back....and half reps the shit out of 225 for three sets.  And I'm being generous.I've never been more disappointed in my life.
I offended the iron gods yesterday by spitting a little on the DL platform when I exhaled.  I've been laid up in bed with a gnarly cold since my post-workout meal.  I'm sorry, it was an accident, please forgive me.
Pretty tame week beside seeing a guy spend an hour doing stretches in the deadlift rack (when the gym has two dedicated rooms of *mats for this exact purpose). This isn't a rant because it was a pretty empty gym and I was on push day so I didn't need the rack, but I just don't get why he thought it was a good idea to do them there and for so long. He didnt even deadlift after all of the stretching!?
I was changing in the bathroom when guy 1 bursts through the door and into a stall. Guy 2 follows in a few seconds later,2- Dude what's wrong?1- I took some of your supplements.2- What'd you take?1- Just protein and creatine.2- Okay so? How much did you take? 1- Just one scoop for both. I used the protein scoop.2- That's how people go to the hospital you idiot!So I would guess he took probably 30g of creatine for his first time taking it. No bueno on your bowels. 
I corrected my technique for squats and was able to jump straight from 80kg to 90kg for my sets.  Aiming for 100kg in the near future. Thank you actually useful gym instructor. 
My uni's gym is having a can drive so I brought a couple in. Then I see a regular carrying four shopping bags worth of cans walk in, perfect form, a bit red in the face, arms pumped upp. I knew he was about to have a killer workout
- I saw a guy doing wrist curls at a bench press with two squat bars stacked on each other. He looked new. He did them very efficiently.- Went to go get some blood taken and the nurse had to feel around for my deep as fuck veins. Felt like she was mirin' at one point and I went full [Fonzie](https://youtu.be/yyzK6e6py9A?t=1).- Did a head-nod as a greeting to my friend and realized that was not my friend. That guy now winks at me when I see him. I will remember to wear my glasses now.- A guy brought his 5 year old to the heavy weights area and let him set up camp at a squat rack. He then got mad at anyone who wanted to use it because his son was using it. His son eventually got bored and moved to sitting on the floor. The dad then tries instill the idea that arm day is literally the only day a real man needs. This man had pretzel sticks for legs.
Guy was being kicked out of the gym last week for doing nude yoga in one of the studios.  In no way is it that type of gym.
A good friend of mine has been asking questions about the gym, food, programs etc the last few weeks, and this week he asked if he could come with me to the gym! We're going in about an hour, I'm super excited and really hope he'll stick with it.On another note, I'd been feeling I wasn't progressing as much as I'd like, but yesterday I was at a friends birthday party and got loads of compliments about my gainz. Really made my day. edit: I took my preworkout and am all hyped up and hes late ;_;
I have a gym crush but I don't know how to talk to her. Seriously guys, how do y'all approach girls at the gym? 
I was having a pretty good leg day; foam rolled the day before, legs felt happy, got the max I was shooting for. Feeling good after completing my prescribed sets, I decided do a burnout on 225. For extra hype, I borrowed my friend's headphones, got some back slaps, and proceeded to turn up the autism. I felt pretty good for the first couple reps, but once I hit 4 I started to grunt a little in order to channel my qi and get more reps. Anyways, I finished my burnout and felt great, but after I re-racked the weight my friend and the adjacent squatters were looking at me kinda funny. Apparently while in the zone and unable to hear myself over the music, my perceived light grunting was really a fog horn reverberating across the gym. So, r/Fitness, what are some good things to look for in a new gym?
Dropped 40 lbs of sympathy weight sonce my daughter was born in may, did my first set of repetitive muscle ups, and a couple abs have stayed visible for more than a week.Feels food to be a DILF again 
I can't remember specifically which day it was, maybe Tuesday? But I came in to the gym that I am new to (only just got the membership a couple weeks ago, but i've been going almost every day since) and the girl at the counter scanning my pass goes wow you're a little late today! Normally I come in around 2pm but that day I was lazy and running late so I came in around 330pm. Nice to be remembered for being consistent though! 
Showed up to the Gym at 6:30 am. Waited for my sisters friend who said he would show up so I can give him some tips, did my workout and went home. He calls me two hours later upset that I stood him up at the Gym. Our Gyms are on the same street but 3 blocks apart...
I made a 3 second direct eye contact with my gym crush since I've seen her glancing a couple times over at my direction beforehand. I think I'm gonna go for the digits on Monday. Wish me luck bros!
It finally happened! I finally saw somebody curling in the squat rack. A guy came and asked if he was using it to which I assumed he would just say Go ahead you can use it. Instead however: Just two sets left. He seriously occupied the only squat rack (small gym) to curl an empty barbell because the floor wasn't good enough.
Dear guy *helping* a girl with her pullups by cupping her butt with both hands.I hate you for two reasons. Ruining the gym, and jealousy. 
M 16, 5'4 120 poundsCouple hours ago I hit 135 x 6 for squat. Pretty happy with that working out is the most amazing thing I have started in my life.
finally hit a 2pl8 bench, but unfortunately it seems that I can only accomplish that feat after mean mugging the entire gym for five minutes, including the old guy who works out in a polo shirt tucked into his belt and jeans, two 11 year old girls bouncing on bosu balls and yelling, this weird guy who wears a bandana and wrist straps to do 30 minutes of curls, and several other perfectly normal people who got in the way of my PR.i felt a little guilty afterwards but still... 225.
One of the supervisors in my (newly formed) weightlifting/powerlifting club was giving the members an introduction and everything. He begun by saying , I squat 300 for reps and it's quite intimidating for beginners... hence why I don't train with you guys. Little did he know, 85% of the club members squatted more than 300.
Not much of a story, but [this](https://instagram.com/p/BOGnZsIDjOw/) just hurts watching, especially in person. She teaches classes at my gym while also getting in her own two hour workouts. She may be strong but I'd rather not see her hurt herself and actually train her deadlifts and squats instead of just jump to another weight. 
This is last weekend not today but was hit on mercilessly by a chick 6 years older than me (I'm 18) on pull day. She asked for my number and turns out she's psychotic but does squats, so it balances out. Seeing her again today. Will smash. Honestly feels like a dream. We're all gonna make it brosedit: she gave me some bs about not having physical chemistry even though she hit on me. Disqualified before I can even try. Virgin I remain it appears. RIP.
I got a hemorrhoid _ 
We have 4 squats racks at my gym. This morning a trainer at the gym was using 3 of them to make a circuit training to the woman she was training. Basically one of Rdl, one for good mornings and one for squats.First time I see one person holding 3 squat racks at the same time.
So I was sitting there in lalaland in between benching sets, when a guy I don't know waves at me. The wtf look on my face must've been obvious cause he came over to my bench and went hey, just saying hi cause I feel it would be awkward not to now... turns out, it was [the guy who had asked me to reach into his pocket last week](https://www.reddit.com/r/Fitness/comments/5rzkyq/gym_story_saturday/ddbwdy8/) he went onto say thanks for doing that, or something along those lines (Is this the part where the folks of /r/fitness start planning the wedding? Sorry to burst bubbles, bros, he's not my type :P) I continued to be socially stupid though, cause apparently that's just how I just operate in life. I just said something like Oh, OH THAT. Yeah... that's fair. Haha. and then abruptly went into set-up mode for my next benching set. Guy must think I'm either a lunatic or a bitch. Also, that's fair? what kind of response is that, brain? -___-
Pretty small dude loaded 800+ pounds on a leg press machine, shouted loudly this is gonna tough one, and proceed to do legpresses with about 6 inches range of motion while loudly and gutterally grunting. Thats not kosher right? 
The instructor at my gym that leads the spin classes sounds like Eeyore. OOOOKKKK gguuyysss...Tttuurrnn iittt uupppp....Gggrreeaaatt jjoobbbbb... I don't know how anyone could get excited to work out with this dude. 
It may not be a gym story but my 2 year old just dead lifted a 5 lb costco sized food container with perfect form to carry it across the room. It's only 1/4 his body weight but damn, when do we forget how to use form when a toddler has it?
Currently at the gym. My head phone's battery died just as I finished my last rep of the day. I think my gadgets have begun to sync with my habits. Please remind me when's the Judgement Day? 
About a month ago I posted talking about how I had to do the roll of shame while benching and this huge, super swole dude came to my rescue. I've been saying hi to this bro pretty much every time I see him because we usually go at the same times every night and he is literally my hero.Last night I saw two kids alternating on the bench press. One kid was weaker than the other, which is normal if you're starting out with a friend who is supposed to teach/coach you. One kid goes, puts 50 lbs on the bar, for a total of 95 and does his set. The newbie friend goes up, puts 20 lbs on the bar, and does his set. First guy goes again. The newbie tries to do his second set while his friend watches from the side and suddenly the bar isn't going up anymore. This kid's face is beet red pushing up against the bar like gravity wants to take him out. I saw him struggle for a good few seconds, which should have been enough for the friend to notice he has to go and spot him! But he just stood there and stared. Suddenly, between sets deadlifting like 450 lbs with resistance bands pulling the shit down, the same super swole dude that saved me in that spot came and saved this kid like a fucking guardian angel. This dude is crazy nice and looks out for newbies in trouble.Secondary from last night: I always wash my hands last thing before leaving the gym. On my way out, I saw a big hole in the ceiling. I thought about telling the guy at the front desk but I got sidetracked between thinking about saying there's a huge-ass hole in the men's bathroom ceiling instead of there's a huge asshole in the men's bathroom ceiling. I laughed too hard at this shit and decided to leave it alone.
I wear a bandana while i exercise.Saw a girl for the first time in the gym 2 days ago, looking kinda uncomfortable, and not sure what to do.I waved at her, just like saying hi, and she looked at me like she's amazed beyond beliefsaw her again today, this time she had a bandana on and looked SUPER confidentit was adorable
When I go to the gym to train, I don't like looking at anyone. My headphones are in and I'm completely focused on my moves and writing everything down. But this is also due to the fact that if I notice any good looking guys, well, I won't be able to focus on my sets. Saturday is leg day for me so here I am in the power rack doing my thing. While resting between sets the guy who was in the rack next to me asks if I could spot him. We were the only two in that area at the time. Sure, I say, and stand to go help out. I then see that his bar is loaded with 405#. Immediately I'm embarrassed and annoyed, thinking he's joking me. I'm just a girl who can't even squat over 185 so I really don't see how I could help. He assures me he's not kidding. So I go over to help and tell him that if he misses, he will die. We laugh. *But really I'm serious ;)* Then I notice he's attractive! And then it all goes downhill from there. Because now I'm embarrassed about how I look, what I'm squatting and that he's probably judging my form. So now I can't even look at him anymore-not that I was before. So I finish up and walk over to some machines, which he comes over and uses the ones next to mine each time I switch. Long story short I think he was trying to talk to me, but I'm so shy and awkward and a total idiot that I completely shut him down. And this is why I keep my headphones in, and look at no one. And this is also why I'll be single forever. 
The last couple weeks I've seen three different women watching me do different exercises (mostly cable exercises) and then do the same ones once I leave the machine. It makes me feel really happy because it finally feels like I've gotten into my groove and inspiring others. But, at the same time, I think that's really common. Just the a few weeks ago I saw a girl doing seated cable rows and my brain had a light switch flip on like *why didn't YOU think of that, dummy!* and now it's a regular part of my arm/shoulders routine.Also, I watched this very small Asian man bench 175 lbs and like me and five other people stopped our workouts and were like jesus christ, guy. He was about 5'5 and probably only 110, 115 lbs max. I was incredibly impressed!
Im a college student. Right when I got the gym I realized I had online homework due in an hour. Pulled up the assignment on my phone, and answered questions in between sets. Got a 50% but that is better than a 0!
This guy at the gym introduced me to intermittent fasting. I'm freaking loving it; I'm only on day four but I've already noticed a difference. I have more energy than usual and no longer crave to snack during the day. The only downside is trying to eat so much in one sitting especially when I have a sit down job. 
The snow screwed my schedule up the other day (normally a morning goer) but also got me out of work so I ended up at the gym midday before they closed early.As I'm waiting by the door watching the snow come down hard one of the other morning regulars was on her way out and checked to make sure I was all set with a ride before she took off.Have I been accepted by the morning regulars? Am I one, now?
We have an 600 sq ft area in my gym that's just squat racks and bars with a few benches tucked away from the normal weight room. It's fucking awesome. I showed up this morning right when the gym opened, and went to that area to do some squats.  It was a complete fucking mess.  Plates and bars all over the place.  Clips just tossed on the floor.  Fucking disgraceful. I had the area to myself for my whole squat session.  In between sets, I cleaned up the whole damn thing.  I didn't distribute the plates evenly, but at least reracked them in a somewhat sensible order and put away extra bars and clips.  There's a security camera over looking the area, and a gym employee came over and thanked me because they saw me doing it on the CCTV.The gym is free to use for like 75% us there.  People should fucking take care of it.  Fucking pisses me off.
I was walking on the ground floor of my dorm and some dude said he recognized me from the gym. He was hammered, shouted LET'S GO, called me swole, and then flexed. Does this mean I'm ready to start my own insta fitness page?
I was doing leg press and upping the weight for each of my 3 sets.  My 3rd set was 370lbs which I'm pretty proud of.  I did 8 reps and felt I had the strength for a 9th.  Anyway, as I'm bending my legs for the last rep, I let out a huge fart and proceed to laugh to myself and almost drop the weights and collapse my legs.  I managed to get it up and continued laughing :PTL;DR  I farted and almost broke my legs
I was making progress as a beginner in 2015, then had to stop because I rotated my sacrum and got sciatica toward the end of the year. It took me like six months before I could stop fearing lifting again. At that point, I also got a new job with a gym really close by. I went to the gym regularly for a few months until I hurt my back again (not sciatica this time). Then I lost my job because I didn't have enough experience, and I had to move back home.I was volunteering for experience in my field for another 3 months and lost all my gains because my office was such an extreme grind that I often had to skip lunch just to keep up with the work. There was also no gym nearby, and I was putting in so 12-to-14-hour days at work that I couldn't manage it. I built a home gym and restarted SL5x5, quit doing my miserable volunteer job, and started doing some contract work while trying to figure out a permanent job.I'm not very happy with my life in any respect because all my struggles don't seem to amount to much. But I did record myself squatting the other day. I saw that my form was actually a lot better than ever before. Put a smile on my face. I'm look forward to leg day.
Not me, but my roommate when to the gym today and saw a guy with a tank top that didn't cover his nipples. And on said nipples were these door-knocker sized rings.
Was doing my last set yesterday night, was on my 5th deadlift rep, and halfway I wanted to stop, but thought fuck it i can do one more because I was thinking about it I didnt pay attention to my form, accidentally rounded my back halfway the deadlift rep. (It was 95kg, been working out for about 3 months now)I Did manage to pull it all the way up and dropped it down, followed by a painful fucking feeling in my back. Todays the next day, still feels like I have a fucking metal bar in my lower back and I can barely bend forward, but its better than it was yesterday.Pay full attention to your form before you snap your shit up.
There's a class that comes in to workout at certain times of day, and yesterday they were doing OHP as one of their lifts. I was OHPing myself in one of the racks and there was a guy next to me who just finished doing the same. He had unloaded the bar and everything.So naturally, a couple members of the class pair up and use that rack to press. The guy comes over to them and explains the he wasn't doing using the rack yet, which I thought was a little odd since I just saw him finish up and go do something else. This guy proceeds to start curling the empty barbell in the squat rack. He really kicked people pressing out so he could curl an empty barbell. He did it for a few sets and then proceeded to start curling with dumbbells....I'm still kinda at a loss for words about what I saw.
So I went to my personal trainer appointment, and the guy before me was ragging on Lady Gaga's *slight* tummy pouch at the Super Bowl.  (He's an older, not so fit guy, btw) And I defended her, saying hey, it's nice to have her be okay with it.  He says well yeah, yours is bigger.   Say wha?  And then he goes on to say how people like her are providing an image, and they have to live up to it.  I responded to the image part...but the more I think about it, the more I want to call him out on commenting on *me*.  I dunno.
Well, I managed to squat 255lb once without prolapsing my ass so that was pretty tight. I only weigh 148lb so I'm pretty proud of myself. I didn't take a picture of my legs and post it on insta afterwards though so it's like it never even happened in the first place. 
Yesterday I went up to the leg curl, set it to my weight, and then turned around to out my water bottle down. When I turned back around to get on another guy had just changed the weight and started using it. I just stood there staring like wtf
Tiny guy in the gym brought his girlfriend. He was squatting in the smith machine.  He had his girlfriend hold her arm parallel so he knew where to stop. http://m.imgur.com/sXpPDLXKudos to him for making the effort for good form, but I don't know why he didn't grab a box. I just don't want my fiance anywhere near my ass while I squat. 
I am the only woman at my boxing class. I always enjoy when newbies underestimate me and are beaten instead. 
I have no gym stories because I'm about to run smolov on bench and squat which means I've had to take a complete deload week to prepare. I'm bored af y'all 
Late to the party, had a 'Deadlift-off' with around 25 others this time last week. Mixture of guys and girls, just the regulars who tend to deadlift and do compounds rather than the machines. Started with the bar at 60kg on one platform and each of us would get up and do a singular rep before tagging in the next person. Once everyone had done 60kg, it went to 70kg. Same story, continuing with 10kg increments with only 5 guys making it past 210kg. It was quite interesting to see what the other regulars can actually pull, as normally you only see them doing sub-maximal work and don't necessarily interact all that often. After every lift there was Hi-5s and cheering. All the noise was such a psych-up. Was good. Story done. Would recommend, twas something different and not often you see something like that at a commercial gym
With pre workout surging hard in my veins I walked up to the squat racks with an energy I've never felt before. Out of my peripherals I see the left rack and the right rack taken, leaving two in the middle. The left middle rack is slightly hidden around a corner, and a regular bro I've never talked to is deadlifting in front of the middle right rack. So with my tunnel vision I walk up to him with authority and ask to squat in the rack. Sarcastically he says no. We chuckle it off. As I walk up to set the safeties I look to my left and the middle left rack is completely empty. How embarrassing. Make small talk how I'm blind and he said you just want to squat in front of me. I say maybe. Awesome, a friendly homosexual chirp. I'm in. Commence my high volume leg day and we have a few more chats over leg routines. What a great feeling to make new friends at the gym! 
One of the older guys that goes to my rec center is quite an interesting man. I've never seen him complete more than 1/2 a rep of any exercise he does, yet he'll grab the biggest dumbbell he can find (other than himself) to do so. He believes sweat is weakness leaving the body that nourishes the bench to facilitate growth in whomever sits on it next, so he chooses not to wipe down equipment.Yesterday I set up on the seated barbell shoulder press station and he comes up and asks how many sets I have left - I say 4 and offer to work in with him since it might be a wait. No, that's fine and proceeds to move ~3 feet away and do what I can only describe as an in-air tricep extension, only his elbow never hits 90 degrees, let alone anywhere close to it. While he's doing these, he's shamelessly mean-mugging me like I just took away his firstborn. After I finish my sets I wipe down the equipment and ask him if he'd like for me to take off or add any weight. Yeah, add another 25 to the one you've already got on, otherwise I won't even feel it. You got it, boss. I move on to my next exercise, curious to see what's going to happen when the barbell with twice the weight I had on moves off the rack. Without exaggeration, he 1/10th-reps every rep thereafter. Some people are fascinating.
Today I accidentally over dosed on cough syrup, of you have ever done it you know the wack feeling it gives you.  That being said I went to the gym and only realised by the time I got there I felt really weird but if course the workout went on and it was great. Tl:Dr: got wacked on cough syrup and lifted 
Went to the gym with my gf. I'm coaching her through some squats and she's a natural. Some old lady walks up with the pussy pad and asks me if she wants to use it. I stare at her and just say I think she's going to be fine. She mutters something about it being bad for her back and walks away. I hate the pussy pad with a passion. Later she stole a rep from me on bench press and she learned a lesson on spotting.
I accidentally fell in love with the girl on the treadmill next to me... 
Guy was curling in the squat rack. He got out of it since he knows I work legs. Felt embarassed as he knew my workout habits lol.
I'm 5'5 120lb 27M. I think I've been a story the past couple of weeks.Last week I was going for a new 5RM on bench (weakest lift by far) at 147.5. I failed on the 5th reps and bailed out by tilting the bar so the weight dumped off one side and then the other due to unbalancing. Made a bit of a scene and prompted one of the trainers to make sure I was ok. (I was fine).Yesterday, on squat 5RM (best lift) at 297.5, I again failed on the 5th rep and bailed out. My gym doesn't have safeties, but all plates are rubber and there are rubber mats on the floor. So a failed squat just falls to the ground. Well, because I was a bit forward, it hit my left hip bone first, but then went to the ground. Again a trainer came over and made sure I was ok. Again I was, and I finished the rest of my lift for the day (OHP and Power Cleans).
I changed jobs recently and now work at a health food store.  We had some protein bars that needed throwing out because they were close to expiry.  I took them to the gym and donated them to my brother's and sisters in need.  The gods were looking down at me and flexing.  
Not sure if this belongs here. I train at an MMA gym that also does cross fit. I'm always so happy in the gym. Everyone looks out for each other. We take care of each other. Well a few weeks ago this dude comes in for striking class. Now I'm 6'1 and this guy stands at like 5'8 maybe 5'9 and he is trying to prove something. You've seen the type. We start out throwing basic combinations. No big deal. Then this guy starts throwing hard. Real hard. So I bite. I start throwing. He realizes pretty soon I'm too tall and I can out reach and out kick him. So he tucks his head and starts bull rushing me. Then it really gets ugly. I throw a leg kick and he wobbles and I put him into the most violent hip throw I've pulled off. So now the whole room is looking as I try amd control this guy after our light sparring session turned into a full 5 minute round of a real fight. I'm nervous because I don't wanna get yelled at. He's still trying to be tough. My coach just pat me on the back and told me to walk it off. He talked to the kid/guy. And he hasn't been back since then. Not sure if by choice or not. Anyone else deal with a similar type person? Or situation? Again sorry if this isn't that type od gym story Saturday. 
Just started going back to the gym this week. Day 1, I'm feeling good, gong through my workout just fine. The gym is in my office building so it's limited in what is available. I started doing stiff leg dumbell deadlifts. 3rd rep and I feel a twinge in my lower back and I'm stuck in the bent over position cause of the pain. I make my way over to the mats in front of the mirrors and collapse to the ground. I get on my back and stretch out everything as much a possible, but the pain is still there. Shower up and head to the office for the work day. 4 days later in still feeling the pain but it's getting better every day and I haven't missed any workouts. Moral of the story, start slow when getting back into the routine. 
At my gym a guy has started to play the role of a personal trainer. He has a woman who he trains and he keeps her doing all kinds of weird shit. Today all she did was [these](http://305iir24zxo5sg6qj2nwjqpy.wpengine.netdna-cdn.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/07/assisted-squat-to-stand.png) squats. And at some point when she was not doing those, they were throwing some little ball to each other, playing catch at the gym because why not?! I can't wait what he comes up with next.
My gym has a turf and one lane track area, used mostly for the sled. The other day, I witnessed a kid put every 45 in sight onto the sled's two racks. The weight was easily over 1,000 lbs. With the sled in the middle of the approx. 100 ft. track, the kid attempted to push this ridiculous amount of weight. As soon as he ran into the sled to push it, it was like he was met with a brick wall. Many people in the gym witnessed, I saw a couple people actually recording video 
My progress has been slowing and Im juust shy of my 3 plate squat so, feeling super determined to get it but I've had to take a week to deload. I was at the squat rack in the middle of some sets at 275 when I overhear the bros at the next rack. Gym bro helping his novice friend get comfortable with the lifts and all. Once they get up to around 225 the new guy starts to really struggle and I overhear him say sorry, that guy just made it look so easy. \*que* my heart and quads swell with pride. His friend went on to knock out a few reps at 315 which honestly just gave me more motivation. Also I've been loving PPL for a few months now but feels like its about time to switch up my rotation, which makes me sad because I really loved the overall feel of that routine. Oh, well
This happened last month. Couldn't make it to the gym before they closed one Saturday, so I decided to go to this calisthenics area in a neighborhood park. I was alternating between various forms of pullups and dips. The station is located along the grassy part of a median that also has a paved walkway, so you see all kinds of people coming by - joggers, families, young couples, etc.Along strolls this older gentleman, in his fifties at least, dressed extremely dapper. Tailored shirt, suspenders, nice slacks, church shoes, the whole nine yards. And he's got a little terrier with him.He walks up to the calisthenic station, ties her leash to a post and without hesitation or any warm-up proceeds to perform a swift, agile rope climb. He descends, retrieves his dog, I give him a bewildered thumbs up, and he walks off.
After running on the treadmill one week, then inching to the elliptical the next, I finally made it to the weight room and lifted all my days this week even though i didn't want to! 
Today has just been one of those not-really-feeling-it days. I seem to be having them more and more frequently. What do you guys do to get over this feeling?
Joined a new crossfit gym a few weeks ago. They have a couple good athletes but I was immedietely one of the strongest there. Today another new guy joined who is similar strength to me. Mentally as the Gym Alpha (at least in my mind) i could not let myself drag him down in the partner workout.  So this new guy and I end up one upping each other and pushing harder and harder. Afterwards he said he too was trying not to drag me down. Got a great workout in and maybe, just maybe, made a gym bro. 
First time someone has asked me how much I have left of a workout, to use the power rack I was using. I panicked and everything I've learnt about gym etiquette flew straight out the window. I said I have 2 reps of 8 sets face pamled myself. Lifted two more weights then gestures the rig was free for him. I might have to switch gyms now, but I think he knew I was a virgin to being asked simple questions.
I go to a pretty small gym that closes at 10pm on the weekdays, and I usually like to go around 8-8:30. The gym owner usually works the counter himself. Last night, while I was doing deadlifts in a separate room in the back, he walks in and turns off all the lights except the one right over my head. He then turns off half the lights all around the gym, turns off the TVs and starts vacuuming. I thought I might've been holding him up, but when I checked the time it was barely 9pm. There were maybe 2 other guys in there, as well. Just made me feel rushed and I was super annoyed with him trying to push us out the door an hour before they even close. I'm checking out a new gym tomorrow, and if it's decent enough then I'm switching. Don't treat your members like they're a nuisance. 
The powerlifting gym I go to is slowly emptying of equipment. The owner has already got rid of a squat rack, a T bar row platform, and a low row machine. Guess I'll start looking for somewhere else now. :(
Was doing Oly lifting at my gym. There are buckets of chalk scattered through out the gym. One person front racked the barbell with weights and stepped very far from his power rack and platform. I think he was going to do his lifts away from the platform. There was a bucket of chalk right next to him. Just before I could even say anything, he drops his weight on to the bucket, without knowing it was there. Then, BOOOOOOM! Chalk goes flying everywhere! He gives me [this look](http://az616578.vo.msecnd.net/files/2016/04/13/6359610372369111921741426606_jim%20halpert.png). I smiled and chuckled in a non disrespecting way because I've had my gym moments too. One person said it happens! He cleans up and we all go back to lifting. Totally made my day.
OHP'd 125x1. It was a smooth rep too.No clue how I got it up tbh lol. Felt good so tried 37.5 on both sides. Got it up easy. Got a spotter and put on 35+5s. Did a quick prayer to brodin and up it went!10 lbs away from the ever elusive 135
Warming up with some cardio yesterday, jogging along, planning on doing some spurts 1min/ jog slower 4 minutes, spurt 1 minute, and so on. A girl takes the track next to me and starts running, decidedly faster than my track. I dont think much about it, until I get to my spurt time, and I leg it, decidedly faster than her in turn. Before I finish, she then gets off and leave, I dont know why, as I was not keeping track. Run my minute, then slow down again, panting like a madman of course. Keep going, and half a minute before my next spurt, she comes up again and start running. I start spurting again soon after, and again she leaves before I am done. And after she left, I slowed down again, of course.I know (and in this case, really hope) that people dont care much about what other people do during their workout, but I realize that I might have seemed like a complete douche not allowing myself to be outdone by a girl and trying to impress her or something. Not gonna stop me from training or anything, I'll just keep doing my workouts, but I still kind of cringe inside. =/
Noticed some action by one of the bathrooms this a.m. .  A thoroughly fit member who had been working out at high intensity for the last hour or so was animatedly talking with staff outside the bathroom door.  As I wandered by I saw into the single use bathroom and there on the floor at least 50 chunks of porcelain and a flood of water.  Was really curious but stayed away. 
been working 80 hr weeks, went to the gym and just did light weights and running. Like just benching 100 pounds only. The trainers and other people are always trying to give me tips to workout intensely and gain muscle to impress girls (im a skinny guy) and made me really doing things i didnt like or feel good for me. So I feel it was a successful day ! just working out to my own goals.
I saw a guy using blood flow restriction training while benching.  He was using tourniquets affixed above his biceps.  Literally have never heard of or seen this before.Also saw another person benching 225 with legs held straight out from the end of the bench.  Looked pretty sketchy.
Been attending the gym just over two years. After gut issues and a bad job my weight hit a peak of 96kg and dived to 79kg whilst on low fodmap diet. After attending the gym 3 to 5 sessions a week, finishing studies getting a new job getting married and now becoming a proud father, my gym game became inconsistent until last week. Eating healthy back at the gym 3 days a week. Majour lifts all improving (dead 150kg squat 160kg bench 100kg) and managed to keep my weight between 84 to 88kg. Found a new job with a health and gut related focus that pays 25% more and start next month.Cant wait to be the best role model I can for this amazing little human, my clients and anyone watching. Im not the biggest im not the best but i am proud as hell of my achievements and everyone elses. 
I was doing weighted pullups on last night, doing reps with 45. I did 8 pretty easily and was like screw it, I'm going to see if I can get a single rep in with 75lb which would be a little over half my bodyweight. It should be noted that the most I had ever done in the past was 55lb. Well I forgot to stick and extra 5lb on the belt to make it 75, but I did 3 reps with +70lb which I'm really excited about. 
Yesterday I was doing some upright cable rows, on the way back down from the chin the hook clipped on to my shirt and sports bra between my boobs, the weight yanked me forward and I hit my forehead on the pole, ripped a hole in my shirt. 
So today I had my first actual confrontation at the gym. Been going there for about a year now, at the head-nod level with a few regulars but usually keep quiet. I was doing squats and following the SL 5x5 with a 3-minute rest between each set. After set #2 a regular came up to me asking how many more sets I had, I answered 3 more and he seemed to be cool and walked away/went elsewhere. There are 3 squat racks in total, both had been occupied since before I got there.  Two more sets down, I need to get some water because I forgot my Nalgene at home. I head to the fountain before starting my last set only to come back to the aforementioned regular taking all my weights off the bar. I take my headphones off and tell him hold up, I've still got one more set to do, to which he turned around and said no bro, you're fucking done for the day. You've been fucking around on your phone for more than 5 minutes between each set. I explained to him it was at most 3 minutes and that's what my routine calls for, dude keeps chirping and taking off weight from one side. As he goes to the other I just start putting it back on, telling him I'm doing my last set.  He ultimately relented and waited for me to finish my last set. I've seen him do much more weight than me on every lift, so after I finished I walked over to him to ask if he wants any of it left on the bar and to try to smooth things over. He blew me off and said what the fuck ever, just take your shit.  I was shocked by how he tried to intimidate me to back down, and haven't paid attention to see if he's done it to anyone else. But oh well, still moved up to 275 for my working sets and got an intense story. 
Been lifting for a year. Got stuck at 160 bench for a few months...finally hit 175 for 1 rep this week! I'm a girl and 130lbs. I said what the fuck as I pushed it up haha. 
Left work early since the servers were down and I couldn't get any work done. This meant I could get to the gym before the after work rush and it was glorious. Open squat racks as far as the eye could see.Side note: what is the appropriate etiquette for arriving at a rack at the same time as someone else? My default is rock paper scissors to decide who gets to use it. 
If she starts a conversation, sure i'll talk *between sets*. But unless I see her staring/mirin, or she starts. I aint starting iT in case I come over as a creep
there is a guy who works at the gym I go to who is clearly mentally handicapped in some way. im pretty new to the place but he always comes over and talks to me, he seems to be a real nice fellow. the weird thing is I just got a FB friend request from him even though i've never told him my last name. I am wondering if he looked me up in the system, otherwise it wouldve taken a LONG time to find me by searching through names on FB. i wonder if that is an ethical dillema.. an abuse of power.... lol i dont really care though, i accepted
Florida is the only place I've worked out where people regularly work out and walk around playing their music on speaker instead of headphones. Wtf. 
Currently between sets at the squat rack. Squad from my rant Wednesday is holding down the other rack. And by that I mean one of the 5+ is here and she's literally standing doing no exercises holding the rack waiting for the others to arrive. She tried to take mine but I'm not giving it up til my sets are done. Fuck y'all, you constantly knock off my routine. Not today. You should've arrived earlier. Edit: since post was made, they have commandeered the second squat rack and 3 of the 4 smith machines along with at least 2 bars for outside-of-rack work. They are also not workout out at all as I type this and instead goofing off in the area of said racks. 
My gym is currently playing music that sounds like it came straight out of a 70s porno. I'm all for getting rock hard at the gym, but come on, guys.Edit: crushing my 215lb Romanian deadlifts, realized, just in time for my last set, I'm only pulling 205. God damn it.
Not yet a gym story, but will be one day. I promised I wouldn't treat myself to any cool gadgets (e.g. smartwatch) until I squat bodyweight 5x5. Starting SL today and I weigh 162lbs.
I'm seeing more sweat pants to hide chicken legs
I got some liquid grip because I sweat profusely and i get paranoid about losing my grip.  First time using it, I get changed, realize I forgot my water bottle, so I get one from the gym's cooler.  They use the honor system after staffed hours so you just write down your name and what you took.  I get into my workout and my hands feel entirely too sticky.  I look down and they are blue.  I freak out, thinking a pen busted in one of my pockets while I was getting changed.  I rush to my locker and go through all my clothes frantically, as I have to dress up for work and clothes aren't cheap, hoping to minimize the damage.I find one unbusted pen, my clothes are all fine.  I clean my hands and the bar up, but I can't focus on my lifts. I'm puzzled.  I gotta get to the bottom of this phantom ink mystery.   I get to about the middle of my 3rd or 4th set and realize I used their pen to sign for my water.  I head over to the cooler and sure as shit, their pen had blown up.  Mystery solved, I finished my lifts and we all lived happily ever after.
I'm an idiot.I tried for a bench PR today, and on my last set, I kept pushing for more reps because I felt like I could do it (I was doing greyskull lp). I failed and decided to try and rerack the bar, but missed the rack on one side and dropped it. Thankfully I was able to rack it on one side and there was someone else on the other side to get the bar off of me, but I managed to hit my fingers on some part of the rack and tore some skin off. I guess I won't be able to play instruments for a while. :(Lesson learned: always ask for a spot when trying for a PR, especially for the last set. Or just don't be an idiot and try to bench more reps than you know you can without safety pins.
Guy doing burpees in the squat rack... why???
People keep using the bench press bench for box steps. I dont even know where they think this up. The gym has dedicated boxes just for that...
Hit 160kg for 7 reps on my last set of deads, hit 150kg squat for a triple and 115kg bench for 2. Programming working!
This guy in jeans and Jordan's, about 130 soaking wet, is doing curls and shrugs. He's using a revolutionary method of using more of his back than anything else. This guy looks limp, misguided, but determined. Unfortunately, I see this asshole again on the basketball court. He's an asshole because he played basketball almost as bad as he did the hard-to-master set of curls. Dude initially starts off by saying he'll drop $100 on the outcome of the game. Then approaches me and asks me if I'm good... okay. So we begin playing.....This is the worst teammate I've ever had. Ever. The guy demanded the ball, never passed, had HORRIBLE shot selection, made maybe 4 points on 15 shots, turned it over constantly, and didn't run back on defense. So after a while we flat out ignored him even if he was wide open. After trying to dig ourselves out of a -13 point deficit, we still lost in a close game. This asshole luckily couldn't find anyone to bet him. If I see him again I'm bringing all the money in my bank account and challenging him to a 1 on 1. Maybe even a lift-off. Lol. Also, I saw a guy about 170lbs getting spotted on a 30 lb bench the same night. He could barely do it. Strange night....
I just have have a bunch of instagram models at my gym. Really nice private community gym. Hard not to stare sometimes. 
Yesterday a gym attendant stopped me in the middle of a heavy deadlift set to tell me to not slam the weights. She kept going on and on and I couldn't even finish the set at that point because I had lost all focus
Cutting with calories in calories out. Managed to lose six pounds so far, and my dress shirt yesterday was noticeably looser. Woo hoo! 
Today was the first day at the gym pain free after my slight meniscus tear.  So happy to be squatting again.  Only body weight with bands on my thighs, but it finally feels like I'm back on track.  And I haven't lost as much upper body as I thought either, even though I haven't lifted proper in two months.
Deadlifted 315 for 3x3 for the first time the other day, no straps or belt. Got a bunch of highfives from like 5 different people and a ton of compliments. Felt super awesome and just reinforced why I love my gym and its atmosphere!
Tiny ass gym down the street from me. Only ever 3 people in there. Thursday I was the only one there for an hour, so I got to blast my music over the PA and never had to wait for my machines. smalltownlyfe
Took my usual throw away water bottle to the gym. Was doing some hammer curls and really getting into. Set the weights down to get a drink, started my next set. Halfway through, I realized the chick next to me had the same water bottle as me. That one was actually mine, I drank from hers instead. She never touched it again. 
I was approached by a gym newbie this week and asked what exercises I do for lats. Feelsgoodman 
There's two skinny guys at the gym I go to that always have their shit all over the ground, they sit on benches on their phones and talking most of the time, and they fucking love to peacock in the mirror after every set they actually do. These are the types that cut off the sleeves of their shirts to show off their gains and they're always recording each other to post on snap chat. It's so fucking annoying. They're always there for about two hours but actually only do about 20 minutes of any kind of actual working out. And they always bring out their preworkout powders and are always spilling it all over the place. 
My SO keeps trying to encourage me to make friends and the gym because all of my friends couldn't be bothered to go. I'm not one to talk to strangers and being a lady, I go to an all ladies gym which is pretty small. I get approached sometimes by people commenting on tattoos and Monday I was pretty grumpy,  so I went to the gym mid day to chill out and got approached about my arm tattoo. I was trying so hard to be nice but I wasn't in the mood to talk so I looked awkward and rushed off :( I avoided the gym for a few days out if embarrassment 
I was doing cable curls at the end of my workout, gym was pretty empty so I was taking my time (open cable next to me), being quiet, moving very little weight, not making any noise. Generally staying out of people's way. All of a sudden I see a bright flash from my right side so I look over and the guy on the seated row quickly puts his phone away.The fuck? Why do people take random pictures of strangers minding their own business? Fuck off dude, I'm not even doing anything impressive or embarrassing. 
Doing military presses. Tore my rotator cuff in my shoulder. I am so dumb. 
I was at the gym on Tuesday and needed some ten pound weights. I'm looking everywhere for these ten pound weights and can't seem to locate any. Finally I spot a guy on a bench who has 4 ten pound weights on each side of his barbell... seriously..? There is a certain place in hell for these kind of people
Does anyone have any insight into chatting up women/asking someone out at the gym? This has always been a #1 no-no to me, but I was lifting next to someone very attractive today and we got chatting about programs. She was doing some specialized stuff, and, when I expressed interest, told me she'd be happy to give me some pointers. I started to back off because, you know, no flirting at the gym.We exchanged names. When she was leaving she came by and said, nice talking to you Lance! See you next time!Assuming I see her there again (it's not a huge gym), at what point does it become acceptable to flirt? 
I am really late but oh well. A couple of months ago, I was new to the gym and I walked up to do bench press. I accidentally messed up my plates and put on a total of 50kg instead of 30kg. I failed to 1RM that weight. Today I lifted it for 3 sets of 5 and I am so fucking happy because that is clear progress
Went to the gym, had a great workout. Only to find out i locked myself out of my room...
Bored at work thought, I squat because it's good for me, I deadlift because I love it.
Smashed out 220 for 10x4 on deadlifts. Used to be my one rep max. Feels so good.
I've been sick with flu for a couple of weeks and haven't been able to gym. I'm on a pretty volume heavy programme at the moment so I asked my trainer if I should adapt, which she did for me. No super sets, light light weight, no more than ten reps x 3 sets etc. Focus on contracting the muscles properly, form and just getting back into it.Well fuck me if that wasn't one of the toughest workout weeks. It was exhausting,  like, puny puny lifts followed by panting exhaustion.  I'm sure people are wondering what my deal is and if I'm one of those gym chicks who doesn't understand heavy lifting. Even worse, the doms are horrible thanks to taking 2 weeks off. I'm basically just a miserable bitch at the moment.  Fucking gainz eating flu. The only light in the darkness is I'm on a bulk so at least I wasn't starving too.  
Not much of a story, just really happy with my gym. I spent the last year and a half working out at a really tiny gym my work provided. Since I started with SL I thought since that gym had all the equipment I needed why not use that instead of paying. It worked well until I found out that squatting in a Smith machine was bad news. Still I used the gym until this year I moved to a new city that had gym that I had used a few times. First week there I got a week pass to check it out and realized how much I had been missing out on. From dedicated squat racks to so many machines that I had never used. On top of that I didn't realize how much more I would push myself when I was around more people. There were maybe 2-3 other people working out at my old gym and everyone was pretty much a novice. I feel like being around people pushing themselves hard has made me push myself even harder. 
I was about to walk to the only squat rack in the gym to start my workout when a couple bros got there first. They put the foam pad on the bar, so I'm thinking, Oh, they're doing squats. I'll ask to work in after their first set. They then proceded to curl the barbell with no weight for 5 sets. Why the fuck did they put the foam pad on the bar?
I was nicknamed Sonic the Benchhog for this very reason at a previous gym I trained at.
After starting 2suns 531, I guess I'm going to be known for that too. Edit: made up a lesser known program. 
this is funny as hell man!I had the a similar thing at my old gym i guess.. I had a 5 month internship at a company, and one of the guys there recognizedme as the guy, who spent 2 hours squatting and shit almost everyday.
This is why I'm grateful my gym has 3 squat racks.
This is a problem at every gym and I'm not sure if there's a solution.  I rarely do more than one lift at a time that requires a rack, so I fucking despise people that take too long  At the same time I get it, you need to do your routine and who care what other people think.  Life is cruel.
Just this past week I told my buddy that we need to hurry to the squat rack because I saw a regular enter who spends just as much time in the rack as I do.  We finished our warmup instead, though... cause I felt like it was a dick move.
Plot twist: you work there.
>I'm sitting in my truck, having a coffeeGood man
Lmao I've seen freshman do this on holidays at campus.
Wait a second, are you the gym owner enjoying watching them freeze while you sit in your warm truck drinking coffee?
Oh man this gave me a good laugh . I wish you and your wife the best in your gym adventures. 
Your wife sounds awesome. Good job on locking it down
Lovely read.
your wife is a G
10/10 can confirm.
Your wife sounds awesome and you sound awesome too :)
I was talking to this girl at the gym and it was going really well then I went to leave and she threw her water bottle at me what a bitch
some friendships just aren't meant to be
Not gonna lie, he's probably in love with you now. 
That's adorkable. Like, strait up anime style
username checks out ;)
I just did that yesterday! Cringing for us both
Relevant username
I legit never even thought about that girls also chill in this sub.... damn sexist mind 
I rub bubble butter into mine to make it perfect.
Upvoted because of Mr.  Meeseeks.
Check out the starting strength method to squatting. If you've got the book, it tells you how to do it and why you do it that way. Usually if you've got hip flexor pain, your stance width is causing it or you're not shoving your knees out over to track your feet. Try narrowing your stance just a bit, angle your feet out at about 15 degrees and shove your knees out sideways to track your feet as you go down. I was having this same pain on Wednesday but I fixed it after narrowing my stance a bit.
I'm Mr. Meeseeks look at me! Relax and keep your chest up Jerry! 
I had really bad hip impingement in my flexors during squats as well. My problem turned out to be really bad butt wink. I only recognised it after i got someone to film me. I had to completely rework my form, but it was worth it. If you don't mind, here are a few things i consciously think about during my squats:-My grip. I use a false grip to keep the bar very tight against my back. At first it felt awkward and I was worried I would drop the bar. However, this eventually stopped me from unconsciously leaning forward to keep the weight off my wrists. I used this video to fix my grip: https://youtu.be/sg32in77TNA-On the same channel you can find a full mobility routine to loosen up your hips. It's only four movements, but I do them every day with cold muscles. -Feet positioning. I used to do a hip width stance with toes pointed forward. After watching Alan Thrall's video on squats (which I recommend to everyone) I now squat with a slightly wider stance and feet pointed about 30 out. This leaves more ROM for your hips, and opens up the hips. Your hip flexors go up into your abdomen, so having open hips gives your flexors more room to move unimpeded. I also squat in socks only now as it's the most natural base. -Core. I used to just assume my core was engaged if the barbell wasn't tipping over to one side. So not true. Now, before each rep, I fill my gut with air and flex like I'm taking a massive Crossfit. This keeps your back straight and allows you to use your quads and upper body at the bottom of the movement. By making it easier for you to use your upper body and lower body in opposition (you kind of end up pushing with your core against your thighs) this mimics the natural mechanics of standing up a lot better than just moving the barbell up and down with your legs. The squat is a whole body exercise, not just legs. If you don't feel like you've done 100 situps after a heavy squat session, then you're not engaging your core. I can't guarantee this will work for you, only that it worked for me. 
Hey! Look at mee! You gotta relax!
Physiotherapy will help you better. They are much better educted in movement then your personal trainers are.
I used to get the exact same pain. A physio told me to work on my glutes, as they were likely weak and so the pressure was being put on my hip flexors. I did glute isolations for around 3 weeks and it fixed it and I've had no problems since. 
I am like Mr. Meseeks in the gym in the fact that every moment of my existence is pain. 
Do third world squats (aka fob squats) to stretch out them hip flexors. Use your elbows to push your knees out when when all the way down to stretch them even more. Keep your back straight and head up!
If he didn't cancel proper, he's probably not a very thoughtful trainer.  Sounds like you might have gotten better advice from the random people.
Don't be confused thinking they all wanted to help, 80% of them just wanted to tell you how much they know.
Related question: If I wanted pictures to showcase that I lift a lot on my tinder, should it be at the top or the bottom of the rep?
I laughed. Then realized I also bench 135.
Gotta get that /r/fitness credibility
This is a lie. Its February 11th bud. Resolutioners have long past vacated all gyms across the Americas.
Why roll it over your head instead of dropping it behind your back? Doesn't seem safe.
I tell you what happened in four short sequences. >Guy quarter reps it as he has always done his entire life>On a whim, guy decides to go on fittit for the first time in his life between sets>Fittit be like: atg!!! >Guy obeys
I'll never not set safety bars. Don't understand anyone who doesn't. 
What weight was he doing before he added 15kgs each side? 
KG?! Sweet Odin 
Dumb question that I'm sure has been asked before, but when talking about plates, is it per side or in total? So a two plate bench would be 4x25kg+20(bar)=120kg, no?
There's a guy at my gym who does this exact same thing. Loads up bar with ridiculous amounts of weight, stands under it without fully unracking, then walks away for 10 minutes. He actually has Down syndrome though, so nobody ever gets too irritated that he takes up a rack for an hour and a half.
There's a regular at my gym that uses 1 of the 2 racks for up to 3 hours, 5 days a week, no joke.  I've considered posting a sign that reads Bob's* Rack.  At least he's actually using the rack, for a very wide variety of exercises, in between sips of coffee of course.*Name changed to protect the not-so-innocent.
We've got an old guy at our gym who does this.  Loads up the leg press with 8 plates on either side and then just toe curls it.  Spends 10 minutes in between every set and has a shit eating I just accomplished a big thing grin on his face the entire time.  The rest of his work out consist of him stretching his leg on the smith's machine while he sips on his McDonald's frap.A regular actually called him out on it last week.  Told him he wasn't doing anything, proceeded to spend a long time telling this guy what sort of exercises he should be doing.  I thought the old dude was actually responding to him.  Next week comes in and I guess he totally forgot the advice.
I swear that guy goes to my gym now
I just started working out at home with kettlebells for the first time ever and I realized how much of a relief it was to not have to fight over a squat rack or bench Jan-March at the gym.
You probably should've tried just talking to the man haha
Seriously impressive.  Good job!
Nice, meanwhile I can't even squat 225lbs
Oh shit nice work, girl.
Congrats! I recently did a one plate bench as well and it felt awesome! I tried doing a two plate squat on a bad day and needless to say it was shit..
[deleted]
You're my hero.
Legit numbers.  No woman at my gym benches one plate, so you're pretty damn strong.
Make sure to deadlift in the middle of the library to teach those nerds their place. 
That's pretty cool 
Combine the two.Seriously, my current PR for a Rubik's cube squat (squat then solve while in the hole then stand up) is only 65lbs, but I have high hopes.
Ask him to sign a petition for more squat racks
> What's your name?Bob. No your last name. Bob burgers. 
[Ron Swanson would approve](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5XU5iqrhwW0)
Ask for his number and then when you are adding him as a contact, hand him your phone so he can plug in his name himself.EDIT: Yeah, he probably wouldn't know his number. 
Get his phone # Incase you need some diet or exercise advice, ask for his last name. Then just call him that for now on.
It's an exchange of like 3 sentences that is infinitely more awkward in your head than it would be in real life
Do it. You can't get fired. Please for the live of God call them out (politely)
Anyone doing circuits gives me murderous rage.
I have to rescue slips form the smith machine sometimes.  SMH.
In most cases I don't even use clips. There are like 4 working clips in my gym, out of 10. I'm not going to hunt for that, 99% of the time someone has it on their curling bars anyway.
Buy your own clips on amazon ($10-15), carry them with you in the gym.  Best if you get a pair that is obviously different from those owned by the gym.  If someone asks for them, just tell them straight out the ones here are always missing or broken,  these are mine.
couldn't you just tell the staff hey, this clip is faulty, take it out of service ?
Ugh this is my gym also. Have to spend a good five to ten minutes hunting for a working pair of clips so I can squat.
Being 31 and suffered from fuckarounditis for 15 years, this gives me hope. What routine are you following?
age is only a measurement, not a gauge of who you are
Respect bro. You should be proud of yourself too. May the all spotter bless you with bountiful gains. 
At the gym I go to, basically no one ever talks to anyone else. It's almost a little weird, yet fairly typical of the urban, densely populated, northeast culture.
Similar thing happened to me, I was doing my incline bench press warmup sets, and a guy offered to spot me, I told him I was fine.I must have looked like I really struggled during my *warmup sets*...
Just ask her out dummy!
Fuck yeah bro, just be sure to get a nice arm pump every time you go and see her and unnecessarily flex doing random activities that don't require any actual muscle, ladies love that stuff. 
Sublety find out if she has a boyfriend, if not ask her out as soon as possible. All this you miss every shot you don't take bullshit is actually true, I had a crush on a girl for quite some time but didn't ask her out or anything because I thought she was out of my league, we got along really nicely and talked a lot, we are still in contact and she now has a boyfriend. Recently she told me that she was very attracted towards me before and now I just feel bad for missing out the oppertunity of a possibly healthy relationship.
hey its me ur crush from hs
I can imagine you in orange WL Shoes and all black clothing squatting a pair of plates.Be sure to post on that day!!!!
Is it Halloween all the time at your gym?
This is a great idea. And it will save so much side eye when trying to see if the person next to you is squatting 10kg plates or 20kg plates.
What the fuck did I just read... Is this a fresh prince episode or something or am i being bamboozled
They say the mind is a muscle. Well, this gave me muscle confusion.
Lmao what the fuck i got bamboozled
Quality shitpost 
Wtf is this the new tree fiddy?
God damnit, have an upvote. 
lol wut
You have indeed made it.
I had to buy new boxers because my legs were getting too large thus ripping the leg holes and giving me an iny if you catch my drift....
What's your current weight?
Looks like the 4 months off isn't going to hurt you too bad since a month later you hit some good numbers.  I'd really like to know how you can predict your progress so far out, though.
I'm very jealous of this thing you posted.  Way to go.
Great job, man!
That was amazingly kind of you. And I'm so glad you're in remission. 
Aww that's adorable. Yay you.
Blur out your face if you need to, but post the pic!!!Cena is awesome, so I am so jealous of you right now.
Those rows!
Ya they weren't giving you funny looks because of the chains
I never understood this, why not just add more weight?
One day I wish to be as swole as you sir.
Like this? https://www.instagram.com/p/BLU0gSsgDdt/?taken-by=ptfitness500It could have been a bent bar.
Were you using the suicide grip or did you have thumbs under? 
Glad you're okay. My gym also has two types of bars, some older looking brown bars and some silver looking bars. Those silver ones harder to grip, one time on low weight the silver bar almost straight up slipped, but I managed to hold on to it. After that I've never used those bars. 
Always put the thumb around the bar on any pushing exercise. The thumbless grip is called suicide grip for a reason. 
This happened to me two weeks ago at my home gym power rack thank God I had my safeties. Still gave my stomach a good jab but the safeties took most of the blow.The worst part is I had 275 for reps earlier that day and was just warming up that afternoon with 185 for light couple sets and my wrist just went forward and dumped the bar I was like ah wtf hahah. Nooo I was not using suicide grip.
> Come up and see how the old guy is making out........I thought this meant he was kissing someone..
Always good to remember that body =/= power or skill. At my gym there is a group of guys 70+ who come bench twice a week. They may not look it but at least two of them are current national bench record holders for their age/weight  bracket. For me it a great regular lesson in humility and check your ego at the door.
Just feels that way. When your body produces enough blood again, you'll be at the top of your game again. 
I feel you on that, I'm a leukemia survivor and used to get blood transfusions all the time. The difference in energy was unbelievable. Thanks for donating!
Whoever is receiving your blood also received your gains. You're like, the Santa Claus of gains. 
Gains goblins can strike at any moment.
Had this exact scenario a couple of weeks back and I've spent the last 2 weeks using that as motivation to smash it. It's worked out surprisingly well
Me 3. I actually got the rejection call last night on my way to the gym. I had the best anger lift ever. 
Good shit, keep it up
Nah man go for it! There's a cute girl in my gym who I think might like me. Might try to get to know her somehow, but she seems like the shy type.
You got abs in 3 weeks ._.
Nice job man, keep it up!! 
Take after your idol BM and wear a hat at all times? Or just shave it off like a reasonable person. Bald guys are hot!
Eat celery
Break out the comb over?
creatine.... 
Get them forehead gainz!
I started balding at 16 and went bald at 17. I'm a skinny dude and I look like an abomination, but hey what can I do about it. I sucked it up and gained the confidence to walk around with my bald head in grade 11 and 12 and now into my first year at uni.It wasn't bad but I got tired of all the looks so I started to hit the gym to look better bald.One of the biggest confidence boosters for me was buying an underarmor tight fit hat, the cool looking ones. Man it made my appearence go from a -5 to a positive low number now. Try it out. I bring the hat everywhere. Gym, class, work, shopping.Also, don't be afraid to show your bald head. It's normal. It's only big in your head, no one else cares.
Holy shit. I'm so sorry! 
>He's got brand new squat shoes pretty good effort squatsDon't make fun of me
WTF is an Ankle squat?
Hmm, I almost always wear the same shirt for my Pull & Push days (consecutive days), but obviously I thoroughly hand-wash it every time. I hope people aren't looking at me in disgust for it... it's just the only shirt I have left that isn't super tight after this bulk.That said, it's not a business shirt :P.
Dammit, take my upvote.
Ain't the Smith machine legit for shrugs?I mean, as long as you go the full ROM.
60kg is 132lbs, not 176lbs. 80kg is 176 lbs.
Nice one man, keep going
>Norwegian>Chatting with a strangerPick one
Hey, I have those stories too! The YMCA staff doesn't like me much.
Nice! What city maybe I can guess the dad. 
That's pretty normal, but it'll get better. Keep at it!
Big, bodybuilding type regular at the gym I've been going to for 5 + years. He's 6'5, 300+, bleach blonde  and just jacked. Never touches a GD free weight except to shrug 500 or 600 lbs in the squat rack. Finally saw him squat and he was doing ass to ankles w/ 135 lbs. It was strange to watch, because he looks like the least mobile human being alive, slow and lumbering. Never added more weight though, so I assume leg or back injury.
This dude walks in wearing a hoodie and sweats. He has the bane mask on and in full effect. He walks up to the squat rack loads a plate on each side.  He finishes warming up nothing to special. Then he starts loading plates on each side and reps them out with ass to grass form. He now has 5 plates on each fucking side and reps them out all while wearing his goodie sweats and the fucking bane mask. 
WTF is a deadlift rack? Deadlifts happen off the floor.
What type of gym does nude yoga... you know, for a friend?
I don't. Sometimes I want to, But just like me they are there to workout Same as me
Unless it's a gym where it's normal for regulars to chat to each other, you don't. Sorry dude. She probably just wants to work out and be left alone, not get hit on.  
If you absolutely think you have to then don't approach to find a date, approach to become acquainted and let it evolve from there. I wouldn't even ask her out until you know eachother fairly well..My rule is don't approach in the gym and just hope you see them in the real world cuz then you can say hey don't you work out at (wherever) maybe we can get a gym session in sometime? Or you could compliment her progress and say well hey maybe we can go grab some coffee and talk about lifting. You atleast have that common ground.. so far that hasn't worked for me I haven't seen any of my gym crushes outside of the gym, but patience is a virtue and my time will come. 
I am a girl who generally likes to be left alone whilst working out. That being said, if a guy who was my 'gym crush' just asked me something about my workout, I would definitely be up for a conversation / introduction! They would however know pretty quickly if I wasn't interested.... like a new guy helped me adjust the safeties last week even though twice I told him I was fine to do it by myself, and that just irritated me so I didn't even try and make conversation when I might have been open to it before.
The only time I've had success is catching her on her way out of the gym when she was done. Then she didn't mind chatting for a few minutes and it worked its way up to a date after chatting her up a few times.  We've been married almost 9 years now. 
Head nods only sorry.
I don't approach girls. Ever.
If you must: Catch her at the end of her workout but don't follow her to her car to start the conversation. Don't mention her body or the exercises she does. Talk to her like you would talk to anyone else. Ask if she'd like to share a Quest Bar, or whatever normal people do coffee? Movie? Dinner? IDK.
As you're leaving, walk up to her, and say, Hey, I've seen you a few times here, and just wanted to say that you're making good progress. You can see it. If she says 'thank you' and goes back to her workout, she's not interested. If she says more than 'thank you' and has a conversation with you, you've made some leeway. Introduce yourself, get her name, and then make your leave, saying I gotta go, but keep it up and then walk out. Now you know her name and you've made a connection. **Do not** dominate her time, do not ask her out. Your plan is to break the ice with her, and basically say 'hello' before you leave. If you get her name and anything beyond that, great. Take it slow. You have your whole life ahead of you, no need to rush.
Was the fog horn loud?  Were other ships able to steer away from danger?  If you answered yes to both of those youre a life saver and now a legend in your gym.
DILF, lol.
I await my wedding invite
Oh my God me too! I was doing my squats when a dude started curling in the squat rack next to me. After finishing my squats, I walked over to a friend who happened to be there. Told him I've finally seen a dude curl at the squat rack. Looked over when I was telling him to see another dude walk up and start curling at the rack I just finished using. 2 for 1!
The worst part of these types of Instagram videos is that the friends always chime in with how strong they look, and that just encourages more bad form. 
Damn I feel like I should comment on that shit form 
Ehh 1RM attempts can get ugly sometimes. I HOPE her deadlifts don't always look like that bc that hurt to watch. But seeing an average-sized woman deadlift 345 is actually impressive to me anyways. I never see women in my gym lifting anywhere near that heavy. 
Looking forward to the followup.
No, it's halal
I adore everything about this. 
How are you timing your meals? Last meal at 8pm, first one again at 1?
You fucked up, man.  You don't argue with idiots.
TIFU by shitting on my fianc's arm when going ham at squats.
My younger brother boxed in college. He was decent and his senior year, he got second at nationals. I was home for Christmas and we went to the gym to workout and did a bag workout and my mother asked did you guys spar in the ring?  He has 4 inches 40 lbs on me. That day, I learned I was not my mom's favorite. Boxing takes a lot of technique too. An experienced boxer will beat down size and strength with little effort. Get you some girl. 
thats alot of weights compare to yours. much respect 
Twisted funny on my second to last squat of the day. It's been sore for a week and all I wanna do is workout.Glass back strikes again.
Embrace the Upper/Lower splits!
A few days rest from the gym and a day or two of binge eating whatever-the-hell-I-want. Usually works fine for me.
Its really hard on adjacent rowers not to get into some sort of rhythm and its totally weird for both people involved every time.I still cringe too.
And that is why you don't eat Thai-food just before gym.
He probably asked his gym crush out on a date and got shut down.
Today I learned that even at a women's only gym, women still hate being talked to while at the gym.
So it doesn't smack their balls at the bottom?
Microloading
The thing could fall and squish their toes?
Omg that's gold, what a name.
Why you didn't use it as your reddit handle is beyond me.
Too slow... DYEL bro?? 
At one of my gyms, I used to come in at 11 pm every Monday and Friday night to do bench. I always used the same bench and same bar every time. Normally, it was empty, but there were two occasions when I came in, and someone cleared off the bench and the weights to let me workout. Both times, I insisted he finish, but he said No, this is when you workout. I was a combination of honored at the sign of respect/amused with myself that I'd become such a creature of habit. 
321, the less known variant of 531.
> 321Countdown to gains
Yeah mine has 6 but use them for OHP, DL, or BP's only
That took a dark turn
Might explain why I haven't seen him since :(
There are dozens of us! Dozens!
I mostly lurk but post every now and again ;)
Is he upvoting the comment?    Oooh, he's tryin!
lol same, I just started watching this show and I loved that episode.
This, but not necessarily just narrower. Hip structure varies greatly between people, for a *really* good video on individual hip structure and squat stance, check out the jtsstrength video covering this.
> I fill my gut with air and flex like I'm taking a massive Crossfiti laughed pretty hard at this.
More importantly make sure to use a deadlift bar so the bending makes it look even heavier.
I find that most guys' arms look unflattering during a bench press, like really small compared to other times, so I wouldn't recommend a bench press pic. Apart from what the others have said, I'd opt for a dumbbell OHP at the bottom of the rep, which is essentially a double front biceps pose.
The only lift that makes any sense is deadlifts. You can't get a pic at the top without having to lift it first (except when people put weight on it at the top). For bench and squat you could either just unrack it or have failed at the bottom or taking a pic while descending. 
Just the racked weights, you can pretend to lift much more then
Tricep kickbacks :p
A quarter repper has probably never been that deep before, and just panic.
Most people tend to fold over when they fail a squat that quickly, core and back give out so you tip forward as you lose all control.  Hard to drop it back when you're falling forwards. Dropping it behind you is easier if it's a grindy rep you're going to fail rather than catastrophic failure.  Or Olympic style high bar is normally easy to drop backwards regardless.
*Brodin
A plate is 20kg, so 2 plates is 100Otherwise you're right(Also a push press is not the same as a bench press, if that's what you're getting at)
You mean nobody expresses their irritation. 
I don't understand... Does he try once, realize he can't do it, and think to himself that was a good workout, let's do it again.??
Thanks. It's taken lots of hard work and dedication. 
Thanks!I think there's only one other woman at my gym lifting that much. It's always exciting to find other female lifters.
Haha that gave me a good laugh..thx
HEY! This is ribrary. 
Lol this shit is so transparent, I don't know why people recommend it. 
Yo, I'm still using this. *proceeds to strip the weights off the bar~~Fuck you~~. I've been here for 15 minutes.Actual conversation I've had while the other 2 squat racks were free.
I saw that once.  There were only a set of 10 lbs plates on it...
I've come to not use clips 9/10 times. I was taught to use them for safety, but honestly I think for a lot of things it is safer to not use them (bench, squat, etc. )
Well the clips are usually all on the racks so it's not often an issue.  People are shite at reracking weights, but they seem to have pretty good clip etiquette.  This was one of the only times I've had to go looking for clips.Maybe nobody uses the clips, besides me and seated calf raise man.
I started with 5/3/1, did that for about a year until I started to plateau. I did get good results off it, lifts went from about 275/300/350 to 325/425/450. I tried a mix of 5/3/1 and Smolov Jr after that for bench twice and squat once. Lifts went to 345/445/470. Just recently finished a run of Coan-Phillipi for dead with GZCL for squat/bench. Wasn't a huge fan of the GZCL format though. But lifts ended up at 370/450/500. I'm about to try Candito's 6 week, but I find the lack of deadlifting disappointing so I've modified Candito to fit with a run of Mag-Ort for deadlift. MO is similar to the CP I just ran which I loved, so I think it'll work out.I know I've been really bouncing around lately as far as programming goes, but I'm just trying to find what I enjoy and what's feasibly sustainable.
Hey thanks dude I really appreciate that. Keep on being awesome, and may you also be blessed with the most bountiful gains.
>a little weirdNah that's New England etiquette.
That's not a bad thing at all, used to live in the north eastern part of the US and now down south. Holy shit people who have never met you will try to tell you their life story, I miss the crowds of people blatantly ignoring each other 
>fairly typical of the urban, densely populated, northeast culture.Can confirm, just moved to the midwest from New Jersey, and it weirds me out how much friendlier people are here. I come from a place where even making direct eye contact with a stranger for a half second is too personal.
I get the most comments on my warm-ups because I do weird not quite the movement stuff. Like good mornings, light quarter/half squats, light bottom quarter squats, bench where I move the bar horizontally, etc. All stuff designed to get me feeling the muscles and find tight points that need the most loosening that day. To other people, just looks like I have no idea what the hell I'm doing. 
Judging by your username you're a girl?That's why.
D O  I T
Point to random things to start conversation while flexing.
I know she has no boyfriend, but im lacking in the balls apartment. Really bad at dates and asking people out, my social anxiety kicks in pretty quick there and makes me awkward :/
Oh god... Thanks for making me wide awake and read through your full history to make sure it was not :/
Damn it! Bamboozled again! 
175 I believe. I was a vegetarian for 21 years (since I was born) and I just started eating meat about once a week a year ago. Meat definitely helps. 
I'm about to start my business (international trade) so I'll be traveling quite frequently. I won't have a home base to consistently go to the gym. I never predicted anything... 
Me too. Me too. After one goes through treatment, one starts noticing survivors everywhere.
https://www.instagram.com/p/BQWlMTsho2W/?taken-by=carlton_rivI think my insta is already on a comment of mine somewhere. But here you are!
That's some 80's aerobics outfit.
Lol 
It's like Richard Simmons and Patton Oswalt had a baby. ^^^^sry ^^^^OP
Those socks doe
Because the higher up the bar gets the more chains come off the floor so the heavier it weighs. It overloads your lockout. Bottom weight was 200kg and top weight was about 212kg 
It allows you to train with more weight at the top of the pull. So if you're weak off the floor train w chains to get that heavier weight at the top. The higher the bar goes the less amount of chains dragging on the floor therefore more weight being lifted as you progress in the movement. Same goes for bands.
It gets heavier as you go higher...variable loading, so loads the lockout more.
As the chain links get to the ground the weight you're lifting decreases. It's the same purpose as a rubber band.
Holy crap exactly like this but 6 times less weight. Watching that made me cringe-flashback. Hope he is ok. Bar was not bent but had a wierd texture to it.
It was a regular grip, not suicide grip. I was questioning that too with my wife. How the heck did it fall.This bench presses' bar felt wierd too, kinda spiky, so i adjusted the grip slightly WITH thumbs and i think my hands may have gotten slippery and it just slipped out.
Yup, i think that maybe the same one i used. It was silver, strange texture and looked super new. The other benches had a more older and sand paperish grip feel to them which i am more used to
Cheers mate, needed a bit of reassurance! 
I didn't stray too far away from having them, and since I've stopped dabbing 5 times a day I am miraculously much less hungry
>Bald guys are hot! [Totally](http://weknowmemes.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/07/bald-guys-are-hot-comic.jpg) 
Nope I say go full on mullet, nothing says this dude likes to party like a mullet. Bonus points if he's black cuz I've never seen a black dude with a mullet
Ordered myself some that evening. It'll be me in a few days. :-)
Not as deep as a quarter squat with raised heels on a flat surface. I found doubt it has an actual name.
Is it bad I've worn the same pair of pants in the gym for 2 months straight?I recently sniffed it but I can't smell anything. Might be I just got used to the stank?
Yes but since when do you 1RM shrugs
well, in my defense i came up to me 
Maybe deadlift platform?
Rack pulls maybe?
But imagine if a girl was talking to you during your workout. Would you mind? I'd definitely appreciate it. Then again all the girls in my gym are super hot, and the guys fill out the entire range.
I totally agree- treat me like a normal person, I'll engage. Condescend to me, interrupt my workout, or, honestly, lift less than me and I'll nope you right out of my world.
You're still waiting? I already have mine. 
I have a ton more context in my post history, I was a kiss less virgin so I was hella awkward first time with her lmao. I bluffed pretty well and just said I've never fucked without alcohol (technically true) hahaha.
No, I usually eat first thing in the morning 6:30am (but I can't seem to finish all my food until 8!), and will go the rest of the day without eating. Sometimes, if I really need it, a protein shake around 5pm before working out, then finally a small dinner at 7pm or 8 depending. I know the guy who told me about it did it how you described, but I found this way easier for me to build up to a longer fasting period. The longest so far for me has been 12 hours and I eventually want to hit that 16 mark.
Ha
I'm really pressed for time, so I do nsuns 1.510.5. 
Nah, 420.
You've just got to make it your thing now and throw your bottle at everybody.
Taking over your squat rack, taking over your sub. 
We do exist! 
Yeah it depends on your anthropometry. I'm just saying narrowing my stance helped me personally. The OP could benefit from either narrowing or widening his stance in addition to playing around with the toe angle.
Deadlift bar? 
This is also an extremely alpha position. This is the position you stand in when you see a bear and tell that fuzzy bitch to square the fuck up.
What if I do a super cheaty block pull and have my mates kick away the blocks and then take a pic?
Perfect. 3 plate bench here I come!
No no no. Band external rotations. The manliest excercise known to, you know, man... 
Cool, thanks!
Like why would you need their last name? Lol a better way to do it would be to ask them to put their contact in your phone, but then you would need an excuse to get their number.  Or you could just ask them their first name like a normal person idk
Can't have those flying off, that could kill someone 
I've seen someone tell another person to be carful loading 60kg on one side to the smith machine without doing the otherside.. 
I don't see how it would be safer to squat without clips. When doing bench alone it's easier bail out without clips, but in a squat it's difficult to notice if the weights shift - and having a plate suddenly drop off mid-squat is extremely dangerous.
yeah sure but I just meant if the clips aren't functional they don't need to be out in the gym
I don't know about you, but deadlifting after squats 5 out of 6 weeks in Candito's program is enough for me, haha.
And I wouldn't have it any other way. At the gym at least
New England etiquette is tough for some of us. I went to college on the east coast. Before leaving for my freshman year I had never been east of the Mississippi river.  I was like a lost puppy wandering around wondering why nobody would look me in the eye and smile back or return my howdy (I moved there from south Texas). 
Same here in old England, glad you guys are sticking to tradition
> Proceed to an hour long conversation.That means you can't be that autistic, people that are really bad at social interaction can't hold conversations just do something to ensure you ask her out, this short jump out of your comfort zone could lead to something really nice.
Not necessarily. I've been a vegetarian for over 7 years myself and I'm sitting at 195lbs at 5'9.
a year and a half ago  2 years later
Oh hey look, /u/Renyu aka [4x-bodyweight deadlift guy](https://www.reddit.com/r/Fitness/comments/5rxy00/got_that_4x_bodyweight_deadlift_720lb3266kg_at/) [trains at your gym as well](https://www.instagram.com/p/BQWpM9TAtFa/?taken-at=286010037).
Two things:1. I'm jealous of your leg definition.2. His vascularity is ridiculous. Thanks for posting, you da real MVP!!
The star wars socks give me power
Does the fit give you extra strength
Doesn't this basically ensure that your lockout is always going to be strong get than the initial pull? You're basically training it to be like that.
He recovered well fortunately. It could also be a case of shakey wrists, especially plausible with the weird bar texture you describe. If you drop your wrists forward, your thumbs will likely not be able to support the weight.
It takes a month or more to replenish all the red blood cells you lost. Don't worry about it and feel good you did a good deed. http://m.redcrossblood.org/donating-blood/donation-faqs
I'm addition to the good deed you did. It's good to give blood because your module recycles your old blood and replenishes it with new blood. It's pretty cool 
To be fair, those patches on the side of his head make him look awful. 
Can confirm. I shaved my head after noticing a receeding hairline at 21. I was asked to be a groomsman at a friend's wedding. The bride was not happy when they got the pictures back and realized that roughly 75% of the pictures were of me. 
If you wash it it's fine i guess, but if you haven't washed it then that's disgusting
True, might not be a deadlift, but \#traplordgoals
Meta
Fully commit OP or your whole world will come crashing down, and also we're all counting on you.
hide yo barbells, hide yo plates, they takin' everything up in here
Hide yo spotters!
This is the right answer. OP needs to change up toe angle and leg width. There's no one approach that fits all and it took me a long time to figure this out and squat comfortably. 
Slightly thinner and significantly more bendy than regular barbells. More bend means it takes longer for the weight to fully get off the floor, meaning you can lift a bit more.
This guy is going places
You could just get very green blocks and lift the bar high enough for it to bend and photoshop out the blocks.
Fuck that, dream big. 5 plate bench all day.
Verily!
There are 25kg/55lb plates, but when someone talks about a plate, they're talking about 20kg/45lb plates.
I am so scared to lift without clips. I am terrified to have 1 of the plates slide off mid lift, causing all kinds of risks. :/ When you are doing bench or OHP the bar could fall right on you and during deadlifts or squats you might snap something because of the surprise/imbalance. I am such a whimp :( .
Exactly. I'm insulted when people do try to talk to me at the gym. 
Well I hope you didn't become as dead and cold as us and our weather! 
Reminds me of the poor Americans we had in my dorm at my uni in Germany. He was always smiling abd didn't understand why people looked at him as if he were an idiot and then we told him that this is literally what they are thinking. I think it broke his heart.
I can hold an friendly conversation quite okey, but once i get a compliment or try to give one i end up stuttering, nervous and  sweaty. Started working out like 4 months ago if i met anyone i knew before that i probably would have ran the other direction if i had the opportunity to.
When I was traveling, I ate as much meat as I could. And before, I used to stall at Squats, but ever since I've been back (2 months), my lifts went up considerably. The other thing is that I'm north west Indian, so my life diet consisted of flour, potatoes, and oil. Barely any proteins. Protein makes a huge difference but I never knew how much. But different strokes for different folks, yea? 
Lol I was writing that when I was working out sorry . I was just trying to round it up instead of saying that a year and half ago. I was in between sets. 
Is that him in the background on the left in sneakykeesh's pic?
With my limited knowledge of the west side method, the point of training with chains, bands, reverse bands, different bars, different stances, is to train different parts of the lift where you're weaknesses are in the straight weight lift.Chains will put focus on training the lockout of the deadlift, bench and squat because the weight increases as you ascend in the lift. This will inevitably transfer to your straight weight max.Once again, this is just my interpretation. 
I think it's the latter
Definitely taking all the plates. None of this 2.5 business. 
I hate to say this isn't a joke at my gym. This lady takes the whole fucking cable majigger because it's next to a mirror, and curls with it. Dumbbells!!! Dumbbells I tell ya. She claims the cables and drags over the dumbbells to do it. That cable has the only pullup variation that I always use....Why must I suffer. I'm sorry I know most girls arnt like that but your comment got me going.
shit son you better hide yo gym 
How about a [Tsunami bar](https://youtu.be/PFBcOrZe6IE)? 
That's honestly genius in terms of design.Also the bar is probably lighter than 45lbs so you can even add more weight to the ends Edit: not sure why downvoted.  Edit2: So for anyone wondering, most barbells, regardless if they are deadlift, squat, etc. are usually 45lbs (although there are many variations)What differentiates these bars, is the thickness, length, quality of steel, and grips. Squat bars have a center grip for your back. Deadlift bars are either thinner, or longer, to give more bend (rebind?) - not sure. Quality of steel simply indicates the quality of the bar, and a higher quality bar will have less bend/better steel. (I think)
I feel like if you have that much imbalance to have a plate fall off you shouldn't be lifting that weight to begin with. 
Why am I you. Fuck. 
No worries. I was just bustin' your balls. Good luck on the new job.
Haha yup, I'm the left Asian not the right Asian 
If you're gonna use chains to train the tip part of your deadlift, why not just do rack pulls? That way you aren't fatigued by lifting from the bottom part first and you don't need to buy extra chains.
Yep, haven't washed it once.
Well that was ridiculous.
shoo shoo gains goblin
It's the shake weight of the barbell world! 
Wut did I just watch. 
I love this.  Just bouncing around the gym. LOL
What the actual fuck is someone doing trying to squat jump with weight on their back holy shit o_o
True I guess, I am not saying it would happen to me. It's just an irrational fear I have because of the potential disastrous consequences.  However  I do have to note that plates shifting is not that unrealistic, especially doing a few reps with a relative high weight, and can still throw you off big time.  Besides I'd say that a plate falling off is also more likely to happen when attempting a new 1 RM. But that's a different situation all together.
That is absolutely disgusting
D R I N K  W A T E R 
I wish I knew that the first week you will lose water weight and as a result glycogen and look smaller- this is not losing any muscle. Muscle loss on a cut is really far out unless you are old, not working out, not eating enough protein, not sleeping or like 7% bf (and these things need to happen over weeks maybe months)keep training and grind through some people like to cut down on intensity or volume but dont cut down frequency
Don't stress if your weight has stagnated for a week and don't be in a rush to drop your calories (fat-loss is a marathon not a sprint), the weight will likely flush soon. I often lose a pound or so at a time then my weight stays more or less the same for a week.
Pickles are godsent
It's not a race!I'm was only trying to cut like 10 pounds. I figured a 1250 deficit would get me there in a monthI could stand the hunger; it was the other things that affected me. Having to eat bland food, having no energy (I sacrificed carbs for proteins to maintain mass), being irritable, moody, demotivated. Bringing up the calories might make the process slower, but life is more enjoyable. Hell I can be full and still fit room for a small dessert while still maintaining a 750 deficit if i plan well. It's not a race; you'll get there soon enough
Honestly that when you come off your diet that's when your will is really tested because you're pretty likely to go on a binge fest.
Don't waste your time trying to eat clean instead of counting calories. Calories first, calories last, calories are everything in weight loss. Yes, a 200 calorie candy bar won't make you feel as full as 200 calorie soup and salad, but you can lose weight on candy and junk-you'll just feel like crap. Myfitnesspal is key (or another calorie counting app, or a book and notepad if you're old school). I'd take a few weeks to work out my TDEE when you're done bulking, just track your calories and weight and see how much you need to eat to maintain. Then, eat 500-750 calories less than that number-eg, you figure out that you maintain your weight at 2700 calories a day, so to cut you'll eat 1950-2200 calories a day. You know to eat protein, fiber, etc. Use Happy Scale (iOS) or Libra (android) to track your weight. These apps smooth your fluctuations and create a moving trend line and give you a prediction for how much weight you'll lose in x period of time. Especially important if you weight daily. Take measurements-chest, waist, hips, thighs, calves, biceps, forearms, neck, wherever you think you'll want to know. Take them every week or two. Some weeks your waist won't move but your thighs will. Some weeks your biceps will grow and your hips will think. Bodies aren kinda weird. Take photos, try to do so in the same mirror and lighting. It's really nice to look back at old photos and be able to spot the difference. 
* Ephedrine tastes like victory* Trader joes sells big bags of chopped kale that are cheap and decent* In the weight room: intensity/weight stays the same, reps stay the same, set count is cut to 1/2 or 1/3 of normal.  full body 2x/week* If you carb restrict you'll drop water and look stringy and weak, but it comes right back* Strength loss in the gym is how you know you've lost LBM.  If the strength is there, you're ok.
Running 16:8 intermittent fasting (basically not having breakfast) gives you so much more freedom over the meals that you do eat.
Black coffee, kale and spinach, apples, chicken breasts.
That it's the deepest. 
Reevaluate food I eat. I was counting more fats from the tuna even though I drained it, fried chicken breast has more saturated fat than I thought. The rice I've been buying had more carbohydrates than usual. Coffee from a machine has like 50kcal, but if you have up to 3 a day with added milk, it's easily 150-200.Lower accessory work. It's tough on a bulk, let alone on a cut.Lower calories in a more controlled manner, not at once. That's a sure way to eat more than you intended to eat.Watch out for fiber intake.
1. Perfection is the enemy of the good. If hitting your macros one day is going to stress you out (e.g. dinner with friends), just focus on hitting your calories.  2. Don't get caught up on a perfect carb/fat ratio. Find your calorie and protein target and go from there. 3. Don't immediately attribute a bad workout to your cut. It's more likely that you're just having a random off day. 
Mental strength. My body has no choice but to lose fat, if im in deficit. Its really that easy - every calorie I turn down, such as soda, candy, fast food, is actual yellow body fat I lose by saying no. These thoughts, I program myself with. Simple assertions 
that I should keep my protein high and its mostly about calories balance. I sticked to weird IF style low carb with only carbs(rice) as postworkout and it was just bad. also my food choices were really limited
Keeping my fats above 50gram or I feel pretty bad on a 1k deficit @180cm75kg
First time posting here but I have some personal advice from cutting. Its possible to cut at 1k and not lose much if any amount of muscle. As you get lower and lower in body fat percentage, protein intake needs to be at a minimum 150g for guys. I have been cutting for a over a month recently but starting this week I have been doing a 1k deficit which puts me at about 1500 calories. I manage to fit in at least 150g of protein and 50g of fats and the rest carbs. If you care about your performance in the gym IMO don't cut out carbs. Everything starts to feel heavy. Also, extremely important is to still lift heavy! You need to give your muscles a reason to stay instead of atrophying. Only way I've seen for now is by still pushing my old numbers but with less volume. There's a lot more but I'm on a phone rip
I'm cutting right now. Can I expect some slight gains in strength, particularly in compound exercises?
If you are counting calories/macros, weigh everything. You will be surprised how bad you are at estimating how much you really eat.
Fat is good and necessary. Make protein and fat the priority, screw carbs. My lack of fat on my first cut me me always tired and moody with absolutely no sex drive. Fat is good.
Cutting after 4 months of working out? No purpose OP. Theres a really good chance that's the hard truth. 
For me, I see good progress early and then getting to shredded status takes much longer than you expect. 
Make sure you have a solid base of muscle before you start. Otherwise it just isn't worth it.
That you can over eat and undereat and its no big deal.  I do very slow cuts at 2000 calories and i forget that its not like my calories reset every day, they are more like a rolling average.  It's okay to eat 1500 one day, and 2500 the next.
My form in literally every single lift was wrong. It never gets more apparent than when you cut. So, how do you know where to correct(assuming you lift alone like me that is)? Look at what is imbalanced and make it your mission to correct it early before you have bad habits for a year or 5
Nothing tastes better than being lean
Two words: Carb Cycling
I was surprised by the degree by which my strength dwindled.It was pretty negligible and, pound for pound, I became more powerful. Don't worry OP, so long as you're taking it slowly and continue training you'll be peachy keen.
If you're going to have a stressful week at work, youre likely to be more irritable.
Big big one for me, absolutely fucking go to the gym and eat enough protein to have energy or otherwise you will feel like shit. I felt so out of energy and unmotivated that I skipped gym days and definitely lost a good bit of muscle cause of that.
Protein fluff is excellent if you've got a sweet tooth.
well I wish I knew how much it would hurt
Don't mean to hijack this thread, but when transitioning to a cut, should you drop calories gradually (like reverse dieting when going from cut to bulk)? It seems like a good idea, but I wanted to check whether others agree.
Some people are good at cutting, easy to be in a deficit. Im one of those people. It's only a good thing if you're smart. I didn't eat nearly enough. I lost muscle. I was sad.
Mindful eating. Learning to really slow down and experience each bite fully. Smaller amounts of food become more satisfying, junk food becomes less appealing. There's a great book by that title that explains it in detail. 
Aim to eat high volume foods, berries, steamed bag of veggies, spring mix etc. Prioritize water intake. Take 0.82 - 1 g per lb of bw for protein. Check out layne nortons youtube videos, eric helms, menno henselman, lyle mcdonald, alan aragon. Also something that has been helping me is the site avatarnutrition (not affiliated). 
EC Stack will make most cuts a piece of cake.The ephedrine will basically stop you feeling hungry.Cut 4 month straight last spring and lost abt 20 lbs (from 174-154 lbs) and ended up at abt 10-12% body fat while taking 60 mg Ephedrine and 600 mg caffeine a day.Currently cutting at 1500 calories a day and down from 174 lbs to 164 lbs since Jan 1st (Male, 32, 511).
I lost weight faster on a smaller deficit than on a larger one because I was able to mentally sustain being on the smaller deficit more consistently than the large deficit. Slow and steady wins the race. 
Dont cut too many calories at once 
At 185 pounds would 87 grams of fat be sufficient for me?  Going for 196 grams of protein, and 262 grams of carbohydrates.  
Don't cut. You don't have enough muscle mass to make a cut worth it, unless you're *fat*. Assuming you are a normal weight, bulk for as long as you possibly can. You think cutting will make you look ripped and bring out your muscles? You have no muscles, you're going to look skinny and basically start back from square one.This applies to both young me and you, OP.
Cutting is for pussies. 
Hail hydrate!
Danny?
Besides the obvious of staying hydrated and the common knowledge of drinking water while workingout, how does this help people get cut? I thought if you're going for a more cut/shredded look you have to minimize (obviously not by a ton) water intake? 
In my experience reducing intensity is a sure way to lose strength and LBM.  Volume is fair game and frequency can often be decreased as well.
>look smaller.  But do you look more muscular or the opposite?
Yeah I feel this is god or someone testing you, if you're afraid to get small and go on a cut you immediately get smaller depleting these storages, if you're afraid to get fat and go on a bulk your scale will go up immediately due to shit, water and full muscle storages
The whoosh effect 
Same here, I call it friction. I'll be the same weight for four days and then the next day I'll be three pounds lighter. 
Glad to know that this is a thing other people deal with!
Something about being on low carbs for a couple days gives me this incredible ability to eat entire jars of dill pickles in one go.  Can barely finish one pickle otherwise.
Tell me more specifics
If you bulk long enough and build up your volume you end up with a ridiculous tdee. Mine is currently 3200-3400 at 5'9 and its pretty comfortable to cut in 2600 
I've sacrificed carbs for protein, too, and am thinking of rebalancing a bit for more energy.Is there any additional benefit to eating more than 1.2g/lb LBM? After that point, is it better to fill the rest of your cals with carbs for energy? While staying in the fat range, of course.
Man oh man did I live that lesson. Went from 320 to 200, I was sick to death of dieting and decided to take a break. As soon as I got a taste of some junk food, I could not stop eating and went from 200 to 230 in 3 weeks. Now I'm back down to 200 (cutting more slowly this time), and once I stop dieting I'll be extra careful to *slowly* re-introduce calories and simple carbs.
The best thing you can do for yourself after a cut is eat at maintenance for a few weeks or a month. You'll replenish your glycogen stores, regain any lost strength, and fill back out, all without becoming a fat bloated piece of shit if you hop straight into a bulk. 
>Libra (android)Whoa, thank you for this. As an engineering student on a cut, *that* I can make sense of. I had considered tracking my weight with an excel chart, but this is even better and far less hassle. Up to now I was just writing my weight down on a piece of paper (I know right) and comparing the weekly averages.
By strength you literally mean the weight on the bar right? If I can deadlift the same weight I did before my cut, but for one or two less reps, I've kept my strength?
By sets cut to 1/2 or 1/3 of normal do you mean the amount of sets or the reps per set? Also why is it beneficial in either case to reduce the volume of your workout like that on a cut?
Intermittent fasting is the best trick to lose weight.
It's pretty easy to avoid eating breakfast too if you drink plenty of water before lunch.
I get the other stuff, but why black coffee?  Is there something special about it, or just opposed to loading it up with cream and sugar?
Touche
Why fiber? 
This is a good perspective. Thank you for sharing!
i cut down with a 1k deficit for 2 weeks until i started to have the need to binge. and after my cut i put on 10kg in the next 5 months, cuz i felt like rewarding myself and always hungry.how the fuck do cut in a healthy way on that high of a deficit?i am doing it slow and controlled this time, only 300cal deficit... feel great and it feels sustainable
What would you say for women? 
I can never manage to eat over ~100g of protein a day. How do you manage it? I eat 2 large eggs a day, 2 servings of my whey, and 1 grilled chicken breast with my salad and this adds up to around 100g of protein. I am currently 74kg/163lb at 180cm/5'11 and I have been cutting at around a 1k deficit for a month now. I want to get down to around 12-15% from around 18% is my guess. I think 12-15% body fat would be somewhere around 68kg so I am guessing it is going to take me 2 more months of cutting at 1k. 
Being on a cut doesn't mean you can't gain strength! Its just much harder then being on a bulk but possible. The thing that will hold your strength gains back on a cut is yourself I think. Just keep pushing as hard as you can and you will make gains just at a much slower rate :)
You can gain strength, you should be aiming to.  You should most definitely 100% be aiming to gain relative strength
Yeah. Bench will usually drop. I think deadlifts can increase. Weighted pullups too
I don't know. Pretty much the only time you can make substantial strength games while cutting is when you first start.There's a lot to be said for cutting first if you've got a decent amount of fat to lose.A lot of people think you build muscle quicker when you're lower body fat and as you build pretty much no muscle when you first start (it's all just technique/neural adaptations) you can cut down while you're not wasting any time you could be building muscle and you'll still massively gain strength.
Recipe?
Entirely up to you. Some people need to do it in order to smoothen the transition and make it easier whereas others dont find it necessary. Figure out what works for you.  
 I've gained like 20 lbs of lean muscle mass over the course of 4+ months. My lifts have gone up drastically and I look pretty good (i took progress pics every month). I want to get down to 12% BF for summer and then go on a long bulk (30-40 lbs).
I spat out my drink
Alex?
Keeps you full, at least temporarily, so you don't eat more - helps control your appetite.
Minimizing water intake is only good if you're trying to be in a certain weight class or something. Otherwise it's just unhealthy and dangerous
Minimizing your water intake is less healthy.  If you want to sacrifice your health for appearance in the short term, sure.  But you're going to get the water weight back the moment you end the cut and go back to normal water levels... unless you're advising to be dehydrated constantly?
Water depletion isn't required at all for getting shredded, Layne Norton has his clients drinking over a gallon a day right up until show day. The key to not have much water retention is a lot but consistent amount of water, as well as consistent sodium intake
That's the week or two leading up to a show for a regular poerson there is 0% need to dehydrate yourself.I think a lot of people will find they aren't hungry, but they are dehydrated. So next time you're hungry, have a big glass of water. Wait 10 minutes and see if you really were hungry. 
I personally don't cut down anything and up the volume. Works for me. Honestly anything lost during a cut is regained fairly quickly regardless so it shouldn't matter too much in the long run. 
So push yourself as hard as you can but if you can only do 6 reps instead of 8 then that's fair game?
That is the mistake I made. I'm doing my cut right now and after about 5-6 weeks, all I feel like I managed to do was getting a little more defined by overall just get smaller and weaker. 
you look more muscular very quickly, in 4-6 weeks I looked a lot bigger despite cutting 
Friction, also known as taking a big dump.
Plants crave electrolytes and so do you on a low carb diet.
http://i.imgur.com/e4CLDNS.png
Essentially zero calories, tasty, somewhat filling. Be ready for some bad breath though.
Holy shit dude I'm 5'9 on a bulk eating like 2700-2900 calories. How much do you weigh?
I only eat 1g/lb of lbm while on a cut. Fat i don't care about but I try to get in a decent amount of carbs. 
Man... I have blown up after doing shows. It never gets easier IMO, (as far as hormones and hunger go etc) you just learn to abate the damage.I did learn a couple things I hope will help me/othersAfter ending diet, ramp up calories, but keep sticking to diet foods for at least 2 to 3 wks. Once you reintroduce palatable foods (junk esp) it just cascades down to a free for all :(
Definitely. The struggle in the mind to cope with the ravenous hunger in my case. Been getting better though!
If you have some spare cash get a WiFi scale. I've got a year's worth of weight history automatically. It was totally worth the money.
I love that app, for some reason it makes me feel so much better than MFP or Fitbit does. I've also done the excel spreadsheet thing, and this is far superior. 
No, same reps.  If you used to have a 5rm of 315 and now you have a 3rm of 315, you've lost strength.
So you can recover. Odds are you won't be making any muscle gains at a deficit, and to maintain muscle requires a lot less work than to build it. 
Sets (edited to clarify, thanks).  The reps and weight must be kept the same in this method.It's beneficial because it is sufficient to maintain strength and LBM, but is less taxing on your recovery capacity, joints, CNS, schedule, etc.  All of those are good things while cutting as you can cut longer without getting trashed and have more time for low to moderate intensity endurance training.This method is not appropriate in all cases.  For example, chubby beginners can cut fine on a standard beginner's 5x5 or similar program (and will gain while doing so) if the deficit is reasonable (e.g. 500-750cal).
And to maintain it,  after
Stimulants make you less hungry too.
Just opposed to loading it up with cream and sugar.  Black is near 0 calories, caffeine = motivation and calories burned.  
its maybe 10 calories for a cup of black coffee. add cream and sugar and you're looking at 200-400 calories. 
Because you don't want digestion and constipation problems. Also it gives you a satiated feeling. Hit at least 25g up to 40g.
There is no anecdotal value, just eat 1g/lbs of BW while cutting to be safe.
I have no experience for women but everything should be the same tbh. I also forgot to add that I do intermittent fasting. I know on the subreddit many people think Its just a way of eating but it makes no difference but I think That's plain wrong and my own opinion. There's a science behind fasting for 14-18 hours that helps with fat burn and from experience I always drop quicker which is better since I dread long cuts. I would rather cut hard a for 1 month or 2 tops and then bulk for many months with slow increments.
1-1.5g lbm depending on how lean you are and severity of calorie deficit. If you're close to shredded or have a huge deficit always more protein
exactly the same.
Try adding milk and greek yogurt to your diet. Milk at every meal, if you can. For lunch and dinner, I make sure to have a good amount of meat, like chicken in my lunch salad and a steak with vegetables for dinner.
It's just about finding foods that are rich in protein outside of the usual suspects like eggs, tuna (seriously, eat it) and chicken. On a cut you'd want to narrow it further and find foods that are also low calories.Oats for example are a godsend for this, they're carbs but are also rich in protein. Non-fat yoghourt is low calories, high protein. An example of something more whacky that I eat is flaxseed bread, it's literally bread made of flax seeds which are very rich in protein. Extremely hard to find, but I'm lucky enough to be able to buy it in bulk without too much hassle, that stuff has 29g per 100g. Think outside the box.Also, count protein in *everything*. Milk, whatever you eat for carbs, etc. It all has some protein and it adds up.
Up your breakfast to 3 whole eggs and 3 egg whites, a protein shake, and some light carbs (whole wheat english muffin w/ peanut butter or whole grain cereal). Aim for around 7-8oz of lean protein for lunch, 2 scoops of whey w/ peanut butter after your workouts, and at least 10oz of lean protien for dinner with fibrous vegetables. For snacks eat greek yogurt with low sugar (I buy large containers of plain yogurt and add fresh fruit), nuts, cottage cheese, and beef jerky. You'll easily hit ~240g of protien
There are a few around on Google, but generally the best I've found have been the ones using xantham gum. The one on reddit (titled Best Protein Fluff recipe ever or something) uses too much xantham gum.
Sounds good - thanks!
You have not gained 20 lbs of muscle, I can 100% guarantee that. You want to cut for summer to look ripped, not because it's what's best for you. Just trying to help, dude. You'd  be better off bulking for a looong time and then you'd look great after your first cut. Cutting now will stagnate your growth for months just to be lean for summer, and you won't look as good as you imagine.
The opposite of the intended effect
Mom?
Then just sweat the water out. Got it. Thanks for the quick reply!
I'm not advising anything? I'm just asking a question because I know that there is a type of diet, which you said, for short term weight loss. I just didn't know what that type of diet is for. I'm pretty sure it's to get shredded because it seems just like you think, pretty extreme.
As you like.  Can't argue with a method that's working for you.  I suspect it wouldn't work under a very large deficit (doesn't for most).
No.  It has to be quantitative, first of all - push as hard as you can isn't quantifiable.  But perhaps more importantly, 6 reps at a given weight is not the same as 8.  Volume can be reduced, but not your performance of a given rep max.  The practical way to implement this is by reducing set count.If you can't do your former 8 rep max, you're weaker than you used to be.  You've lost strength, and likely LBM.
Bummer.  Although you may find your results are better than you thought once you move back to maintenance.  Sometimes what looks like LBM loss is mostly water and glycogen.  You can test this with a low fat (almost nothing) high carb (absurdly high) refeed day (do it after a full body lifting session).
Plants crave Brawndo.
Omg. I had no idea. Thanks. [serious]
91kg. Target weight is 84-86I bulked on about 4000+ for ten months to gain ten kg. It was.... GloriousIt's only recently have I realise how much I spend on food
I'm 5'9/10 on a good day and cut at 2550 calories. 177lbs right now. [shrug]
Do you eat much fat? I find almonds are very helpful for feeling full in addition to protein of course.
link?
For 1 set I'd agree, but if you can still do the same number of reps on the first set, but the following ones lose a rep or two, it's probably not muscle loss, but simply a lack of energy. That's normal on a cut. 
I don't agree with this.Depending on your defecit you can definitely lose strength without losing LBM. You just don't have the energy to push as much as you usually do.
Thanks that makes sense!Since you seem to know what you're talking about, what's your preferred percentage breakdown for macros on a cut? Is it the same as during a bulking period just less calories, or do you take in a greater percentage in from protein and cut your carb/fat percentage?
Like another commenter said. Stimulants suppress hunger.
Very good reasons, makes a lot of sense.  Thanks!
Alright man. I appreciate the help. 
Rocky!
You'll pee it out
It's for fighting.  You have to be a certain weight for fighting matches.  People cut out water and become dehydrated for the weigh in.  It misrepresents their real weight.  Weigh ins are usually the day or two before.  Then they hydrate back to reasonable levels in like a day.  Really wrecks their bodies but gives an edge in a fight.
You're downvoted but increasing volume in a moderate caloric deficit which is when your recovery is already impaired  will result in not being able to recover properly and you will lose more muscle mass. I suggest people to go read some Eric Helms or Lyle Mcdonald literature. Edit: Further more your goal when cutting should be to maintain strength or to even try to progress in strength as that will help you maintain more muscle mass. Increasing volume when your recovery is impaired already is not going to do this. Trying to maintain strength on the bench when you blasted those muscle groups hard the last workout & are eating at a deficit is not going to allow you to keep those numbers up depending on the volume you're adding and the deficit you are in. You should keep volume the same/can even increase intensity. 
-1.25k to 1k deficit for 10weeks bruh 
It works for everybody. The problem is not everyone is willing to put in the work 
I'm a week into a cut and am still personally at the same strength levels. Reducing sets is the same as reducing reps though surely? Given that the total work volume goes down in both cases? Also what about fatigue while cutting and tiredness from the deficit? That would affect the rep count also (though it doesn't mean you've lost strength as such, just can't push yourself to due energy levels right?
No need for your sarcasm!
Damn dude that's a lot of weight to push around! 
Glorious does not describe my experience at all. I'm bulking at 3700 and it is a chore. I have no appetite most days to eat that much food,  even if i'm doing 200g fat. I'm not even big at all. I had to eat 3700 just to get up to 170 skinny fat. I might do a cut just to regain my appetite. 
What weight are you trying to get at? 
I'm about same height. How are cutting at 2550?? I've been eating 1850 a day, gym 3x a week, I've lost 10 pounds since Jan 1. I feel like if I did 2550 a day it'd be too much but maybe I'm doing it wrong. 
while reversing out? Its moderate, neither high or low. I shoot for 20-25% of cals from fat. I don't usually go for nuts, since I have pretty bad self control and can put away way too many (brazil nuts, almonds are my favorites)
Fitbit Aria is one example.
So this actually depends on the particulars.  You can cut volume to 1/3 of whatever volume you used to gain an adaptation and still retain it while cutting.  If you built a 315 5rm deadlift doing a 3x5 routine, yeah, one set of 5x315 is enough to maintain/demonstrate that you've maintained.If you built up a 10rm of 225 on bench doing 5x10, and you can't hit 2x10 at 225 any more, that may well indicate that you're losing LBM.
I'd agree, I ducked up my carbs in my last phase and got 8611 four sets at 75% going for 4x9 on squats. This phase my carbs are up to 290 and I hit 4x8 for 8886 at 78%.Training is so much easier after the adjustment. No strength was ever lost as my protein intake was solid, just had to all energy
It's true that that's possible, and perhaps I should have clarified for that edge case.It really only happens, in my experience, with carb restriction and off days (i.e. occasional bad workouts, usually due to stress), and is pretty obvious as in those cases it resolves as soon as you address the issue (e.g. with 10-20g of carbs pre-workout or just lifting another day).Because losing strength usually *is* either indicative of LBM loss or indicative that LBM loss is imminent, I usually just give the simple guideline.  Worst case is that a lifter will be too conservative.  But you have a fair point.
Yeah, you're very welcome.>what's your preferred percentage breakdown for macros on a cut? Is it the same as during a bulking period just less calories, or do you take in a greater percentage in from protein and cut your carb/fat percentage?It depends on a person's goals and what they like to eat / what they find easy to eat while dieting.Above about 12% body fat in males macros make no real difference if protein is adequate (1g per lb lean mass is standard, although probably a bit excessive) and enough carbs are eaten to support training and stay out of ketosis (100g ends keto, 150g is enough for most people's training).  So I advise those people to set minimum protein/carbs and then eat whatever they like to hit their calorie target.Under 12% carb restriction can be helpful to mobilize what little fat is left on the body.  Or you can use yohimbine in a fasted easy cardio protocol.  Or some other more esoteric training protocols.  Often protein requirements increase as you go lower, perhaps up to 2g per pound in extreme cases.At any composition carb restriction will cause you to drop subcutaneous water, which is fun and makes you feel like you're making progress.  Good trick if you want to look leaner all of a sudden or boost a client's sense of accomplishment early on.
Hmm, I'm not knowledgeable on getting cut which is why I am asking questions but, I wonder what is the difference between peeing it out and sweating it out. There's sweat rooms and saunas and then there's just naturally peeing.
Also through respiration!  I believe a larger portion of water loss is insensible loss via breathing/skin while inactive than that of sweat, of course how much one sweats is an important factor but as exercise intensity increases so does water loss through breathing.
Again, can't argue with a method that works for you.  I wouldn't expect it to work for many.  Less volume probably would work just as well (or better, allowing more time for other training).How much weight did you lose?  Any strength loss?  What drugs were involved?
Wow, that sounds miserable. I'm ravenously hungry most of the day at -500.
Haha.  That's downright silly, /u/thefuckcaptain.
>Reducing sets is the same as reducing reps though surely? Absolutely not!Which is harder:* 5 rep deadlift at 315* 10 rep deadlift at 315Who do you think would be bigger and stronger?* A guy who can push press 225 once* A guy who can push press 225 for 15 repsErgo, if you're a guy who can push press 225 for 15 reps, but after cutting you're a guy who can only push press 225 for 10 reps, you're weaker (and probably smaller) than you used to be.When you cut sets, the work volume decreases but the intensity, the tension generated on your muscles, and the acute metabolic demand on your muscles (during each set) are all constant.  When you cut reps or weight, all those things change.>Also what about fatigue while cutting and tiredness from the deficit? That would affect the rep count also (though it doesn't mean you've lost strength as such, just can't push yourself to due energy levels right?Not in my experience unless a trainee is carb restricting (around workout carbs or just eating 100g carbs daily both fix this) or trying to work out at a bad time of day / on a lousy day.  That may seem counter-intuitive but it seems that the work just *feels* harder.  You can still do it.
Reduce volume but you want your muscles to still be lifting the same weight/intensity. Meaning the adaptation to lift that weight remains. Or at least that is the goal. That's the way I understand it anyway. So if you were doing 5 sets of 200x5 cut back to 3 or 4 sets of 200x5 or maybe even 3-4 sets of 210x3. Increasing intensity while decreasing volume. But I am no trainer this is just my understanding of the ideas involved.
/serious
;] you dont really notice it when it goes on that slow. plus my strength was increasing faster proportionally, its only when my belly went passed my chest i was like.. hrm okay now is the time to cut. managed to smash or hit all my goals by the end of the year, now to retain and cut down. just another 8-10 weeks to go ;] then back on to bulk for 8-10 months shooting for 155/230/250 Edit and ofc a two plate ohp
Haha I just ate loads of chocolate and fried foods
~170, and I've been cutting for about 2 weeks. Lost a good pound so far.
Just pee on the rocks in the sauna to do both at the same time.
The amount extra you sweat compared to the amount extra you pee will be negligible.  You wouldn't be able to keep up with say 20 oz of water a day by sweat alone.  You'll pee it out naturally anyways. So why waste the extra time in the sauna more than what you're already going for?  All the sauna will do is make you less hydrated.
Breathing accounts for decent water loss and weight loss (the carbon dioxide... where do you think the carbon comes from???).  But you're not going to exhale *more* water vapor because you drank more.  The extra water you drink will leave through pee 
25lbs, no strength loss, no drugs lol 
Its not bad if you are fat, when I was 240 I lost an average of 2.5 lbs a week for about 4 months strait. Simply can't do that now that I'm 180 and fairly lean. Now -500 also leaves me being consistently hungry. 
As u/strongandweak said on a cut your Glycogen stores are low. This is why you have mistakenly thought you are losing muscle or strength on a cut.
Maxes sense, thank you for the explanation. 
>Ergo, if you're a guy who can push press 225 for 15 reps, but after cutting you're a guy who can only push press 225 for 10 reps, you're weaker (and probably smaller) than you used to be.Can't that be attributed to lack of energy?
Wow makes a lot of sense. I mean of course sweating is naturally good for you when you work out but I guess like another comment replied its for quick unhealthy weight loss. And then again it doesn't even change your appearance by much probably just weight. 
Oh yes I know, I was more so commenting on the sweat it out part from the preceding comment and how there's another portion most don't always consider, one that will also grow in proportion with exercise.  No argument here that urination is always the dominant mode of water loss.
Yeah, I'm not that naive.  Look at any of my longer comments on cutting; I obviously know that.It is possible to lose LBM on a cut.  Surprise!  Excessive training volume is a common cause.
Sure thing, hope it was helpful.
Can happen on carb restriction (especially if it is sudden), but generally no.  If it's a low energy thing it will almost immediately resolve upon refeeding (and usually resolves with 20g of simple carbs preworkout).
Sorry, didn't mean to make my comment sound condescending or anything
Do you have any proof of that claim otherwise calling Bro Science on that one
Oh no it is fine, tone is not a good thing to try to read into on a site like this, and I didn't really thoroughly flesh out my initial comment.  Believe me I thoroughly know the ins and outs of cellular respiration(maybe more than I'd like), biochem and ex. phys were fun times
Call it whatever you like, I don't care.
search for the vertical jump bible, it tells you everything you need to know about vertical training 
You could use vertical training as part of your leg day. Most programs train legs twice a week, with one being heavy, the other being hypertrophy or explosive. 
1. I think the only thing I added in was face pulls to the upper days. 2. Total time at the gym is about the same on all days - about 1:45 from entering to leaving, including a shower after. I probably rest more than most people, though, something like 4 minutes for big lifts and 2 for accessories. 3. I run a similar 'rest' schedule (see below), so that should be fine. 4. I use two of the off days for yoga. Personally I think it's great, and adds a little bit of ab work along with keeping my loose.  
I am actually going to being the same, but will be on a cut. Using Wednesday and the weekend as rest periods. But will try to get some cardio in on those days.
I've done this. And while I switched the first exercise of each day to a 531 style it's still very much PPL to PHUL.1: stuck to all the compounds for chest/back as there's less workouts each week (4chest/back vs 6) and I want to hit as much as possible per exercise , but kept them 3 sets.2: strength days are longer in general just due to the 5 rep work to start out with. I keep to 8 exercises for both upper days and 5 for lower days (not counting ab work)90s~ hypertrophy day, 240s~ strength exercises 3: absolutely fine, along as the two days together alternate upper/lower. Sometimes I do 4days on 3 days off but keep it ULUL.4: either Cardio, or additional shoulder work (I do rear shoulders as the rest of my routine is covered by incline press, overhead and superset laterals in my upper routine), and or abs if you don't want them on leg day.I've found sometimes I just continue the split of PHUL as a X days a week anyway, so I've done ULULU followed by LULUL the next week. Its not always it's that structured but I make sure it follows the structure the next time I go.
With PPL you can just keep the rotation and go on whatever days you can.  On a 4 day upper/lower split just do cardio on the extra days.  If you are already doing cardio you can add an extra arms/shoulder/chest workout where you do more isolation type stuff (no compound lifts) and do less/none of it on the other days.  I do this but its a set workout that I never skip.  My ideal split for going to the gym whenever I can is just PPL though since it works 3,4,5 or 6 days per week.
1. Swapped barbell lunge for Bulgarian split squats.2. 2 minutes for legs, chest and back, 1 minute for shoulders, arms and calves.3. Yes.4. Lateral/rear delts (reverse flys, face pulls), biceps/forearms (hammer curls, reverse curls).
1. I did some readjustment so that I was doing heavy bench, ohp, squat, and deadlift on their own days. I can't remember the specifics unfortunately.2. For the main 4 compounds I did 3-5 minutes. The rest were 1-2 minutes.3. That should be fine. The lower hypertrophy days were always the hardest for me, so take that into consideration.4. The four days are definitely good enough. Lower power was always a shorter workout for me, and I just added in some ab work towards the end.
On Strength days I actually increased the compound movements to 5 sets, I feel as if 3-4 sets isn't enough volume. Everything else I kept the same except on Upper Hypertrophy days where I added some extra shoulder isolation movements like Face pulls.
1. Didn't really remove anything, however I did add ab work on lower days. I also replaced some exercises with others (e.g. replaced dumbbell flys with dumbbell press, barbell curls with preacher curls). This is entirely based on preference.2. About 3 minutes on big lifts and 1-2 minutes on accessories depending on the exercise.3. That's completely fine. A lot of people run the program that way.4. I try to work abs on lower days and do cardio on off days. But again, its up to personal preference. You can do either or both on those days.
On my off days when I still feel like going to the gym, I usually do the three muscle groups I don't seem to directly target: abs, traps, and grip/forearms.
Awesome thanks for the tip on adding face pulls, and good to know I can utilize the rest days for other fitness related things. 
I am also cutting. I think utilizing rest days as slight cardio will be useful.
Thank you for clearing some of my concerns up, and I never even thought of splitting it like you said in the last point. That info will be useful when I have the extra day or two.
You strengthen your back by working it, and the best way to work it is to lift. Make 100% sure your form is on point. For your lower back, deadlifts are awesome. Even targets your upper back, too. For your upper back, rows, lat pull downs, pull ups, face pulls, flyes, etc. All great options. Look them up, watch the YT videos, figure out the correct form, and do them. do NOT be afraid to use very light weights. In your case, NEVER sacrifice form for heavier weight. 
Stretch. There's a fair chance you're getting sore because the muscles are tight and rarely used, not necessarily because they're weak. But for strengthening it, do lots of stretching followed by light weight training
Work on your core strength. Strong abdominal muscles are important, especially if you're going to be lifting you need to keep the stomach active to have proper form and be back pain-free. Try Pilates!!
/r/bodyweightfitness This subreddit has a lot of exercises you can do at home to strengthen you back. Work on back exercises everyday.
I'm not by any means weak (455 dl). However I own a few guinea pigs and when I bend over to clean up the poop and fix their cage my back starts hurting after a few mins too. I don't think u can ever stop your back from hurting. Just prolong the amount of time til it starts hurting.
Depending on your age and/or health history, it might be a matter of worn padding material (what ever the technical name is) between the disks.  The medical term is... arthritis.  I have this problem in a couple of lower disks and my lower back gets sore from even too much standing.  But it doesn't stop me from lifting -- and lifting hasn't made it better.By the way, this showed up during a cat scan for kidney stones and it wasn't even mentioned to me.  The moral of the story (in my case) is that if/when you get extensive diagnostics done go to the records department of the hospital and request your records.  Then read them completely, at a time when you have access to the internet!
I don't see any specific exercises on here but as long as there is no disc issues w-pose worked wonders for me. I do w-pose for 1 minute, then swimmers, then supermans. And then some scapular retraction. I have deadlifted 200kgs before and these exercises seem to hit little muscles that needed to be brought up in order to reduce my pain. 
Pay attention to your posture and how you sit.   Slouching makes your back weak and prone to soreness.  Just start with light low back strengthening and core strengthening in general.  Use the 21st century core training article.   You don't have to jump right into deadlifts.  Use the exercise directory at exrx.net for exercises that may be easier to start with.  
Great advice.  Find a gym with 10 or 15lb bumper weigts so you can start light and work up from there.  I'd start with just deadlifts and then add other exercises when you can no longer deadlift 3x a week.
A good cue to fix this issue is to instead of thinking about pushing the weight away from you, think of pushing yourself into the bench.
First of all your bench isn't lagging at all. It looks fine compared to the other numbers. If anything your DL is far ahead of the others.Like another commenter mentioned, during bench press you actually want to drive your shoulders down into the bench. Using leg drive you essentially want to be pushing your body back and down towards your head, which will keep your shoulders back. Bench press is an extremely technical lift and things like this just take tons of reps and hours of practice. You'll figure it out eventually, just keep working at it. Do some back off sets with lighter weights after working sets and really focus on this aspect of the lift.
Post a form check. We can help you a lot more that way. Also, your lifts are pretty proportional for a newer lifter.
I recommend tighting form.
Post a form check. Sounds like you are trying to reach further than you need to at the end of each rep.
I will try that thank you!
Thanks for the reassurance about my numbers.  I do use leg drive, but I find I have to be careful because sometimes I push so hard that I shift myself backwards.I also do BBB after the main lift so I am trying to use that to practice my form.Thanks for the advice!
And here I am with a 240 TM bench and a 340 TM Deadlift >_<
Thanks, will do! 
Will do! 
When I was overcoming shoulder impingement, I couldn't barbell press right away either (I can now with no issues).  I recommend trying dumbbell overhead press and starting light.  Dumbbells lets you press from a much more natural position since your head isn't in the way of the bar.  I was able to build my strength back up this way and remain pain free.  I would also add sets of facepulls and any type of rows you want to help build up your back and rear delts, which can also help ease shoulder pain (worked for me).  
Viking press or some kind of approximation if you have the option.Smith machine pressing where you stand a bit behind the bar and lean/press into the rack a bit should work if there's nothing better available.
Not quite an answer to your question, but if you're just getting back to the gym after being off 3 months from an injury, don't jump into a 5x5. Do some volume work and get used to working your muscles again so you don't end up with another reason not to lift for 3 months.
Landmine press might work, if you think something less vertical would feel better on your shoulders.
That's normal and common, and is usually due to limited thoracic mobility.[Thoracic mobility exercises](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3nWipTBOO08)>maybe landmine press would be a good substitute?Absolutely.  A one-arm variant is ideal.  Start very light and take your time learning the movement.  Make your goal here to rehabilitate your shoulders, not necessarily to move more weight or even see any shoulder growth (although you likely will see some).  Once you've built a strong base there will be a time to push the weight up etc.
Thanks - facepulls are part of what they had me doing, so I plan to keep those. How long did it take before you were able to overhead press with barbells if I can ask?
Do you have a specific routine you'd recommend? I'm pretty new to all of this, so it'd be great to have something to follow
To be honest, I don't really remember.  From the time I got back in the gym, to the time I started pressing with barbells, about a month or so.  I don't remember exactly when I switched back to the barbell, but once I was 10 repping 45 pound dumbbells again, I started pressing with the bar.  
Nothing in particular off the top of my head as far as an online program or anything. If you go on bodybuilding.com and browse their free plans, pick one with a lot of isolation movements and higher volumes. I'm not even saying you need to follow a 12 week plan, just a few weeks of strengthening the muscles again and getting them used to weight resistance.I would just avoid doing heavy compound lifts like a traditional 5x5 would have you do. You can still do squats and bench and deads and whatever else, but I'd stress doing 4-5 sets of higher reps, in the 8-12 range before you jump straight into 5 sets of 5 heavy reps.
5x5 is fine. Just start light. 
Put weight on your toes and lift your toes up.
look for this in your gymhttp://shop.lifefitness.com/tibia-dorsi-flexionhold a weight between your feet and curl up otherwisedon't really see a point to it, however, heavy standing calf raises and moderate volume seated calf raises will do more for your calves.
Walking with a heavy backpack always hits that for me. Not actually sure if that's related to having bad walking form.
Sit down with your leg flat out in front and a band around your foot and let the tension pull it so your foot is pointed and then pull your foot back towards you using that muscle.You can probably search for tibialis band exercise and find it.
do your walking in barefoot shoes, the lower heel means that you have to use your tibilias ant. more when walking
I'll put a couple 10lb plates against a wall, stand with my back against the wall, and stand with the edge of my heel on the plates. By lifting your toes up, you make kind of a [Class 2 Newton Lever](http://www.diracdelta.co.uk/science/source/l/e/lever/image002.jpg) lifting your body weight.  Do it for a set of 10 times and you'll feel it in your TA.
Mine got bigger indirectly through calf raises and ham curls.
It can help relieve shin splint pain
Mine are really big and it's because I walk with bad form, I walk on the outsides of my feet
Knees caving as you come up is usually due to weakness in the muscles that push your knees out (e.g. external hip rotators).  Strengthen them.One way to work on this that's sport-specific (uses the squat movement) is to do light squats wearing a resistance band around your knees.  This forces you to consciously push your knees out while squatting, training the necessary muscles while drilling the movement.  You can do this as a warmup, but in your case it's probably better done *after* your squat session so as not to pre-fatigue these muscles for the main lift.
Work on ya gluteus bootyus. Also, deload the weight. Then work back up.
Abductor machine. 
I've been using a narrow feet stance when I squat and it's been working great, knees don't cave in anymore. Try that maybe? Best of luck /Greated
https://squatuniversity.com/category/knee/
Banded Squats will help you out alot.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9CbPyDr2P0wPerform this with slowtempo, and you should be good.Main problem here is your glutes (external rotators) and stabilizers are weak, so other muscles are trying to compensate for their weaknesses.  Banded squats will force those muscles to activate, in turn solving your problem.Also, hip and ankle strength and flexibility. You mentioned ankle, but hip tightness can also be a huge issue. Here's a study that shows the effect of working on hip and ankle flexibility to reduce knee valgus.https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3718346/
I've had this exact problem and even went to a physiotherapist for it!You need to strengthen your butt muscles. The #1 exercise to do is side walking with a resistance band around your ankles. Like [this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZAFhxnfunF8). Glute bridges also help.
As others have said, work on your glutes and hip mobility. I had the same issue when I started. Take the weight off and slowly work your whey back up focusing on driving the knees out. And I mean slowly work your whey up over a period of time, not a period of a day and don't go heavier until you can reliably do that weight with form.For me, it had to be a conscious thing that I thought about during the whole motion, and eventually it becomes subconscious the more you do it.
I used to have this problem when I first started powerlifting. Sure you can do banded squats but you really need to focus on accessory work in the glutes and hamstrings. Focus on spreading the floor with your feet when you come up. 
Do you have flat feet?
Knees caving in isn't as bad as many people think. https://youtu.be/vTlF4Njj1e4?t=809
This.  I have the Mark Bell Hip Circle I use when I am doing 60% weight reps.  It definitely helps me focus on pushing with those muscles to keep the band tight. 
Knees caving in usually means weak hip abductors  which usually correlates with low hip mobility. Narrow stance requires a great amount of mobility to reach depth so I wouldn't recommend this to OP. I could be completely wrong though and OP can go ATG with an upright torso. Idk. 
They're both caused by the same thing, so I would imagine the answer is yes.
Man it really looks to me like his stance is just .5 in to 1 in too wide, and he wouldn't have to bring his knees in to get that more favorable position if his stance was just a little more narrow. Is that just wrong?
Yeah, hip sleeves are good for this.  Couldn't think of the name.
Did you listen to what they said? It is probably beneficial for him.
Yes, I listened. They did not say anything about stance width that I heard. 
Knees caving can be caused by the activation of the adductor magnus, which can be used as hip extender helping you get out of the hole. The other benefit of it is a stretch reflex in the glutes, helping you get out of the hole too. As long as the knees are not caving in significantly, knees caving in slightly is beneficial. Picking a stance less width puts more emphasis on the quads and less on the glutes and removes a big part of the benefits from knees caving in.
Dodgeball forever.
>Their 15/16 if you're not familiar with the term Junior HighWhat? In the States, Junior High is usually 7th-8th, rarely 9th grade, which is about age 11-14.
Soccer? It's the most fun I had in PE. That or basketball, just teach the rules and a basic strategy and you will be set. 
I'm in high-school myself and the only gym class I've ever had fun in was centered around dodgeball. Most of the time, physical activity in gym includes running around the track (and almost no one enjoys that).If you really want them to have fun, you can try things like dodgeball/funball, basketball or even floor hockey.What I would recommend is you put on some music, have them stretch at the beginning with one of the stretching programs in the wiki, and then move on to the team games, no need for a cool-down exercise.
Run them through any basic beginner's warmup that's performed mostly standing, cool down with basic static stretches held 30 seconds each.  Give them a 4v4 ball game based on whatever facility you have (basketball, soccer, whatever).  Junior high kids know how to play.If you don't know a basic warmup, do:* [high knees](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8opcQdC-V-U)* [butt kicks](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UfCH8LMmLH8)* jumping jacks or similar* shoulder rolls forward/back (slow)Should take 5-8 minutes.
More detail would sure be helpful. Do you have any equipment? What kind of a facility? e.g. I might say Basketball but if you don't have hoops or access to a court that's obviously not gonna work. With just 8 kids, it's probably possible to tailor your program to their needs if you have the time/space.
I second this. Dodgeball is fun as hell.
The greatest gym class game of all time.
There is very little resources for ball games, only equipment for the most common of ball games
Start lifting, while still maintaining your cardioPick a program from the wiki and go ham. 
thanks also how do i go about losing the love Handles or do you think that will just shape up as I follow the work out routine ???
I don't actually see any love handles (even though you're facing the camera). It doesn't look like you have any. You should maintain the cardio and start lifting. Cardio burns calories and lifting increases metabolism. That and eating healthy will get you to where you want. I wouldn't recommend eating at a deficit though, just eating healthy. It doesn't look like you have much more fat/weight to lose :) 
Love handles are mostly fat. So if you're on a deficit, yes. How you lose fat is actually a bit counterintuitive, since it requires lifting heavy stuff (instead of cardio) in addition to a caloric deficit. All cardio does is increase the caloric deficit, and does little to retain your muscle mass. So if you want to look super lean, you need to lift. 
You don't need to lift to lose fat. All you need is a calorie deficit. If he wants to look super lean all he has to do is to keep losing weight.I agree he should lift but not because it burns fat. 
You were running a little on the high side for a deficit, were not getting enough fat in your diet, and were doing fuckarounditis with your program. Of course you failed. I bet you also felt miserable overall? You more than likely tanked your hormones which is what messed you up. Aim for a smaller deficit (no more than 500 calories), get at least .3-.4g of fat per lb mass, and stick to a proven routine. 
I'm not sure what results you are expecting, but for 5-6 weeks you look to be on track based on the photos. I see a clear reduction in abdominal fat. You aren't shredded yet, but based on your starting point you looked 12-16 weeks out from that anyway.*Stick to your plan.*People on their first cut almost always underestimate the amount of time it will take.  IMO you're doing great, especially if your energy and mood are good.  Don't slack on your workouts, and don't slack on your diet. If you find your weight stalls for 2 consecutive weeks, adjust your calories down by 100 (25g carb).The results will come. 
You lost 10lb in 5-6 weeks. Slow it down. Shoot for 1lb a week loss. This will help w the energy and strength loss issues you have experienced. Also it is normal to get a little weaker on a cut, the strength will come back fast. Cutting sucks and everything you have described is normal for a cut. Just slow it down a little and keep it up. I assume your macros are on point.
Just going to say, your bench is really damn good for your bodyweight, even after the cut. And it's normal to lose a bit of strength during a cut. 
You lost 10 pounds, your waist is smaller, and you are visibly leaner. This is not failure, this is perfectly good results for 6 weeks. Your numbers dipped slightly, but I wouldn't stress over it; they will come back to normal when you're eating more.
Hey man for what its worth I think you actually look leaner and are on good track numbers wise for only 5-6 weeks. You have to remember your muscles are deflated from cutting so some of the fat loss appears to be negated by this. Cutting always takes longer than you expect. Adjust accordingly and see how you look in 12-16 weeks.
I don't see much of a problem. You may have lost a little muscle mass but you can make that up quickly once you start eating at maintenance again. Your gonna look shredded if you cut for another 5 weeks.
Are you eating more than 200 grams of protein a day? Why? 
if you are actually serious, cut out another 500 calories from your diet, you will get where you want much easier, cut out breakfast entirely, or reduce your dinner by 500 calories.
Thanks for the response. My energy levels are actually good, and emotionally I feel good. But given what you said I would probably feel a lot better with your suggestions. What routine would you recommend? I felt that 15% fat was too low, but thought I would stick to what was written [here](http://hackyour.fitness/macros/). What's your opinion on this? He talks about 15% fat on workout days and 25% on rest days.
How do you know that's a high deficit for him? Unless I missed it, he didn't say how tall he was. For me, 1900cal is pretty much a 500cal deficit.
what do you estimate his weight might be at the end of the cut?
I agree, would be interested to find out OP's height. 
Ditch percentages as they are useless. Aim for at least .8-1g of protein per lb mass and .3-.4g of fat per lb mass. After that, fill out your calories however you like between fat and carbs. Some people do better going high fat and low carb, others need to do high carb. Also, usually people will carb cycle with more/less carbs on workout days and rest days, not really fat.As for a program, many of the wiki programs are pretty good. I'm a big fan of the GZCL method (/r/GZCL) and his VDIP (entirely autoregulation based) or Rippler (not a crazy amount of volume) programs are both pretty good for cutting. The key though with cutting is aiming to keep the weight up but cutting back on volume as needed as your recovery starts to tank. I usually try to keep consistent with my main lifts once the cut starts to get tough and cut back on the accessory work by reducing reps or sets as needed.
He averaged more than a 1.5 lbs lost a week which is on the higher side for someone lower on BF. On it's own it is not a big thing but coupled with low fat lead to issues.
138-141 is a reasonable milestone. 
I take your point, didn't think about that at all. You're right, a 500cal deficit would have led to an average of 1lb a week in theory.
Try MDMA
Not worth it IMO. The jaw is a horribly unstable joint, and you'll likely end up with TMJD. 
Grow a beard.
>Can you exercise your masseter muscleYes.>Will this make your jawline appear more prominentNo.  It'll make your masseter muscle appear more prominent.  Usually not a great look.You could probably get better jawline improvement by working on your posture.  Head-forward posture and a rounded upper back will pull your jaw out of alignment and can have a large effect on your facial presentation.  Correcting it will tend to bring the jaw forward and down, which generally looks better and is healthier for the joint.  I'm assuming you have this postural defect because most people do, at least to a minor degree.
Tren and HGH buddy boy
https://www.reddit.com/r/bodybuilding/comments/5npkca/frank_mcgraths_insane_jaw_muscles/This is how big jaw muscles look like
Yes weighted jaw clenches can cause masseter growth.It can change face shape a bit.However it can cause u to develop bruxism and other issues.If ur heart is set on it though id advise u to do the exercisea very slowly and do a lot of releases on the masseter using a theracane or ur fingers
I eat a lot, and when I quit smoking I used Nicorette.To come off that, I chewed regular sugar-free gum.  I went through about 5 packs of gum every day for a few months, close to a year IIRC.Jaw muscles began to protrude wider than the bottom of my jaw.  I already had a pretty big jaw and head though, so not like a lot of people would notice
Develop facial tick Tourette's. Worked for me! Lol
I've been doing a variation of this since my early teens (saw it in a women's magazine). Not regularly, just whenever I think of it or my jawline looks fat, minimum of monthly I guess, for as many reps as I feel like. Does it work? I've been obese since my teens and 25 years later, no major double chin. Could be genetics, could be this exercise. What I do is keep my mouth closed and bring the corners down in a grimace, but activating the muscle under my chin. To learn it better, you can open your mouth and frown, but only moving your chin down. I like the closed mouth version better because it doesn't use the TMJ.
I have the opposite problem in that I want to reduce the look of my jaw. It is too big and defined for a woman so I was wondering whether anyone had any advice on how to reduce it prominent look? 
Yeah sure thing brah, just get one of these https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jBdrIE41sB8Make sure to film it also for our amusement. 
Getting lean will do wonders for your jawline. When you're contest ready (maybe even 8% or so). You can see your masseter move when you chew. Maybe earlier for some people based on how your face stores fat.
Google Image search >Frank McGrath jaw
After I lost 35 pounds, my jaw line went from indistinct to looking like I'd been chewing gravel for the last 20 years.
It's all fast twitch so you could hit it hard with some 5 3 1. Take roids it'll blow it up
Try competitive eating
Thanks for the video. My GF thanked me from 1:10 to 1:23 #Growth
Why pretend?
The simplest and best exercise to do for your face is to do mouth exercises (form vowels with your mouth with plenty of reps). You will notice progress very quickly if you don't talk much on a daily basis.
The masseter is pretty deep in your face
This guy knows what's up 
Can confirm going thru packs of gum
i'm getting close to getting face abs
Disclaimer: You might also chew your cheeks, tongue and lips until they bleed. Oh and grind your teeth to dust. But you'll have a fucking wicked time doing it!
We got an old saying in our bush. Sometimes life gets you down, all you can do is put on a brave smile. Take a fuckload of MDMA. Then you're walking distance from the beach. Doesn't matter where you live, you got enough of MDMA, you're walking distance from the beach. Just don't forget a towel.
And a good dentist.
He said increase jaw line not have 40 years worth of teeth grinding damage haha 
You start with gum and when that runs out, you use your tongue.  I don't miss that.
Yeah sure, this could be the closest option but IMHO, still Negative. If blowjob's don't decrease face fat, I don't know if anything would. Welcome to the reality of having chubby cheeks.
TMJD = too much jizz, dude ?
Let me just take a moment to commend you for using TMJD instead of just TMJ.I go through life with an eye twitch because of people who say they have TMJ.
Can confirm, I *worked out* my jaw by grinding my teeth unconsciously at night for years, have TMJD now, which means I can't open my mouth fully, it always cracks when I chew, and I have to wear a mouth guard at night to prevent the grinding, or it hurts all day.
TMJD IS NO FUCKING JOKE. Story time.I have had TMJD since my teens (I'm 34 now) and after a while there were bits when it would lock open and I would have to manually push my jaw back into place. One day my jaw locked and I tried to force it shut and it wouldn't. I was horrified and had to go to the emergency department with my aunt and a towel over my mouth because my mouth could not close and I was terrified of people seeing me with my mouth open. Apparently my jaw came off it's hinges and in trying to force it shut my glands or muscles swelled to the point that it wouldn't allow my jaw to reset. I ended up having to get local anesthesia through my cheeks to reduce the inflammation (and yes I got high as fuck).Afterwards, 2 huge dudes from the anesthesia dept had to literally grab my jaw and set it back in place. When it popped back in all I could do was laugh because I was so high. The next step would have been surgery. It was pretty terrifying experience. That happened one more time after that. I got really pissed this time around, but I  tried to remain calm and went back to the hospital. Since I didn't mess around with it, setting it back into place was pretty easy. Still took help from a doc. After that I literally had to relearn different ways to eat, yawn, and all that good shit we take for granted just so it would never happen again, since there is no real fix for it. Boys and girls with TMJD please try to yawn, eat, scream differently. It will save you a really scary experience.TL;DR I have had TMJD for like 20 years and my jaw locked open twice. It sucks. Had to relearn different ways to use my mouth no homo. Those with TMJD should do the same before you end up in the hospital with a team of people shoving there hands in your mouth.EDIT: Some bad grammar and word usage.
Can verify - happened to me
Like me. My jaw LOOKS nice, its just feels like gravel. 
Definitely agree with this. I'm an oral and maxillofacial surgery resident and we see so many people with TMD.  Over tightening and over using of your muscles of mastication is frequently related to TMD, bruxism (grinding), and myofascial pain.  Also, someone below mentioned botox for muscles of mastication.  This is a treatment that we sometimes use for myofascial pain that is related to clenching and over use of these muscles.  However, we do not do this for esthetics.  Also, the effects would be temporary (~6 months) before requiring re-treatment.If being overweight is not the issue and there is an underlying skeletal abnormality it can sometimes be corrected with orthognathic (repositioning the jaws surgically) surgery or a genioplasty (repositioning the chin only).
lucky enough to have a really mild version of this that went away after a month, don't try exercising your jaw
If only it were that easy...:,( 
Truly a man committed to his craft. 
Which will hide your jaw completely, leaving it to the imagination? Is that the idea
Rofl whenever my weight gets a little higher then I'd like that's my go to
TIL posture affects face. Thanks, mate.
Yeah boiii I recently took the reigns on the totally dead /r/posture subreddit and am trying to turn it around. Going through the process of writing an FAQ including how to fix forward head posture. Be good to spread the word! 
GH for that Tony Robbins jaw
Bruxism is generalized parafunction of the jaw joint. Intentional exercises of the muscles of mastication are commonly used to combat TMJD, which is primarily brought on by bruxism and other repetitive, jaw motion. I don't see why deliberate exercise of the jaw would lead to dysfunction, if done in a careful way.
After careful analysis of this thread I'd say chew less gum. 
Probably not the answer you're looking for necessarily, but [masseter m. botox is a thing](http://www.facialplasticsnyc.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/03/masseter1.jpg).
Suck less dicks.
It would be nice if reddit had some sort of way to link images
How so? When I did anatomy dissection it was among the most superficial muscles I encountered (i.e. fewest layers of tissue between muscle and ectoderm).
and then tongue
In my experience you get both
Are you saying that you've been rolling for 40 years or that rolling a few times could equate to 40 years of damage?
The manly jaw dysfunction. 
Temporal Mandibular Joint Disorder for the too lazy to google.I had issues in this joint due to a viral infection. Would not recommend.
That's where your mind went?
Technically we all have a TMJ
Same with Carpel Tunnel, everybody with hands has them, but the Syndrome is what causes problems with them.
Bruh... I think I have that shit too. Is it when you open your mouth enough, you push through and hear a pop kind of deal in your jaw? It seemed to start months after my wisdom tooth surgery so I blamed it on that because I couldn't think of any reason why. Then let's just say one day I was under the influence so I popped my jaw like that many, *many* times. The next couple days it was so sore I could barely open it to eat. Now it's a permanent kind of  state where I can't open my mouth fully without it popping. 
WTF my girlfriend tells me every night i grind my teeth.  Way to scare me fuck
okayyyy. i'm going to not do this exercise then.
Don't shave. Ever. 
I had a highschool teacher who had a super weak jaw line so he just grew a very short beard and figured out a way to shave it to make it look like he had a strong jaw. 
You're welcome.  It has the biggest effect while you're growing but can make a fair difference when corrected in adulthood as well.
It can affect your whole head. Bad posture can lead to tension of the sternoclavoid (sp?) muscle(?)-- the ones that run from behind your ears to the front base of your neck-- which can lead to a slew of problems, namely migraines, eye ache, and even tinnitus.
I went and subscribed. 
Oh nice.  PM me if you'd like another writer or some copy edit, that could be an extremely helpful educational sub.
JGH
I very rarely chew gum haha
I was hoping for sort of natural remedies or exercises but thanks! Will look into this. Botox is a bit drastic not to mention expensive for me
Haha! Life is about compromise eh
Did you mean the *epiderm*? And that's right. There are also the pterygoid muscles in the jaw that lie beneath the masseter.
And then the inside of both cheeks 
Haha true..
Rolling a few times could equate to 40 years of damage. Just making a joke but a common mistake is people clenching and grinding the hell out of their teeth. Get some jolly ranchers so you suck and not clench or grind 
The mayor's jewish daughter. 
Chew (pop) chew (pop) chew (pop)
Two of them!
After it pops does it hurt really really fucking bad then slowly starts to go away? I've had that junk happen quite a few times.I hear a crack/pop noise and it hurts like hell that I even get a headache. Rarely happens though.
Yes, it pops if I open it wide, or also not straight.Sometimes, like once a week, it pops really badly, more like cracks, then I can open it fully again for a few minutes, maybe that's what's /u/truongs means.Btw try pressing two fingers against the place where it pops and opening your mouth fully a few times at the same time, it should work without popping. Sadly I can't press my fingers against my jaw all the time.Apart from the mouth guard, another temporary fix is apparently to eat only soft or liquid foods for a week or more. I've never tried it, because it doesn't bother me that much, but keep it in mind.
[Okay.](http://img1.etsystatic.com/000/0/6775609/il_570xN.341698461.jpg)
Interesting. I find that if I grow a short beard and then cut just at the jaw line it works pretty well, I think he was onto something 
I always think this seems like a very risky option if you start dating a woman and then one day you shave and she realises she's completely not in to you 
Sternocleidomastoid. I only remember it because it's fun to say 
I did mean the epidermis.
Wew I knew that teeth grinding was a thing but I didn't know that it could damage teeth that extensively . 
Teenie meenie jiggolo dong
It isn't that painful for me, but if I do it a lot then it will hurt.
>Sometimes, like once a week, it pops really badly, more like cracks, then I can open it fully again for a few minutes, maybe that's what's /u/truongs means.Yes, but it only happens when I try to open it really wide and not straight (I assume since it rarely happens) and it's just like you said.I never knew it was a thing with the jaw being crappy lol
I pop my jaw all the time, my right jaw is always loose and squishy but my left jaw is crunchy. Then i open it wide on that side and it pops and feels good and squishy again. Then when I eat the left jaw goes back to crunchy again. 
Oh allah. 
Are you me? :(
He's like a Santa on a break
Now that's a neckbeard.
Cut it a bit lower than the jaw line. Cutting on the jaw line is unsightly from the side, under and from the back.
Easy solution: never shave
This goes both ways. You could date a woman who's really good at makeup and not be attracted to her after you see her without. 
teenage mutant judo dinosaurs
Oh, you also only grow facial hair along the lines of your jaw and neck? I tried growing a goatee, but it doesn't go up at all so it looks stupid. Also, my grain direction is different on both sides, my left side has it growing downwards, while it grows towards the right on my right side. Goddammit. >.> 
Too late now! Maybe next week lmao 
That's why you take them swimming
Tiny monkey jello dancers
Mine grows only under my jaw, not even my neck. Worst of all, it's not even and doesn't reach to my sideburns where I could do a chinstrap thing. It's just a lopsided island of hair below my jaw. And when I say sideburns, I don't mean beard-like sideburns, I mean those sideburns that are just like your head hair, which means for me it's curly, wavy, long, and thin. Looks like someone ripped up a merkin, pulled some of the hair out, and strapped it to my head.
too much jean-claud van-dam
Lmao guess we weren't destined to have luxurious beards. Who knows, maybe in ten years...:,c 
 I have still, largely, got that same problem. Has been gradually creeping up the chin though so I think you might be alright yet haha
I'd be curious to know how old you guys are. I went from spotty trainwreck to full beard between 20-26. Sometimes it takes a while.
Just turned 24 on new years. Honestly, I do think I'll fill out more within the next few years. Well, hoping lol. 
Eat as much peanut butter as possible using whole milk as lube to get it down your throat. 
Need high caloric density. Try to eat foods that are high in fat and low in water and air.
Try being more active.Also just force more food down your throat.
Eat foods that are high in calories like more oil, nuts, avacado, meat... 
I was almost the exact same size as you when I started out.What I eventually realized is that it's almost impossible to eat as much as we need to eat in 3 meals. You'll probably need to split it into 4 or 5 meals. Try making some shakes as well; they make it easy to get a lot of cals down. I used to make them with milk, oats, banana, and sometimes peanut butter. Also, track your calories. Things will work out a lot better if you have a specific number to aim for rather than having to wonder if what youre eating is enough or not.
GOMAD, nuts, peanut butter, pop tarts, ice cream etc
If you're more used to small quantities, eating your calories throughout the day may be a better choice. 
I have six meals per day, have you tried splitting your meals?
Smaller meals more times a day, have a protein shake in the morn along with breakfast, also PB and j with wheat bread is pretty high calorically for how much it fills you up and can be carried around all the time so you can have 4 throughout a day when you don't feel full, mostly just keep on eating a little more and keep it down and you'll get used to it
I would say snacking. Snacking on nuts like peanuts and almonds can have you downing a thousand calories easy. 
Heavy whipping cream my friend. I think a pint of it is around 1,600 calories. 
I throw up, I've tried it before.
This. Strenuous physical activity has a way of making people hungry.
Hmm, no. I usually try to eat before and after my exercise, but I'm really bot consistent.
Yeah, that /r/gainit sub is the worst, especially /u/StatusCrow.
If it says 10 do 10 reps with left, then 10 with right.Each leg is half.
Gainit isn't unhelpful, you just post dumbass stuff. Everything that's been removed has been because it's clearly against the rules - and yet you crybaby every time.I can grab some links if you like. As for your lunges: 10 each leg.
Typically it's per leg.
I'd personally count 10 per leg so 20 reps per the entire set ... Then again I enjoy them 
It's a shame, JimNaysium or whatever always removes my posts. I really like that sub, but fuck it, I'll just stick to this one. Reddit is a great place, it's always the mods that fuck it up. 
Thank you! It's exhausting but I'll power through!
Thanks!
Thank you!
Yeah, Jim's such a dick, enforcing the rules and all that bullshit.Watch out though if you're trying to come here to escape mod Nazism, /u/purplespengler was a member of the Hitler Youth, allegedly, I will say that for legal reasons.
>...always removes my posts. Lets review the posts you've made that have been removed:https://www.reddit.com/r/gainit/comments/3md9uy/right_shoulder_pain_when_benching/- Asking Medical Advice. https://www.reddit.com/r/gainit/comments/5tg3xd/really_stupid_question_about_lunges/- Asking general fitness advice. >I subscribed to them now instead of r/gainit, thanks!- Your welcome. 
Meh. Dude posts to T_D, no huge loss for Gainit. u/JimNaysium, you're piling up haters lately. 
I think the NoFap / FA posts are sadder.
5/3/1 triumvirate is pretty good for cuts imo. But then again, that was after I ran 5/3/1 for a number of months. 
If you're going to the gym and seriously lifting, 1800 calories will be low enough to achieve a cut. If you find that it's not enough, just toss in some cardio at the end of your routines. 
I like to run a PPL on a cut because i get bored if I don't work out every day and this lets my run a 6 day lifting cycle with cardio on day 7. [The PPL on the wiki](https://www.reddit.com/r/Fitness/comments/37ylk5/a_linear_progression_based_ppl_program_for/) is good. You can run it all week or take rest days in between each 3 day cycle if you prefer. It hits each muscle group frequently enough that as long as you get adequate protein you shouldn't lose muscle even on a cut. 
Work out your back a lot.
catch back up. HAHAHA how meta. Just incorporate it into your routine (although you should be using a set routine). Like a normal beginner routiner would include 1-2 back exercises per workout. Barbell rows, pull ups, a deadlift 1-2x a week, or other row variants. 
Idk what your split is but you could do back every other day and probably be fine. Excluding deadlifts. 
Pullups, rows, and deadlifts. Lots of em.
Barbell and dumbbell rows, pullups and weighted pullups, lat pulldown. 
Heavy rack pulls. 
Should I up the frequency  per week?  So twice a week? 
I've found twice a week to be pretty effective for me.  It's usually back/bis, chest/tris, legs/shoulders, rest 1 day, repeat.  As far as Catching up is concerned, I don't think you can really expedite the process.  Working any muscle too much won't give it enough time to rest/rebuild.  I think twice a week is fair
I like doing some type of back movement pretty much every day.Either light dumbbell rows for extra blood flow on a day when I'm a bit sore, up to trashing my back with either T bar rows, weighted pullups or deadlifts.Pretty much go by feel.
Who cares if they're realistic or not? Try and see.Worst that happens is you don't make it?
Very realistic. Get on a strict program and start tracking your lifts every workout and you will see the progress.
Depends on your definition of realistic. If you're putting in the effort and eating right. It can definitely be done but that's a 12-15% weight increase across the board, it'll be tough but it can be done. Bench will probably come before the squats and deads
>I don't do a strict program.You're shooting yourself in the foot. Take it from me, someone who's been lifting for ~4 years and only hopped on a program for the first time in September: your gains will be better on a proven program.It sounds like you're into powerlifting type training. There are tons of good powerlifting programs out there. Candito 6 week is the one I'm using and I really enjoy it. I've heard 2-suns is also very good. I encourage you to try one out for a few cycles. You will almost certainly reach your goals on a program. Without a program it's really a toss up IMO
Those are extremely achievable. You'd be going from a 250 to a 300 Wilks in a year, which is not at all a stretch.
Cool thanks.  I'm aiming high
With my previously sporadic work schedule and poor sleep schedule I convinced myself I couldn't stick with a program, but you're probably right about getting into one.  I'll look into it thanks
Like someone else said, follow a proven program. Me saying it's doable doesn't mean it'll happen, those are still HUGE goals for a one year time frame. It's possible but far from easy. Your diet will need to be decent, and training will need to be on point for those squat and deadlift increases
Good advice.   Thanks
Weighted dips will help your shoulders a lot more. 
Why would pull ups give you big shoulders? I mean, sure there is some rear delt activation, but that doesn't really add much to your delts imo.Front raises, side raises and face pulls. Tons of it. Can add arnold press too, works both front and side delts.
pull ups do not work the shoulders in the manner you think 
Work shoulders not back.
Weighted pullups are great but they're not a shoulder exercise. They'll give you big lats, which is good. It will make your upper body look bigger and wider.
No, vertical pulls don't involve the shoulders much.  A small amount of the work is performed by the rear deltoids if your form is good (i.e. shoulders are down and back at the bottom).  It isn't much.  Front/medial delts get nothing.If you want a good pulling movement for your shoulders, do face pulls.  Great rear delt exercise for shoulder thickness.
Check this website out. There is 145 different variations to target your shoulders. Devote a day a week to just your shoulders. http://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/finder/lookup/filter/muscle/id/12/muscle/shoulders
I thought dips worked your triceps and chest mostly?
It uses significantly more shoulders than pullups will in any case. And I'd argue that dips work shoulders more than chest. 
Take PWO.Then you'll feel like you want to run through a wall.
Caffeine
Maybe your working out to many days for too long. How many days a week?
What are you asking? Can you kick the date out to get sufficient sleep? Yes. Can you operate in 5 hours of sleep without being exhausted? No. 
Surprised no one has mentioned this yet - water. Make sure your body is hydrated, and in return, it will yield you gainz.
I would suggest to take a break maybe a week or less, you just might be exhausted and need a proper rest, epseically if you have been working out for longer period of time without a break.
Where do you live? This sounds like me during the winter before I start taking all the vitamin D to combat the SADs.
Do you do any sort of sleep tracking that might help determine if you're resting well? If you snore a lot, that could be affecting your rest. Otherwise, you could be sick. Take a few days off to rest up and eat well, maybe do some yoga and stretching to see how that feels. If you're still sluggish and weak, go to the doctor.
There are too many reasons why you feel tired. Perhaps the lack of sleep affects that. Its important to remember that working out also stresses your bodyand all stress is cumulative. So if your job, lack of sleep, and relationship are all taking a toll on you, your workout is going to make your body cry.
Sounds like you have the flu or something...Go get checked out.
Sounds like you could use a deload, the weak lifts and low appetite signal overtraining, especially since you've only been feeling like this for the past week. The lack of sleep also doesn't help. Do your workouts with the same reps as you would but with lighter weights, around 60% of what you'd usually do. Focus on maintaining good form and doing crisp, powerful reps. And the week after, go to 80% of what you'd do with the same things in mind, powerful reps and all. By the third week you should be bouncing off the walls to go to the gym
Are you having personal issues or depression?Seems like you are hitting a mental barrier. Maybe just a rut.
Might try really sleeping. I was running into a wall so I took an extra day off my workout, took some sleep aid and slept as much as I could over my weekend. Came back and broke some PRs.
> Last week end I barely slept since I had a date over and yeah,no time to sleep.Would you say that she came over, yada yada yada, you're really tired the next day?
Do you get your vitamins and minerals? Also drink more water.
Are you eating enough fats??????????
Im too poor. 
Hoe many scoops do you take? 
Can I ask what's PWO?
even when it does not contain DMAA?
I drank two cups of coffe today. Mostly its like 4 but I was too lazy to make more. I dont use pre workout if you wonderd about that. 
4 days a week and mostly taking like max 1.5 h for a workout. I think I might get sick but I dont know.
this. you be surprised what a good supply of water will do. people underestimate how much water they need.
Thanks ! I actually barely snort. And I mostly feel really rested. My job is super chill and I have no problem with it. I might get sick though. I went home and I feel just destroyed.
OP said he did SL 5x5 for 6 months. And right now is working out 4 days a week, at max 1.5 hours. I personally don't think that's nearly enough to constitute over training, especially since OP says diet and sleep usually arent an issue. It sounds more like he is just sick. 
Perhaps a part time job will reinvigorate you.
Hyphy mud bruh lmao
Eat more in general.  Suggest increasing your daily caloric intake by 250 and see how it works, and keep upping it until you feel better.
then just buy powdered caffeine online dude maybe some beta alanine too cheap as hell
Just one so far. I got some samples because I haven't used it before. I'm not sure if it's a placebo affect or what, but I like what it does.
Depends on strength of pwo (mainly milligrams caffeine) and caffeine resistance. Dont use others as guide, always start low to assert tolerance. 
Pre workout
I just take caffeine pills. If you start to become dull to it, then cycle off. 
Too poor for pwo but you can justify coffee??
4 days 1.5 hours balls to the walls is a lot. Try going down to an hour or taking it down to three. Proper rest is just as important for growth. Everyone's suggesting caffeine but that will make it much worse and eventually you will Injure yourself from lack of rest like you are worried about. 1 sick day isn't really gonna cut it. Try altering your program until you are able to sustain it. 
How long has it been this way? Seems quite possible this is just a virus thing, like a mild cold that your body is mostly okay dealing to, but which is still costing some energy. 
Hmm I take 2 before I feel a considerable difference. Maybe it's about the weight of the person. 
Caffeine pills also increase free fatty acids, which helps burn fat. Coffee has the same effects but there are other chemicals in coffee that reduce  the efficiency.
But thats quite insane man. 
Most of the effects of a pre-workout are simply from the caffeine. Caffeine pills can be bought for around 5 cents a pill. Coffee also had the same effect if you prefer it.
I'm right around 260, and like I said I just started. There is a chance you can adjust to it and need to take more, like anything else.
It's more about the caffeine tolerance.
It's no different than coffee or a preworkout. Just a lot fucking cheaper. 
Umm.. caffeine pills are a couple of cups of coffee worth of caffeine.
yea that was my point
I'm 213 hmm. 
Agreed that it's the same, but isn't drip coffee made at home the cheapest? I mean like the big containers of shit coffee
cut them into pieces then
For pure caffeine amount? No, not even remotely. You can get like 100 caffeine pills of 200mg caffeine for like 8 bucks. 
Would you say caffeine pills give the same results as pwo? 
The cost of caffeine pills or coffee is negligible if making it at home. Don't let cost be a factor in your decision for choosing caffeine pills or coffee. Too much caffeine can have negative consequences and is something you should consider before jumping into large amounts (in either coffee or caffeine pills). Sleep and diet would be better places to look first if your energy levels are low.
Yes
No
Not in general.Many people notice they can use higher frequency or volume for upper-body work, but this is not universal. And it's not clear that this is because the upper body recovers faster, as opposed to just the fact that lower-body exercises are objectively more taxing since they use more weight.
Smaller muscle groups need less recovery time than larger, but there's no order of operations when it comes to recovery.
Probably a lot of running and strongman training (farmers walks, carries, sled work). Combined with calisthenics (pullups, pushups, sit ups). 
SOFLETE Strength Team, each day has two workouts, perfect for your schedule.  Wednesday is active recovery with running or swimming (pick which one you need work for your selection course).  Stop the Team programming at 12 weeks out from your selection start date and move to their Selection Prep course.https://soflete.com/pages/train-with-ushttps://soflete.com/products/soflete-selection-prepIt's going to suck, but it's going to do more for your readiness than anything else.>Everything you know about tactical fitness is wrong. For the majority of the coaches and trainers reading this, this is true.  There are a few guys in the game doing things the right way, and those that are seem to exist in the shadows. Outcasts from the community of bodyweight ninjas and kettle bell aficionados, there is a group of guys who are implementing sprinting, heavy lifting, and stamina based training.>Let's get this clarification out of the way. There is a fundamental difference between stamina and endurance. Endurance is defined as the ability to continue or last, especially despite fatigue. It is the ability to put one foot in front of the other, and there is no doubt that endurance certainly has its place in some circles. This is extremely apparent in any form of SOF Selection. >Stamina is defined as Strength of physical constitution. Words mean things, and stamina has strength at its forefront- meaning you must have strength in order to have stamina. In athletic capabilities, this means you cant have true stamina without a basis of strength. This is the basis of our training, and although we can explain it in literary terms, it is deeply rooted in decades of experience. Hard lessons learned by the SOFLETE coaches in actual Special Operations experience. With backgrounds as SEALs, MARSOC Raiders, Green Berets, and Recon Marines (as well as instructors for Assessment and Selection, BRC, SQT, and SW), we know the physical demands of Selection processes as well as demands of an operational team. Possibly more important- we realize that preparing for a selection is an event specific training regimen and the physical necessities are different from when you are actually in a team.  >I want to be able to pick up the heaviest guy on my team and run with him.>I was talking with a Major who had become a Green Beret before I graduated middle school, joined the military, or started chasing this thing called fitness. We were discussing fitness, and how the job unfortunately often led to not being able to workout enough due to time constraints and operational commitments. We were talking about different movements and training goals. He told me he cared less about his two mile run time. His focus was on his ability to save the lives of his men. Somehow, without knowing it he hit the nail on the head. Every time I hear somebody tell a guy in the military they see no need to go that heavy or they only need to have good conditioning and be able to move their own body, I cringe. Sure, a typical day in the military isnt carrying your friends after they get shot and having to run with them. By the same token, a typical day in the military isnt slinging lead with terrorists for twelve hours and having to speed reload your rifle because youre burning it down so much. However, I offer this:>In every aspect of military training we prepare for the extremes, the worst case scenario, the unknown and the unplanned. We train for this because even if you do everything perfect- you can still die.>When is the last time you did a medical package and practiced how to give your buddy ibuprofen, and get some rest? In over a decade of combat we must have learned that failure does not occur in the mundane but rather the extremes. Just like walking a patrol, the majority of your work is pretty mundane - youre walking wearing kit in the heat and that sucks. Injuries and failures do not occur during the majority of your steps, they occur in the mistakes, the anomalies, and the few seconds in time where you move into the extremes of your work. Jumping a wadi, tripping over a rock, sprinting to cover, diving into cover, and picking up something in an odd position are where injuries occur. Its not in the perfect step on flat ground that you twist an ankle. >Now imagine you are of the train of thought that conditioning is all you need and the most weight you ever work with in the gym (a controlled environment) is your body weight, or an additional 100 or so pounds. If you weigh 200 pounds and youre used to working with an additional 60lbs of kit and a 53lb kettlebell, the most weight you are used to working with or conditioned to work with is roughly 313 pounds in total - and this is in a controlled linear fashion. Imagine now you are in combat, again wearing 60lbs of kit, and you have to jump across a wadi to continue a patrol. The force exerted on your body is exponentially higher than 313 pounds. Even worse is the fact that these forces are hitting your body at a faster rate than you have ever prepared for. With true strength training, as well as training your ability to perform large amounts of work over and over again with short breaks, you bolster your ability to go through operational life uninjured. >You do not rise to the occasion; rather you sink to your level of training.>When you are asking or thinking What is SOFLETE?, this is the answer: Were a team of rough men who understand our operational environment. We understand how the human body works, we understand its capabilities, and we understand how to increase those capabilities and human performance. We offer simple programming solutions to complex problems with an emphasis on strength, stamina, and rehabilitation. We afford our training team the ability to track their performance work loads to better enhance those attributes. Most importantly, we hate seeing lazy athletic trainers, especially if they are training our brothers in arms.
What physical activities will you need to perform in special forces?How are you as a runner?
Look at the Tactical Barbell books.  They're specifically made for SWAT, Military, police, etc. Also /r/tacticalbarbell
There are some programs in the wiki for those who serve.
mostly will be rucksacking, pull ups , sit ups, etc. But i will have to carry guns, other ppl, etc thats why i need the extra strength and the extra gym help.I do 1.5 miles in around 7 to 8 minutes depending on the day.
i saw the programs but none was specific to what i need. I can do push-ups, sit-ups etc,without much search but i was really looking for a twice a day, 6 day workout, that can help me out building strenght and endurance.MFT 28 would be the one (or at least the closest) to pick but from what ive read most of the nutrition and some stuff is impossible to do in a gym.
Ok.  That sounds like mostly endurance and intensive endurance work, with strength demends that are probably within your reach already.If it were me I'd be ramping up my running volume as quickly as I could handle.  I wouldn't be concerned about improving my pace - 1.5 in 7-8 is a solid time.  I'd want to rack up miles / week.In addition, I'd be doing a relatively low intensity, high volume (e.g. 10s and 15s) routine in the gym with as much focus on large compound spine-loading movements as is possible (usually high volume work uses assistance exercises, but that won't transfer as well to moving with awkward / heavy loads).  Work in farmer's walks at the end of each workout if possible.  Consider opening your workouts with a power exercise like the clean.
I'm not aware of any programs that have you going to the gym two times a day; but in regards to the 6 times a week request, Metallica's 6 day/wk Linear Progression and the 6-day squat version of 5/3/1 are great programs that will definitely help your strength and endurance.
You're describing exactly what SOFLETE is, and it's linked as a program you said doesn't fit your needs.
Yeah, but it's only a sample, since u need to pay for the rest. 
So you can buy airsoft guns, but not SOF specific programming from SOF?  What country did you say you've got a selection slot in?
Well i would prefer not to spend money if not needed. I asked a opinion , and im glad you help but no need to start randomly getting angry.
Not angry, I'm trying to get you to question your priorities and if this selection is really right for you.  Hopefully you come to terms with it before you wash out and get stuck in some dead end filler job after they cut you.
