We over at /r/musicmemes enjoy music humor, but have the same number of fans as a garage band.We've been Haydn from you because we're too hot to Handel.
/r/glitches_gone_sexual
/r/fishpost
/r/bloopers
r/guyswearingcrazyhats 
/r/grimdank 
r/feghoot- really long joke stories with a really lame punchline. it's a specific type of shaggy dog story.
r/badcommercials, just found them today, in my opinion a terribly underrated sub. 100 subcount and I spent over an hour laughing my ass off.
r/Frasiermemes
/r/unfortunateplacement
/r/memeyourenthusiasm
Know a funny subreddit? Help us ruin it *right now!*
About to dump some of my finer memes into there
Beautiful, damn this sub needs more content!
Definitely. 
Khajit is tired of your antics 
Curiosity caged the cat. 
Sure glad you set a live trap.
cat playing possum :)
Possums are actually good to have around. They might look nasty but they're quite beneficial. They don't really do any harm to your stuff. They keep away the rodents who do harm your stuff. They love to eat ticks and other nasty insects that will harm you. Unless there is a necessary reason to get rid of them, it's wise to leave them be.
Wow, amazing whiskers!
I've heard that bananas are a good trap bait because cats and dogs generally aren't interested in bananas, so there's less risk of trapping a pet. However, if your cat is just wandering into traps out of curiosity, there's not much you can do.
This is the kinda cat that doesn't meow.  It makes a protracted Heeeeeeeeey sound
We got a trap like this from the vet so we could get a stray cat spayed, but [we caught a possum instead](http://imgur.com/7WzPEBN.jpg).
I used those traps with cat food to capture stay cats to neuter them. I caught my fat orange cat 4 times. The vet asked us to stop trying to neuter him.
When I was trying to trap the raccoon that killed my Easter Egger pullet, Tom Brunanski, I trapped Stupid the Neighbourhood cat twice, Jerry Remy, my Leghorn cockerel twice, and a baby skunk in the 5 days I had the thing. 
To be fair, all cats are idiots. And cute. Fuck. So cute....
We had some strays (mother and four kittens) around our place and set that same type of trap out. Caught them one after another, two kittens were right beside the trap when it caught one of the other kittens and they still got caught later on. Apparently they do not learn too well. 
Opossums are omnivores. Put some fruit out there to catch an opossum,  a cat won't care about it. 
That's cat food in the trap.  I'd say you're the bigger idiot. 
Australian here. We set one of these once to catch a feral cat that was hanging around our property. We managed to catch a Tasmanian devil. It ate the cat food inside... porcelean plate and all. 
You're the idiot. Keep you pets indoors when you have traps setup. Even if it is an outdoor cat.
Happened to my cat once. Found her that night in the pouring rain yelling for me to come get her out of it. Suffice to say she learned her lesson and never got stuck in the trap again. 
Your bait is cat food though... so you caught a cat. Seems right to me
What the fuck, Steve. Get me out of here
The title should be When an idiot sets a live trap and leaves their cat outside.
QC cat says the trap is good. 
My childhood neighbor caught one of our barn cats several times. She just loved to explore. Her nickname was Houdini, bc she had a way of getting out of cages, (but not the traps).  It didn't help that she was grey and had a short smooth coat, and one eye. But she had the most dainty paws and loved to climb and roll in the gravel driveway and rub her back as she pulled herself along the tarp over the woodpile. And her name was...Jaws. I miss her and the rest of our gang. I moved away 5 years ago and my parent sold the property last year. (The new owners said they wanted the barn cats, thank God!)
Well....at least he's quite handsome. All beauty....no brains. 
Be careful, an opossum will kill a cat that is trapped. I have one of these Have-a-Heart traps and sometimes I catch squirrels and when I check the trap in the morning they are half eaten. The opossums can reach in and the animal is helpless in the trap.
Despite all his rage, he is still just a cat in a cage!
50 Shades of Spay
Keep your cat inside.
To be fair you're the Idiot not the cat. If your trying to catch a possum via trap don't let the cat outside till the possum is caught. Animals tend to want to eat when they are hungry ya dip shit.
Why do you want to trap them? They are awesome.  They eat ticks and pests and don't have rabies.  Let them hang out!
Why are tuxedo cats always idiots?
But that looks exactly like a cat trap I use to catch strays to have them fixed. 
That face says Help me you asshole!
I actually used one of those traps to get the cat I have now.
When you call your cat an idiot while your downspout destroys your foundation 
pls hooman....floof is trap....ned help
Hey, a hotdog's a hotdog. 
Looks like New Zealand
How could you do this to me human...
That's how I ended up with my current cat.  Friend called and said his crazy cat lady neighbor was moving out and would I like one of the many outside cats she used to feed.  I said sure and we used a live trap to get her.  The next week the new owners of the house put out food laced with antifreeze and poisoned the rest of them.
You are surprised your cat goes into a trap that has food in it?
When my brother (whom I lived with) bought some property, it came trashed and with freshly evicted tweaks...Getting rid of the tweaks was easy, the dogs left behind, not so much...Most were friendly and no problem, a few were able to be chased off,  and eventually never seen from again...But this one Chow, mean and dangerous... So we naturally called the Humane society expecting to see a dog catcher chase this Cujo with a snare on a pole... NOPE... they don't do that...What they did do was let us rent a large dog live  trap...Yep... caught my dog several times and my brother (aged 4 at the time) twice... Ended up having to shoot the dog... 
Is it not Opossom?
Stop upvoting shit, people.
Human, get meowth of here.
I use a similar trap for rabbits. Every day I come home to a new bird. 
That's the look of a cat that wants to kill you in your sleep, because you injured its dignity.
Kitty got treats now hooman needs to let kitty out or kitty will have to get cross with hooman.
Khajiit has done nothing. Khajiit is innocent of this crime.
Lol I have a cat named possum 
help friends, a possum tricked me! 
Hey mine too! http://imgur.com/Zssv88r
He looks so betrayed. 
Same thing happened to my cat and it was hilarious.  
Release me, Kajhiit is innocent of this crime
Cat. 
Gosh dang it, Bobby!That Cat ain't right. 
My neighbors yorkie did the same thing, in a trap I had put close to a creek. Took him back still in the cage. Hug your kitty!
We set out live traps for raccoons. Hey, cats love peanut butter too I guess. So I ended up with a feral cat next morning. It was cold out too. I opened that door and it was a flying cat for the first few seconds. 
Poor baby!!!
Aww, poor tuxedo baby looks just like mine. 
This is how we used to catch cats who would come around.Set with an empty or almost empty tuna can, Rinse cat, and set loose.I always wondered how the owners reacted when their cats came home soaking wet. 
Help me human!
Hooman, let me out of this thing, I order you 
Possum?! Hardly know'em!
That's not a cat, that's a possum playing cat-possum. Don't be fooled!
I thought it said potassium trap and I was extremely confused because I didn't see a banana. Rip me 
96.1 not too shabby, fill her up bud!
Cute though.
Haha this made me laugh!! 
I tried to catch a fox doing this. Caught my cat and I figured he'd learned his lesson. Came back the next day and there was my cat Stupid in the damn trap. Every damn day he'd get his dumbass locked in it till I just gave up.
Or... A possum in disguise 
Ahahah!!
we had the same result, except that our cat was a siamese and we were trying to trap a raccoon.
Too cute. All is forgiven.
When you put Catfood in a live trap what do you expect? If you put possom food in there you might have had better luck. 
Happens frequently. Especially when you bait the trap with cat food, as seen in OP's pic.
I caught a raccoon in one of these traps once. That thing was terrifying.
Did you just assume your cat's species? How do you know it doesn't identify as an opossum!? Or trans...not that you argued that, but you should check.
The cat isn't an idiot, it's an animal. Presumably the trap was bated with something, so the cat went into it. You can't expect cats to understand things like that...?
HUMAN!  YOUR BETRAYAL SHALL NOT GO UNNOTICED NOW FREE ME FROM THIS INFERNAL CONTRAPTION!
Lol our poor barn cat has fallen victum to this. Try and trap the racoon only to  find the cat in the trap. He is a special one at times.
When you set a live trap andvexpext to actually catch what you set it girFtfy
Haha. And you can tell the poor guy is full of anguish. 
OP's the idiot, cat is fine.
have you checked if your cat is secretly an opossum wearing cat ears
Good thing he's cute...
I've been seeing a ton of cats that look just like my [new](http://i.imgur.com/O06zgnW.jpg) [kitty](http://imgur.com/ZPyCh3O) lately. Is this common?
You have cat to be kitten me right meow!
Me and my ex had 16 strays out side was geting them in that trap like that for a farm house and all but one would go in I nick named him nemesis and when we moved he was there to show me who's boss 
Can confirm, my dog did the same thing.http://i.imgur.com/5KBNImz.jpg
Classic Paxton:http://imgur.com/u4I8ogi
Khajit would like you to post its bail for it.
Same thing happened to me. I'm trying to catch a coon that keeps eating all my cats food. 
Possums are masters of disguise, don't fall for this obvious trick.
Dumb ass cats
Every.  Fucking. Time.
Um...I can explain.
my first awww of 2017... please treasure it
I'm drunk and read it as potassium trap. was expecting banana, am disappointed. 
I've had a similar situation (to catch a koi fish killing racoon) but my chickens kept going in and getting caught.
Hoomon! Halp!
You're lucky it was your trap and not a neighbors. 
His eyes are like Michael Jackson's at the end of Thriller.
It's a trapppppppppp
Dude, I have the same cat
Is it hissing ferally; or is it meowing timidly? That's what you can't tell.
Hey this looks like my idiot cat 
Seriously, my sisters cat looks like your cat and she always gets trapped in the restroom(it swings closed). I swear she has a short term memory caused I opened the door one time while snapping to my sister. The cat comes out and by the time I send the snap the cat has already gone back in and the door closed on her. By far the most hilarious dunce moment I've witnessed.
He's just hungweeeeeeeee!
Just be glad you used a live trap.  :) 
What OP doesn't know is that the trap actually did catch a possum. The Cat was smart enough to let he trap do its job, and then it snuck in and ate the possum.Cats are basically mini lions.
This exact thing happened to me. Few years ago I was house sitting for brother and I came by his house after work (2nd shift). One of his outside cats was caught in a raccoon trap he set out. And it was raining. I had to call him at 2am to figure out how to get his cat out.They are no longer outside cats. [Kitty in question](http://imgur.com/i008r)
When I worked wildlife damage control, this was a weekly occurrence. Especially with feral cats... and they don't like it. 
That look on his face is priceless!
A possum is likely smarter than your average housecat
* Opossum. 
Keep your cat inside. So much safer. 
Stop letting your cat out
Or, the owner is stupid for setting up a trap and letting the cat out..
Cat's face days hurrrrrrrrr
You're supposed to shoot possums, not trap them. They're an ecological pest.
Happened to my landlord two weeks ago.  Set out a trap to catch skunks.  Ended up with cats.  Probably shouldn't have used cat food as bait.
Let him out!
look at those whiskers!! incredible
This exact scenario happened with my mom the other day except the kitty is feral. I told her to keep it, but they really can't right now. 
Seems like he's not too happy in there 
Idiots don't fall to possum traps, possums do.
When you're an idiot and set a possum trap without thinking of your cat
That is one fantastic tuxedo kitty.10/10, would pet frequently.
r/TheCatTrapIsWorking/
Had this happen before with my stupid ass cat. There wasn't even any food in there. 
No way, your cat is totally pawesome.
*an opossum Edit: I thought it had two 'p's.
This doesn't mean your cat is an idiot. It means your cat is a cat. We know it's a trap. We made the trap. We named it a trap. The cat doesn't know it's a trap. It just sees a nook with food. 
On the other hand. . . a few years ago, my roommate brought home what we assumed was a male stray from near her office, and let it loose in the area, so it would have more room to roam and be around other cats. My roommate already had 4 cats that lives there and they came in an out of the house as they pleased. One night, we saw the cat come in for some food, and it's belly was dragging on the ground. Yup, it was a female cat, and she got pregnant withing 3 weeks of being brought over. We set several traps for her, both before and after the babies were born, but before we caught her, we caught a possum. Ugly little bastard. Let him go though. We eventually caught the cat and her kittens, and I saw how she wasn't getting caught. She was such a small and light cat, that she would get into the cage, onto the weight mechanism, and it just wouldn't trigger. So she got a bunch of free meals. when we finally caught her, it was because I scared her and she jumped, triggering the mechanism finally. She was too feral so we spayed her and released. The kittens, got spayed and neutered, and then sent off to some lady on a farm.I still think it's funny that the possum fell for the cat food in the trap though.
If only getting Pussy was always this easy
We'll.. you did use cat food as bait.
I have the opposite problem.  Set a trap to catch stray cats, end up with baby possum.
Why is he an idiot? Because a mammalo cannot be expected to fall for a trap intended for another mammal?
You set a small animal trap and bait it with cat food.... And are suprised you caught a cat?
[I caught a Tasmanian Devil in a cat trap.](http://imgur.com/a/MkDPP)
You see..what had happened was...
When you forgot to feed kitty.When kitty saw possum and decided in the cage was the safest possible place.When kitty wants attention.
Fuck, this is exactly how I killed my favorite barn cat. Check your traps people!
You know it's funny. My indoor cat once escaped, and I tried using one of these traps, and caught a family of opossums instead of my cat. My cat eventually came back, but he decreed that he was no longer an indoor cat...
Hey...
Idk what you think makes that a possum trap, I use it to trap stray cats
There's another reason why you shouldn't leave your cat outdoors.
*Opossum for fucks sake.
PLOT TWIST! Your cat is a possum in disguise
I swear if I see that shit on reddit
Technically that is a live animal trap.
Meanwhile, I am pooping and my cat is meowing for me to pet her while being a millimeter away from my reach in order to get said pets. 
Happens five times a year. We love our risky cat.
BUST ME OUT BRROOOOOOOO!!!!! 
Being an Aussie, I was genuinely wondering why you'd want to trap [a possum](http://www.anbg.gov.au/gardens/visiting/exploring/fauna/mammals/b-possum.jpg).Then I realised you must mean one of those freaky American possums.
Or its a repost of someone who wanted to trap a cat that was a pain in the ass. 
But it's a box, so it's irresistible.
At least it's an adorable idiot.
Was confused because I read the title wrong, read it as potassium trap I've done this before :(
This is hilarious! I laughed so hard I woke my dog up 
Relevant: dragonsandgridirons.com
Who is the idiot? It's a food trap, it's in the cats rooming area. 
Marshmallows. Out here in the country we use marshmallows to catch stuff other than barn cats. 
Your trap looks pretty new! How do you know your cat is fighting possums? ...possums don't put up much of a fight. They will show their teach, but rarely use them. Cats are more likely to fight with raccoons over food; or with other cats over territory. Last year I caught 18 raccoons, 3 possums, and 2 cats. 
Literally every time!!! I have a possum trap and every time i check its either a chicken or a cat. But one time, both the chicken and the cat were in the cage like dumbasses!
The face of pure fear
Mistakes were made.
I read this as a potassium trap, expecting a banana. 
Well I can't blame the cat, I see cat food.
Possumopossumopossumopossum
Not an idiot, just predictable. It's a cat dude, and clearly an indoor/outdoor cat.Love to cats!
I want set a tenant who left over a dozen cats. I went to the animal shelter to see what they could do for me and they gave me that exact cage. Which I've been used to capture a dozen different cats and bring them up there one at a time.Point being those cages are very effective and catching cats. I cannot speak to them catching possums but I can speak to them catching cats. 
/r/teefies
We caught our neighbors cat and it was there for like 3 days before we noticed lol
Cat: PLZ HALP.
Just how big is this possum you are trying to catch?
His spirit animal is definitely a dog. Look at that expression! 
I read that as Potassium trap, was very confused.
The cat isn't an idiot. It doesn't know. I expect downvotes because Reddit doesn't like when you go against the circle jerk. I have outside cats and also feed my possums and raccoons. If I were to set a trap like this, all of them would fall for it because they don't know. As a person that has possums, raccoons, rabbits, squirrels, armadillos, etc,  naturally living around my home, I can't imagine trying to trap them for any reason. They are animals doing what they do. I seriously don't get it.
Cageingers cat 
dispose of cat like possum 
Let meowt 
Quick, let's put the cat inside our Have A Heart trap and take a picture for REDDIT-UPBOATS!
This is one of the best cat photos I have ever seen!
A good many possums met .22s when eating cat food out on the farm...
When you see a Reddit post about *Opossoms* and OP is an idiot.
Seems like you're the idiot if you're setting traps in your yard where you cat roams.
Please don't trap opossums :(
M'aiq is done talking. 
Khajit has wares if you have coin
Tired? So that is what he does when he is tired?
Why do I see you everywhere
Yeah well, our hero is tired of the opossum. So khajit, it seems we are at an impasse.
Khajit is innocent of this crime
KJit Cat traps United   Your cats are not true Jhajits!  
He paid the iron price this time, he did.
So there is life on Mars?
That cat isn't even caged. If you've ever used one of those traps you'd notice the panel that drops the door is still raised. Not only is it raised, but it is so far up you'd practically have to ask the animal to lay on it to apply enough pressure to drop the door. Been there, done that. Had plenty of raccoons take my bait and bail until I figured it out.OP shoved his cat in the trap and took a picture for fake internet points.
At least it didn't Cage the Elephant.
This is THE reason you use a live trap. More likely to catch a cat than a possum.
What else could it be? 
Nothing is impossumble
I wouldn't mind the ones that chill around my house except that they like to tear open the screens leading under the house (raised foundation) and crawl around down there when I'm trying to sleep. I've relocated around 5 of them in the last year. My neighbor keeps cat food in their front yard for the local cats so the possums figure they've got it made with food and shelter. They seem to really like canned tuna, since that's what i usually put in the traps. Only caught a cat once and it seemed ashamed when I let it go.
They've been getting into fights with my outdoor cats though.. can't have that. So into the woods they go!
Yeah. They're all fun and dandy until their nesting causes part of your living room ceiling to cave in. 
That's funny you say that, possums are actually a huge pest in New Zealand, and can absolutely ruin trees and orchards  
I think you'll find the possums in Australia are very different to the opossums you get in North America.
Bullshit. If you have fruit trees they tske s bite out of everything just before its ripe. Also id love to see a reference to back up this tick eating claim.And cats... should not be allowed outside in suburbia . The amount of birds snd lizards they kill is huge. They also stalk my chickens
They have fleas and their fleas come up through the floorboards into my animal free house through the crawl space. Possums are no good. 
Except if you live in a country where they're a massive ecological pest. Then you shoot them on site.
Thank you for this. It's so true
I wonder if the people who threaten murder against people who use traps have any experience with pests themselves. Sure, they're cute and all and if they don't do anything, there's no need. But a majority of the time, they shit and piss and mess up the house and I then lose any feeling of mercy.
So a cat? 
The possums here love to pull stuff out of my retarded neighbor's unsecured garbage to munch on behind the bushes in my yard.  Always fun finding things like used diapers spread all over your back yard in the morning.  Screw possoms.
Unfortunately, they eat chickens, thus making them a varmint. We have to either shoot them, or catch them in a livetrap and relocate them.
Possums destroy all of my plants and have killed one of my cats.Cats take care of the rodents, so I don't see why anyone would want a nasty possum, that will keep you awake at night when they fight on your tin roof.
So basically, they're better than a cat
This cat is really photogenic. So pretty.
I have a mini schnauzer...He loses his fucking mind over Bananas. He'd be the first one in the trap
Ive trapped several dozen opossums and raccoons and the one thing I would recommend is having your cat spend the night in one of these. They wont do it a 2nd time. Edit: also anything that gives off a disgusting greasy smell works great, chicken mcnuggets are my go-to.
I have 5 labradors who go absolutely bananas whenever I begin peeling a banana. Or carrots, turnips, parsley roots, ...idk they are labradors they eat anything..
My boxer would leave me to die for bananas, they're second only to pineapple in her food hierarchy.
My Great Dane goes bananas when she sees bananas. She loves them. We had to hide them in the cupboard because she'd take the whole bundle off the counter... 
> Schtzenmine 42My inlaws' dog loves bananas. Especially dried ones.
Bananas are literally my dog's favorite food. He hears one being peeled from another room and he's there.
My cat isn't an outdoor one, but considering how curious he is about any sort of enclosed space, I'm sure he'd get stuck in just about every trap around if he was outside.
Got a cat that does this and it looks just like OPs cat. So annoying 
Better trade with OP. Seems like you got your traps mixed up.
It doesn't seem to be thrilled.
Same happened to us but instead of a possum we caught a raccoon that came in through the cat door.
Me too.  Trying to catch feral cats for spay/neuter with my humane traps I keep catching possums and raccoons.  Then I have to go get the neighbor to take them away and let them go someplace else because I'm too scared to touch the traps with possums or raccoons in them.  Ick.  Feral cats are smart.
That's a weird lookin' cat there mister...
At least you're not using lasagne as bait.
We tried our hand in trapping 'coons, asshole wound up destroying one good trap and bending one until the door came loose.I wound up spotlighting the bastard just as he tried to break out of another. Big old bastard weighed in at 40 lbs.
They never really learn to cross the street either.  
My cat loves strawberries and canteloup.
That doesn't work very well since fruits don't have scents that travel.
Came here to post this. The title is bullshit or they used the cat's bowl/food because the possum eats out of it.  Either way, the human is the stupid one. 
Roughly the same size at least. Was it one that had the face tumours? Would have been handy catch if it did
Not to mention it appears it's baited with..... Cat food.
Aw poor kitty. Learned her lesson the hard way.
This 
Damn, that's scary.
Raccoons too. When we cared for a feral cat colony raccoons and possums were the worst cat killers, since it was near woodlands.Nothing like watching an injured bobcat swoop in and catch a full grown cat only a few feet in front of you either. There is a reason my pet cats are indoor only.
Damn straight. Outdoor cats kill wildlife and tend to have shorter lifetimes than indoor cats.
No fuck off.
and if the cat eats the food, then it also catches a possum, the possum could see the cat as food or vice versa
They are my favorite variety no matter what.
Who cleans up all those dead cats and how is nobody asking questions about 20 dead cats littering the neighborhood?
Keep your cat inside. Much safer. 
If it was a legit feral why didn't you have it euthanized? Feral cats wreak havoc on native species.
Same! I even hoped the top comment would be about why cats like potassium.
No. Cats are idiots. 
Keep your cats inside then it won't be an issue. 
Sorry to hear that. how long were you in the cage?
they're so cute tho
a possum opossum 
I'm imagining a banana being trapped in there now lol
some people dont live on a farm and cant afford to have a dangerous animal like a possum roaming on or around their property regularly. Dangerous? Yes. Because if my dog or cat got in a fight with a possum, and lost, there is a potential for death or medical bills. 
I suspect OP is an Aussie and has possums living in his roof. 
Both spellings are accepted and you are just a sad fat man
M'aiq is tired now. Go bother somebody else. 
I wish my cat would sell me drugs.
But not if you capture Khajit.
You 
That's not what the iron price is at all. You have to kill someone and steal their gold. Cat didn't kill anyone. 
Love the reference. :^)
Bowie thought so.
Sam Tyler thought so.
Eh, depends on how much you like cats.
Leg trap, snare, mouse trap (wikipedia calls them body gripping), and there are a few other options.
Those little wooden bastards the mine detectors can't pick up You know, a Schtzenmine 42
A claymore.
Something that fucks its shit up. 
Schrodinger's Box.
Did you really think live traps were the only kind?? 
3 drag queens and the last Pall Mall
A trap that kills or maims like a bear trap does I assume
landmine.
Pre-recorded infront of a live studio audience trap.
There's this thing called a Tim's trap. It's a box with a hole in one side. You put bait inside of it. Along comes a possum, sticks its head in the hole, and bang, a thing comes down and breaks its neck. Sort of like a giant mouse trap inside a box. Generally the hole is only wide enough for possums, but you can always widen the hole if you have a crazy cat lady living next door. 
i feeline you. 
*possimpable
I hate you for this pun QQ take my +1
I actually raised a baby opossum for a while after she was almost killed by the pest control guys at my dad's work. She was very skinny and had a mangled toe, dad brought her home since I'm an animal lover and I cleaned up her foot as well as did plenty of research on her diet. Eventually I was able to get her to use a  litter box and then let her have free run of the house, putting morsels of food here and there so she had to scavenge for herself.She eventually ran off when the door was left open, which may have been for the best since she's a wild animal, but I greatly enjoyed her company. She was awesome to have around.[Here's a pic](http://i.imgur.com/r6VHUHo.jpg)
Elderly neighbor had a family of possums come up through somehow the crawl space under her house and set up house in spare bedroom closet.  She was in ill health so it took her a while to figure out -- that's how they had the opportunity to set up home in the closet.  I am guessing it was mama first and the babies came later.
If you are in Australia, then you have killed 5 possums. If its the Opossum, then I know nothing about them, carry on.You cannot relocate adult possums unless you really know what you are doing. 
Maybe chicken wire might be better than mesh screens?
Not to mention they will often crawl under houses to die 
You can contact the local city or county animal control and have them check into if they actually have pets and have rabies tags for all of them.  Most cities and counties have codes and laws requiring rabies vaccinations to be maintained for their pets.Your neighbor may be promoting rabid animals to be around your area and that is no good.(I know, it's OT, but it's the best way to deal with good samaritans that leave food outside for wildlife.)
Suggest chicken wire over screen frame.
Put up a metal screen instead of fiberglass. They won't be able to tear it open.
This is an easy fix - just get wire fencing (heavy gauge) instead of screening.  If you want to be extra sure it keeps animals out, make an L-footer when installing it.  See [here](http://www.humanesociety.org/animals/resources/tips/digging_animals_fence.html) for good instructions on how to do this properly.  
put your screen doors on the inside of your door frame and you won't have this problem. 
It's much safer for kitties to be inside or supervised outside only. Better for vulnerable wildlife like birds and amphibians too!
That's because cats are not native species and absolutely horrible for the rest of the environment. I hope you're getting the cats fixed to at least limit the damage you're doing by supporting them.
When my husband was younger, there was a family of raccoons living in the attic. They pissed in the insulation, and it got heavy enough to collapse through to his bedroom. Luckily, he had just gotten out of bed.
Nesting animal's feces in crawlspace/attic= fungi spores=really-difficult-to-kick respiratory infections
Yeah, possums we have here are fucking pests. They destroy the native forests and wildlife. If you ever see one on the road, make sure to swerve to hit it.
Possums are also a huge pest and endanger native flora and fauna at North Keppel Island off the coast of Queensland.Source: recently visited there for university.
The Australian opposum is not related to the North American opposum. Except in name.
Let me guess possums in Australia will fucking murder you some how. 
Maybe it's chickens that shouldn't be allowed in suburbia
Cats shouldn't be in bloody rural areas either, we would shoot them if we could do so, they kill all the native birds
Cats won't get rid of ticks like a possum would. Cats also wreak havoc on all the other native species so they're much more harmful. 
to be fair the problem here sounds like your neighbour 
i cant believe you didn't say he goes bananas for bananas 
At least going to the vet is easy, don't even have to track him down. :p
My dad set out a cage trap to get a skunk that was setting up shop under the house. The neighbor's cat was caught in the trap no less than 10 times over a two week period. Clearly not the brightest cat
Can I get an 11pc nugget?
Loaded one live trap with half a Snickers. Two hours later, meow? had to spring one idiot Siamese.  Another two hours later, meow?, guess what?  Same damned fool back in it.  He had such a sweet tooth that he could not stand it.BUT! Four hours later *CLANG!* One juvenile possum that had been tearing up the tool bench. He got his butt booted out by the airport.
And bees.
This. Labradors are so food crazed it is literally scary sometimes. It is probably why they make for easy training. Bananas are the all time favorite of my two labs, they would get caught in a trap if banana was the bait.
Did you keep it? 
My cat loves cantaloup too! She also loves corn.
Says who?
In my experience that's the only way cats learn lessons.
But a higher quality of life, no?
They can be very handsome but all the ones I've had have been so dumb. I had one that would chase his tail until dizzy and pass out. I had one that liked playing fetch, and if you threw the mouse and it hit the wall, so did the cat. 
Small town Kansas.  Nobody cared.
Hes nearly 12 years old,and ive tried to bring him inside.But he gets mad after about 10 minutes and starts scratching at the door.He just prefers it I guess.
M'aiq does not appreciate your attitude.
This is an attainable dream, you just aren't high enough yet. 
I wish my drugs would sell me cats. 
Khajiit not like it when you stare in slave cage with that creepy look on your face, Outlander.
It's an outdoor cat, it has a kill count higher than almost any human.
Who made you definer of words, ButtsexEurope?
There was a possum in there once...
_Goodbye, Moonmen_
Well, he knew about the guitar-playing spiders anyway.
Body grippin sounds like a goddamn UFC takedown move. I'll take a KFC Triple down with some spicy leg quarters glittered on that bitch
Grrr Leg Traps piss me off so much.  Saw a story on reddit the other day about a bald eagle getting snared and trying to fly away...So much outrage over that one case but that shit happens all the time around here.  You'd think Montanans who love with outdoors would respect the native animals.
Just had the mental image of a cat tripping a bear trap off. 
It's not body gripping part that kills them, though. It's the snapping vertebrae part that kills. 
What year is it?
I've always been preferential to the conibear trap myselfhttp://www.trap-anything.com/images/31GFC2VVQQL.jpg
Saving private Ryan brah
Settle down, Swanson 
Not sure if you mean the landmine or the big-ass sword.I choose to believe you'd hire an angry sword-wielding Scotsman to hunt down opossums.
Pandora's box
The world is alive with possumbilities 
Impossumbru
That's adorable.  My only experience with a possum was not a pleasant one.  
That's great! They look kinda cute when they're younger and haven't been through too many fights. I always felt like I was doing them a favor by driving them a few miles away instead of calling animal control. If they loved somewhere else in my yard that wasn't under the house I probably wouldn't care. Maybe I should build a possum enclosure and see if they'll live in it and leave my house alone.
I thought you are a woman. I got rekt and deserve so.
That's a really sweet photo
Aww that's adorable! Now me on the other hand came home from a night of drinking, a monster possum was on the front porch, I hopped out of the cab and slept in my car I had left at home, you are a better human than I.
Did she actually cuddle with you??
Also, how'd the opossum behave?  Was it playful at all? Affectionate? Curious? Reserved?
I did not expect to see a grown ass man with that possum
I'm in the US and I take them to some local drainage reservoir that's somewhat near some neighborhoods. I imagine there's food and water to be found around there and it's far enough from my place that they won't make their way back. Hopefully they're not just dying, but I imagine if I called animal control to remove them they'd likely meet a similar fate.
Does dropping them off on pei count as knowing what im doing
Yeah, I gotta find a permanent solution. The previous owners cemented flat rocks onto the sides of the house and these rocks overlap the screens that are there already. To replace them I'd need to break the rocks off. But those possums are strong and seem like they can rip and dig pretty well. Maybe they have help from the raccoons...
Yeah... They also have a couple small horses, couple chickens, and a dog or 2. It's like living near a farm except that I'm in a pretty suburban area. I kinda like it, actually, as I'm sure the cats keeps smaller rodents at bay, but that activity probably creates lazier *o*possums that have nothing better to do than build bachelor pads under my house. Good to know if it ever gets out of hand though, thanks. I'd just hate to to have people from the city investigate and find out they shouldn't have horses. They seem to love those things and I like hearing them make their horse noises every now and then. Or when I'm in the yard and it's quiet then suddenly it sounds like someone turned on a garden hose.
That's actually a pretty easy fix it looks like, especially since it says the L part doesn't need to be buried.
These are the metal screen things that block the small vents that lead underneath the house to the little crawl space. The little bastards tear them like they're made of paper.
Idk I grew up with indoor/outdoor cats (they'd spend all day outside and all night inside) and aside from gross dead animal bodies on our back porch, and the occasional fight with another cat, I think living inside and out is the happiest a cat can be. Obviously you don't want to just leave them out all the time exposed to the elements, but I see cats that are stuck inside 24/7 and they almost always eventually get fat and depressed like a lion in a zoo. Cats need to run around and hunt birds and rabbits and have beef with other cats and appreciate being inside I think. Just my .02. Obviously where you live has a lot to do with it. We lived in a suburb in a small town with about a half acre of trees and open yard for our cat to run around in. He was always very fit and aside from the occasional scratch or bite mark on him (which we'd always get checked out by a vet) I truly think he lived a much happier life than if we had kept him inside. Imagine all the adventures he went on! He owned that fucking yard! Rabbits and birds and other cats didn't dare come through our yard lest they end up on the back deck with their innards spilled out. I love how he would leave them there, not eat them at all, both as a present to his humans and as a warning to other animals.I miss ya TC. 96-2012.
Had barn cats when I was a kid, they always go hunt mice and birds. Slept in the barn at night. Really good cats to have around.
What would Gareth Morgan say? 
IDK why this is controversial. It's true. Also, they live longer and healthier lives in a well-cared-for home environment.  Them's just facts. 
People are pretty horrible for the environment too. If you're willing to make a house somewhere then adding a cat isn't too much harm. I agree with getting cats fixed tho. They become a problem when they reproduce 
 Aren't you fun. 
Northeastern US Raccoons have mites in their feces (no idea how this type of mite is isolated to one animal; feel free to ELI5. My state's website lists them as a hazard specifically) that you can catch from contact with the animal or its poop. Nothing listed about mites and opossums. They have higher rabies rates than opossums too.
Now THAT really sucks compared to the other comments in this thread
and if they are sitting in a tree outside, they sound like asthmatic stalkers in your bedroom!
Actually, the American ones are the murderous version for once. 
http://i.imgur.com/USOBrEM.jpghttp://i.imgur.com/DaOjQgz.jpg
Nah, they're cute. Not like those ugly looking things in the US. 
While that's completely true, save lizards. Little homies just trying to get a meal and get warm.
They live in my backyard. They dont fly into anyone elses backyard and lill stuff. Seriously... how old are you?
Looks like I have to get myself a possum trap and catch some cats!
I never thought I would see the day Reddit hates cats...
victim blaming
Lemme get a mcpick 2
What does that last part mean? by the airport
A labs first instinct when encountering something new is to try to eat it.
It was 4AM when it happened. The screaming that ensued was so loud that it probably woke up the neighbors too. I don't know how loud babies are when they scream, but the sound of a raccoon cornered is like death.
Sounds adorable.
Khajit has wares but no longer wants your coin.
Of course I'm not high enough. My cat won't sell me any drugs...
I wish me sell would drug my cats
I miss being called Outlander by npc's :')
Free? There is no free.
upvote for highest comment fucking spelling it right.
It just hit me that the Lady of House Stark was named Kat. Of House Stark. The one with the dire wolves. Kat. Ffs George 
And do they steal the jewelry the little mice wear? No, because mice don't wear jewelry. So the cat isn't paying the iron price. 
Can't blame that on the dog 
Redneck here: yeah it's the same in the South. Most of the people I know's favorite pastime is getting outside and catching and/or shooting wildlife and they don't believe in climate change or pick up after themselves. The rough rider himself, peace be upon him, was an avid outdoorsman and staunch environmentalist. This whole mentality of take and not protect is disgusting. 
In Texas I think (please correct me I can't remember) they have a bounty for mountain lions. My dad's friend paid to go to one of those bullshit rich people hunting resorts where you basically pay to slaughter animals and call it hunting. He showed my dad a video where they had set out leg traps for mountain lions and then just walked up and shot them or slit their throats for the fun of it. My dad, who used to be an avid hunter, couldn't stomach it. He was so disgusted. It's torture - not hunting. 
...not a whole lot of cat left. 
Cat box
Pandora doesn't go back in his box he only comes out. 
Opossumbilities*
Write an opus on them.
The typical snarl is just their way of reacting to anything that surprises them, my opossum was very tame when she knew what was going on, but reacted accordingly the one time I went to grab a [pair of socks.](http://i.imgur.com/huBBHzn.jpg)Ignore the mess, she had previously knocked all of my clothing off my shelf.
I found one and told my grandpa about it, he thought it had rabbies when it was just playing dead(they foam at the mouth on purpose) and killed it with a shovel before the dog could get to it :/ I felt really bad when I learned later it didn't actually have rabbies. Edit: I should clarify my grandpa really thought it had rabbies. I'm not upset with him, and he did have me go in the house before he did the deed. So all in all, I feel like he did handle that well. 
Aww. That's too bad. My only contact experience with them was with a baby one. I was at a gas station and someone came in saying there was an animal in the garbage can. I went out, because the report was creating a stir and I didn't want anything bad to happen. It was just a poor little baby possum who got stuck in the bag and couldn't get out. I spoke gently and slowly moved my hand toward it, and it showed no signs of hostility or of being threatened. As my hand got closer, it just sat there, helpless, so I picked it up slowly, then cradled it, and walked to the back corner of the lot away from the roads and let it go find momma. Such a seeet thing. I see them occasionally in my back yard late at night in the wee hours. Had one that also used to climb into my grill through a small accessory hole, just a juvenile. I think they're adorable. 
You Tube actually has video on how to build one.They like to climb away from danger so think bird house but larger with larger hole.  No need to buy spend money on new lumber if you have scrap lumber or old wood crates either.A larger one would more likely mean a family would choose it than beneath your home.  A box on a 4x4 post w/hole accessible from the post (and with an angled roof to shed water) would likely work well.  If you have any old dry insulation to put in it for bedding  ... FYI, they seem to like that.  A family of them pulled the insulation out from under the floor near our tub and managed to squeeze under the one piece fiberglass tub unit with a lot of it to create their home.   We waited till babies were old enough to be walking around but as soon as we could be sure the entire family was out at the same time, we ripped off enough of the flooring to remove the nest of insulation and sealed it because ... smell.https://www.google.com/search?q=possum+house&biw=1366&bih=673&tbm=isch&tbo=u&source=univ&sa=X&ved=0ahUKEwi32JSQhIrSAhUG_IMKHS1FCzUQsAQIMQ&dpr=1
Funnily enough we named it Fred when we found it since we didn't know it's gender until I looked it up. Upon finding out he was a she, we honestly could not think of a more fitting name than fred for a opossum.
Rekt? What, were you planning on fapping to the random possum woman or something? 
I thought a child.
Yeah, she usually hangs off of my chest or rides on my shoulder, but prefers to hide her head under my chin when I'm at the computer.Also, some nights she crawled into my bed and curled up next to my face.
He is saying the North and South American variant of the possum is spelled opossum and in Australia the species are spelled possum. Because in your post you used the Australian spelling.
Perforated metal.http://www.homedepot.com/b/N-5yc1v/Ntk-All/Ntt-perforated%2Bmetal
I've heard that outdoor cats tend to have shorter lives, though, between picking fights with wildlife (and even if they win, they can really hurt the local wildlife population), feline AIDS, and running into traffic.  Obviously, your mileage may vary on that, but people tend to forget that little Ms. Fluffybottoms is actually a tiny apex predator and free range outdoor cats are [responsible for billions of bird and small mammal deaths annually.](http://www.nature.com/articles/ncomms2380)  Like, if you get a cat and it's job is to hunt down pest animals around your barn or whatever, yeah, cool, that's awesome, I understand that, and it's doing the job that you want it to do. But, if you get a cat and just let it outdoors so that it'll have better quality of life...like...you're soooorta being a dick to other animals by letting your cat roam free.  
Your point regarding where you live is the biggest factor is key. There is already a large feral cat community where I live, adding people's outdoor cat pets only harms the bird and wildlife population, as the previous redditor mentioned. It's also true that a cat's has a longer life living indoors vs outdoors, but you could make the argument that it isn't happier.If indoor cats are being fat, it's up to owners to provide sufficient diet and exercise.
My kitties, while fluff balls, aren't the slightest bit overweight. Keeping them inside doubles their lifespan, and I want the snuggles for as long as possible. 
My cat started out as a semi-feral. He would never be able to adapt to indoor only. He loves it outside too much, and he likes a good sprint--he makes sure he gets one or two in inside every day. Cats are an outdoor animal. They weren't even kept as inside pets until the mid 20th century. Some us live in low traffic areas with large yards...it's pretty safe for a cat, and while he does kill the occasional bird, he also goes after nuisance pests like moles and mice.Maybe an indoor cat works out best for you, but it's not that way for everyone. 
I'm not sure causing one problem justifies causing more.But I'm also not sure it's cool to keep a very active/ prey oriented cat indoors. And I'm not sure it's cool to tell people not to have them as pets.
Define 'much harm'http://www.usatoday.com/story/news/nation/2013/01/29/cats-wild-birds-mammals-study/1873871/
You're wrong, though. http://www.bbc.com/news/science-environment-21236690
How is this a maturity thing? A lot of people (especially homeowners) are on the fence about suburban flocks. They can cause a lot of issues if you don't know how to handle them. 
Meaning, i took the freeloading marsupial out by the airport and let it loose, to go annoy some 1%er by trashing their hangar.
Sha'quir wants to remove your thong.
Cause and effect really.
Catch 22
I sell drugs my cats would wish
Fuck off, outlander -what I took away from morrowind
Oh sheeeet Lady stoneheart is going to murder some fuckers!
She did marry in...
They bring the corpse back as a trophy much of the time. Cats don't like shiny stuff but mouse corpses are as good as gold.
My cat somehow managed to bring a freshly killed blue jay into the house and left it in my bedroom 
Shit, the Rough Rider, my namesake...He was also an avid birder and my personal favorite president.  I'm dealing with the same shit brother.  Have you got the same issues with poachers down south?
That's surprising a lot of huntsmen I know have a great deal of respect for nature. Maybe it's a financial thing, where I'm from it's more of a well off crowd than the anybody. 
Texan here, that shit would not pass.  Once word got out Parks and Wildlife would be there.  No way this happened.  Also no way you could slit a mountain lion's throat that was leg snared.  There's no bounty on them but they're not protected.  I've never met a hunter that wouldn't call you a sonafabitch if you killed one for no good reason though. 
Just enough DNA and dental records to figure it out...
Your math is off. After that you'd have two cats.I think it's called meowtosis.
Certainly not a whole cat.
Tenders are more appetizing, anyway.
it would just go through like a hula hoop?  maybe?
Rock the cat box
Pandora was never in the box, she only opened it.
Stop being pedantic right meow
The only one I met fell out of a tree and landed next to me pissed off as fuck.  I noped out of there fast.
Though opossums can carry rabies to an extent, it is extremely rare to encounter one infected with it since a opossum's body temperature is too low for the virus to survive.
That insulation thing is why I don't want them down there. I've heard sounds that sound like something crawling around a papery substance. The habitat you describe kinda reminds me of when I first moved in and noticed bats flying around and one sleeping on my house. I found directions for building a bat habitat online and thought about putting in the back of the yard to see if bats would live there. They're supposed to eat a ton of insects every night. Dang, what an odd farm I'd have with a bat and opossum starter pack.
I built one of those boxes and filled it to the brim with straw. The possum has lived in there for like 3 years. I sometimes toss him a cup of golden crisp. 
You sick fuck :/
Most people call them possums here too. 
You are technically correct: the best *kind* of correct.  But nobody calls them opossums because that word is too long, it's just shortened to possum.  
Ah, I just copied whatever OP was using cuz I thought they were the same. These would be the US variety then, so opossum.
I kinda like the designs they have. It can look classy *and* prevent the illegal immigration of small animals.
Well it was a generalization yes, I've just noticed a lot of indoor cars tend to be low energy and overweight. But that is up to owners, I agree. Like I said my cat was indoor and outdoor and lived to be 16 and probably would have lived longer had he not been hit by a car (in our driveway ironically, not in the street), though I don't doubt on average indoor cats live longer. Whether they are happier, I guess we don't really know. He certainly seemed to love going out there, he'd sit at the door and meow until we let him out and then after a few hours he'd be back at the door ready to come back in.
I've had them both ways. I'm old, and have loved them all my life. I wouldn't keep an outdoor stray indoors against its will.  My indoor cats now were born indoors. They've never known the outside, and they're definitely safer for it. Very happy, content and loving, too. 
Cats can indeed thrive in a home environment. They're easily stimulated and playful. Also very much cleaner as indoor cats. 
If you want ware, Khajiit require payment.
His cat is really not Kjit and always hard sells the shitty shit.  I am not going to buy extra litter.  Fool me once...
this one thinks you should lay off the moon sugar
Spoiler alert
We do, mostly with bitch made dudes shooting deer while stunning them with spotlights. Fish and game here are well respected and will fuck you up if caught. I would assume with Montana's vastness it would be harder to cover versus the smaller more developed southeast. My stepdad said he used to know guys that would throw grenades into lakes to catch fish back in the '70's. I'm guessing the huge military presence around here had provided some good ol' boys with the explosives. I don't associate with the shittier people around here any more, but in my youth they were known to be pretty bad.
Yeah literally everything in that story is prefaced with this is a third hand account, I can't remember so this is probably made up. But it confirms a lot of people preconceived notions, so must be true and upvote.
I'm not sure they do dental or DNA tests on cats.  More like is that fluffy that's fluffy in the furnace or a shoe box fuck it it'll make a good chew toy for Fido.
Thanks. I wasn't quoting a movie or anything like that. 
Since your comment kind of sounded like non-sense I looked it up. Turns out [you're right](http://opossumsocietyus.org/faq-opossum/)
Maybe put an attic in your possum box w/slits in the gable for a bat residence ... a two-fer.
Huh?  You expected some 30 yr old dude having his dad bring home a baby animal to nurse?
Aww, good. Glanced at yours posts and no cat pics :( There are so many for cats from r/cats to r/blackcats r/teefies to r/curledfeetsies Reddit loves cats. 
In my experience, that depends on the cat and the owner. They can thrive sometimes. Did it sound like I took a stance on all cats?
Hand over your valuables, or I'll gut you like a fish!
Idk about grenades, but dynamite fishing has been a known thing since at least the late 1800's. It's still a pretty common practice in southeast asia and the phillipines. 
Opossums are nuts, they are so hardy that they can eat a lot of different poisons and survive. (Though I may be thinking about possums)
Upvote for fact checking!
That's a great idea. They all sleep during the day, right? Hopefully they're good roommates. I also wondered if the opossums would respond to a large hamster wheel that they could run around in, but they don't really seem like they play all too often. Do they? A bunch of baby opossums running about the feet of their mother like piglets, scampering and startling themselves. Maybe play fighting like large cats do? I feel like I'd have seen something like that if it existed.
When a family of them were under the house/tub for a while, we could hear a lot of thumping ... might have been babies wrestling as kittens or pups would do, but not sure.Both come out at dusk and go to bed at dawn.  The smallest babies I've seen ride on their mom's back.  I've seem them running -- perhaps away from me -- and digging; they dig for grubs and,  in winter, they  dug up a yellow jacket's nest I'd noticed late fall.  They  ate what they found ... so I didn't need to deal with it in the spring.A small tilled area w/camera aimed at it where you could bury cat food just below the surface for them to find might answer the do they play question.https://aos.iacpublishinglabs.com/question/aq/1400px-788px/do-possums-sleep-upside-down_f6b74d61-d067-4bb4-905d-fda703edaf20.jpg?domain=cx.aos.ask.com
I thought about getting a wireless camera and attach it to a remote controlled car that I've rigged with a wireless squirt gun apparatus. Then I could have that video feed streaming to some VR headsets and I could drive the car under my house and spy on the opossums and squirt them to scare them off. The only problem is that I lack the ability to assemble such a thing. It would be like having my own homemade video game.
Hi your sign says to ask about gluten free cones.Yes, you want the pine. It's our best seller and it's organic!
[S cone](http://farm6.staticflickr.com/5272/7423969710_ac77eb7129_c.jpg)
http://i.imgur.com/KFaYnR7.jpg
I can see that being funny for a few hours until the 20th person that day asks for their ice cream on a pine cone. OK, take that damn thing off the display!
Who let their Dad create the display?
I wanna see what they do when someone orders the pine
I'll have chocolate in a traffic cone. 
Wafer cone? It's called a cake cone, damnit!
Local news report that groan levels are off the charts in this part of town
Luckily it is genuinely a pine, I'm always ready to spread the searing damnation of proper cone ID
Is this not a thing most ice cream shops do?
We need ice-cream air freshener.
r/dadjokes is leaking
Imagine someone actually went along with it: Hi I'd like the uber cool chunky funk fresh chocolate crumble to the rumble chocolate chip heavy chocolate brownie chunks ice please! Oh what cone? The pine cone of course! :D 
[David](https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=David_Cone&oldid=764122139)
Cambridge?
I would do it once. 
For health benefits,  eat one pinecone daily
Is that Dear Hearts? Ice cream shop I used to go to had that exact display.
I love a sense of humor. 
I'm not sure what it is about the phrase eating a pinecone, but it never fails to make me chuckle.
Glen Arbor? The Pine Cone?
Wafer??? I always knew it as a cake cone
i realise this is probably a pretty common gag, but was this in the area north of seattle?
Squirrel here, would take the pine cone, the seeds inside are delicious. 
What?  No cone of silence?
[PINECONES!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zEq5PxjSxVU)
Every fast food place has a kid like the one who put up that pine cone. They piss the manager off so much. 
Paging u/cantonahm8
*excellent* source of fiber
*Organic*??? Instant buy.
Damn it, take your upvote and get the hell out
Just think of all the roughage she's getting!
Don't worry, Sketch. *I* still love your work. 
Pine cones are probably fairly inexpensive. Just have it as a legit option and make the customers have to back out of the ice cream chicken.
I'd have a box of pine cones under the counter for smartasses. I'd whip it out and ask are you sure? And if they insist I'd first take their money and then plop some ice-cream on top of it. 
Nope.  Wafer. Never heard of a cake cone  where are you from? 
Damnit isn't a thing! It's dammit or damn it, goddammit! 
Cake cones have flat bottoms.  
I heard it makes your shit look like [this ](http://previews.123rf.com/images/dole/dole1104/dole110400009/9225625-Fresh-pine-tree-isolated-on-white-background-Stock-Photo-christmas.jpg) 
Bamboozled again.
Until one calls your bluff and puts it in their mouth and gets fucking horny owl disease or rocky mountain spotted sphincter or some other nasty pine cone disease. 
It's probably not going to be easy to get FDA certification for serving pine cones 
That's how you get shut down.
I've from Texas and I've heard this before. 
Risky click of the day
Hey, at lest it sell my shit for carbon offsets.
Saves me from buying a Christmas tree every year, I can just shit one out. 
Not nearly bloody enough.
I've shit bricks, but never a tree
Swallow 4 pinecones whole, or poop 1 out?
God dammit a_drive! That's the third time you called in sick with rocky mountain spotted sphincter. Stop eating the god damn cone. When you get a bowl of chilli do you don't eat the god damn bowl!
Doubt it, pine cones just come off trees. No reason for them to be any more diseased than any other tree born fruit
What if you declared the pine cones as a non food item? Just got a bowl for the cream and gave them a pinecone for the sake of giving them a pinecone?
Not if it's a properly sanitized pinecone, given with the preface that the pinecone should not be eaten.
0/10 would not recommend
YOU DON'T KNOW MY LIFE! 
Come back and tell me that when you have horny owl. 
You need to prove they are sanitary then, but it might be easier. But not much. If there's one thing bureaucracy hates it's thing that don't fit the pattern
You still need FDA approval, which is going to be WAY more effort to get (assuming it's even possible) than a dad joke is worth 
How nice of the referee to give the dude gold for his miracle. 
This is why I hate this sport 
Have more of these kinds of bullshithttp://i.imgur.com/j5LNSrM.gifhttp://i.imgur.com/Ajfrpek.gifvhttp://i.imgur.com/zrMiRAE.gifvhttp://i.imgur.com/IYWzsIQ.gifv
I feel like broken leg guy should get the card for deception. 
WHY DID YOU HEAL ME? DID I ASK FOR HEALS? YOU FUCK!
Soccer is a gentleman's sport played by a bunch of goons. Rugby is a goon sport played by a bunch gentlemanQuote I remember from Morgan Freeman in a movie but it's stuck with me forever. \_()_/
[Magical healing by foot](http://imgur.com/rj91sQv)
And this is why so many Americans can't take soccer seriously.
Joke's on the ref. Yellowcard is the goalie's favorite band.
i was at this game. guy in blue took a clear dive to kill time. joe (the keeper) gives zero fucks and wants play to continue. card him? yeah of course.
If only the refs were like this goalkeeper maybe we could restore some integrity to the sport.... Well besides FIFA's corruption. 
Soccer: 90 minutes of pretending you're hurt. Rugby: 80 minutes of pretending you're not hurt.
So no one is gonna comment about that beastly upper body strength? Really??
Football (soccer) is very big where i live. But i hate it, this is one of the reasons.Icehockey for the win.
I love all the fuck soccer and European bashing in this thread when this is from an MLS game. 
DOCTORS HATE HIM
I broke my leg in a soccer game, and the other team was bitching about time wasting until the coach cut my sock off and they saw the bone poking through the skin. Then they STFU real quick. Fuck players that fuck with people in the ground. Yes, some assholes feign injury, but it's dangerous to pick people up just in case they actually are. Yellow for simulation, red for messing with someone who went down. 
Am I the only one who feels football players (or soccer, if you aren't cool enough to join the metric system club) should start getting serious temporary bans for faking injuries and diving? It's become more and more common over the past two decades, dishonorable to an extreme, yet football players are idolized the world over and paid incredibly well. Always found it funny the men society idolize often behave like cowards, yet there's much less of this crap in female football. It's such a disgrace.
That's my keeper! Big Dick Bendik! 
The GK is Joe bendik
The guy who proved he was faking is now hero
I feel like the goalies are getting tired of this shit.
Why do fans put up with this shit?
I love football, I am from Europe, but I can't ever disagree with americans calling footballers pussies. The way some of them flop is a disgrace 
Guy on ground is a cunt.
The fact he gets a yellow card for lifting him up is one of the reasons i cannot ever enjoy soccer. What did the other guy get for being an unsportsmanlike cunt?
And gets the Yellowcard of thanks for his miracle.. Edit: love that this comment made people sad, probably falling to the ground grabbing their ankles as they downvoted it..
Soccer is so fucking silly.
People need to stop forming opinions about the whole sport based purely on this gif. Go watch an actual game and then form an opinion instead of calling soccer a joke.
Why do people who are faking suddenly stop? Why not continue the act? They can't really all forget that they were faking the moment someone touches them. 
[This is why I much prefer hockey. They don't put up with embellishment.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tdw4HAUlOBA)
Soccer  - the European version of the WWE
If you Gatta act like a little bitch and embarrass yourself to give yourself an advantage in a game, how can you even enjoy winning that way
I actually kind of like these. Probably, because I don't watch enough soccer to be bothered, but mostly because so many sports push these false masculine ideals of toughness (see Football's 'play through the concussion until you have brain damage' or Hockey's 'you're not a real player if you still have all your teeth' for comparison). Soccer on the other hand is, like, screw that noise. Weakness is an asset! The more willing you are to weep in front of your enemies, the more advantages you get!
i can't believe they gave the goalie a yellow card for that like fuck he was calling out his bs and was rigth. 
TFC! TFC! TFC!
oh this is time for 'the annual reddit shitting on football day' I see.
Exactly why I could never get into Soccer. It's all bullshit
Shit, playing soccer when we were kids, you'd get your ass handed to you if you played like this. So we played physical, nothing out of line but just enough for it to be fun.
Why isn't this punishable? You know. When they are obviously faking it
Picks him up like a fucking toddler.
I play soccer. I love soccer. Sometimes I hate soccer players.
Soccer is a little kids game- 
The fact that the keeper is the one who got carded here is why Americans don't watch soccer.
How about this as an easy fix. If you collapse to the ground in pain then you are out of the game. If your injury or pain is SO SEVERE that you lay on the ground and roll around you obviously need to be fully evaluated and allowed to rest before playing again. 
Messi never dives https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I0gS5CshUDE
How awkward would it be if he picked him up and his leg was fractured. 
This is reposted at least once a month
Have none of you bitching about how you hate soccer because of this actually watched a fucking basketball game?Holy fuck you all sound stupid. Also, super bowl had 17 minutes of action and 2 hours and 50 of standing around. And you're prolly baseball fans!
I don't get the bullshit answer on why video replay is not allowed in soccer, especially the WC. It's really choosing to accept this behavior as an accepted part of the sport.
ITT people who have never watched a soccer match watching a 10sec gif judging an entire sport lmao
How do fans justify this kind of conduct?
Lay on hands!You lay your goddamn hands on me again, and I'll...
Meanwhile real men will actually have a broken leg and [finish their shift](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s946M878MxI)This is why Americans and Canadians don't respect soccer.
The amount of injuries that are faked in this sport is ridiculous. I'll go back to watching my hockey and see guys beat the crap out of each other. You only go down if you actually get hurt.
Broken leg guy should be banned for a season. 
Meanwhile in Motocrosshttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZC4f9TCg4zw&t=10s
In American football if you're slow to get up you have to sit out the next play.  Maybe in soccer/what the rest of the world calls football if somebody doesn't bounce back up they should sit out for a few minutes and have a substitute sent in.
This is why fuck soccer
What a friggin' pansy. Act like a man, pussy!
I was getting ready for a cat fight to break out with some strong words, slapping and hair pulling. The goalie was just trying to be a gentleman for a damsel in distress, no?
No one will see this but im unupvoting. It's time to stop. 8 ups on the same gif is way too much  people.
I love soccer but hate this imo reds should be given out more. Like I hate watching real Madrid, if Sergio or any of their back line gets beat they just fucking foul them and trip them down 
Can someone make this into a gif?
And the faker should have been kicked out of that game, with no replacement allowed, and also be banned for the next three games.THIS is the problem with football.
Ref had to card for the man handling.
I love that the goalkeeper got a yellow card for proving that the guy was faking an injury.
I thought it was stupid until it was explained to me in other terms.  Soccer, unlike other sports, doesn't review tapes to settle a dispute.  Once a call is made, it's set in stone.  It's developed into this social aspect of the game where players are trying to also win the referrees calls by doing things like this.Getting or risking getting a yellow card is also a strategic manoeuvre in a lot of cases.By doing that the goalie was carded but everything that other player does is now suspect in the refs eyes.
I agree. It's very off putting to see this garbage. And seeing as its allowed and encouraged, I just can't take that game seriously. 
I still love the sport, but holy fuck this theatrical bullshit has made it infuriating. 
Like American basketball is any better, flailing around like children when someone chops their arm slightly.
That, and the fact that you can't stuff 80%+ of the time with corporate advertisements. Am I right, fellow unpaid users?
It is quite entertaining. We would not have this gif if it weren't for Soccer.
I love this sport. Or used to at least.  Played it my whole life. Never this sorta stuff didn't start happening till the Ronaldo wannabes starting popping up in high school. Fucking ruins it for me. 
Don't hate the sport. Hate the people that play this crap. There are lots of good events that don't have players doing this. 
No it's not.
Because of something that happens more on highlight reals and silly posts like this one rather than in actuality? Lol. I guess you'd much rather watch a sport like handegg where you literally see someone toss an egg at someone else, run for 10 seconds, then cut to 5 minutes of commercials and repeat. Nice sport.
And now you're gonna get to the top cause Americans are the majority on Reddit. Thanks for giving us your opinion
The penalty for faking an injury should be to get kicked out of the game. 
I want too copypasta your original comment on literally every one of your replies.
http://imgur.com/mzoCW.gifv
Actually in the first video the player had acid breath and blinded the other guy. Real shame it was. 
Pretty much why I don't watch football, personally I think it is rigged and fake. Built purposely for the masses, a bit like wrestling, except people that watch wrestling know it how it is.&nbsp;Sorry for airing my invalid opinion on the internet, all aboard the down-vote train. **Choo Choo**    EDIT: Well I think I have Reddit'd enough here, I shall take my leave. If you want to try to understand my view more, feel free to expand the little [+] next to all my **opinions** that are wrong or something, I don't know. Bed time. <3.
What justifies grown men doing this in this sport? Is it part of the game? 
[I'm just gonna leave this here.](https://youtu.be/qJ4vJ0BDhZU) 
http://i.imgur.com/R3Mq0j2.gifhttp://i.imgur.com/RC2xNy0.gifhttp://i.imgur.com/khccqIB.gifhttp://i.imgur.com/3igJ0oJ.gif
You need to be introduced to r/soccer's Fallon d'Floor award.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vMLIETkEcG0
You're missing cavani getting fingered, that one was... Strange 
https://youtu.be/o5RDwnoIOvI
28.000 competitive games played worldwide every week. More than 300 televised. It's hardly surprising that some twats faking injuries have been caught on tape over the years. Do you know that the average American Football game involves just short of 11 minutes of *actual* play time and that commercials take up 35% of the 2-2,5 hours games? Now THAT'S fucked up. You watch 4-5 times as many commercials as plays.
This is why I absolutely cannot take this sport seriously. 
Ah, I see. Hockey and Soccer really are the same game, only whereas Hockey occasionally breaks out into a boxing match, Soccer occasionally breaks out into a bid for an Oscar.
Give the goalie a yellow and slap the faker with a red.
It should be like in hockey...you can have any player's stick verified for proper curvature.  If it's a bad stick, they get a penalty.  If it's a good stick, YOU get the penalty.
But if the guy wasn't faking it, the goal keeper could have seriously injured him. It makes sense that they don't allow people other than the EMTs to touch them without penalty. 
If you are injured you are supposed to be put off on the side line and wait till the ref waves you back on. But refs don't enforce all the rules and are easily deceived by most people. 
I say give the floppers multi game suspensions.  Just cheapens the game otherwise.
I think a yellow card for both is in order.  Simulation for the jackass on the ground and unsporting behavior for the gentleman who removed him from the field.Source:  [Page 49 and just beyond - Simulation](http://www.fifa.com/mm/document/afdeveloping/refereeing/law_12_fouls_misconduct_en_47379.pdf)
Just as grateful as the suicidal guy from The Incredibles
Probably got a passive where he gets better with less HP. 
It definitely wasn't a genji.
Me playing ARAM
HOW CAN HE HEAL!
You dropped this.\\
Only Morgan Freeman rugby movie I know is Invictus.
The one I always heard was Soccer is a game played by gentlemen and watched by hooligans, rugby is a game played by hooligans and watched by gentlemen, but I think that is more meant to be a commentary on the fans, not the players
Rugby is a game for barbarians played by gentlemen. Football is a game for gentlemen played by barbarians. -- Oscar Wilde. 
Off topic but similar concept. Big bang theory is a smart show done in a dumb way. While Rick and Morty is a dumb show done in a smart way. I hate when people try to play that big bang theory is an intelligent show when really it's a lowest common denominator sitcom that makes an intelligent reference once in a while. While Rick and Morty deals with splitting time, multiverses, and cloning while also making fart jokes.Sorry for the rant
I enjoy the crowd behind him. Their reactions are priceless.
Why do these people get all offended and throw away their whole act at the slightest provocation? I mean, there has to be some serious cognitive dissonance, right? Going from faking an injury straight to acting all macho and pissed when someone calls you out?
I don't understand why Americans love their football so much. It's mostly commercials with a couple minutes of football thrown in between.
[Not the](https://youtu.be/5APNXEcwVuU) only [sport this](https://youtu.be/rF5E4bzEqm8) happens [in](https://youtu.be/663BOznjJ90)
I can see that. But I prefer faking injuries to American football, where you look longer at the commentators than at the actual game that gets interupted every 10 seconds
Right. *That's* why they don't take it seriously. -_-
I watch soccer religiously and shit like this still drives me insane but it sorta adds an interesting social aspect to the game
sure about that? /r/soccer is pretty active. 
Perhaps the game was at the stadium on Ocean Avenue.
MY BRANDDD!
So happy we picked Bendik up from Toronto's bench. Such a good player and seems like a great guy. 
I can see your boneDid I ask for a fucking diagnosis!? Put me back in the game
American football. 2.5 hours game time, 11 minutes of *actual* plays, 40 minutes of commercials. I'm not making it up. 
Obviously this video sucks, but injuries in soccer can get pretty fucked up. [This one](https://u.nya.is/vvsvsk.mp4) happened just today. 
Well, because lifting is not done by the upper body... I don't know why anyone would comment on that. 
The dude put his leg down like a second to being picked up. And i doubt he weights more than 180; not really a lifting feat.
He's a thin soccer player probably 160lbs tops not that impressive
Real injuries all the way man. 
I think they're just uncomfortable with the lack of advertising onscreen. 
Sorry, but if people didn't cry wolf others would take it seriously. Stop cheating if you want to have people believe you when you are injured.
You got it backwards, mate.  The boy who cried wolf is the one setting up the whole situation.  If they didn't pull this bullshit, nobody would question it when there is an actual injury.Now if someone picks him up and the injury is real, then hit him hard, multi-game suspensions.  That way it works both ways:  No injury, the faker is hit hard, but the other guy's gotta be sure that he's faking or he's risking significant long term penalties.  Win-win.I might feel differently if soccer wasn't fake as fuck, but the one time a soccer-fiend friend of mine talked me into watching a game, convinced it would win me over to being a soccer fan, it was nothing but drama queen bullshit like this.  Give me a real sport, like hockey.
[Like Demba Ba (Warning NSFL)](https://youtu.be/NAa_ofey7bI)
Yellow for the goalie, into a meat grinder for the twat on the ground
Hey, in Canada we have soccer and the metric system.As for the fakers, there should been an extra official with an iPad and a club. When a replay shows faking he will beat the hell out of the offending player with the club and then the iPad.
Its pretty much a part of the game. It is what it isTo remove it would to remove the spirit of football. A bunch of pussies kicking around a ball pretending they're great athletes. Can't take that away from them. 
Vamos Orlando!
He has a big dick too? Dudes got it all! 
Back when he played for TFC. 
I watch soccer religiously and I really wish they would implement a more strict system to stop that bullshit.
Same reason NFL fans put up with 4 hours of commercials every game, we still enjoy the positives of the sport enough to ignore the negatives. 
Stuff like this very rarely happens. 
He got a yellow card for lifting him up because there's no way to tell with absolute certainty he wasn't hurt, and if you don't punish that then you're incentivizing risking further injury. In this case he was faking, but every rule has corner cases.
To be fair if the guy was injured and he stood him up like that he could have genuinely hurt him, that's probably why he got the yellow, with that said other guy is still a bitch.
I can see why the player got yellow carded thought. Imagine if the goalie picked up a guy with a hairline fracture who is actually hurt. Propping him up like that could be catastrophic. 
I really hate when these things pop up on Reddit because you have people forming opinions about the sport based purely on this kind of shit. Things like this hardly happen.
It's called football... And this stuff happens mostly in America, this video, for example.
But... But... He was faking and lots of other players fake it therefore soccer sucks^^^^^/s
That's how accepted it is in certain regions of the sport (especially the men's game).
Because this guy was only trying to waste time, now he is off the pitch and the ref can restart the game with out the player so it just isn't worth it.
I believe this game was in the US soccer league.
But with no Stone Cold.
I get it cuz there's a chance of him actually being hurt, but what they should have also done is give the faking fucker a red card because he is delaying the game and lying in general. 
Let the colonials have their way 
It is, but unfortunately, they rarely call it during the games. 
Maybe they hate basketball too.
Can someone make me into a gif
[Because you asked for it ](http://i.imgur.com/Fxz0Fxe.gif)
http://i.imgur.com/AihNVxs.gif
Holy crap man, i suddenly wish very hard to learn how to use AE and do it myself.
In hockey he would have gotten an embellishment penalty. I love hockey. Edit: did the original gif stop too soon? Did or Should the ref actually award a Red to the faker? Im not actually sure about the technical outcome of this in soccer but I've seen some bad examples.
The faker would've been red carded, which is immediate suspension without allowing substitution and a further one match suspension. Not too far off.For what it's worth the Australian league doesn't have much of this because other players will mock mercilessly.
**No.**While it feels like (well justified), glorious justice...  it would encourage players to do pull the same kind of stunt as the goalie here if they strongly suspect cheating.  *'A yellow to get the other guy a card? Sure!'*They may be right 95% of the time, **but every time they are wrong, you risk worsening an actual injury.**  You cannot encourage that.The real solution is for more reviews of faked injuries and fines or suspensions being awarded post-game. Hefty, financial fines (appropriate for the league).
He's the goalie, he's allowed to use his hands.
But this is the problem with soccer, to an outsider.  It's absolutely obvious the guy is faking, the goalie just makes that clear in a non-violent way, and he is punished while the other guy presumably can play on despite his fatal leg explosion.
Makes sense to me. If he had actually been injured, the goalie could have made it much worse by setting him down on it.
He got it for lifting someone who was possibly injured, it was shitty to feign injury but it's stupid as shit to lift someone up like that, if he was injured he could've made it much worse
A small price paid to become a hero to everyone watching, lol.
Great explanation, and If anyone's wondering why not review calls, it's because soccer is meant to be free flowing and there's been alot of talk about tv officals, many are for it and many are against it. 
Which is why I find it to be one of the most unsportsmanlike games. No love from me.  
They should review the video and at bare minimum suspend you for the next game. It's not going to make the violated team feel better, but it may curb that behavior over time.
Its really smart, the goalie is very unlikely to get another yellow card.
>Soccer, unlike other sports, doesn't review tapes to settle a dispute. Once a call is made, it's set in stone. It's developed into this social aspect of the game where players are trying to also win the referrees calls by doing things like this.Okay, I can see *why* they do it, doesn't mean it's not bullshit. What's more, the goalie definitely shouldn't have gotten a yellow card for making it plain obvious how full of shit that player is. Your explanation does not change my view.
It doesn't make them seem like any less of cheating assholes.
Plus no fucking ads for 45mins at least. The first time i went to a ln American football game, suddenly there was a pause, no timeout or anything, and i asked what's going on?!, response: oh, TV ad break. This is probably one of the main reasons why football is not popularized in the US, is not that marketable TV wise.
You don't even see these kinds of things often.
>They do.  Both diving and time wasting are punishable by yellow cards at the referees discretion.  It isn't allowed or encouraged (at least anymore than any other sport).  Both diving and time wasting are punishable by yellow cards at the referee's discretion.  
Lol really? I'm 37 and I've known soccer to have a major diving problem since I was a child and I don't even watch the sport.
This is the best one
Lol the guy on the right pretends to faint like a dainty southern belle...Heavens to betsy, I do declair I have ben head butted. Aaauuuohh....
lmao dude had that all planned out1. step one. Head butt2. step 2. quickly act like he did it to mestep 3. 3. wait he did it too fuck
How is this sport popular in the rest of the world?
http://i.imgur.com/zkCb7qr.gif
And he laughed at him afterwards.... an evil man
I think it is the most popular sport in the world because it costs nothing to play. I don't find it entertaining, but then again I don't find watching any sport entertaining. Playing them sure, but watching people play a sport does nothing for me. 
Have you ever actually watched soccer? Sure, diving is bar and no one likes it but it really isn't as common as people think, at most it'll happen twice a match. Also it's laughable that you soccer is rigged, where'd you pull that out your ass?
> personally I think it is rigged and fake.How might it be 'rigged' or 'fake'? You think that match-fixing is widespread in the sport? Doping or steroid use? Is that what you mean?You think that the world's most popular sport is like the entertainment event (I won't call WWE/WWF/WWWhateverthehell a sport since it's not a real competition) in which guys get dressed up in spandex, costumes, and various bizarre get-ups and fake beat the crap out of each other as a part of pre-written story-lines concocted by Vince McMahon and co.? 
>Pretty much why **I don't watch football**>personally I think it is rigged and fake.So you've come to a conclusion like that without watching? Do you think the hundreds of millions of people that do watch it just don't see what you see? Let me guess, you've seen some gifs and now your research is complete? Well, I've got some news for you: vaccines cause autism!I mean, at least you have some humor about your opinion being invalid. It's like me saying my opinion is that planes are fake and cannot fly, while never riding in one or studying flight. If I actually held an opinion *that misinformed*, I sure as *hell* would not tell *anyone* about it.
>I think it is rigged and fakeThe same way basketball, hockey and American football are rigged and fake too? Although on a smaller scale, players also dive and cheat for the exact same reasons (except for time wasting purposes, I guess).
This is one of the dumbest comments I've ever seen so upvoted. rigged and fake? Lol. Ridiculous. I understand not liking soccer but the entire reason players attempt to cheat so much is because the stakes are very real and very high. Also, not sure why they'd book so many fucking borefests with zero goals if matches were rigged to entertain people.
They are trying to cheat to win. It's as simple as that. I find it to be terrible and personally I have too much integrity to do it. Soms people just don't care and will do anything to win. 
Millions of dollars/euros/pounds at stake
I don't understand why diving and this of sort of stuff isn't punishable in post match reviews in the same way bad tackles are.
If it goes right, you get the ball back and the opposing player gets carded, maybe even thrown off the match, both of which get you closer to winning.If it goes wrong, a couple of people laugh at you and nothing happens. The guy in the OP? His team had the result they wanted so he managed to burn clock at a time where all they want is the game to end as is. As far as he and his team (and their fans) care, he did good. Probably even at the request of his coach. So far as the league cares, eh, people keep watching this crap so why would we bother changing anything?. That's why they'll keep doing it. 
Fake! You can tell it's recorded in Britain because of the overcast sky. 
Fucking Sideshow Bob at it again
That dude just lagged on the third one
It's like they don't know there are cameras.
The name alone is win.
ly arousing
This happened today https://u.nya.is/vvsvsk.mp4So did this https://u.nya.is/agfuxf.mp4
Like a glove slap*whap*
Worth.
**No.**While it feels like (well justified), glorious justice...  it would encourage players to do pull the same kind of stunt as the goalie here if they strongly suspect cheating.  *'A yellow to get the other guy a card? Sure!'*They may be right 95% of the time, **but every time they are wrong, you risk worsening an actual injury**. You cannot encourage that.The real solution is for more reviews of faked injuries and fines or suspensions being awarded post-game. Hefty, financial fines (appropriate for the league).
Rangers vs Pavel Bure and the Canucks in '94, I will never forget that rule. Saved the game for my Rangers.
Right, that's why that guy still gets a yellow card. I personally believe though if you get caught cheating like this you should be thrown out of the game, or the next several. It's a complete insult to the real athletes and the fans who came out to see them play.
Yeah for that reason I'm a little surprised that completely lifting another player off the ground is only worth a yellow card. 
But refs are payed off very well to not enforce all the rules and act like they are easily deceived by most people. FTFY
They both deserve a red, one for the faker for deception and one for the other dude for risking serious injury on the faker just to prove a point.
You didn't save my life, You ruined my day!
Just as grateful as my teammates in Dota 2 when I'm playing Omniknight.
Must be a Huskar main
Thanks! \_()_/\\
That's insensitive. That young gentleman lost it in a rugby match a couple years back.
Nah...there is also that one about the Turkish airline.
Sounds like a quote by someone who's never met a rugby fan. They're the pissup kings, not gentlemen.
The one I always heard was...   Soccer was invented by European ladies to keep them busy while their husbands did the cooking. - Hank Hill
Hey hawkmoon nice to see you off the destiny subreddit :) 
Can't rly explain it, just feels like it has more hyped up moments to me personally. Also i don't think I've ever seen someone fake an injury, the only annoying thing is missed or wrong calls.
That's not the viewer's fault though
For me, I watch the play then have a moment to discuss or watch a replay.  Usually the replay has just enough time while the next play takes place.      I prefer the strategy and how there's all the action in brief spots with dead time.  It can take longer but it gives me time to do other things in between.  For me, soccer has a whole lot of back and forth and only a few exciting moments.  Football cuts out those moments (mostly).      I don't care if someone prefers one or the other.  They both have down time... With soccer the down time is kicking the ball back and forth.  With football they're setting up the play.  
Australian here. You should check out AFL. It's got it's fair share of commercials but they don't stop playing till somebody scores, not like American Football where they stop every 20 seconds to decide what to do.
As opposed to watching grown men run around for 90 minutes only to have the game end 0-0. 
Replace commercials with standing around and now you're talking about the other football.
In those sports, there are SEVERE penalties for faking an injury or flopping.  
Alright, so like half of the flops in these videos were legit fouls. 
There's a big difference between diving and faking an injury. Plus all those sports you linked stop the clock when something like that happens. 
Meanwhile 95% of Americans in this thread just heard of this happenning in Soccer but this is why *all* Americans don't take it seriously...
always liked joe. good hands and head on his head. always wish him well except when he faces us.
i've met joe a few times. he's great any time i've been around him. he was chris konopka though. that man had a crazy wife, and loved to drink. i was livid when we lost him only to get clint irwin. worked out for tfc in the end
Watched the Super Bowl for the first time last year.. on the BBC - somewhat hilarious to watch footage of people standing around doing nothing for the commercial breaks.
>american football>40 minutes of commercialsSee, the thing is he's right. If there weren't so many bloody commercials, I might actually watch it. Like why even have timeouts? A good portion of the game *is* a timeout
He got hit so hard he shit his pants! Also that ankle doesn't look to good
>Real injuries and not acting like a little bitch about it and coming back and winning the game all the way man.  [FTFY](https://youtu.be/LDPz6TLX0rE#t=5s)
Met him at the ACC Championship in December, he was a super nice guy AND he was chatting up some very attractive young ladies. 
http://i.imgur.com/pPcwcWN.gif
Finally. Fuck. How much titting around is above?This is both wonderful and subpar and shite. Thank you!
[FUCK YOU YOUR GETTIN A FUCKIN EMBELLISHMENT..] (https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=Tdw4HAUlOBA) I love Hockey...
One of the reasons I (not a soccer fan in general) really prefer to watch *women's* soccer over men's soccer is that the bullshit is nowhere near as pronounced as with men's soccer, which I frankly find unwatchable because of the fakers.I think that, in general, women have something to prove to themselves and each other when they're on the field, and in comparison then men are pampered show ponies that act like spoiled tweens.NBA is the same, but to a slightly lesser degree.
For that performance? Deserves a double minor...https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TaCcB30Zc2Q
> For what it's worth the Australian league doesn't have much of this because other players will mock mercilessly.I like this idea.
Hardly, the A-League has just as many faking injuries. That's the whole reason it's the 4th winter sport in Australia behind both codes of Rugby and AFL. People can't watch 3 types of contact sports where people fake not being injured and have a 4th competing where people are constantly faking.
There is about 1 real injury to 100 flops.  If you are on the ground rolling around like that for 5 minutes...you go off the field and get an xray/ and or the injury  is examined by an independent Dr.  The real answer if for soccer players to develop some HONOR and for the fakers to be fined/penalized/carded/all of the above IMMEDIATELY.  Refs examine the footage...
They wouldn't leap to the conclusion that the injured player is cheating if they wouldn't be right 99.9% of the time, like they are now. If there was encouragement to not cheat then potential injuries would be taken more seriously.
But only the balls. This guy grabbed so much more.
I'd give you gold if I could
If I remember correctly the reason is because of the player had actually been injured, he could have done more damage. Don't want people doing that 
This is older, nowadays other guy would get red carded
You have to punish the guy though because you can't have the opposing team trying to pick up every player who gets injured. The players aren't doctors and if it was a real injury it could cause serious harm. The faker should definitely be punished too though.
If they allowed contact, it'd turn into Football or Hockey. But yeah, the diver deserves a red. They often get a yellow at least.
Yep the injured guy should have acted better. 
Shouldn't the fake injured player have been given a yellow card too then?
Ummm he was fake a leg injury and not even the knee. Lifting them up really isn't going to do shit. Only time lifting someone up may do more damage if it is a neck or back injury or something I ternary with possible internal bleeding lifting a leg I jury won't do shit.
Fortunately he, and the rest of the world, knew better. 
Idk why your other comments are getting brigaded, you're right. You don't treat someone based on your suspicions, you treat them based on the possible dangers, and lifting someone up who is injured is super dangerous. Faking an injury is also incredibly dangerous to other players, because it encourages this behavior.The obvious fix, in my opinion, is to have sideline requirements for injuries. Depending on the amount of play displaced by the injury, a proportional amount of time should be required to be dedicated towards looking at the player's injury, and resting them, regardless of how much seriousness the injury lacks. This covers all bases: fakers get punished, actually injured players are forced to be subbed in for while they get proper care, and players won't feel near as compelled to prove how real injuries may or may not be
Why not hand out suspensions for faking after the game?
Which really pisses me off when it comes to stuff like whether a goal was made by an offside player or not. Like Dzeko's goal in the World cup. There's a stop of play either way in that case, take the extra minute to make sure you didn't ruin a game, at a world cup no less.
To each their own.  Sometimes it just comes down to not being a person's cup of tea
Everyone hates it when they flop and fake injuries... But god damn if it isn't the most amazing thing when players are honest, show both individual skill and teamwork, and just play the game. No other sport compares imo, especially in the context of flow.
They sometimes do, but it's very rare
Very true
The 'soccer fake injuries' is the most baffling reddit circlejerk I've encountered. It's such a small part of the game and everyone around here is always like THIS IS EXACTLY WHY I CAN'T STAND THIS WHOLE SPORT -- BECAUSE THIS GUY WAS PRETENDING TO BE HURT FOR A COUPLE OF SECONDS.No it isn't. You don't like soccer. It's cool, you don't have to. But saying you don't like it because of fake injuries is like saying you don't like The Beatles because there's one song in their first album that has kind of a shitty bass on the second chorus for a second.
Bullshit. Last time I watched the world cup every fucking game had some bitch exaggerated his injuries to shave off time. No exceptions, literally every game I watched.
It's encouraged by teams and players. And I say it's allowed because I'm fairly confident in saying that the vast majority of times that someone fakes it, nothing happens.
No I mean I knew it existed. I just never experienced it in a game.
I don't know man, that ear flick one is insanely hilarious, I never knew you could roll over in pain from an ear flick.
[Soccer sniper is best](https://youtu.be/w68_1HV4l8M)[Till you meet the soccer sniper: warning loud ringing at end ](https://youtu.be/of50I4M5Fh0) 
> declairis that some sort of pastry?
You're ordering is so confusing. 4. Step 4. 
well, you only need a ball to playthat makes it accessible
[deleted]
I still think cost is the biggest factor in how popular a sport is. Soccer is dirt cheap to play and the most popular sport in the world by a longshot.Hockey is so much better, but it's a niche sport because it costs so much to play. 
I don't agree with him that soccer is rigged, but twice a match is actually a lot of faking. 
>twice a match Maybe a real dive. Over exaggeration of a foul happens about 10-15 times a match. Plenty of times a player just has his foot tapped. Leaves the ground with both feet, throws hands up, arches head back. Looks like they just got blindsided by a linebacker. 
> twice a match??!? Seriously? That's fucked up
If no one likes it why is it still happening, even at World Cup level gameplay?  When the outcome of a sport's biggest match comes down to who had the better actors and greater willingness to engage in dirty tricks then the sport is pretty hard to take seriously.
>  twice a match.LOL, that's classic.  They started calling embellishment penalties in the NHL and that ended the practice very quickly.  Faking should NOT be a part of or tolerated in any sport.
isn't as common ... happen twice a match Oaky :/
http://lmgtfy.com/?q=rigged+soccer+game
I dont watch soccer at all, but isn't FIFA the most corrupt sports organization in the world?  And wasn't there a big thing a while ago about refs that were paid off?
To be fair, hundreds of millions of people watch WWE, and we know it's fake...or do we?
Yes. 
And like any form of cheating, they should be punished harshly for it.  Obviously, you can't catch it all during the game, but if they notice it during the review after the game they should be suspended for the next game.
In the NBA it's called flopping, drawing a foul by 'acting'.  And it's punishable, fortunately.  
How come this doesn't happen in other sports that also have high stakes? 
Dont think there is a post match review for football is there? Its decided on the spot, by the ref.I'm probably wrong though
You bring up a good point, soccer has a stone age time keeping system where faking injuries just to waste time actually WORKS.  It's absurd.
Yea but it doesn't change anything when the culture is to bullshit your way to the top.
No one is saying that you can't get hurt playing soccer. They're saying the culture of over the top diving, whining, and faking injuries is a big turnoff. 
Glove slap, baby glove slapGlove slap, I don't take crap
Sir, I demand satisfaction!*glove slap*
HOW CAN SHE SLAP?
Why can't they use replay cameras like every other sport? Ref pauses the game, checks replay, sees the faker cunt and throws him a red 
Go on...
He likely had a great view of him taking a dive.
Not saying they're not, but you have one referee and two assistants for 22 players. NFL employs seven and a replay ref for the same number. You simply can't cover them all 100%. FIFA likes the controversy, sells tickets and papers.
I thought it was ruined my death
I once made a 4 tower solo push as Teemo in League of Legends. As the Nexus fell to our minions just seconds after my death and the Victory message floated across the screen, a teammate was still cursing me, saying I'd lost us the game.
s( ^  ^ )-b
You should all watch AFL instead for full speed hard knocks https://youtu.be/9aVhGGTZbHk
https://i.imgur.com/rxzNBzk.gifv
Faking injuries in America tends to be more NBA. NFL it's only punters trying to get roughing the kicker calls.
Recently, the thing that annoys me most is that nobody seems to know what the rules are anymore, including the refs.  I mean, the 'expert' they bring in is wrong on review plays about every game
I think the reason it feels hyped up is *because* there are breaks in the action.  Those breaks allow you to analyze the situation so you can anticipate things before they happen.It's 3rd and 6.  2 minutes left in the 4th quarter.  They need 20 yards for the tying field goal.  Those breaks in the action build tension.
It can still be an action packed game even at 0:0 score.
As opposed to what? Grown men run into each other for 10 second intervals for a total of 12 minutes spread over 3 hours? While they stuff each interval with commercials? and treat it as some sort of reality show? I honestly don't give a fuck about being downvoted, but football is much more dynamic and closer to being an actual sport than the NFL. The NFL is just an entertainment programme.
https://www.reddit.com/r/MCFC/comments/5s7keu/controversial_diving_call_against_sterling_yellow/Yellow Card for diving and he was actually tripped up...
I find it more ridiculous that it's practically part of the game in basketball to try to get fouled when you go in for a shot because of freebie free throws.
And in the NHL, there are penalties for flopping and even for exaggerating contact
And so are most of the gifs in this thread. The reaction by the genuine foul of feigning injury is to time waste or get a booking for the opposition player.
I love how one of the flops in the NHL was literally someone getting a stick stuck in their mask and going down. Pretty sure anyone goes down when they take a stick to the head, has it awkwardly lodged in your helmet, are on ice, and with contact.
And soccer adds on time for stoppages. Not all that different
Soccer adds injury time at the end of the game. 
This really is the norm in hockey. Sure you have a few players that dive, but still nothing like soccer dives and that's partially because diving is actually enforced. Love the tough attitude a lot of the players show. No matter how bad they get hurt, many of them always want to come back and help finish the game.
Not to mention it's pretty much constant action that only gets interrupted for a nice brawl.  I mean, it's like you buy one ticket and get to watch two sports!  
I really should get into watching hockey
Perfect loop. 
http://i.imgur.com/pPcwcWN.gifvCome on man .gifv please
What a beautiful sport.
Hockey is a gift. A cold, embellishment-filled gift.
I think this just made me a hockey fan
Women's soccer is vicious. My sister played on a competitive team and had girls punch her in the kidneys, corn dog her (broke her tailbone), and cleat stomp her feet (broke a couple of the bones). The girls even made sure to do it while the ref wasn't looking. It was ridiculous. She quit soon after. She was a great defender but the injuries weren't worth it.
> One of the reasons I (not a soccer fan in general) really prefer to watch women's soccer over men's soccer is that the bullshit is nowhere near as pronounced as with men's soccer, which I frankly find unwatchable because of the fakers.          Have you seen Brazil and Columbia?          It's fucking terrible.  Brazil is just as bad as the worst men's teams.
Women's soccer is just as bad tbh, they really need to just crack down on it harder throughout the sport. It's honestly the main reason I can't watch it cause if somebody did that shit in front of me (that has been done in front of me before in a match) I'd give them something to cry about.
Seriously. Act like a little bitch and get treated like one.
I went to an FC Dallas game a few weeks ago and it was relentless how often people got hurt
He's making it up. Diving is so bad in A League they're trying to come up with something to fix it - https://www.theguardian.com/football/2016/nov/03/brisbane-roar-coach-john-aloisi-wants-action-on-diving-in-a-league
That would work too.  Develop a certain injury protocol like with concussions in the NFL.  You are out until a doctor has verified you are healthy.  
Sure it is, but even at a 1% chance, that guy could have ended up with a serious, career-ending injury if it was really broken. That's why the guy in green was given a Yellow Card.
To be fair, the guy he was grabbing didn't have any balls it seems.
You can't just allow opponents to push around potentially injured players though. Because that 1 in 1000 time where the soccer player really is hurt, he should probably be given some space. 
He should be given a red card.  Faking injuries should be grounds for a suspension.  There should be a rule that if you are on the ground writhing around in pain for more than like 30 seconds, you should be placed on the disabled list and not able to return until a doctor examines you and clears you.  
Yes the penalty is called diving but it is never used in because there is never proof of diving.
I'm not too sure on the simulation rules but imo he definitely should.
Doesn't matter. The other guy's a soccer (football, depending) player, not a doctor. He's not qualified to make decisions like that, and even if he was qualified that's not his role in the game.
They do
Because that makes too much sense and all the governing bodies in the sport are either completely corrupt or complete pussies
I think a system like this should be in place, first fines then suspension ect
Many leagues, including MLS in which this gif takes place, do exactly that.
Yeah, I always thought for calls like that there should be a fifth offical watching it on a TV, that the ref could go to. They tested tv officiating at the club world cup final this year, it'll be Interesting to see how the situation develops
Or you know, I don't enjoy people gaming an injury to run out the clock. It's a standard move in soccer, like a bunt is standard in baseball. Only a bunt is a real play and taking a fall is cheating, and it's obvious, even to a pleb like me who has only watched like 15 soccer games.
they probably only watch compilation of diving on youtube then yup I hate this sport.
That circle jerk pisses me off too. Flopping happens in most sports people watch. I guess people assume the type of embellishment and flopping in the gif happens multiple times a game. It happens, just no where near as much as people that don't watch soccer think. 
> No it isn't. You don't like soccer. It's cool, you don't have to.Except, that's bullshit.  Most kids play soccer growing up.  It's more common than baseball (because baseball requires more gear and a dedicated field, whereas with soccer you can play it anywhere with nothing more than a ball).  Flopping is cheating, and there's nothing worse to a fan of a game than watching teams get away with cheating.  The fact that non-Americans brush it off as just part of the sport is what's so grating.
The fake injuries are what get the general public's attention, because it's something that anyone can understand and laugh at. If it's all that someone who's not a soccer fan sees about the game, of course they're going to think it's a big part of it, and it's probably not going to inspire anyone to become more interested.It's more like saying you don't like the Beatles because you hate how their songs always repeat the same lines over and over. Many of the songs that most people know absolutely do that, but certainly not their entire discography.
This is an American reaction.  Injuries in our major sports are treated as basically sacred, and even the biggest asshole on the visiting team will be given a standing ovation if he has to be carted off the field.Faking injury is one of the lowest things you can do in our sports culture.  It's sickening to most American sports fans.
How many games did you watch? From what I recall, there were some pretty clean games. Man, there were some emotional ones, too. Like Brazil vs Columbia. Never seen sportsmanship as good as when the game was over and there were Brazilian players hugging it out with the Colombian players. I do agree that flopping happens, but the reason I love the sport is because literally the rest of the world plays it. It's awesome to me how it can unite people every 4 years.
You do realize that this time is added later on as extra time, don't you? The only real advantage a player gets for faking an injury is to possible stop the opposing team from completing their attack, either because the ref called a stop or the opposing team are nice and kick the ball off field, which usually results in getting the doctors on the field, taking the injured player out, the attacking team getting the ball again from the defending team and the defending team being 1 man down until the next interruption, possibly conceding a goal anyway.    Yes, it's annoying, I agree and it's getting out of hand and people should look into ways to prevent that, but since a player can't actually be penalized for CAUSING an injury to another player if he didn't foul him, it's not as bad as it may look to some.
Hah even worse is that it's not even a flick, it's a boop.
I thought it was a wet willy of death. 
This needs to be a subreddit
The odd thing for me is watching the way he uses the bolt action. He reaches across... bizarre. Note:  I know he's a lefty but it's still weird to see.
What was that on fire at the end there?
Donut question him
d'eclair
5. step 5. I concur with your 4. Step 4. 
not to mention 1. step one, 2. step 2
It's probably also why tennis, golf, swimming, and equestrian sports are also mostly limited to the upper class. It's expensive to build and/or maintain ice rinks, golf courses, tennis courts, swimming pools and horses. Also add on top of that the expensive equipment.Sports such as American football can get expensive too in terms of equipment, but a lot of schools seem to provide those (and reuse them for many years lol) so it seems like kids from low income families can usually play too.
Certainly nothing on this scale of ridiculousness.
Speaking as a season ticket holder for a soccer team, there are many more than just two dives per game.  Probably closer to a dozen.On the other hand, you have basketball, where players _actively attempt to get fouled_ when they shoot the ball because it gains them free throws... talk about ridiculous.
It doesn't really happen twice a match often though
That also depends on the teams and players playing. If you are watching Diego Costa, you have a good chance of seeing more acting than in most movies
Cos there aren't two dives in ANY basketball game you'd watch?
>at mostit rarely happens twice a match.
It's not governed properly imo. But honestly it's not as bad as everyone thinks, alot of people just google best soccer dives and decide that's what all games are like, when they really are not. Also I've never seen a match be decided by diving, it can give you an advantage but it won't win you a match. 
I watched some of the last women's world cup and the men's world cup. With the women's games I saw, there was very little if no fake falling at all that I can recall. Watching the men's I came to realize how striking the difference was. 
To be fair, it's not hundreds of millions of people watching WWE it's not even 100 million.
LMAO he just said hundreds of millions of people watch WWE
Suggestion:  If they determine that your injury is fake, they make it real!
I think some leagues are getting better about this but too many players *still* get away with it and awarded for their efforts on the pitch which is the only reason it still happens.  Major League Soccer in the US has a committee that actively reviews controversial penalty calls from every game and they have the power and authority to overrule a bad call and punish a player who tries to do this.  While it is still not perfect, it's been fairly effective as MLS doesn't see this type of horseshit happen very often anymore unlike many of the other professional leagues around the world.
They sometimes get a yellow card if the ref notices they dove or embellished.
Because if you do that enough in hockey you'll actually get punched in the face. 
Video replay is very prevalent in North American sports (seeing as they're the other major team sports played in large open areas), however the traditions held in football are like a religion to some. As such, the leading organizations are very reluctant to change things at all. Without the video replay, players will try to trick the referee whilst he is focused on something else, or just waste time by faking injury.
Honestly, either the sports have less physical contact OR it's basically a hazard of the sport. Other sports also aren't as popular on a global scale. Take American Football for instance-  if you act like you're hurt and people find out you faked it you're kinda done. Machismo is half of that sport. Players are actually likely to pretend they AREN'T hurt instead. 
Basketball sure has a lot of flopping. Less faking injuries but definitely faking getting fouled.
It does, watch the NBA. 
Because soccer is gay.
Soccer has made this type of behaviour normal, you hear the commentary all the time oh he's just trying to slow the game down, it's considered tactical. Also referees are at fault for not calling a foul if he doesn't go down. Other sports like hockey, rugby or he'll even basketball, faking is not tolerated and you will get your ass whooped by your own teammates. I've only heard of one hockey player faking and that was Mike ribiero and he's a little bitch. (I met him once in a bar when he was playing for Montreal and yes he really is a little bitch.)
There is, but usually they treat the ref's word as final. They can give multi match bans for unusually bad challenges or straight up violent conduct.
Glove slap, *babyyyy!*
hahahaha
You, sir, are a **scoundrel!***glove slap*
It was 23 years ago so the details are fuzzy. It was at some point during that epic 7 game Stanley cup finals that Pavel Bure scored a goal, but the Rangers challenged the curvature of Pavel's stick. IIRC the goal was allowed to stand but Pavel had to change sticks and was assessed a penalty. The Rangers would score on the ensuing power play which i believe tied the game at that point and they would go on to win the game and of course, the cup.I'm trying to search for it but can't find anything... it's possible I've conflated these details with another incident from the same era. So at the end of the day this is probably not totally true...
Well here in Vancouver people rioted so... Pretty sure that didn't end in Vancouver's favor.
Yeah but in the NFL every single player is interacting with another player on the opposing team. In soccer there are loads of times where people are just running into position. The NFL has a lot more opportunities for a rule violation to occur given the higher level of contact.
Then again, NFL refs are part-time dudes who have other jobs.
Forgot how fucked up/real Pixar got for that little while
It was. 
Why do I not remember a suicidal guy from the Incredibles...?
sounds about right
That works way too well.
Ah, back to his natural habitat I see.
Yeah faking an injury in the NFL wastes time, resources, guarantees you to be benched, and has many negative impacts on your team. Real injuries are frequent enough that there is no reason to fake ok unl we under special circumstances. With futboll you (soccer) you can take time off the clock that depending on the ref may benefit your team. Also could get you a penalty kick. (High % scoring odds as opposed to 5-15 out of 100 yards.  Those free kicks can be game changers on soccer as you get a free shot on goal. NFL pentalities and injuries don't do that, may make things easier but won't give as high of a scoring rate. 
Agreed. Scoring points isn't the be all and end all. 
In the Asian cup final Robbie Kruse was given a yellow card for simulation when he did his ACL and didn't play for a year. It's not always as clear-cut as people think. A lot of the time, when you're running at full pace like that, a trip can really send you flying and can really cause damage. Yes, diving is way too common and it drives me nuts, but seeing people that don't watch football acting like every footballer is diving scum drives me nuts even more. 
And refs call it pretty commonly in the NHL. If it continues, players generally take care of it by finishing their checks and playing harder.
Not the norm, but the *culture*. I've dislocated a finger, set it... wrapped some tape around it and was back for my next shift. And that was beer league. Pros are far more determined, I've got work the next day.Hockey players are nuts! We just love the game, never mind the silliness of acting in soccer/football (and sadly now, [basketball](https://youtu.be/5HHxkTHjBZo?t=25s).)
[Perfect Loop](https://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/5thyfv/goalkeeper_magically_heals_shattered_leg/ddmwi03/)
Absolutely stunning work. Golden quality. 
Canada, USA, Japan, Germany, England are all very good about keeping the game going. I've seen hard hits and they just get up and play. Those are some of the top teams in the sport.
FC Dallas hasn't played a game in months
Nah.If it had been a career ending injury, it would have been obvious.  SEE Anderson Silva breaking his leg.  That's broken.  This was nothing, and is obviously nothing, and only football poofs think a career ending injury is going to be invisible...Career ending injury is going to have someone laying broken on the pitch...That faker poof should have been penalized,fined, removed from his family's will, and had his citizenship to his country of origin revoked.No honor.
Maybe they should start red-carding people faking injuries.
maybe they should stop crying wolf then. 
no person has ever been injured playing soccer so I think it was a reasonable risk
I mean obviously in this situation the player is acting like an asshole, but there are loads of real situations where an injury has excruciating pain for a minute, and then feels fine afterwards. 
Wouldn't proof be like if you were faking an ankle injury and then some goalkeeper picks you up and all of a sudden you can walk just fine....wouldn't that be proof?
I dunno about you but I see a lot of proof in this thread 
[Which is bullshit cause hockey calls it all the time when they know they're faking](https://youtu.be/Tdw4HAUlOBA) 
It's definitely used sometimes. I've seen several yellow cards given in the Premier League for simulation.
Shouldn't the player rolling around on the ground faking an injury receive a card then as well since he's not fulfilling his role in the game by playing against the referee's and not the other team? 
Jesus, you sound like such a little bitch.
Nowhere near as often as they should
They don't, at least not in European leagues... The most they get is a yellow card during the game if the ref caught it.I'm all for video review during the game though. It's about time.
They actually do hand out suspensions after the game, although it's usually limited to violent episodes.
Hey hey hey now!Some of them are both. 
Why bother with fines? First offense, kicked from the league for life./done.Now you can have your free flowing sport. Nobody accidentally fakes an injury.
Not as though soccer is alone in this. 
Doesn't help that the vast majority of the time soccer gifs are upvoted on reddit (that aren't on /r/soccer) they are diving gifs.  This gif in particular I've seen on the front page at least 3 times over the past 6 months or so.  It also doesn't help that there are way way more soccer matches played than every American sport.  We could see diving gifs from the 3rd tier polish league and people would condemn the whole sport over it.  
Have you never watched basketball? And for the record, when a player actually has to be substituted due to injury in soccer, he is given an ovation as well unless it's a heated rivalry game. 
boop
I mean it was posted on r/peoplefuckingdying 
I think it kinda makes him that much more badass. 
Yeah it is really weird. Though I used to read books about US snipers and one was a left hander who used a right handed rifle. He said in a lot of ways it was a benefit because when firing with the rifle's front leaning on support, he didn't have to remove his trigger finger to chamber a new round. Has nothing to do with how weird he looks here, but reminded me of it.
Bradford city stadium fire. According to google, 56 people died. Really poor taste to put that at the end
Bake him away, toys
    2. two steps this time.
Tennis and swimming can usually be done on public courts/swimming pools, but there's not much of a chance to get really good without the money for coaches/time to train.  Also, at least with tennis there is a real elitist attitude that's hard to overcome.  I don't have much experience with swimmers, other than what I've read about Stanford Rapist Brock Turner and Ryan Lochte, so my uninformed opinion on their culture isn't the best.
Oh for some reason I read that as on average or something. 
You are able to tell how serious of a foul it was by the amount of rolls they do.
That's different!  In a manner that I choose not to articulate!
I dont know why someone would think that is an excuse for that behavior.
Who watches basketball?
anything that could possibly give you an advantage in a sport could also win you the game if the game is close enough.
Australia respectfully disagreeshttps://youtu.be/Rh2KLm4DpXE
Just make red cards and yellow cards reviewable.  They already waste a few minutes wallowing around, why not a few more 
And the refs will literally call out, in earshot of the cameras, [Fuck you, you're getting a fucking penalty](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tdw4HAUlOBA) if you make a habit of embellishing minor hits. 
>players will try to trick the referee whilst he is focused on something elseLike in professional wrestling. I want to see one player distract the ref while another goes for a chair.
Wow good explination, that felt like a ELI5 in the best of ways
You also don't gain anything by being injured. In football as long as the hit was legal even if your out for the season it doesn't matter. And if the hit wasn't legal then they're likely to get a flag anyway, regardless of injuries.You're not wrong about the machismo though, the center for Atlanta falcons was playing on a broken leg in the super bowl if I remember correctly.
That has more to do with the fact that injured players don't have a long career, and pro football careers are pretty short to begin with.  If you're seen as someone who gets injured, you won't be playing in the league long because no contracts are guaranteed.  American Football is full of players who take anesthetic injections at half time to keep playing.  John Madden wrote in one of his books about a player (can't remember who) who would have his knee joint drained every halftime because it swelled up so bad.  One game the doc stuck the needle in and only got blood and goop.  That player was finished in the locker room at that moment. 
The gloooove slap is a little old thing that... gets you satis-factioooon!
Are you thinking of McSorley vs Canadiens in 93?  The details are similar to your version.  Kings were leading the series 1-0 and were up in Game 2 with a under two minutes to play.  The Canadiens asked for McSorley's stick to be checked and it was deemed illegal.  Habs scored on the powerplay, won the game in OT, and went on to win the next three, as well.Source:  Kings' fan.  2nd source: https://www.nhl.com/kings/news/mcsorley-tells-his-side-of-93-stick-incident/c-632932
Okay what about NHL, less players on the ice with more refs/linesman 
Referee Ed Hochuli is an attorney by day and moonlights as an NFL Referee according to his profile page of his law firms website.  http://www.jshfirm.com/EdwardGHochuli
Because he lived.
It was the guy jumping from the roof that Mr incredible saved by leaping over and pushing him mid-fall through a window, where he found bomb voyage in the middle of robbing the bank
And people say Overwatch is toxic.
Don't they do it fairly regularly to stop the clock or give their team some extra time or something. I've definitely seen a video of players doing it. I seem to recall a Steelers player lying down from the huddle.
The field is so big & the refs are so spread out that you have to embellish your reaction to contact a little. I'm ok with that. I just can't stand the rolling around in grass with your hands over your face, wailing like a grieving mother.
*We need to go deeper*
Shit, I'm going in :(Edit: I'm back from the future, I think I [screwed something up](https://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/5thyfv/goalkeeper_magically_heals_shattered_leg/ddmwovx/)Edit2: I tried to fix things, [but it only got worst.](https://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/5thyfv/goalkeeper_magically_heals_shattered_leg/ddn1apy/?context=3)Edit3:  OK, time to [stop messing with time travel](https://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/5thyfv/goalkeeper_magically_heals_shattered_leg/ddn2e49/)Enjoy the ride
Hold my Soccer Ball, I'm going in!
That blew my mind for a second 
No I'm not getting sucked into this again
Well, yeah, they're all hurt!
I don't know much about Soccer, but you can't see ACL injuries, which is one of the most common injuries in the NFL. They aren't obvious and moving him would have worsened it. Same goes for an muscle or tendon injury.You don't need to break a bone to end your career.
Or suspending them from future games or fining the club/player after a review if the flop is not dealt with on the pitch. It infuriates me that this is a legit tactic with little to no consequence.
Right, and they should need to get examined. It's in the best interests of the sport in both instances: First, you don't want your sport to get a reputation for flopping, because people like me will never watch it and it will miss out on the market share. Second, you don't want your athletes to be injured but sent back into the game, because it's bad for your athletes, sport, and teams in the long term. Something the NFL is learning right now.
This clearly was not one of those situations.  There is no excuse for letting it slide here.
I mean you always gotta keep in mind the goalie may actually be a miracle worker, in which case he would be trying to make the injured man look like a liar, this is why you arn't a ref.
Football generally doesn't use video replays. It's really hard for a referee to be sure about dives that are really quite plain on TV.
UEFA does along with some FA's. Some, like the English FA, don't even though they're trying to implement it
You can also get ejected casings in the face, not much fun.
Oh are we not supposed to laugh at burning death? 
Cha cha now y'all.
Inverse proportion rule. The more serious the injury, the less they flail.
Major League Soccer is actually going to implement [Video Assistant Referees](http://www.mlssoccer.com/post/2016/12/10/mls-will-seek-introduce-video-assistant-referees-var-during-2017) this during the second half of this season.  I'm extremely proud that the league I follow is being pro-active about things like this.  There is no reason that the rules can't be updated if they have been proven problematic time and time again over the years.  I have a feeling if this is successful in MLS, we will start seeing it integrated into some of the more well-known leagues across the pond.
This is the way it should be in every sport. No damn question about it. You should get a penalty and a game suspension for even TRYING to act like a bitch.
Fuck you you're getting a fuckin' embellishment. Such a great line. 
I'm an Atlanta native myself and I believe you are correct on that. The Falcons especially feel they got something to prove. The Vick ordeal still kinda hangs heavy here. 
I need pics or video to remember this guy.
(   )
That game is hella fun! 
You changed the spelling of the Bernstein bears didn't you
Im proud of you son. I knew this day would come. Be safe on your journey. 
What's happening????
I've been clicking this for the past 15 minutes...Edit: it's now been 4 days 
during [which loop?](https://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/5ta75r/ive_been_in_a_rut_lately_so_i_painted_some/ddlr11t/?context=3)Edit: [Go back now](https://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/5ta75r/ive_been_in_a_rut_lately_so_i_painted_some/ddn2ah2/?context=3)
A red card results in (at least) a one game suspension.
So, obvious question...why not? The honest players and coaches should be screaming for it
[Old people burning put your hands up](https://youtu.be/xC03hmS1Brk?t=89) 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o4Lx8j57-ekhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J4J-Fuo0vLE
\\\_()\_/  I forgot my shovel
This is the dumbest thread ever lol
badum cha
Anyone else remember when it was Berenstein bears?
/r/MandelaEffect/
I clicked on so many blue words I'm basically in Narnia 
...... Just passinnnnggg *hiccup* throughhhhh!
Did the faker get a red card after this happened?
Thank you so much for this. I have been looking for this video for like three years.
I just bought me a new one
Here you go 8===D
I think this situation calls for more than just a shovel.
Your face is the dumbest thread ever.
Guy in the back. I think we can go dumber. 
I definitely remember when it was Berenstein bears
/r/MandelaEffect/Edit: Oh no, [here you go](https://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/5thyfv/goalkeeper_magically_heals_shattered_leg/ddmwi03/)
It wasnt a good idea to go into this thread while high. Idk how long ive been clicking.... Send help
I had way too much fun with this!
lol
Damn, he ain't gonna be in Rush Hour 3!
I miss this duo
Damn, pretty sure that joke went right over younger me's head 
Flip it open, flip it closed. Do it fast. Open, close. Fast. You'll get it.
http://i.imgur.com/PfR2uvr.gifv
Do you understand the words that are coming out of my mouth?? lol
op did u post this because it was on tv last night?
How you gotta drop the damn badge? Huh?! And then you threw the gun out the window.
LEE!!
[Enjoy](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LlDfEMzFyGo)
i love the bloopers when chris tucker refers to jackie by his real name. 
War, what is it good for?Absolutely nothing
What movie is this?
Goddamn I love Rush Hour.
Wipe yo self off man... you dead! 
Awesome movie.
I thought they weren't working together cause they didn't like each other 
I always thought he ment 6 1 as apposed to the term 5 0
They need to make more of these films. 
Jackie chan brings happiness into this sorry world 
RemindMe! 20 Hours Rush Hour
There are a lot of men chasing us - As well there should be. Cuz you're a very good looking man. If I didn't have a girlfriend I'd take a run at you. Id take you home put in a bath. put some water wings on you and just clap clap spank your little bottom. But listen
I love the picture more. Rush Hour trilogy is probably one of my faves.In the second movie when Carter is walking around an area of China on his own and ends up in a bright green Chinese suit and carrying a live chicken in a cage, it doesn't get much funnier than that.
no moustache either ;)
Lol
He's not 61 either
I saw this movie when I was pretty young. I only found this part funny because of the photo. I don't even remember the height line.
One of my favorite movies
WOOOOOOOO! You know he dead!
I miss Chris Tucker. 
I know Jackie Chan hated them, but the Rush Hour movies are among my favorite comedies. 
Flip it open, flip it closed
Hollywood destroying original classics By making tv show smh.. Training day, rush hour, excorsist etc
This won't work: it's not Jackie Chan.
Me and him got the same mother. I'm *black-a-nese*. We all the same.
HAHAHAHA ITS CAUSE HES ASIAN HAHA
Haha and not anything else xD
I saw this movie in theatres when I was 9 years old. It makes me a little sad that a movie like this couldn't be made today without constant bitching online from liberals and millennial youths. 
Racist! Twice!
Know d song war what is it good for  bcoz of dis movie 
The outtakes at the end are one of my favourite parts of the movies. When Jackie knocks himself out with a table, youch. 
God damn.  I remember going to the theater with my dad and brother and watching this.  We loved the series.  The outtakes were fucking hilarious.  I sure as hell miss that simpler time.  When going to the movies was such a big deal.  Credits, jokes, action, etc.  It was awesome.  Now I'm old and jaded.  I miss the ignorance.  I miss being a kid.  Miss my dad.  Miss my family.  I wish there was a way to know how good you have it before you don't... wouldn't that be something special.
After all the stuff we've been through? Rush Hour 1? Rush Hour 2? 
Welcome back to super beard boys
My favorite line of all 3 movies.
Can someone explain this to me
This won't wok 
4
It's too bad Rush Hour 3 sucked. 
They had fun chemistry.
I miss Chris tucker. Glad he's starting to make his comeback tho. Would love to see him with icecube in a good Friday sequel. 
I also love him with Owen Wilson, those two together are crazier than a road lizard
Yeah, same. I definitely remember the bust in there like you're LAPD line but I didn't get nor remember the joke at all.
[deleted]
**drops badge**
I will always upvote Clay Davis
NOBODY UNDERSTANDS THE WORDS THAT ARE COMIN OUTA YOU MOUF
It's spelt moufff
I'ma keep it 92 + 8 with you, I stole it from imgur 
Isn't it always on tv last night?
Hey I was watching it since it was the only thing worth watching in my hotel last night, I thought the exact same thing.
Is that my gun? That is my gun.
CARTER!!
GEFILTE FISH
HIS NAME IS LEE, GOD DAMMIT
Its funny but owen does the same in Shanghai Knights as well. Also there is one cellphone blooper in both series as well
Jackie, again?
Rush Hour?
Damn I feel old. 
watch all 3. they're great
Well, there was a show.../s
RIP Chris.
...don't type like that here. 
You are not on facebook.
Jackie! Kick down the door!
Are you okay? Jackie always okay. 
20 million dollars? Who you think you kidnapped? Kelsey Clinton?
So what? She works at El Poco loco...
I've seen like 2 other Jackie Chan end of movie bloopers and he knocked himself out in those also.  
Try making someone else's life as special as you remember yours
What if you're looking back 18 years from now and thinking of these days as the best time of your life? Knowing right now that this is the best time of your life, what would you do differently? How would you soak in the right now even more? 
That's what Marvel movies are for.  And why you stay through the credits.Which, as a member in good standing of IATSE, makes me very happy.
Word.
I get some of those old time feelings from the marvel movies. 
Dude. I'm not fucking crying! YOU'RE fucking crying!
There is a 3rd
That's all this phrase will ever remind me of for the rest of my life is Alex and Jirard.
My daddy kotched a bullet
This comment is kinda like Dark Souls.  
In rush hour 2, they dropped the antagonist off a bulging in the finale. In the outtakes after the movie Chris Tucker yells damn, he ain't gonna be in Rush Hour 3. 
It didnt suck it was just the worst of the three
I'm not sure why you're being downvoted.  Rush Hour 3 did suck, I thought that was universally agreed.
he left the Friday series after choosing to be a born-again christian
According to his [filmography](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chris_Tucker#Film), he's going to be in another Friday and Rush Hour. They could be rumors but one can hope.
Shanghai Noon is the bomb.
He's black, he's Asian *sigh*
How spaced out are you rn lol
How' you gonna drop the badge!? 
It's always good to get a little revenge on them sometimes 
> I'ma keep it 8 more than 92 with you FTFY 
Is bpt leaking?
Somewhere in the world at least...
CAHRTUH!! FTFY
Guh filka feish
Show ya ass?? *[laughing]* Y'all some gay ass cops
Thank you? I'll have to check it out sometime?
Yup?
Ha!
Chris Tucker, okay!
Jackie again?
I say this everytime someone asks if I'm okay aha
Kelsey Carter?
who the fuck is kelsey clinton?
Is it Chelsea or is it Kelsey? 
Jesus Christ.  This really hit home.  It sounds weird, but thank you.  You strike me as a wise person.  I think I will.  When I can.. I will.
That's fair. I've noticed I continually look back and go that was good  That was great  that time was awesome  I always see my life in different phases.  The High School phase. The College phase.  The New career out of college phase.  The career for the rest of my life phase.  And I need to start appreciating these new endeavors when I engage in them.  Need to start really appreciating my life objectively and trying to live in the moment.
It was a reference to the bloopers in the second movie. Edit: Third movie, not second. Thanks for the correction, /u/TooSchwifty. 
Wew Lad
Oh, do you mean Jirard and Shigeru Miyamoto--the mind behind Mario?!?!
No bushit.
If droppin' someone off a bulge is enough to kill them, I wish I had that bulge.
Thank you 
It was a terrible movie and the ending was beyond dumb. It had some funny parts, but overall, it was incredibly disappointing. 
> universally agreedYeah no
I'm guessing most of the downvoters are people who saw it when they were kids. Still see the movie through the rose colored glasses of nostalgia. Probably think Men in Black 2 was good as well. 
So they should call the movie Good Friday. 
Yeah and that was a terrible shame. 
I'd love to see a *Fifth Element* Ruby Rhod movie. It'd be crystal green. BZZZZZZZZZZZZZT!
Crossing my fingers. 
I saw Shanghai Knights first so I have more nostalgia for it, but I love them both   
[deleted]
I think so, it's not first time I'm seeing this shit outside bpt
You should? It is a very funny movie? 
It was during the buddy cop movie era.
You must! 
His name is Lee, God damn it!
Alright, Matty. 
Who you think you got, Kelsey Grammar?
Yes
Make time. Otherwise you never will.
can I be that person?
I hope someone more cool than me screencaps this for r/wholesomememes
its a blooper at the end of the 3rd movie from the filming of the 3rd movie. it wouldn't make sense to say they'd been through 3 while filming 3. 
Yeah, he made some great games! I loved when they played his game Mario Maker!
The highlight of the movie being where they're in the the dojo and shenanigans ensue
Reddit needs a movi writing division.  This would be awesome
Good news, it looks like they're making a third!
Because a younger kid may not reason the fact that the obvious thing is he's Asian and the ID shows a Black dude.
Kids can't see color. 
Cause everyone's younger self is a little stupider than everyone's current self(hopefully)
Drake's not even black doe
I agree? Loved these movies back when they came out?
I will then? Sounds exciting? Action-packed?
His name is Lee, Jacky Lee.
You missed the best part damn it!'Jackie, kick it in!''Jackie again!?'
And i have one for you
Gafilte fish! 
I agree.. and at the moment it's not about making time.  I don't have kids.  But it's a matter of actually recognizing those opportunities when they occur.  I want to consciously make the effort to recognize when I can help make someone's life as special as I remember mine.. and when I can I will.  I'm not married, no kids.. but if that day comes, well there's a clear opportunity.  Until then, I'll do my best when I can when it comes around.  God damn... so sick of livin' in they hypothetical.. need to find the nuts to actually do shit without concern for the consequences because it's what I *want* to do.. fuckin' hard tho eh'  
Oh. Right. I wasn't sure about that. Thanks! 
I am you
Definitely that part and where they sing The Closer I Get to You. But the rest of the laughs were few and far between. 
Idk, sometimes reddit can't even spell movie correctly.
This explanation was hilarious. :'D
Read these in a Scottish accent and the question marks fit?
Not really action packed. But action comedy
Do you have nieces or nephews? Neighbors that you're close to with children? Those are always options. But i totally get you. Its not always easy and hypothetical plans are awesome to have but frustrating because they're hypothetical. I feel you brother!
That's why we need a dedicated  division!
Holy shit they actually do?
[I was thinking more something like this?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tqNhEzrWQpY)
This got deep
Fuck me he's right?
I've read all of those bricks.
Literary ironic
I prefer something more concrete
Ah, the [old Reddit switcheroo](https://i.imgur.com/iMh8g0A.jpg)
good to see those books are finally being put to good use.
It's mighty mighty. Letting it all hang out.
Why? 
Hey I've got that brick! *An Introduction to the Theory and Application of Bricks* by Brick Masonry.I actually first really got into Bricks thanks to [my favorite track.](https://youtu.be/jQmlVEBQYig)  
Are any of those first edition bricks for sale?
Your brick series is lacking a few. Specifically -Brick: The Brick guide-Brick: Brick adventures, a graphic Novel 1 and 2-Brick: How to Draw brick.You can probably find them at your local Bricks and Noble
The Presidential Library of Donald Trump.
What amazes me is someone went through the effort to make this for a punchline. 
Finally, a place to store all of my Supreme bricks!
Cause shes a brick. Shelf...
I didn't know they had a collection of all of the Rochester Institute of Technology coursework
How else are you gonna store those bricks?
This looks like it's in a museum
Clever 
Repost..[karmadecay](http://karmadecay.com/r/funny/comments/5tibdv/brick_shelf/?st=IZ1XQTL4&sh=967b993b)
Looks like the recommended daily dosage of bricks per 3DS!
Does anyone have the plans for this build that they could share?  
Didn't even take the time to plane the pine. I love it!
What kind of monster doesn't alphabetize their bricks?!
Why is this not titled Book Brickshelf?
Indeed
This makes me almost a little uncomfortable
Sorry to say, but I need that book on the bottom-left!
Scrolling past this, I really thought this was r/art
What a neat place to keep the bricks you shit.
Alright every bro, i want you to go make stuff and it better be good or im gonna hit you with this brick! Lets rock bros, Whats up!
I know people who have gotten all their political knowledge from reading those.
Well done. 
Heh, funny typoh.
That's a cool piece. 
I wish they were supreme bricks 
BRRRICK FROG!
Whats funny about this?
We need a how to DIY.
If each shelf is level, that's amazing. Otherwise, this is fairly boring.
You're a mad boy 
Reading is hard.
Those are antique fire bricks. I'd say pre-civil war. Note the uneven orange hue and the embossment on the back. Quite a nifty little piece of Americana. You could get fifty, sixty bucks for one from the right collector.
This is art
I'm impressed. I usually just masturbate when I'm bored.
This is great! I never knew what to do with all these damn books. 
/r/DiWHY 
Like a forklift lifting a pallet of forks, it'd be so damn literal. 
Hey! Quit stealing my name!
This person is prepared.  Nothing like catching some robbers in NYC off guard by throwing the ~~book~~ brick at them. 
Shelf designer D Trump. 
I'm amazed at how level the shelves are.
You won't leave it there
r/mildlyinfuriating
That's ridiculous! The shelves are uneven!
Why did you build the shelf out of books? Wouldn't it just fall down? And what's the point of storing brick like that, and why do you have so many? Doesn't make any sense to me...
For the record, this, as an object of art, is retarded.
Eh..I stopped after the fourth one. They became very predictable. 
What's red and red and red all over?
I love me some mortar mysteries 
Such a waste of good bricks
You know what's better than a Lamborghini? 
Read them?  I own them!
Those ain't nothing when you get to the big stuff. 
Don't ya think. 
Hold my book, I'm going... wait, what the fuck?
Bamboozled again
Of course. Everyone knows that 5'2 124 lbs makes the perfect bitch. 
That shelf is stacked, and that's a fact.Ain't holding nothing back.
My guess is they just built the shelf out of books glued together, and they add the bricks to make sure the books glued together tightly?
Art piece
My grandma has book shelves made out of stacked bricks and boards. My immediate thought was that someone was moving and set the shelf up like this, with the books and bricks switched, as a joke. 
a brick and mortar bricks and noble is hard to come by after ordering online made them obsolete.
Like he's gonna have that many books.
Brick, wood and book.
It's *ironic*, so not much
What are you talking about? Books are a normal building material for brick-shelves. Also how dare you insult OP's collection of bricks. I bet you're just jealous because OP is smart enough to read this many bricks. How many bricks have you read, huh? 
You have to power through to 9. 
Still better than Twilight
Prebricktable
I gave up on the brick series. They're a very hard read.
Yeah I felt a wall between me and the story
*prebrickable
Prebricktable
Communism
2 Lamborghini's?
I think that's the History of the Masons
A little too ironic
Must be why the top layer has no weight on it.Or maybe it was done as a joke.
That's what I'm thinking too.
You and OP are both fucking retards who are too dumb to read any fucking bricks. Also, you fucking dipshit, you can't read a fucking brick, but I think that you won't be smart enough to get that since you're thick as book. 
How are you guys reading them in the right order?  My kids are always taking them down and gettin them out of order.
...are we talking about wheel of time? I feel like we are talking about wheel of time. 
Brickdictable
I disagree. I thought they were pretty solid. 
/r/murica
KNOWLEDGE
Purple Lamborghini 
maybe you should stop driving
No, you just have autism.
You a great parent! You instill the [good habit](http://scrolldownandread.blogspot.com/2016/02/february-reading-month-encourage-your-child-read.html) unto your children.Are are the kids reading the bricks, though?
It actually doesn't matter as they are all from different stories.
Brick-Dick-Table.
Serious case of road rage.
No more rock - paper - scissorsNow it's Brick - Dick - Table
Wait does brick crush dick, dick rubs over table ruining its value on the antique market, and the table confines it or sits on it
What's up with people cutting gifs off like that? 
For those wondering: the correct method for taking down a chimney is to break the bricks off one at a time and drop them down the chimney onto a wad of old blankets.Source: Have remodeled several old homes.
At least now you know which part of the roof is weakened and needs repair.
http://i.imgur.com/92VdMW6.gifv
How embarrassing, now the internets have seen their bright orange attic underwears.
Project skylight is half done.
Ok, so WTF is the sack hanging in the attic? Testicle bag???
I feel like roofs should be sturdier than that.
You can't fool me, I know this gif is in reverse.
So what is the thing hanging from the inside of the house. Looks like a dead skinned animal of some sort 
r/whyweretheyfilming
http://i.imgur.com/x5Qr1Il.gif
That could have killed someone.  Jeez.
/r/gifsthatendtoosoon
Santa how's the first day going?Errr ok I guess
Just set that down here and.... oh ok. 
they could've said Timberrrr before dropping it though.
I like how they just pause afterwordsOkay, if anyone asks, it was like that when we got here
That just sucks..
Fuck it. Make it shorter 
Is that oranges being hung?
Calculated.
Found the leak in your roof
Well, at least you can put a bigger chimney now.
What happened is worse than I expected. I thought it was simply going to slide down the roof.
Not going to lie was expecting send nudes to be written when he looked in the hole
I'm going with: this allowed them to find the venomous hammock-spider nests in their attic. 
r/instantregret
Skylight!
So if there was a mini-tornado around they'd claim complete $200K destruction on their cardboard house?
Why does that roof only have 2x4's and tiles for a roof?There is not even a bit of plywood!
That my friends is the pause of oh shit there goes my career
Fake. Why were they filming?
Efficient carpenters....instant skylight!
You said you wanted in the kitchen, right?
Haven't had an OMG reaction to a gif in a long while, this was a good one. Thanks OP.
I was expecting it to slide comically down the roof. This is just harsh though. 
They're covered, Stupidity is an act of god.
GIFSTHATENDTOOSOOON
Hi, we're here to replace your ~~flashing~~, er, ~~shingles~~, uh, ~~roof~~, I mean your ~~attic~~, um, your ~~first floor~~, dammit, we're here to replace your house...
I would not be standing on that roof if I was one of those guys. You take chimneys apart into smaller chunks first so that doesn't happen. I'd be amazed if this remodel was death-free.
This kills the roof
/r/wellthatsucks
Even if they set it down, it still would have went though, idiots being idiots 
and that dear friends, is why you always take a chimney down in pieces and throw them off the roof one by one.or, if its not being removed all the way down through the house, Chuck the pieces down into the chimney hole and just bring it down past the roof line.have to make sure to dump a few bags of cement down into it and close off the flue holes so you don't kill everyone in the house in the future
Those guys are lucky they didn't come down with the flue
Dat chimnnnnnneeey 
I am calling bullshit. Set up video
I honestly don't see what's funny about this
The end is not that revealing, it just shows the
/r/gifsthatendtoosoon
Can't agree more. I know there are many gifs that end too soon but this one actually kind of pissed me off... I want to know how far down it went! 
Happens on at least 50% of the gifs I see. It's a little ridiculous.
Seriously what the fuck.
and if you're going to cut it off, do it before he starts moving the camera towards the goddamn edge
15 seconds is the maximum time allowed when creating a gif using Imgur's tools.
[You think that's bad?](https://imgur.com/vUcoJd6) Or maybe [this one.](http://i.imgur.com/KeIsP6e.gifv)
GIF Circumvision
Omg thats genius 
Yeah I'm not sure what they thought was going to happen. 
Or you could toss em down to a young athlete who dreams of being a wide receiver. That's how jerry rice got those marvelous hands. 
What happens once you have so many bricks piled at the bottom that they start shrapneling around the house before completely blocking up the chimney?
Another great way to protected your roof is to frame it with more than 1x4s and to deck it with a hardwood before you attach your shingles. 
My grandpa did this...on accident...Short story: He was digging (note: shovel and wheelbarrow) a basement because he didn't want to pay for it. He did the math and it would take X amount of wheelbarrows a day for X years, he's nuts...but continuing on. As he dug closer to the base of the chimney on the main level (he is now in the ~3x5'ish space under the house digging) it all came and landed in a nice heap in his hole. Must've been a hell of a noise for my grandma inside...True story, some details left out including safety precautions/proper reinforcement, ect. He did his homework before starting this project.
It can be new blankets. They age in the process.
What is the best tool for this?  
Try that here and the bricks would get stuck in the middle clogging it up since its not a straight shute by standard in 50s, and newer, houses.
There is probably a lot of dry rot down the slope from that chimney. They're lucky nobody fell through. Hope nobody was inside the dwelling. 
Reminds me (not sure exactly why) of The World According to Garp (Robin Williams): couple outside of a house for sale, airplane crashes into house.  Man looks at realtor and says we'll take it!.  Because what are the chances *that* will happen again.Found the clip: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DBSAeqdcZAM
Seriously, what is that thing?
This made me giggle out loud 
We call it a scrotum.
Prosciutto?
I'm going to make my best (partly) educated guess that this roof is not in an area that gets much or any snow so as long as it doesn't leak, the owner didn't care.
Why would a roof need to survive a chimney being dropped on it? Most modern asphalt shingle roofs are just some plywood resting on 2x4s, this would probably fall through that too.
could be an old home built when there were less strict regulations
The wooden structure looks rotten. 
really 
I thought it looked like a sack of potatoes.  No real idea.
Because someone said this is a bad idea, the other guys said nah, and the logical thing to do then is to start filming.
Could've ...?
But did you die? BUT DID YOU DIE!?
Good ol' 1950s right there (up to 1950s at least. This house could be older)
A complete set up.
I think you forgot a
Are there drying meats hanging from the ceiling?
/r/repliesthatendtoosoo
Someone should make /r/gifsthatendtooEdit: oh. Someone did.
The most frustrating subreddit ever made.
I was more interested in finding out what that hanging yellow thing was. 
It's a conspiracy to get more comments. 
I almost read that as circumcision.
I imagine they thought it would slide down the roof. Like their hopes and dreams.
It looks like they were trying to set it down easy but just lost the grip or it was too heavy. I don't think they meant to drop it like that. 
Maybe they didn't think a bunch of bricks mortared together was heavy?
No, it's cool. You stand right here. We'll all be up on the roof throwing bricks at you.
And Stick'em on his gloves
You send your lowest-paid worker to go stand at the fireplace and move the bricks.
I would throw them off the roof
That's when you realize he was joking.
Yeah, that roof was crap.  The removal of the chimney might've been the first part of repairing/switching it out, though.
Wait.. was your grandfather in the hole? Did he survive?
Usually a hammer and a stout chisel, break them off on or two at a time. Or if you're a real contractor doing this often, getting a small jackhammer would be worth the investment. 
> They're lucky nobody fell through.That is what I was thinking. Better the chimney find the weak points in the roof than me--it can take a fall.
Pre-Disastered. Going to not remember that one when I could use it in a perfect situation.
GOL!
My best guess is this is in the UK (given the shit roof, shit weather, and shit builders).
I'm going to take a wild guess and say it also does not get a lot of chimney precipitation.
But does that make it on the Chimney Sweep or the Homeowner to fix the damage? Because I can only assume there is a building code for that kind of thing.
I don't think so. Roofs are typically approximately 5/8 thick plywood. That chimney wasn't all that heavy and it didn't fall far. That would NOT. break through a modern roof. That roof was weak, old and probably dry rooted to Hell. Was a carpenter/construction manager for 7 years.
Judging by the fact that the shingles are wooden shakes and the presence of what appears to be a fuckin' ham hanging from the rafters in the attic, I'd say this is in a very old, remote European village. 
That roof probably is to code for that type shingle. The chimney also fell right between the rafters.http://www.lugabrit.com.ua/en/assemb.phpThese guys were just lazy, but I suspect they were re-roofing and didn't care.
Yeh
I think it can still work if
God, it's the candlejack situation all over a
I thought it was hanging meat at first but I rewatched it and it's pink insulation.
Looks like a sack of potatoes or something 
Looked to me like something an alien would fly out of and begin destroying the entire human race, and there's at least 2 of them.  They just caused the apocalypse with their clumsiness and stupidity.
You being downvoted just confirms the conspiracy. They are trying to erase us!
Takes just the tip off the GIF :)
Leaving an incredible path of destruction, removing old shingles they plan on replacing anyways. Similar to their career paths which have lead them to this point in their lives. 
Yea if you look closely it looks like the corner breaks the floor and it tips in causing both of them to lose grip on it because it went slightly in before falling through. I def think it was an accident though.
It becomes too heavy as soon as they lowered it below 45*, causing the full weight of the chimney to suddenly shift to their hands when previously most was still being supported from underneath.
That's the top of a chimney though, that's at least 40 bricks. If they thought that would be light then they've never touched a brick before. 
If you can dodge bricks... 
That's why you're not the chimney-taker-downer.
You could do that at first, but most of the chimney is below the roof.
My grandma was in the house but I believe he may have been working in a different part of the house when it happened (On the roof for some reason?). He did survive and finished the basement some years later. I'll get the full story from him next time I see him, him and my father were a bit known for some of the antics they pulled...
Addon. You can get wide, flat bladed chisels for just this type of work. 
I've fallen through a roof once. I got stuck up to my waist, my tool pouches flipped up and weredigging into my ribs, and my feet could just barely touch the rafters underneath. The problem I ran into was that since the boards were all broken facing downward, if I pushed myself up, they just dug into me.  I couldn't reach my cell phone, but the homeowner was there, and he crawled up into the attic in New Orleans in September and used a claw hammer to pull the wood off of me so I could get free.  It was hot AF in that attic. Major swampass going on. Biglee.Got down from the roof, went to the truck to get some Gatorade. Oh hey, man, you're bleeding.  Yeah, yeah, yeah, I'll get a transfusion, right now I desperately need to replace all those electrolytes I just dripped off my balls.
The person inside making a cuppa for the hard workers on the roof, not so much.
Had a buddy fall through a roof while doing a repair. It was hilarious,, he was a cocky 21 year old. He was totally fine, no injuries whatsoever, luckily. Masonry will always find the weak spot in everything it touches (so long as its on top)
I'm sure a building inspector will have to check out the rest of the roof now to make sure it's safe. It would be a legal matter but I assume if an inspector says the roof was structurally unsafe, which seems to be the case, it would be on the homeowner
Not usually. The roofs I've worked on are usually between 3/8 and a 1/2. 5/8 and 3/4 inch ply is usually used on floors.
I think you underestimate how much a chimney weighs.
Dude, you guys aren't finishing your
Who's this candlejack fellow? Isn't he one of tho
I think it was the goo stuff from the Super Mario Bros movie.
Only in Ireland
Haha, you def think it was an accident? What gave it away?
They both instinctively touch it even after it's basically gone like they are going to stop it some how. Classic oh shit reaction to a holy fuck type situation.
I know it's hard to spot sarcasm in 2017, but I'm pretty sure that is sarcasm.
They'd lose at least $10mil in IQ. 
That's what I'm thinking. I was just curious if anyone would have responded with oh hell no or something to the alike.
Always 1/2 sidewall, 3/4 subfloor, 5/8 roof sheathing. I wouldn't want to see a house with 3/8 roof sheathing. My god! Some roofs are 2' on center trusses. 3/8 you would just fall through. We never used 3/8 for anything structural. Now you are just pulling my leg.
Yeah. That thing is 10 rows tall with about 3 bricks per side. Average brick weighs 5 pounds. 10 x 3 x 4 x 5 = 600 pounds in a very small footprint.
No. I looked at it again. I estimate it weighs less than 400 lbs. 5/8 roof sheathing plywood would have held up fine, believe me. No question. My question is, what the fuck did they think would happen? Best case scenario, the chimney slides off the roof, breaking tiles the whole way, then falls on someone's head. WTF?  If you look, there is no roof sheathing at all. This roof is just 1x2 strapping to hold the shingles. It didn't stand a chance! Just having strapping isn't that unusual. It is even done in the States sometimes for cedar shakes. I've done roofs like that. But no. No self respecting plywood roof would have given way to a few dozen bricks. No way.
what were we talking 
Breakfast?
Geez this is an old reference what is this 20-
You mean they weren't installing a skylight? 
Well, I'm not sure video recording two guys on a roof is the typical thing to do enough times where someone somewhere happens to catch a chimney falling through the roof.
What bette saying is that they weren't actually dropping it thinking the roof would hold. The dropping was the accident, not thinking the roof was strong enough. 
Such meta
Yea I'm no expert. Just using my brief construction experience and common sense to inform my comments
Nope we do 24 o/c trusses and 7/16 sheathing h clips midspan and I can run around on the sheets. A flat roof would be 5/8ths though
have you ever lifted a brick before? 500Lbs+
Goddamn fucking reddit, it doesn't get any funnier the fiftieth time you make the same exact joke. I seriously hate all of
What the
Yeah that chimney broke through the roof fast. 
You have to say candlejack for him t
That's fair.
Finally the correct answer...
Dude, don't be a
You sir, just demonstrated the rule of Plus-One in comedic timing. If the fifth time has lost its luster, then the sixth (if done with self-reference to the fifth no longer being funny) becomes hilarious and provokes a laugh.
What's going
I think it's supposed to be a
Are we still talking about chicken taco shells?
That's slightly terrifying
Moon Moon on some good drugs.
Cocaaaiiiine!
The face you see immediately before you die a violent death
kate beckinsale? 
Holy shit lmao
Cute, but all I can imagine is that face floating out of the darkness Cheshire-cat style, annnnnd I just wet my pants.
My, what big teeth you have.
[Reminds me of this](http://i.imgur.com/Roypnh8.jpg)
I FUCKING LOVE SNOW 
Looks like Riff Raff
Huskies will literally let ppl in your house to rob you blind. They don't give AF about anything except chasing marmots and jumping fences. 
It's the Nothing! 
r/scp
Riff Raff making the same facehttps://cdn.zumic.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/03/riff-raff-aquaberry-shark-teeth-paul-wall-2014.jpg
*Sleep Thight*
That could be the best dog photo in history.
Her expression looks like she's thinking, It is fucking freeeeeezing!
That's some clean teeth. 
Nice to see a husky where it should be instead of on the UK streets panting all the time because it's too warm. But hey, I guess some people like to look cool by owning a dog that looks a bit like a wolf....so who the fuck cares if it's appropriate for the breed.
It rubs the snow on its fur or it gets the flea treatment again.Eh. Doesn't have the same ring to it.
Thats handsome fucking husky.
When I first looked at this I thought the dog was buried under the snow with only his head popping out.
Acid is a helluva drug. 
This is just begging for some kind of Black Metal photoshop.
crazy creepy cute terror of a huskyI like her
As beautiful as her eyes are goddamned is this face not slightly terrifying if you just take a quick glance.
I SHALL DINE ON YOUR SNOWBALLS TONIGHT
terrible
And it's inaccurate because [this guy](http://starcasm.net/wp-content/uploads/2009/12/CharlieSheenMugRev.jpg)  likes that snow more than anyone 
Heeeeeres Doggy!
nah, as a husky owner that's just a classic goofy derping face.
Is a helluva drug....
Kate Barkinsale.
But when the marmots come to kill you, and they bring fences, you really want that husky watching your back.Four marmots came to kill me one day. My husky looked at them just like this.
If I had enough money to gold you I'd probably buy a burger
Fuck yo couch...
Charlie Murphy!!
I greatly enjoy watching it getting blown away. 
This was too good. The bird was adorable 
I hope the camera can move , bit silly to have 3/4 of the view obstructed by the metal what ever that is
source: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3or_Y4mwwMM :)
His name is Mike.Mike Hawk 
It looks so adorable I want to squeeze it and never let go just leeching that cuteness out of it. But I know that kind of cuteness, it ends in being clawed to death. Source: cat owner. 
I'd fuck me
Never realized how annoying it would be to be a bird on a windy day. 
Wut you lookin at fam
This just looks like a weatherbirdypresenting a live report on a birdy news network about heavy winds that are hitting their birdy city.
Fun fact: While widely considered a raptor and thus by association commonly related to hawks and eagles, falcons are actually a quite distinct lineage, more closely related to parrots than to the other raptor birds.
what's the camera pointed at anyway? 
Pretty falcon.  Too bad he was being blown all over the place.
This traffic is for the birds.
What a pretty bird. Good reminder that curiosity knows no bounds. 
Damn, I'm looking pretty damn fly
http://i.imgur.com/3KRKBVS.gif
Dat Kestrel (_)
*sweats nervously*
What kind of camera angle is that?  It's like nearly 50% of the field of view is taken up by the base that the camera is mounted on.
While it's cute to imagine the bird is pondering itself, it's very unlikely.       It probably sees the reflection and thinks its a mate or another hawk to fight with. I know, bursting bubbles is a bad thing. I'm just a horrible person living in reality.
Is that what my feathers look like from the back?
Awwww da cutest fluffuur!!!
ADORABLE
Lemme smash
''Damn I look good''
Is this where Shia moved his camera?
Is that you John Wayne? 
It's like nearly 50% of the view obstructed by the base that the camera is mounted on.
HE WILL NOT DIVIDE US
oh shit dat me
Magnificent creature. Beautiful plumage.
With audio, I'm sure we would have heard a solid Bababooey .(Hit me with the Hiiiiiiiiiiien)
Whoa how'd he get all the way up there??
*Skyping with your Mom for the first time*
Theres a coin on top of the camera pole. Something likes shiny objects maybe and carried it uo there?
My buddy 
R/aww material here. 
Is that you John Wayne?
I still cannot look at a bird without seeing that picture showing their ears in my mind.
/r/aww
Is that me?Is that me STRONGER then me?I'LL FUCKING KILL ME
And in the background you can see that semi that is destined to crush a cop car
It's a meee....
It's so curious 
Is this a hawkeye camera?
Haha, this is in the UK. Cute and funny birdy. I like this. :) 
Actual joke: 100 pointsShort gif of a hawk doing fucking nothing: 8000 points/r/funny everyone
Don't let this distract you from the fact that the Golden State Warriors blew a 3-1 lead in the N.B.A. Finals
It keeps coming back! Here's another gif of it: http://i.imgur.com/aaLRI8s.gifv :)
In my head I can hear the sound of his claws screeching as he slides.
RIP.
This camera is used to make sure those bolts don't come loose.
Traffic camera major here: it appears the camera covers the main freeway to the left, but the operator disregarded his duties because he/she saw this bird and would rather watch it than the 300 car pile up that is out of frame. The camera is now viewing the on ramp of that highway and our bird friend here. While the operator smiles at natures best, hundreds of people have died because the operator failed to perform the duties of traffic camera operation. The twist of this is, the bird is playing a part in this. While you, the viewer, may think the bird is being cute. It's bird friends are the cause of the deaths of the drivers and carnage below out of frame. The bird isn't being blown by the wind, it's from the blasts of fuel tankers on the highway as the other birds continue the onslaught. Please don't be fooled. 
Maybe he managed to move it or tilt it down
The end had me laughing xD
[WE NOW GO LIVE TO TOUCAN AND TRAFFIC ON THE EIGHTS! WHAT'S IT LIKE OUT THERE, TOUCAN?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZGXzA8J8CTE)
Bummer had the crow not shown up, it would've looked like it found love at first site with itself that slowly devolved into an abusive relationship.
Is he related to Mike Hunt?
It's a kestrel
Rescued a kestrel a few months ago. They're very cuddly. As long as you're wearing leather gloves designed for handling cactus. [Kestrel](http://i.imgur.com/rP2o81E.jpg)
I'd fuck me so hard
Depends on what kind of bird you are. The crows where I live seem to just enjoy riding the wind like a roller coaster.
are you falcon with me?
It's meant to be watching traffic, however it looks like a boring day, so the operator turned it to look at the kestrel lol
It's a kestrel. They are very pretty.
Cameras like this one mounted near major roads can often be remotely controlled to examine the carriageway from many angles. I imagine the operator of this particular camera has it at this angle to watch the kestrel.
Hard to get a good look at it.. hard to believe it's a coin, does look like it though. 
*U FUKIN WOT M8!*
I'm a little slow, what is the title supposed to mean? I thought it might have been from the perspective of the bird like he's seeing himself on camera but this looks to be a remote traffic camera so there wouldn't be any monitor for him to see himself on.
Did that hawk just use quick attack?
Traffic camera major I had to do a double take of this, nice. 
Same
No but I think he's cousins with Mike Rotch.
No, but he is the uncle of Mike Oxlong
Who the fuck is Mike Kestrel? 
>They're very cuddly.thanks
Hello there cute Mr. Kestrel, I love Kestrels
yes we are
Is that a raven/crow fucking with him. FUCK crows.
It is from the perspective of the bird; the bird sees his reflection in the camera lens, not on a monitor. :)
Reflection from the camera, I'm assuming?
Who lives next door to Mike Untstinks.
A dog
That's a Miss Kestrel! Even at fledging, male American Kestrels will have blue wings.
This needs more up votes.
Magpie
But they are awesome!
Here's the thing... it's a jackdaw.
But Ibus's love nothing because their fucking dead inside
She is Batman's villain http://www.mdcu-comics.fr/encyclo/personnage/magpie/105/.
No.  It's a magpie, as seen in Britain. They do look different from US magpies if I remember from my holiday. Here is a RSPB reference pic of a magpie. https://www.rspb.org.uk/Images/magpie1_tcm9-65582.jpg?width=768&height=432&crop=auto Here is a European jackdaw. http://warehouse1.indicia.org.uk/upload/Jackdaw1_BradgatePk_19Sep05.JPGSource: like birds and am british
Makes you wish there were some corvid expert we could consult to suss this out
Here we go again..
[Hmmm.. It's really not though.](http://images.fineartamerica.com/images-medium-large-5/a-magpie-tommy-hammarsten.jpg)
Here's really the thing.. they are all assholes to the fullest extent of the definition. 
It's a meme.
Source...https://www.reddit.com/r/circlejerkcopypasta/comments/2ceq3u/heres_the_thing_you_said_a_jackdaw_is_a_crow/
Eurasian Magpies and Black-billed Magpies look basically identical, but there's another species in the US that looks very slightly different, the Yellow-billed Magpie. There's a fourth species in the same genus that also looks identical to the first two. Some sources even lump them all into one species and treat them as subspecies.
Like, a singular Daniel...
Look /u/jackdaw33, your moment has come!
It's a joke reference to Unidan...https://www.reddit.com/r/circlejerkcopypasta/comments/2ceq3u/heres_the_thing_you_said_a_jackdaw_is_a_crow/
*Baby come back*
I can't believe Canada is giving us the cold shoulder. I blame snowden.
It was amazing to see every Canadian gathering to build this wall. And I mean EVORYONE came out. My uncle from Winnipeg, my cousin from Vancouver, hell even from Janet from Cape Breton came out! 
[Night gathers and now my watch begins.](http://vignette4.wikia.nocookie.net/gameofthrones/images/f/f5/The_Wall.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20150323200738)
winter is coming
I predicted this snow wall. I even said the snow Mexicans would pay for the snow wall. 
Mr. President, Canada built a wall made out of snow.Alright. Get the space heaters and tear it down.
Worryingly I'd rather have white walkers on the other side than Trump.
lol. but isnt this japan?
Yet every time I turn around I see a fucking  Canadian. They don't send their best. They send all of their condescending assholes who never apologize. 
good ol' mario kart anyone?
Good. Keep your damn grumpkins and snarks up there where they belong.
Watched this for 15 seconds thinking the car was moving
http://i.imgur.com/E3OyuLf.gif
And in true Canadian fashion, they've added a bunch of nooks and crannies to make it convenient to climb.
We're not paying for that fucking thing.
This is clearly a penguin conspiracy. 
Shes no wall, but shes a fine moat.
Its chilling to think that Trump would even consider such a thing.
That's a picture from Tug Hill in Northern New York
You know nothing. 
http://m.imgur.com/vlbUC?r
Keep the white walkers on there side 
This reminds me of that one racing course , Frappe Snowland , from the game Mario Kart for the n64 
Is it tall enough to keep Sarah fucking Palin out? Hey guys, we need more ice.
We'll just drive our truck boat trucks over that sum bitch. 
This looks like a map of Snowboard Kids.
But does it keep the Trump's out?
Donald Trump just tweeted that Mother Nature will pay so big for this wall!
You know nothing tru-deau!
where was this picture taken, and when?
The North Wall
It's not working:http://www.inforum.com/news/4212856-worried-about-trump-asylum-seekers-walk-cold-road-nd-canadian-borderSnow's probably only about knee deep there though. 
*sshh!* Better keep this on the down low. Otherwise, the Americans will realise we are walling them *in*, and pull funding for the southern wall.
That's just the icing on the cake. Don't worry, with global warming, just-ice will prevail.
Jon Snowden 
You know Jim right? He's a good fella to. 
What about Mike, from Canmore? 
It shall not end until my death.
Wait, if there's a wall of ice between the US and Canada, does that make Canadians Wildlings or White Walkers? I'm thinking Toronto is White Walker territory and the rest are the free folk.
Nothing they wouldn't do for a double double and some tim bits from Timmy's eh. 
I think they took back Chad Kroeger.
We got some bad hosers up here.
[Nothing to see here folks, just an average day in Canada](https://i.chzbgr.com/full/8456982784/h73F722B2/)
... slow clap
That pun was cold I froze up thinking of a cool response 
Global warming isn't real - POTUS
Jim his great! Say hi to him and his wife for me!
Hi. I'm Mike. From Canmore.
I shall take no wife, hold no lands, father no children.
And FYI if I come back to life it still counts.
I know for a ***fact*** we apologized already for Shania Twain.But we also give you William Shatner. So, we more than made up for the Chads, Justins and Shanias we send your way.
In all reality, most conservatives believe global warming is real. Just the cause is disputed.
Sure will! Make sure ya tells Mary she still owes me fuckin $20. 
I shall wear no crowns and win no glory.
She offers you $5.65 in Canadian Tire money and a couple half spent timmy cards
I shall live and die at my post. I am the sword in the darkness.
**WOMAN RECEIVES BOUQUET OF HEART DISEASE**
http://i.imgur.com/LaGmmER.gifv
https://imgur.com/Zmp12Il
I just got fat looking at that.
Bitches love calories 
I rarely ever see this kind of humour (Facebook humour?) on reddit and usually whenever it's posted it gets ridiculed, yet this one got to the top of reddit somehow? 
This is the first time I've seen something on Facebook before reddit
Say I love you....the Homer Simpson way.
My husband legit got me [this] (https://img.grouponcdn.com/deal/uAEwTvVBXah5FnMazFsY/Ed-1000x600) today, while saying, I know it's early but...Much better than flowers ^_^
I want a girl.  Can give some food. 
never thought i'd see such a shit post with so many upvotes
This true. Women love to eat. This is why so many woman date losers just to go out to a restaraunt. My husband walks in with my favorite fast food every time I am annoyed with him. So yeah I'm picking fights..
Their relationship is progressing.  Flowers are for girlfriends trying to stay sexy.  Fried fattening foods are for wives who don't give a shit anymore.
Hello Facebook 
Ha ha???
Ha ha ha do u guys get it it is because women like to eat lots of junk food am I right everyone? This has to be one of the most relatable clips on the entire interwebs I've ever seen! Practically splitting at my sides! How do these people always know exactly what everyone else is thinking/relating to all the time?! Boy does my female companion/girlfriend/fianc/wife/friend act just like the woman in this clip! So relatable! Women don't want romance, except when they do! They only want money and junk food! Ha ha ha ha ha! Great joke once again. So relatable. 
this is some normie shit right here
Bloody Mary fixings are getting out of hand
I saw this fucking shit on Facebook two fucking days ago.Could this sub get any shittier.
I can't wait for this trend to die. We get it, you like the food that just about every other person likes. Liking donuts or nuggets or pizza or cats doesn't make you super special and unique. It stopped being funny around the time that pizza print tights became a thing.
Man, this is lazy humour. 
This is dumb 
You can go ahead and put me down for one of those as well.
I think my GF would do anal if I gave her one of those.
oh snap he even put chicken tendies in there.
I like flowers, they liven up any room, and generally raise my spirits.            That food looks disgusting.
Welp...that's disgusting.
Gross food for gross person. 
Diabetes?
DAE le food?
[OP a few weeks later](http://1000uglypeople.com/wp-content/uploads/Fat-Girl-Fail-%E2%80%93-Ugly-Fat-People-Gifs.gif)
Edible derangements 
You earn a females heart through their stomach.
Bu- But everything is going to be stone cold.
She should be very happy. She got nice smelling flowers AND food, I wish I was a girl 
That is kind of disgusting on so many levels.
Do you want a fat gf? Because that's how you get a fat gf
Because all of us men want a fat, ugly, bitch as a partner.That chick is a low 6 to begin with. Eating shit like that will quickly relegate her to a 4 or less.
/r/punchablefaces
Wow, what a punchable face.
/r/Trollxchromosomes is leaking
I feel uncomfortable because now that food is full of hair.
7/10, because he forgot the tub of ice cream.If you've never had fries, chicken nuggets, or donuts with vanilla icecream, well lemme be the first to tell ya that you are missing out on some great shit. You'll seriously hate yourself afterwards, but the gastric bliss is [almost] worth it.
Same woman - Ugh, I hate that bitch, she can eat whatever she wants and stays thin.  I go to the gym twice a week for 25 minutes, I don't understand.
How repugnant 
She is gonna poke her eye out on one of the sticks
There are two types of people in the world, the ones who reacted like _oh my sweet god... I need that_ and the ones who reacted like _oh my sweet god... Don't encourage her._
Someone photoshop that second bouquet into a bunch of dildos
That's fucking gross.
This is something I would see on Facebook and cringe over. 
Oh i get it. Cuz reddit chicks are fat
Wheb she got the roses I was like aww, then I saw the look on her face and thought you ungrateful bitch. Then I saw the real gift and understood her look of disappointment before.
I can't unsee that the shot of the food bouquet turning right before she takes a bite was shot after she took the bite.
Forget flowers, this Valentine's get your sweetheart diabetes, FattyCo not responsible for heart attack or death. 
This subreddit is Facebook memes
Diabetes?
What a cow
If I got a girl flowers and she had that reaction I highly doubt I'd buy her more gifts. 
No Amy Schumer, I will not be your fucking valentine.Back to the stock yard with you.
Hah.. sorry boys but i'm not like the OTHER girls. Guess what? I like FOOD more than FLOWERS!! lmbo!! N guess what else, I like the junk food, not the salads!! LOL. U might think that bcuz i'm a girl I'd order the salad and just pick at it but ... NOPE hahahaha, don;t get me the bouqet, get me a cheeseburger!! xDDD
That chick already has fat bitch neck, this is only going to make her disease worse
Haha I'm a girl but I love food it's so quirky :3
Is it bad I thought a dildo was going to emerge out of the bouquet..?
Watch your weight, chubby. Or i'll dump you
You can tell this is filmed in London because of how her face looks
Such a waste of good for a sophomoric attempt at humor. 
good to see my initial instinct pans out.  I treat *all* social interactions as if trying to tame a large and potentially dangerous animal into loving me by bribing it with food.
Oscar for best acting in a gif. 
holy carbs
And she'll still only give him a hallmark card in return.
I just want a  bouquet of video games, and not really a bouquet.. just a bunch of steam games. 
Frankie Muniz, is that you
That bite was all bread!
Really upholding ourselves to quality posts aren't we Reddit? This is Facebook level entertainment.
All I see are room temperate McDonald's fries.uuuhhhhghghgg
It's funny because she's a fat hog and food is more important than love.
Just looking at it I wanna hurl.
Oh. This is supposed to be funny
But what do I get her if she *already* has diabetes?
r/redditisfacebookSeriously, this is stupid.
I'd be pretty happy with some flowers... or, you know, anything from anyone...   
She used the ugliest thank you expression 
Fuck that, I don't want cold chips. They'd be stale.
hahaha women being pigs like men is funny and good\- Facebook
This is so awesome because I bought my girlfriend doughnuts for Valentine's Day (we don't get to spend actual Valentine's Day together so we are celebrating this weekend) and she was so happy.
I thought the stick was gonna go into her nose.
Why can't we just be happy that someone went out of their way to get us something? Damn
Me three!
a diabetesuquet ?!you shouldnt have!
New relationship vs long term.  
Chicks love them fancy bloody mary's. 
So... Is there a video, or...
There will not be a second valentines day
He must really love her.
Can't wait to see this on Facebook! /s
Her reaction is how a porno starts.
she couldn't fuck enough to burn off all those calories
[Relevant C.H.O.](https://youtu.be/XGYpgu7aygo?t=40m15s) on what to bring for Valentine's Day. 
Is this Jess Perkins?
then she wonders why she is getting fat
ew that's disgusting, not funny.
OMG WOMEN LOVE FOOD RIGHT!? BUT IT'S TOUGH BECAUSE IT MAKES THEM FAT. HAHAHAHAHAROFLMAO!! ^_^!!!...
Yeah, forget the flowers, have some cancer and heart disease and diabetes
If my boyfriend gave me a bouquet of bud he'd def have a good night 
Diabetes and Heart Disease? 
Someone photoshop a dick popping out of those flowers please. Thanks in advance 
This really sucks 
Who actually takes their time to create this fucking trash?
Gluttonous. 
Holy fucking shit, Reddit! I thought it was funny. Damn. 
Someone hire her, she's good.
'Murrica
If reddit comments are any indication, lots of redditors would be happy to get anything at all.
As a man, I d take that too.
fuck, I want that for valentines day too.  It looks delicious.
How many calories is that?
Where do I get that... 
What if I were to find a nice chunk of diorite and somehow tumble and grind it into the shape of a heart?My ex was a geological engineering major (from your username I assume something similar?)... I bought her flowers once and she said that I should buy her rocks instead. 
Diabeetus and stretchy pants, that's what she wants.
while decapitated plants may be a letdown, then this looks a big disgusting 
You want obesity for valentines day?
Roight, I'll tell you wot you fat little cunt
I wonder how bad I'd feel throwing that away.
I mean, fair enough. Trying to justify the joke made me look like a d bag.I'm just saying if she made that face from getting roses, is be hurt
They have Simpsons donuts (pink with sprinkles), but did the Simpsons have those donuts because that's what Matt Groening though donuts looked like, or do people make those donuts because they saw them on the Simpsons?Guess we'll never know.
At first glance she acts very well. But then watch her take a bite of that burger she looks like she's hating life. #doitforthegif
ugh stale and cold burges very nasty. and also that mouthful of cold bun.
The bite really sealed the deal for me. Although if I'm being honest, I just want one entirely of burgers. 
My sister questioned my judgment for giving my then gf a bouquet of liquor, all of my gf's friends asked if they could trade what their boyfriends gave them for the alcohol. 
I'd like [this, instead.](https://i.imgur.com/vIxY4ls.jpg)
Is that a McGangBang?
You can just have that. I assume you are an employed adult; you can just go buy and eat something like that if you want.
le so randum xdd
Welcome to Fast Food Nation
All I want is someone that would be happy to get a valentine from me Well, back to netflix. 
r/I'mSerious r/I'mNotJokingr/NoReallyThisIsWhatIWant
[I think SHARI'S BERRIES makes those](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rl5JDzvkEA0)
Just, no.
But I did 24 roses, teddy bear, 24 ferro rochers, heart shaped chocolate cake and a bottle of wine from Italy.
Same.
Wow, I saw this on facebook last week.  Reddit has really lost its touch.
Where's the pizza?!?
LPT: Airplane size bottles of alcohol and M&Ms make a great filler to hold in the skewers!
yeah no thanks
This needs to be a variant of those edible arrangements. Edible arrangements: Diabetes editon
You can see the exact moment when she climaxed. Looks like we finally figured women out. 
And then women start to complain how fat they are. Cute.
The idea of getting a girl food over flowers is getting recycled so much it'll become one of the most posted memes this year.
I can't believe I saw this on Facebook first.
Damn. And here all I want is a stable romantic relationship with someone I can go on adventures with. But then again, I should probably go outside first. 
the 2nd gift is so the ungrateful bitch would develop diabetes or have a heart attack and die.
I don't like getting flowers either, but I'd rather get a bouquet of fruit than that monstrosity.
Bitch I don't even have a Valentine
For my husband's birthday I always get him a plate of donuts from his favorite donut place, Sidecar, which makes small batches of  fresh donuts each hour. I put candles in them, light them and wake him up singing happy birthday. My mom did this for my family with cake, but eating rich chocolate cake in the morning always made sick, so we changed it up. A donut hole bouquet sounds like a great idea for Valentine's Day.
All I could think about was how those burgers have gone to waste D:
The only thing I thought: my God, there must be a million calories!
did you miss 2016? who can blame her for wanting to end it.
The best way to get someone's heart. Destroy it.
True romance. 
r/PeopleFuckingDying
Nothing says I love you like a heart attack
/r/PeopleFuckingDying 
Yeah, I'm sure eating flowers is perfectly good for you.
'MERACUH!!
I couldn't have said it better myself. 
Quite the username!
i thought when she bit it that the pointy end was gonna go right up her nose
The safeword is Will you marry me?
I don't get itedit: oh i think he got kidnappededit 2: oh the girlfriend kidnapped him
>GmmER girl 
http://m.imgur.com/vqMOTbo?r.gif
She's got lovely hair
I always love this gif, is there any back story on it?
     ()                            
()
I point my fingers with this guy every time I see this gif.
Humpty Hump went to prison?
Source?
Your perception of time is distorted. You were already fat.
It was literally McDonalds cheeseburgers on a stick.
Yea but that's my low key type of woman lol
That looks terrible but I can't even judge.My husband makes me a heart-shaped pizza for Valentine's and I wouldn't have it any other way.Pizza + sex = way to my heart
Not pregnant, just eatin good   
But calories don't love us
It's all the ladies agreeing.
What is Reddit coming to?
Are you kidding? Half of Reddit is days-old memes I've already seen on Facebook.
I know right? This is facebook humor. This lady has another side! Put a ring on her! Seems like the title for it :pMaybe even Vine humor without the benfit of it being short.
It's gets a pass because it fits this subreddit perfectly by being not funny.
It should have stayed on Facebook
Then stay off facebook, jesus man.
Saw this on buzzed first. I'm ashamed
I thought I was on Facebook for a second. 
So, you like donuts, eh? Well have all the donuts in the world! 
Nope not at all man. The homer Simpsons way would've been a bowling ball, and homer would've eaten all those donuts, burgers and so on.
I'm wearing my moo-moo, boo. 
three simple words
What's a Chupa Chup (am I reading that right)?
I saw these and wanted to eat some of them
He's a keeper
hey it's me ur girl
If you can get passed the fact that I'm a dude, I'll take some of that food...
You must be new here. Welcome to r/funny
100 percent of all humans alive surveyed say  food is important.  
My husband knows I count my calories too closely to bring me random high calorie foods more than a few times a month. But if I'm pissed off he can bring me that sausage and all is forgiven    
It's like the best of both worlds. Treat me to my faves with zero judgement! It really is romantic. 
DAE wives are fat and gross?!
> Fried fattening foods are for wives who don't give a shit anymore.This is how you become an ex wife.
R/upvotedbecausegirl
Are you ok?
Seriously I just want celery and olives, definitely not bacon and cheesburgers and shit, a bloody mary is already salt motherfuckin' overload...
Wait for the repost in 3 days, sub will have gotten shittier. 
Don't ask questions you don't want to know the answers to...you'd expect more from reddit, but sadly, that's not the case anymore
get this --- it's a girl -- but she'd rather eat pizza and drink wine than go out to a club lmao am i right 
> donuts or nuggets or pizza or catsOne of these things is not like the others
on you. #Banevoice
you might wanna do that *before* she eats it.
At least it matches her. 
Nice watermark
> You earn a ~~females~~ person's heart through their stomach.FTFY. Doesn't matter if you are male or female, the fastest way to someone's heart is through their stomach.
You might want to wait until 2020 to get started on that.
Beautiful! Just in time for the valentines sprit!
[Thaaaanks](https://media.giphy.com/media/zVvg4z8nwWAvu/giphy.gif)
Charming
Now that's what I wanted to hear!! Have a great one buddy! Cheers!
It already is.  In Texas, it's a dozen tacos.  Taco Tuesday...ya know? Edit:  Oh...wait.  Just saw Whataburger on there too!
she's the sex
I concur!  Lot of cynical bastards!
All of them.
two, surprinsingly
First thing I thought is: is that a bunch of $1 menu McDonald's food? Could've at least gotten some better quality junk food, geez cheap ass.
A quick Google says:12 mini donuts, 640.   5 donuts, 1000.   4 cheeseburgers, 1200.   20 Mcnuggets, 960.   1 large fries, 500.   4300 calories total.   Phelps could eat 2 of those bouquets and have room for dessert. 
Well I guess we'll just have to find a way to burn them all off (   )
My best friend, who is lesbian, never buys flower for her girlfriend. She's not romantic, she thinks buying flowers is overrated. She got that from me, her mom thinks I have a _great_  influence on her. _^Spoiler: ^her ^mom ^^hates ^^my ^^guts_Her girlfriend was telling her how she wished she'd buy her flowers. My best friend said No I'm not buying you flowers. If I buy you something I'll buy you something fun that we can share. Like fresh donuts from Tim HortonHer girlfriend's reaction was oh yes!!!! let's go buy donuts!!! They went and bought donuts right after.Edit: TB;DR so basically, she did same as on the picture. On a smaller scale. It worked.  Edit 2: silly me, forgot to write her girlfriend's reaction. I wrote it now.
She's going to eat it? I thought it was a sex toy.
I know, isn't it great?!
you must be fun... 
The only thing I thought was, Donuts are from 7-11. Those powdered mini-donuts are shit. Mmm McDonald's dollar menu. I'm getting fat. I should get some donuts though. I wonder what Paul Rudd is doing right now. 
Well after valentines day she will most likely be eating for 2
Nothing says I will love you no matter what like a bouquet of burgers and donuts.
r/watchpeopledie
Roses *are* actually. Rose hips are the best source of Vitamin C. Although most modern Roses that are used in Bouquets do not grow rose hips, since they were specifically made to create flowers rather than fruit.
You're trying too hard 
Yes because she's very hot. 
She's the girl who ended being the overly attached girlfriend meme. I assume what's happening is that in the video she had a guy strapped to the chair, but when she brought him cookies or whatever it is, he wasn't there.
Here's the whole thing.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_rgzlOAlAkc 
That's not the only thing you don't get
Everything 
her skin would make a very classy lampshade
Sure is
http://detroit.cbslocal.com/2014/09/24/inmates-unforgettable-pick-up-line-unleashed-in-court-video/
[Here is also the video of the incident](https://youtu.be/i4QYvXpaXlY)
> any back storydat ass
The episode is on Netflix. It's a show about women behind bars, maybe episode ~~15 or 16~~.Edit: episode 8Source: http://tv-episodes.prettyfamous.com/l/7583500/Thicker-Than-a-Bowl-of-Oatmeal
Google gives me [this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eusysgjOCIs) 
()  |
(  ) 
()
I want this guy pointing to be on a t-shirt.
ONE OF US.
His extreme gravitational pull is warping space time
HAHAHAHA
The flow of time is convoluted in Lardran
HIDEBU!
Is that you in thr bushes outside my window? How else would you know that I'm a fat shit. 
American shishkabab
Am pregnant, now have an excuse.  
Flowers? Oh great, I get to watch something wilt and die. Jewelry? I'm very picky and end up not liking half of what I buy *myself*. Good try, though.A nice dinner? A (quality) box of chocolates? Oh god. Take me now...
Isn't food hilarious!?! Ahahahahahahaha
Yeah, I don't get how this made the front page. It's like a forward from grandma. 
Fuck facebook 
[Jesus Man](http://imgur.com/a/9jzKo)
I don't understand it.  James Coco went mad in fifteen minutes!
Om om om om om om om om om... 
Would have, or would've.
It's a brand of lollipops.
Chupa chups. Brand of lollipop. Their logo was designed by Salvador Dali. That's all I know.
The best brand of lollipops... though Dum Dums are the best size.
Not with that username you're not, come back when its safe to do butt stuff.
Username checks out
I can't get past the fact that you erroneously wrote *passed*.
You'll have to wear a skirt at least.
*Sigh* well lets get a peep at the goods first, send some pics and we'll go from there.
holy euphemism batman
> But if I'm pissed off he can bring me that sausage and all is forgivenBut when I do this try to do this, my GF just gets even more mad...
I can bring you an even bigger and better sausage
So are husbands so it's not like this is some double standard
It's more about letting go than being fat. Comfortable relationship, give less of a shit.
Yeah, if you try to go directly for the heart you have to go through the ribcage and it takes much longer.
Wow, what a cow.
It's been great! Doughnuts, pizza, Netflix, and relaxing. Everything we wanted to do together this weekend we've gotten to do! Cheers!
The donuts look like they are from dunkins 
To be fair the roses would have cost ten times more.
> $1 menu McDonald's foodI have some bad news...
Baby, no one else can McPick the love I have for you.
those donuts look nice tho.
Mc donalds  burgers and fries and dunkin donuts
Better quality junk food?
Sometimes the worst quality is the best quality, though. It's all about timing.
r/theydidthemath
Thank you! This is great
Still not even as big as Big Smoke's order from San Andreas.
So if I hiked for six hours I could eat this guilt free?
by chillin' on the couch
I'm upset I spent the time reading this. Edit: Upon further review, OP may be speaking their second language, and the ruling on the field is that I am a giant back-of-dicks. Sorry OP. You're a swell dude (gender neutral. Fuck all y'all. Y'all knows who 'y'all' is.)
that's... really selfish, actually. She said she wanted flowers and instead her girlfriend got something she wanted. 
My dad used to work at my aunts' flower shop, so he doesn't think that flowers are romantic, either. My mom likes and wants flowers, but my dad gets them for her very, *very* rarely.She can't eat much right now, though, because her lap band is giving her trouble, so this would probably not be a good compromise.
Frank, we don't want to hear about your disgusting dumpster sex.
A calorie for every year I'll love you.
Maybe the guy's got a feeder fetish.
whooooooooosh
Damn, you science'd that guy.
I eat the thorny part. My mouth fills with blood, an excellent source of iron. 
The [Crazy-Hot](https://images-cdn.9gag.com/photo/aj6YyEx_700b_v1.jpg) Scale, properly labeled. 
I'm going to need pics
Aw, I'm glad it had a happy ending!
She's hot when she's covered in blood and climbing through that window.... that's not weird to say is it?
Only know you love him when you let him go, and you let him go
It's a great one.
One might say it's thicker than a bowl of oatmeal.
Thank you for this. I love his response to this to a reporter.  yea yeah, she had a big ass, you know what I mean?
Oh my God, I always thought that she was saying this to someone off-camera, like girl, you're an idiot. 
Holy shit, I thought that was just a TV show or something.  This actually happened.  :D
> Click HERE to see his response. I promise its worth 30 seconds of your time.UGGH. Thank you, u/SoggyBasSoap for saving me a click.
I always thought the prosecutor had a girl on the stand, and was telling her off about somethingYou expect us to believe something like that?Yes ma'am.Girl, you're thicker than a bowl of oatmeal.I can't decide which version I like better. 
[Follow up interview](https://youtu.be/_5T9i-LytO4)
I love the video, but stepping back, why was what he said and the fact that he was hitting on a woman of any relevance whatsoever to the case at hand?Guy sold marijuana was the sole actual point of the case. All the rest was just 100% bullshit to try to paint him as some bad guy, when he was just acting like a man attracted to a woman.
I would like to draw your collective attention to the prevalence of educated Latina lawyers in this video. One prosecutor, and the *judge*, because they just don't fuck around with small shit. If you pay attention, will find find this quiet Latina uprising happening allll around you, in many places.This is where your first woman President is coming from, I promise you. So do me a favor and don't freak out when it happens. 
LOL.  I always thought he said that to the prosecutor.
Wow I only just realised he's saying she's physically thick, not that she's stupid.
(  )
Girl you're thicker than a bowl of oatmeal. ()
That's heavy.
Well, he is pretty dense so don't expect him to understand. 
needs more macaroni and cheese
So, the 10 pound Hersheys bar is a no-go?
Fuck facebook in the face!
With more creamy flavors like chocolate and vanilla and banana cream as opposed to like cherry, grape, etc.
Fun fact: Lollipops are also known as suckers. Chupa means suck in Spanish.Edited sucker -> suck
Did you know Salvador Dali designed the Chupa Chup logo?
My username is from when I was sick and sneezed while pooping. It was a one time thing I swear
I have no issue with that.
Tell her to google bonobo apes, specifically how they deal with conflicts. 
Yeah but let's be real, how often do you see a husbands are fat and gross circlejerk on Reddit? I see the reverse literally daily.
The best shape I have ever been in has come in the years since I got married 
Lol nice
I'm goin with 7-11.  Dunkins doesn't have powdered donuts that small and I don't think they do white frosting... I thought too much about this.
I honestly think the junk food bouquet could get you laid.  
Ba da da da duuuuummmmmm....I'm lovin' you!
They look stale. 
/r/theydidthemonstermath
I saw lesbian and I thought there'd be something juicy in there.
I upvoted you
Apparently I forgot an important detail. I'm doing 20 things at once so I screwed upHer girlfriend's reaction was oh yes!!!! let's go buy donuts!!! then she was cool and stopped caring about the flowers. She preferred donuts.
500,000?
Where in that chart would you put this chick? https://streamable.com/6tos5
You could make an equivalent graph for dudes, but it would probably be Stupid versus Hot instead.
This is amazing.
Love how crazy starts at 4.
by far the most entertaining first date i went on was with a girl who definitely was much crazier than the median girl and was named tiffanythanks for the laugh compared to the video often posted
No, she's always hot.
The best back story.
This man is a national treasure, how is he not pardoned?(I hope he didn't rape or murder anyone.) 
Shout out to the incredible videographer too. 
It's from lock up : women behind bars. On netflix if you got it. 
I'm always worried this isn't going to get posted along side the original.
Yeah it's weird that the prosecutor decided to include that extra part as it didn't really change anything in terms of the case
Looks like it's either initial appearance or detention hearing.  They typically use facts such as this to prove danger so the judge can either deny bail or raise it.  Unless he has soliciting charges as well.  Then it's used as an element of the crime, though I highly doubt it in this case.
Every time I see this video I laugh but have the same question. No idea what relevance that could possibly have in this case but I like to think this was such an easy case that they decided to have fun with it.
That's massive*.
There's that word again!
I'm a guy, but if she doesn't want it...
Hershey's is trash chocolate. 
Dumdums have those flavors too Edit: TIL Reddit hates dumdums  
Emm... but chupa in english means suck, not sucker.
Actually, the translation is closer to Suck suk
[Here's a link to the original](http://www.bbc.co.uk/bbcone/modernmasters/virtual-exhibition/dali/15-chupa-chups-logo.shtml)
Hot.
She's changed man give her a break.
Anecdotally speaking, I've seen a lot more husbands get fat and unattractive after marriage.  I'd wager there are hundreds of secret forums where women commiserate with each other because they want to be supportive but their husbands have become Gluttony Incarnate.
> I see the reverse literally daily    ...>literally daily     ...do you really, though?  
Confirmation bias
Good for you.
Stop it you're ruining our condescension!  
That's what happens when you go broke paying for a wedding. 
Mate, considering your intimate knowledge of donuts, I think it's time for an intervention. You are hereby only allowed to eat cheap store bought cake donuts for all eternity!
This guy donuts!
7/11 does carry those Homer Simpson style donuts. (pink glaze, rainbow sprinkles)
*deep thoughts about donuts intensify*I mean, thanks, me too.
They definitely do white frosting where I live.
I know this a ridiculous thing to disagree with, respectfully or not, but I can tell you that over the weekend my gf and I bought a dozen donuts from Dunks, and we got all three of those within the dozen. Love those pink frosted, Boston cream, French, and jelly donuts. Yum! My GF likes all the boring plain ones, like the old fashioned, vanilla frosted, or chocolate frosted ones. Weird that I'm able to comment on this because that was the first donut purchase we've made in probably 6 months or more. But now I'm constantly fielding for donuts - pretty sure they lace em with crack (and I know for a fact crispy cream does this, but (un)fortunately there are Mom with a 30 mile radius)
Are you a cop?
Dunkin does the white frosting with sprinkles. Have bought them for the youngins...
Or possibly crushed.
Once she dies from heart disease you fuck her body      bam
I second this.
iced donuts are pretty good even when stale.The powdered ones sure. 
I'm ecstatic that this is a thing.  I knew about r/theydidthemath but now I have two to browse lol!
Only if you count the Slurpees. 
And I trusted you... I trusted you!
Yes I'm planning to have our consciousnesses upload to a server once our bodies become frail and old. 500,000 years from now is when my team and I have calculated that the last remaining technology keeping us in that state will have disappeared and human life will have evolved past the point of caring.Now chow down my little rose petal!
JESUS CHRIST that bitch is a clear representation of the No Go area!
Jesus Christ.... she's fucking disgusting. Imagine the outrage if it was the guy jerking off while giving those same looks then trying to move the girls hand into his pants. It would make national news and he'd be in jail. She's a 6 hot (maaaaybe 7) and a perfect 10 crazy. The guys hot and seems sane though, so I'd do him. 
In the right places, the right contexts, under the right lighting, after you've had a few drinks together, this could be hot. But this is a degree of crazy that just made my dick retract a little. 
how do i show the guy I'm interested? I've apparently been too subtle in the past where he didn't get it...wait! I know![begins touching herself]       hes not looking over...better make eyecontact so there can be no misunderstanding who this is meant for.     good he noticed.  ok now (sit up and get this purse out of the way)..I just guide his hand into....no?     fine.   but I'm gonna finish anyway, so there.
Nah fuck that shit.
Wtf. 
Danger zone
sexual harassment suit and gets a blue dot
The person that made this one made one for dude too I think. It was something along the lines of Hotness vs Wealth or something along those lines. I remember the graph was very simple
It's amazing
Nah, he was just selling weed. 
Nahh , caught selling marijuana to an undercover officer (who the line was originally intended for) 
Why worry? if it isn't then you can just post it yourself.Don't let your dreams be dreams Lucy.
Aren't we glad they did, though?
Of course its pertinent to the case, the judge is a woman.
On a legal basis, you are absolutely right.  Picking up on an undercover officer is not a crime and evidence of that activity doesn't do anything to the marijuana charges.  That evidence should be excluded from the testimony on the basis that it can be prejudicial to the defendant by painting him in a bad light that is irrelevant to the actual case.  The attorney representing the defendant should have objected and the judge should have stricken that evidence from the record.
Oh man but he hit on her! This criminal thought that a lady of the law was attractive! We can't have that. 
It's an arraignment. Not the trial, not even an evidentiary hearing. 
That's dense*
The diarreah was
Yeah man, we've all had weird poops 
(They're catching on...shut down the forum!)
You see it on /r/loseit a lot.  A wife is losing weight, and the husband is not trying at all and still eating themselves to an early grave.  The advice is always that you can't make someone lose weight if they don't want to. 
Oops my bad!
Cast him into [donut hell](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LtEFEdrrXc4)
Can we at least get Entenmann's?
Am I on reddit too much if I predicted this type of comment in a reply to that? Lol
I make the donuts at one of the dunkin donuts here in town and I'm required to make at least 2 dozen Homer Simpson donuts every night.They're just called Strawberry frosted with sprinkles. An absolutely terrible donut. And someone said something about dunkin not having white frosting. That's called Vanilla and we definitely carry that as well.
Krispy Kreme  mmmmm
/r/itwasagraveyardgraph
now you have three. /r/AssPotatoCucumberDog 
Still love you though. Smooches. 
I added a TB;DR, so to never abuse anyone's trust ever again!
Ole u/CryptMonkey was having a rough day. u/CryptMonkey was a goddamn genius. He and his team of scientists had spent many long months trying to figure out when the flame of human consciousness would finally be depleted. The experimentation with artificial intelligence was even more intense. r/robots would be happy. It was a magical time for the crypt monkey and friends the day they realized the extent of human capabilities.But it had been rough. Nobody wanted to sponsor the crypt  monkey on his scientific endeavors. A lone tear ran down his face as he perused reddit that beautiful February day in early 2017.And then he saw it. A chance to brag about his research!  His heart raced as he typed in his response. Things were finally starting to look up for u/CryptMonkey
But the swamp is warm and moist
No, she isn't. She's at least 5 hot, which puts her out of the no-go area. But she's not 10 hot, and she's absolutely 10 crazy. She's in the Danger Zone. 
Looks like a strong 5 (hotness) to me, but to each their own.
Believe me I've seen a lot of backstories and this is really the best one
It's yuge 
He obviously deserves to be in an orange jumpsuit then...
A witty pot dealer? If he were white he'd be in Hollywood ala Seth Rogen
Throw the book at him.
shit I'd have let the guy go.  That dude makes America a better place.
I do, but there's always a good 30 seconds of panic while I browse the comments and click all the links to make sure I'm not reposting it
Oh hell yeah. Otherwise we would be missing out on a glorious pick up line
Agreed. There is absolutely no probative value here as to his marijuana dealing charges.  This is a tried and true tactic used by prosecutors to paint male defendants in a bad light.  Any female juror is going to think of him as a dog and any reasonable male juror will at least think of him as crass.  
Your secret is safe with me... as long as my partner doesn't sign up.
Yeah I want to get in better and better shape as my relationship goes on so that he stays interested, personally...I have no idea why people 'let themselves go' after marriage. Seems really mean tbh
> Entenmann'sno
Thank you for the clarification on the white frosting at Dunkin's.  I thought for sure they had some vanilla frosting.  WTF moment I had. 
I had no idea what was going on on that sub until I looked at the sidebar and saw there are no rules, do as you please
Lol im so confused by this sub, thank you
Thank you. That's all I ask. A little protection next time. 
It's my time!
My team and I decided on pizza.  No final decision but there will assuredly be at least one meat topping. 
Yeah I'd be all ogre her
and full of terrors
Very few times I've gone from:I'll masturbater after I'm done with reddit.To:I'm going to take up /r/nofap for a weekThanks asshole... 
The backstory is thick; some might say like oatmeal.
A tremendous backstory with very very great words.  The best words.  You know it, I know it, we all know it.
think of all the lives he destroyed
dropping weed and sick pick-up lines. \#nationaltreasure
You should consider giving less fucks...
It's a fucking arraignment, not an evidentiary hearing lol. It's not a trial, not even close. 
()  |
Dat back story.
I have a lot of friends who are oatmeal. They all say the same thing. 
Like this prisoner
Fat back story
I'm very highly educated and let me tell you, this story has words, great words.
Bill would rather jump chairs in his free time.
Two people who would be worth more than 50% of America combined. 
For the curious, [here is the link to the whole video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wvhW8cp15tk).  A bit long but worth the watch :)
I'm sure it was a Quicken loan.
That was the last loan he ever loaned...
The Steve-Bill bromance became real right after Jobs died. A tragedy!
bill gates , too big to fail.
Ahh, good ol' billionaire humor.
I sold Steve Jobs Anti-Cancer Magic Beans^^^^TM AMA!
I love this meme. I want this one to come back
Does it bug anyone else that the first and second pictures are the same?
Well. . . if you look into how banks acquire money in the first place, and how much they're allowed to lend vs how much they're required to keep in stock: you'll see that a bank actually never needs a loan.When you get right down to it: it isn't about if they have enough money, or even their management of it. It has to do with how value is derived from it. The monetary system needs an overhaul before we'll ever see something competent. 
These revelations confirm my theory that a blue screen pops up every time Bill doesn't stick the landing. 
Bill would rather hump bears in his free time
Well if I had combined my wealth with theirs, then the three of us would still have had more than 50% of wealth in America.   
And a hundredth of America's debt!
That's funny because it's not even close
That's awesome, I was just thinking I've seen this a million times but I don't think I've ever seen the source video, and I bet it's interesting. Going to check it out now, thanks.
And the somehow did not see that this was a joke award goes to...
Maybe even enough to fund 2% of the Iraq War
No probs, hope you enjoy.  It is sorta cool to see two enemies burry the hatchet.  
On the one hand I got killing a bunch of humans. On the other I got building 50 companies like Apple and Microsoft. Tough choice!
Better give up the pooty. 
Hubby has a girls name, or is that just a contraction of his actual name?
Cheap and effective...i like it. He playa...don't belive everything. 
I don't know who Keri is, but he better step off. You're married to Vin Diesel on a snowboard with guns and a numetal soundtrack.
But, but Valentine's Day is on Tuesday
wellllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll clearly he didn't copyright this, [YOINK] I'll be taking this
Perfect.  I needed inspiration for my card.
I'm pretty sure you should marry that guy (again).  Look at those celebrity endorsements! Too bad he couldn't get Groot's...
Hulk smash!.......that pussy.
The threesome thing is a lie. - Batman
Yeah... I'm stealing this.
I think you meant to post this in r/thathappened No self respecting man is going to refer himself as simply 'hubby'. I'm going to assume you have some stupid piece of 'art' from hobby lobby that says some shit like, all because two people fell in love or you are my happily ever after. 
Smooth af
He's a keeper!
Wow the bar for submissions around here continued to drop...
New relationship goals!
awww... that's so adorable.
Graphics in titles should be banned. 
Not shown: hubby gave lube 
I'm not sure what's going on but if I were in a serious relationship with a woman who turned down a threesome with Holly Willoughby I'd have to end it immediately as we're obviously not compatible.
That's a good card. Did you...erm...put your hair in a pony tail? 
Tang
[Kerry King](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kerry_King) is one of the most metal fuckers out there. 
Kerry is actually not unusual for a guy. I haven't seen the spelling of Keri before, but I assume it's just an alternative spelling rather than a nickname 
Yes, he is a male human and I think keri is a girls name but apparently it's not :-)
Who said Keri is a man? At some point I just started asduming that I don't know anything.
Is that a reference I don't understand? 
He wanted it to be a surprise :-) I wouldn't have been surprised on Tuesday. Also I was in work all day and he thought having theses delivered to my office would cheer me up. And tbf I was both surprised and cheered x
Copyright is automatic. 
I would marry him 100 times over x
I'm not sure what's going on - XyploatKyrtYou mis understood. 
It's a stripper name....
Nadine, your **husband** is one cool dude.We asked Keri for a threesome and **he** totally turned us down for youTo name a couple examples.
The hubby part indicates a male. Else it would be Your wife. Unless they're just doing it on purpose.
You should read the part about dude and husband again.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/XXX_(film_series)
I still don't get it. The cast of characters doesn't list a Nadine or a Lady Marie. 
I was jokingly interpreting xxx as his signature.
Oh, lol, now I get it. 
I saw a huge seagull this morning. It was big enough to be a D gull... But not quite big enough to be an eagle. 
Fuck Tammy
Never trust a Tammy. 
Oh my god it does say that!
Tammy's such a bitch. You go Louise. 
Which episode is this? I thought I saw them all...
Uhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
More like call the burn unit.
Since everyone is wondering this is the latest episode from the current season. It's a really great episode, and this isn't even the best joke in it. 
Let the burn unit commence!
FUCK TAMMY
Don't be gross, Tammy
Louise - straight up savage!
It needs a little more filter
I'm not a big fan of Bob's burgers but it has some great moments. 
Still shots of shows are still so cool
Didn't even flip her over, just let her burn 
Didn't realize they had season 7 was till this post. Thx!
Where are my Tammy haters at?Say it with me now! #FUCKTAMMY
That joke is so terrible I have to use it. 
One thing's for sure, it definitely wasn't a beagle. 
I'm currently marathoning s5. Which episode is this
I had a law professor who would always say (when something was against the law): what we've got here is a sick bird... You know, 'ill eagle.'
Did you take cover? Deagles are pretty dangerous
/r/fucktammy
Hoes gon be hoes so I couldn't blame Tammy
This totally leaves out the best part. Jocelyn's reactions are one of the best small parts of the show. 
Spoiler alert I guess. I think this one is a newer one. But basically, Tina gets hurt and the Mr. Fronds signs her up for this virtual student program where Tina goes to her classes through controlling a moving monitor. So, Jimmy Junior winds up falling in love with Tina Bot but not the real Tina. So, Tina takes Tina Bot to the beach to go on a date with Jimmy Junior and that leads up to this line. 
It's from season 7, titled Ex-Mach Tina
I think it was one of the latest two or three episodes back. 
I play soccer because I forgot I have hands.
The Gayle Tales is my all time favorite episode 
I've seen everything on Netflix and haven't seen this. It must be a new episode
Ex Mach-Tina - S7 E8 The new season has been fantastic but I am very partial to the first episode Flu-ouise. Kristen Schaal is a god damn lunatic in the best way possible. 
What the fuck
jesus christ i didn't know this existed but im glad you showed me the light.
Don't be a boob-punch.
Jocelyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyn-a
Lol what tf is always up with Jimmy jr. Tina deserves someone who loves her for who she is 
You haven't been watching game of thrones have you, Louise? 
Well I cant count on you guys for anything. I googled it and it's called ex Mach Tina  s8e7
I'm looking forward to it. Working my way thru the series. I recently discovered kodi and it's really changed my tv watching
Glad you enjoyed it 
Don't worry about it, you're really pretty.
Like Zeke. 
Just the sort of efficiency I'd expect from Hitler's art collector 
Got the season and episode backwards
I'm gonna getcha girl!
Hitler's art collector did nothing wrong
I'm about to get your mom backwards
Not that can be proven anyhow 
[deleted]
Unlike Fidel Castro 
Just in case you forgot: > Apoca->  lypse
Katie Mack @AstroKatie via Twitter   <-- lunar eclipse   <-- solar eclipse   <-- apocalypse2:40 AM - 5 Oct 2014-- https://twitter.com/astrokatie/status/518697246305439745
Forgot [Mitsubishi Eclipse](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mitsubishi_Eclipse)
I always thought this was funny since the diameter of the sun is almost 4 times the distance to the moon.
Why is it night on the sun side of earth in the lunar eclipse? And how come you can still see the moon? And why is the left side of earth ever lit up when the sun is on the right? None of this makes any sense.
Not to scale...
Line up three suns? Jackpot!!
Hey man, sometimes the snow comes down in June.  Sometimes the sun goes round the moon.
In case anyone is wondering, yes these are to scale
/r/notfunny 
I mean, all 3 look like an apocalypse to me.
Earth shouldn't have moved. This shows 1 and 3 are the same as far as holy shit we're all going to burn.
Older than the internet. 
[Cal-](https://www.iceshop.co.uk/content/uploads/2011/11/Calippo-Orange-for-website.png)[ippo](https://www.iceshop.co.uk/content/uploads/2011/11/Calippo-Orange-for-website.png)
This makes no sense. 
Apocalypse actually means the unveiling of truth, so you can quit with the doomsday shit.
There will be a solar eclipse happening on the American mainland this year--the first time since 1979.  It will be on August 21st, 2017.  I already took a vacation day to watch it in downtown Nashville, where i'll get to experience totality (which is where the sun will be completely blocked out for a short duration)
Crazy how much da Earf grows every yr
There's no difference between the top and bottom rows.
Wouldnt the lunar eclipse also be an apocalypse
This doesn't really give a way to tell the difference between a Lunar eclipse and an apocalypse. Moon would be invisible in either case, and I can't think of any other differences.
Wait... isn't the Lunar Eclipse ALSO the Apoca-lypse? O.0OPEN YOUR EYES, SHEEPLE!!!
Why is the side of the Earth facing the Sun dark?
TIL Earth is only a little bit smaller than the sun and the moon is half the size. also how to use hyph--ens.
You forgot Total Eclipse (of the Heart)https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lcOxhH8N3Bo
Why is the day side of the Earth always facing away from the Sun..
Why is the planet still blue?
> nothin rhymes with apocalypse... except maybe taco lips.
[deleted]
Or a very distant moon. 
Moon could just finally had enough voyeurism from Earth and decided to leave. Wasn't the moon being blown out of orbit the premise for Space 1999?
pic 3 is the only real picture you could take.
Oh no the sun has shrunk down to the size of the earth!!!   Were fukkkeed!!!    
I think if the earth is illuminated on more than one side, all are an apocalypse
As a designer I hate that they broke apocalypse into two lines
The fact that the sun and moon are drastically different sizes and distances away from the earth yet appear to be exactly the same size in the sky blows my mind.
The first row has the sun just as close to the sun as the third row, the moon being re positioned means the world would end? This picture makes no sense.
How will this happen?
uhmm.. the lunar and apocicyclipse are about the same you guys.
When i was in primary school and learned about solar and lunar eclises, I asked if a lunar eclipse was when the sun was between the earth and the moon, because that didnt make much sense to me. Teacher said yes that is a lunar eclipse.I couldnt really wrap my head around it but accepted it because I was so young. Years later its good to know I was right. Fuck you teacher.
but the earth is beside the sun in both the lunar eclipse and apocalypse hmmm..... 
Ok road hog.
My grandma once asked me:An eclipse is when the moon goes in front of the sun. Now, tell me, what would happen if the moon went *behind* the sun? 
I was born during the May 10, 1994 solar eclipse! Not that anyone cares lol
the font size is different and this bugs me more than it should.  
This is it, the apocal--ypse, oo-whoa
So when's the next apocalypse?
Can someone please photoshop in 2pac for Tupacalypse?
obviously this is a joke, but what would happen if the moon disappeared? like tides n shit?
That last one....plox no, so much nope
Na, that bottom one is just Australia right now.
Once upon a time I was falling in loveBut now I'm only falling apart
scorsese says Apocalypse Now!
Blessed is he who reads and those who hear the words of the prophecy and keep the things that are written in it, because the time is near.
SOLAR ECLIPSES DU DU DUUUU DU 
This is great!  I am surprised I haven't seen this poster or something similar to it before...
Isn't it wild that the Moon is just the right size to hide the Sun's form while still leaving its corona visible?
Wouldnt the Lunar eclipse be the same as Apocalypse if the sun to earth distance remains the same ?
According to this pic, the earth evolves around the moon. Now I am truly scared!
It pisses me off that you used 2 hyphens in that last one
.\* ^^^not ^^^to ^^^scale
I'm more worried about the fact that the sun is only slightly bigger than Earth...and literally right next to us. 
LPT: It's okay to stare at solar eclipse.It's the lunar eclipse you've gotta worry about.
FTFY:  http://i.imgur.com/xx6TnHU.png
I find this more scary than funny honestly.
You'll only find this kind of funny on /r/funny.
Calling it now, next heatwave someone is gonna use this pic to describe it.
The first time I saw this I was tripping pretty hard, so now every time this resurfaces it spins me the fuck out  
Great news is that 10 million Trump voters just bought moon insurance.
I know it needs to be done this way but the scale just bugs me.
[This is how I see it](http://i.imgur.com/aiZWgMc.png).
What about the a-cock-alypse?
Didnt one of these happen yesterday
Apocaclipse
And a total eclipse of the Earth facing the Sun dark?
The peanut is under the right one. 
What's the difference between a lunar eclipse (safe?) and an apocalypse (death of the world?) if the sun and earth are still next to each other?
By the way, there is a total solar eclipse that will be visible in the US in August...the first total solar eclipse in the US in 26 years.  I already bought a pack of eclipse viewing glasses to hand out to friends/family before the prices go up.
I thought lunar eclipse was the image for apocalypse. What exactly is happening in the lunar eclipse image?
Map of the path of totality for 2017 total eclipse of the sun in the USA on 8/21/2017  http://www.eclipse2017.org/2017/maps/whole-us.jpg 
Sorry, would someone explain the joke here?  I don't understand.
Not joking, thought I was in /r/ComedyCemetery said Ha, good one. and upvoted cuz it was so bad. Then the horror that this was /r/funny and had 20k upvotes hit me.
Ha. Ha. Ha.
Which telescope should i use to watch the apocalypse? 
I hope I live long enough to see an Apocaly--pse! I'm sure it'll be amazing!
This needs to be a tshirt 
Apocaly--pse
Pretty sure the first one would mean an apocalypse as well.
Since this is electronic does that make it an e-lipse? 
But why though?
What is the difference between a lunar eclipse and a new moon?
Just curious. What's the difference between the Lunar Eclipse and Apoca-lypse illustrations? The Sun is close to the Earth in both.
So close to being great, but that typography goof at the end kills it for me. Cute idea though. 
Am I the only one trying to figure out if diagram three would ever be possible under any circumstance? So far I'm thinking of a scenario in which a large asteroid or huge meteoroid knocks the moon out of Earth's orbit. Please help real astrophysicists! 
The sun won't fit between the earth and the moon!
the earth should have been with the lighter half towards the sun..
That's not to scale.
Is this to scale?
I thought this was hilarious but my girlfriend didn't think it was funny
This is in its original Form from @astrokatie on twitter. -> https://twitter.com/astrokatie/status/518697246305439745?lang=enShe posted it in 2014!!But instead of just sourcing to the original tweet they rather rip it off cheaply, right? 
It should be noted that this is not to scale
the moon could theoretically get dislodged from orbit by some precise meteor strikes sending it into an orbit that is larger than the earths in which this really wouldn't be an apocalyptic scenario
pretty sure the 3rd option isnt possible... not because it wouldnt be the appocalypse, but because the sun is 3 times wider then the distance between earth and moon.
Alternatively:> Apo-  > c'lypse
[Behold the alpacalips!](http://img.gifpet.com/funnypic/alpaca/15/3/behold-the-alpaca-lips_1690290461.jpg)
Thank you! 
Too late, already got eye cancer.
Tic-Tac-Total Destruction
NahhApoc-alypse
Up-Above-My-Lips
Tupaca-  lypse
Thank fucking god. First reaction to that abomination above.
Apacaly ipse 
Poc-eclipse
Alpacalips. 
What is it with Reddit and making me laugh in inappropriate places...
Sorry if I'm wrong, but shouldn't the moon emoji for the lunar eclipse be  and not  because the Earth is blocking the rays of the sun from hitting the moon? Of course, I'm under the assumption that by lunar eclipse they mean a total lunar eclipse.
Obligatory Username checks out.
Too bad the first moon isn't all dark...
 <-- Total eclipse of the heart
The car that failed because Mitsubishi wouldn't embrace their dead last safety rating and tried to fix it thereby cause the final model years to produce an ugly ugly car! Seriously the eclipse was a fun car but they had to try to make it safer at the expense of its looks(and performance)! 
Also the [IDE](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Eclipse_(software\)).
And a total eclipse of the heart.
[Forgot Clipse](http://thesource.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/05/clipse-010613.jpg) 
Man I wanted a '98 eclipse so bad in high school. 
Thank you, at least somebody remembered...
Why did I want one of these?
> Forgot Mitsubishi EclipseI am OK with that
I have zero scientific knowledge and will support this claim.
Diameter of Sun: 864,575 miDistance to moon: 238,900 miI honestly was not expecting you to be correct but math is math, you win.
Yep, approximately 4.6 light seconds across. The distance from the earth to the moon is about 1.3 light seconds (390million meters), and the distance from the earth to the sun varies widely, but is around 500 light seconds (150billion meters) away. 
To be more accurate, [3.69x larger](https://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=diameter+of+the+sun+%2F+distance+to+the+moon)
Came here to ask for this. Thanks for the answer.
woah dude
Damn, that is ridiculous.That's a cool fact I'm going to use whenever things get dull in a party 
That just strengthens the idea that it would lead to an apocalypse? 
What if we lost out moon and the mon was orbiting the sun and on the other side of the solar system. The effects of having no moon would be apocalyptic for us.
I thought it was way further than four times the distance. Isn't the sun a whole 8 light minutes away? Edit: So I did the math. The Sun is 374.2989 times further from Earth than the Moon is. 
Yeah, but it bothers me that the earth isn't actually much closer to the sun in the illustration of the apocalypse than it is for the illustration for the lunar eclipse. it makes it look like us losing the moon would be the apocalypse. (I mean sure, it wouldn't be *good*, what with all the tides and extraterrestrial impacts and such, but it would be far from the end of the world).
Sun radius is 695k km. The moon is at 362k-405k Edit because I can't read, 695k radius and not diameter. Why would wikipedia tell the radius and not the diameter? 
It's because it's all fake and they think we're stupid enough to fall for it so they put very little effort into doing it realistically.
It's because the whole thing is propaganda--all 3 scenarios are actually apocalypse scenarios; the sun is actually Hellstar Remina, come to lick the Earth after it eats the moon.
> None of this makes any sense.Sign number one of pre apocalyptic times
I cringed when I saw the shadows...
This would kind of be a shitty picture if it was to scale lol. You would barely be able to see the moon.
You round earthers need to wake up. This is perfectly scaled when you take into account that the sun is the same distance from the earth, as the moon. You have all been lied to, tricked, befuddled, bamboozled even! When you wake up and see the lizard people for who they are, you'll know the truth.
Legendary Kong banana?
Also, it's not funny.
[Banana for scale.] (https://imgur.com/O91OH3U) 
I do not want my apocalypse up to scale. Nope.
correction: jack-pocalypse
I thought that triggered the vulcano?
Unless you're playing Elite: Dangerous...Warning: Temperature critical
I see the passion in your eyes /Sometimes it's all a big surprise
You know, I was just a kid when that song came out, and even then I thought The sun orbiting the moon? Somebody failed Astronomy 101. 
That doesn't sound right, but I don't know enough about scales to dispute it.
I thought it was funny.
Oh, I agree. It's a sign of a very disturbed mind when a person jokes about apocalypse
Duh... obviously the sun doesn't burn us unless there's a moon behind it.
> Earth shouldn't have moved.High five to fellow fan of  anthropocentric non inertial reference states!
Pluto haven't made a complete orbit since it was discovered.
Do you even rhyme?I am thinking about the doomsday all the time, I'd like to think about apocalypsr for a change
This is actually happening right where I am (Makanda, IL)! The eclipse will be directly over us here, we've had hotels built just to house all of the people coming to stay. The cooler thing is that it's going to happen again (as in it will cross right here again) in 2024! http://www.villageofmakanda.com/eclipse.html
More specifically, why is the side facing away bright?
No (M-E-S backwards is not E-S-M, problem is with S being in the middle)
no, the moon its way closer to earth than the sun, now look at picture 3 the sun its closer to the earth than the moon its to earth
The funny thing of this is that the representation is not on a correct scale, so in the first image you don't know how far the sun is from earth but in the third one you know the sun is between the moon and earth and taking into account that distance we would be dead.
If you look at the picture apocalypse is slightly closer. That slight distance, my friend, is what we call the danger zone!
So like it goes from eartheotto to eartheot?
THAT'S THE JOKE.
Yes.
It took me some distance... to really think of it as hilarious. 
it's like drawing a car the same size as america
No tide and no moon keeping the Earth's rotation steady. Pretty big deal.
That's the joke.
You think so?
m'lypse
How the hell did you all get it wrong?Lu-narE-clipseSo-larE-clipseA-poc-[a-lypse](https://www.google.com/webhp?sourceid=chrome-instant&rlz=1C1CHBF_enUS718US718&ion=1&espv=2&ie=UTF-8#q=apocalypse)It's two syllables followed by two syllables.
I always liked the way Mel Gibson said it in Thunderdome:A pox eclipse.
Or, as some know him: En-Sah-Ba-Neur 
Alternatively, make the font smaller so it fits on one line. 
Or:> Apo-    > caleclipse
[Al-pocalyplse](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/1/1d/Alpocalypse.jpg)
...summoning *Alpaca-lypse-or lips*
I had visions of that being NSFW yet I still clicked it...
I read that as Alpa Caliphs and was wondering whether I'd see some sort of parka wearing muslim leader. 
Aww. Also, this picture really shows how they're like camels.
[Genos, you ok?](http://i.imgur.com/K9FyWhA.jpg)
ooo-whoa (I'm waking up)
You're absolutely correct. God DAMMIT. THE JOKE WASN'T PERFECT. FUCK.
You are correct. Kind of. But...It is easer to see that it is the same objects that have switch order if the same symbols are used on every row. I think I would have made it the same way, as a design choice.Even with a more correct moon, on the first row, the illustration as a whole would still be wrong, since there are no half earths in the Unicode set. And also, it would be confusing with two black circles representing two different things.
the thing is, then you can't use  for solar one, you would need something else (not , obviously), maybe some sort of ring.So, I'll allow this.
All you crazy people and your empty boxes.
No, the earth would basically heat up so much, that it would glow
what about mine? ;\^)
If only there was a dark moon emoji (*cough*  *cough*)
There is no dark side of the moon really.    Matter of fact, it's all dark.
Shouldn't the heart be on the opposite side of earth for that though?
>The car that failed because Mitsubishi wouldn't embrace their dead last safety rating The Eclipse, the car so dangerous you have to sign a waiver. 
That... That's actually reasonable. 
I prefer IntelliJ tbh
It's ok to forget that one
try opening it with less than 32gb of ramhttps://i.imgur.com/DNsXXq9.jpg
3000GT all the way
My dad had a Laser RS Turbo when I was in middle school.  It didn't dawn on me what he had until he didn't have it any more. 
Looks like you're ready to dispute every expertly reviewed article on /r/science! 
me too thanks
I am an expert in the population levels of <insert fictuous planet here> and will support this claim.
/r/theydidthemath
[deleted]
Isn't a light second a literal thing and doesn't it take eight seconds for light from the sun to get here? I can't for the life of me remember where I heard that but I'm trying to learn u noEdit: oh shit maybe it was eight minutes not seconds 
haha 69
Diameter of the sun, not distance from the earth.The sun is not 8 light minutes wide.
Upvoted for the math. Downvoted for wrong subject. Net zero. 
you mean radius? diameter is double of that and circumference is roughly 14.5 light seconds
Looks like you have your numbers wrong. 695K km. is the radius of the sun.
The suns diameter is 1.3 million km.
I suspect they're including the solar corona in the Sun's diameter.
Just like the moon landing.
If the distances were to scale as well you'd only see the sun.
Yeah, but the pictures are put through a fish-eye filter. so it's still not accurate.
Go wait by the volcano and report back if it does.
Sometimes it's all a big sunrise.
Scales? I know all bout them! You gotta scrape them off before cooking fish.
Dude, I am so stoked for it, and all my coworkers think i'm crazy for taking a day off to watch it lol.
The other sun obviously
He means in the fact that the sun is right next to the earth. 
pretty sure life existed before the moon and will continue to afterwards
r/mylips
Laughed too hard
M'lithp
m'lithp
[deleted]
I assume not everyone has learned that hyphens go between syllables.
I've been hunting that son of a bitch all across time. Give me a movie!
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
So, Genos are you ok?Are you ok, Genos(For the record I have no idea what anime this is from.)
Sounds like a convo over at MememarketBets
Indubitably. It would be confusing for someone without prior knowledge to understand the chart.
Nah, the half one makes absolute sense.
this looks more like a solar eclipse on my phone(android) because it has a yellow outline. strange. 
I just went outside and looked at the moon. You're full of shit!
Someone listened through Dark Side of the Moon
I thought of both ways before putting it tbh. I just liked the idea of a massive throbbing organ blocking out the sun a lot better than the other option.
I got into a wreck with mine at 45mph and the airbags didnt even go off. I'd say I agree with the safety issues.
How can I help it if I think you're funny when you're mad? 
How can I help it if I think you're funny when you're mad?
Eh in a world where cars are aiming to be safer sometimes a 2-ton death trap is what you need.
I'd prefer writing code in my own skin using needles disposed from a drug addiction clinic to using Eclipse tbh
My high school librarian had one of those.  She was my friend's grandma and was the most quiet, conservative person I had ever met, yet she seemed to think a high-power hatchback was an ideal daily driver.
/r/theydidthemoonstarmath
/r/theydidntactuallydoanymathbuttheywrotedownsomenumbersandclaimedtohavedoneso
/r/dragonsfuckingcars 
He said almost.
minutes. Moon is around 1 second and sun is around 8 minutes. And the ratio of sun and moon sizes is the same as the ratio of sun and moon distances from earth.
But it does take a lot longer than 8 minutes for light to leave the sun.
Look at the comment I replied to though. He/she mentioned distance so my comment was on the topic of distance. But you're absolutely right that the sun isn't 8 light minutes wide lol. We'd be fried 
Nice try. We all know solar Corona isn't a real thing. Sounds like it would be a smooth beer though. 
Here we go
If the distances were to scale you'd see [this](http://joshworth.com/dev/pixelspace/pixelspace_solarsystem.html)
You sure about that?[Formation of the moon: 4.5 BYA](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Moon#Formation)[Life on Earth: 3.5 BYA](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Life#Origin)Life would probably continue without the Moon. Gonna suck for people though.
I'm fairly certain you don't understand just how important the moon is. 
there doesn't seem to be anything hereEdit: There is in fact some things there
/r/LipsThatGripEdit: NSFW
Doesn't look like anything to me.
bring the sun to the yard
/r/lipsthatgrip ^^^^nsfwaf
r/lipsthatgrip
My back 
7
Can you repeat that just one more time?
Chill buddy...do you need to talk?
Comment enough there? 
I don't understand.
Then what's the purpose of such a dumbed down chart 
also the  would be black, since it's in shadow 
> massive throbbing organ
What's up with your left shoe? 
Trying hard not to smile though I feel bad.
I just use vim.
[Relevant XKCD](https://xkcd.com/378/) 
/r/itwasagravitygraph
Genius
/r/Theydidthecounting
/r/TooLongForSubredditName
[deleted]
Woah
well it takes  8 minutes for a photon to reach earth once it leaves the surface of the sun but for a photon closer to the core it could take millions of years to get to us
It takes 8 minutes for light to *leave* the sun? Gtfo 
He mentioned distance *compared* to the size of the Sun. Don't see how you're mixed up.
> the diameter of the sun is almost 4 times the distance to the moonNot sure how you're getting confused by this. 
>  diameter of the sun> distance to the moon [from Earth]There was a distance, but it wasn't all distance
Moon is fake and the earth is flat. 
AGAIN ON OUR OWN, going down the only road we've ever known. (Altered to include you AND me)
Went through the whole map on mobile. That was nuts.
This deserves more upvotes
That was bananas. It made me anxious and calm at the same time.
Well shit.That was fucking awesome.
I have always wanted someone to create something like that to illustrate the size of a completed dyson swarm.
if there was water before the moon showed up, i would think whatever form of primordial life would still be there. i dont think a moon is a hard requirement for life.
i dont care what you imagine chief. im fairly certain you dont know the importance of not being condescending.
*Yet*
there's a dickfor there. 
NSFW
Damn right! It's hotter than [Heres](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Herse_\(moon\)). ^(Just go with the miss-pronounciation!!)
Hey Farva, what's the name of that place you like with the goofy shit on the walls and the mozzarella sticks? 
I'm not sure if they can.say much else... 
Micheal Jackson's Smooth Criminal
Currently she needs to be bathed because she managed to walk herself into a warm pile of digested dog food. It's been a pretty gross day. She was cold on my drive home so i had the heat blowing on her which made her aroma fill the car. Disgusting.
It stayed on, it's the only thing that prevented him from dying in that crash. 
Forgoing safety could end up real sad.
I'm the kind of guy who laughs at a funeral.
I'm the kind of guy who laughs at a funeral.
I can understand that, but masochism isn't really my fetish.
/r/subredditsashashtags
r/theydidthefuckyou
/r/wediditreddit
/r/theydidthegoogle
[deleted]
Unless you are the photon.Then it doesn't realy take much time at all.
much longer actually
Millions
So does this.
It's not, but an apocalypse doesn't mean every last germ.
Do you happen to know what hypocrisy is?
What kind of lips are we talking here?
now there is
not me, I work at the dildo factory
Bananagans?
Ah, gotcha. It's from One Punch Man, btw. It's very good.
Not your girlfriend, your shoe. Get it together man. 
Perhaps programming isn't the career for you.
Poor dude, you sound like [you need a hug](http://i.imgur.com/sCshJhG.gif)Shh, things will be ok
/r/theydidthenumericalcomparison
[deleted]
Yeah, by about a million years.
It really doesn'tEDIT: Unlike the picture in the OP, I still can't understand how people decide to downvote or upvote something.
mine
Tulips
Apocolypse's big, purple, Apoco Lips 
Well, it does say no to the 'over 18' note, so I guess it's the obvious ones.
I believe porn would be extra banned at the dildo factory. However, not so much at the porn factory
Where you can truly tell your boss to take this job and shove it.
What would actually happen if they banned the viewing of porn in a dildo factory?
You say that like my shoe ISN'T my girlfriend. She's very special to me and I love her with all my sole 
No, it's part of the meme!But thanks anyway.
/r/1234567890/r/12345678901/r/123456789012/r/1234567890123/r/12345678901234/r/123456789012345/r/1234567890123456/r/12345678901234567/r/123456789012345678/r/1234567890123456789/r/12345678901234567890/r/123456789012345678901/r/1234567890123456789012/r/12345678901234567890123/r/123456789012345678901234/r/1234567890123456789012345/r/12345678901234567890123456/r/123456789012345678901234567/r/1234567890123456789012345678/r/12345678901234567890123456789/r/123456789012345678901234567890So, 24, max. 
Go on...
This is a novelty account I'm glad I saw today. Sorry to hear it was a bad day, hope tomorrow is a lot better! 
I see what you did there
Oh it's a real thing, I didn't even realize it woops
my lips. mine. i was thinking, these are the kind of lips were talking about. and while were on it... my brother...he has the same lips...as mine... so my brother's lips... two brothers lips...two brothers...THE MOVIEIt's in theaters now! Coming this summer...Two brothers. In a van. And then a meteor hit. And they ran as fast as they could. From giant cat-monsters. And then a giant tornado came. And that's when things got knocked into twelfth gear...A Mexican...armada shows up. With weapons made from to- tomatoes. And you better betch'ur bottom dollar that these two brothers know how to handle business.In! 'Alien...Invasion Tomato Monster Mexican Armada Brothers...Who Are Just Regular Brothers Running...in a Van from an...Asteroid and All Sorts of Things: The Movie'.Hold on! There's more. Old women are comin'! And they're also in the movie and they're gonna come...and cross...attack...these two brothers. But let's get back to the brothers because they're- they have a strong bond! You don't wanna know about it here, but I'll tell you one thing.The Moon. It comes crashing into Earth! And whaddya do then? It's two brothers and I- and...and they're gonna...it's called 'Two Brothers' ...'Two Brothers'...it's just called 'Two Brothers' hahaha!
They're moist and very inviting.
Awe, thanks! 
http://i.imgur.com/57N2g.gifhttp://i.imgur.com/VT92OnP.gifhttp://i.imgur.com/ALJif.gif
That little rat thing just got ate!...damn nature you scary!
They need a flying Impala crossing sign right there.
Calls insurance company.Yeah, I hit 4 deer and 6 more plus a cheetah slammed into the drivers side.
Lol the cheetah at the end is the best part.
*u/RoboWonder is correct, it's a cheetah. Couldn't tell on mobile.
I mean, that asphalt does get hot in the summer days
Quite beautiful, actually.
I like to think the Cheetah runs them every day just to keep them fit, so when he is hungry it's more of a challenge.
Why are they running so fast....oh
If you count them, does it make you sleep at the wheel?
[Somewhat stabilized if anyone wants.](https://gfycat.com/HeavenlyEmbellishedCaterpillar)
They're uhhh... they're flocking this way. 
It's always Black Friday across the road in the Serengeti 
Is this the rain that toto was missing?
The trailer for Get Out makes so much more sense now.
African Salmon run. 
they have funny looking kangaroos over there
Maybe they think the asphalt is water so that's why they almost all jump there. 
bet that guy jumped back inside asap when he saw that cheetah
Showoffs.
Hey Bill, you gonna try and jump over the road again? Steve, you couldn't stop me if you tried.
I am going to use this gif when WhatsApp conversations become boring.
TIA mate!
/r/NatureIsFuckingLit 
I had to watch it a second time to confirm I saw a Cheetah at the end. I wasnt expecting it.
Can someone please put Fenton into this? 
How the wife of one of your friends shows up mad at the friends reunion
African Olympics doing great
Flying deer!
They think it's s river
It'd be cool if countries built a bridge for animals to cross the road. now gimme gold.
That last one is something that I've never even considered happening
The 2nd one dayunm
That last one could make a stormtrooper proud.
Cheetah suplex that first one. So much momentum. 
Wait what rat thing?
WHY ARE ALL THESE CHEVYS IN THE WAY!
It looked like a cheetah to me
This is Kruger though.
They're probably familiar with the surface and realize they won't get good grip on the hard surface so they jump over it.
[Video link for the last one](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i-T8K6y4KbI)
Impala wrapped around a tree at 40 mph.
It's wildlife, make up your mind.
I see what you did there :)
That looks like a Tesla mixed with some Audi, with a dash of BMW...probably $70,000.
Cheetah indeed
What rule did it break?
plausible too.
What do you mean?
I'm betting on some kids leaving them as a prank. GOT EM
C'mon guys!!!!The ladies who went see the film brought some healthy snack options, but when they saw the popcorn they couldn't resist and left their shitty health snack on the floor
1. Nobody in their right mind would use those with the plastic on.2. The seats are completely free of any stains.3. If someone's intention was to masturbate during a movie, they'd bring their own tools.4. We're supposed to believe that two women had the very same idea, and that they just happened to be sitting next to each other?5. Barring that, we're supposed to believe that two women who are comfortable masturbating next to each other are both ignorant of clitoral stimulation?These were planted by someone, either to drum up publicity or as an ill-devised prank.
You'd definitely be more worried if you found a pair of cucumbers on the floor after a showing of Fifty Shades that *had* teeth marks.
Obvious plants!
Cheap cat repellant for all those pesky stray cinema cats 
Why are the wrappers still on the cucumbers? 
I'd be more worried if they were pickles the next day. 
For the people wondering if this is real, wouldn't women bring a dildo instead of wrapping a giant cucumber up
Didn't even take it out of the wrapper, well, guess that movie didn't meet their expectations.  I'll have to continue to not plan on seeing it ever.
[Seems legit.](http://m.huffpost.com/ca/entry/6737072) 
Haha, this is from my hometown newspaper. Here's the link https://touch.f-b.no/nyheter/kultur/film/dette-fant-de-ansatte-etter-visningen-av-fifty-shades-darker/s/5-59-668572Small town in Norway
No bitemarks*No bitemarks?*...*OHHHHH* 
Those look like zucchini
Kosher Dill-do
From what I've seen in the comments no one has mentioned that some one left their cell phone.  Something tells me this is fake. 
Me and my girl are debating the validity of this. She says it had to have been a gag, I'm not so sure.
I've said it before and I'll say it here there are many Reasons why this is stupid:- Cucumber too long in general- Cucumber still wrapped in rough, protective foil (outch!) - sitting position really unsuited to handling a toy that size comfortably without drawing much attention- sitting position generally unsuited to stimulate yourself with very straight inserted toys- Cinema in the opening weeks generally too full to masturbate comfortably- Scenes to masturbate to usually too short for women to reach climaxIf I had the urgent desire to abuse a dialoge heavy softest-porn for masturbation, I'd just sit down for a chilled hands-on rubbing session. Because working with a cucumber is *too much hassle* for *too little payoff* //Edit: missing I
This seems like a prank by someone that thought anyone would prefer a vegetable over an actual toy.
Prob smelled like a fish market
Now just to get some plain yogurt, some dill, lemon juice, maybe some garlic, and you've got yourself some tzatziki sauce.
Got to be a prank, here's my logic. Consider I'm a male so could be totally wrong.Have you ever bought one of these plastic wrapped cucumbers? The point where they melt the plastic together to create the seal is a jagged bundle of sharp pointy death. No girl is shoving that up there without removing the plastic first.
Wow you know how you think it's disgusting but strangely like it.
Geez, those wrappers that they still have on have some serious seams on them. That seems excruciating.
yeah, bullshit. hard plastic grocery wrap still on and no evidence of a condom. yes I thought about this.
I feel like the kind of women that would waste money on that film are the same ones that have panty vibes that they could control with their phones. This just seems like a hasty karma grab.
Did they turn into pickles?
OP just placed them there for karma. Plastic wrappers are still on them as OP is too cheap to make the photo realistic, and still wants to eat the cucumber.
It's a shame they also left their cell phone there as well, screen still on even.  That battery will be dead before the find the phone.
Looks like someone left their phone too.
Aren't these zucchinis?
Left cucumbers....found pickles 
Those are English cucumbers (the ones in a wrapper at the store) and are still in the wrapper. No way this is not a prank. That would not feel good.
I have a hard time believing they were used with the plastic wrap still on. That would hurt. Some guys who probably thought they were funny left those there. 
r/trashy 
Setup
I want a picture of the pies left behind after American Pie.
I also work at a cinema and was dreading finding things like this. But instead I just saw a guy in a pvc outfit and collar exit a screen; a woman with a chain lead him out.
I call BS, whenever I use a cucumber I take the plastic wrapping off before insertion, That plastic is kinda sharp on sensitive areas!
I am surprised they didn't turn into pickles.
I bet that was left there on purpose 
Smell them and then you'll know for sure. 
Only one way to know for sure. Use the smell test. 
What did you expect, their vaginas to have teeth? 
did you give 'em a sniff to make sure?
i don't get the mean of this picture, explain it please
Still in the plastic. Savages 
Funny?  More like utterly disgusting
Those are definitely pickles now
I dont know why people would bring a cucumber to a fifty sha.... oh..... ew
They must have been into black guys.
But I thought cats were afraid....... oh.
Plot Twist: This was really found in Lego Batman
And still in the package too! What a waste
Are they pickles now?
The movie theater manager posted it to Facebook saying they were put into lost and found if anyone wanted them back and that they were dry and clean. Just a prank.
Now you can collect them all up and give them to the homeless guy down the street.Free food is free food, nothing fishy about this.
Did you smell them? 
they didn't even take the plastic wrapping off. that had to hurt
Definitely look more like zucchini. 
Fake.  Left behind by someone that clearly doesnt have a vagina, because the plastic is still on it, and that shit is jagged
Who left this pickle here??
I'm sure those poor cats must have jumped 20 feet out of their seats. 
I work at a movie theater and we found several of those during shows of the first movie. Still haven't found any inside the new movie yet, but everyone cleaning that theater is wearing vinyl gloves just in case.
These look like hothouse cucumbers still in their plastic shrinkwrap. As long as thats not broken -- hey, free cucumbers! Take them home and make a salad!
If that's a prank, that's genius. 
What other vegetables did you add to the salad you made later?
(  _  )
[because this is /r/funny](http://en.memgenerator.pl/mem-image/yo-you-gonna-eat-that-en-ffffff)
Fucking vegans... 
Hopefully no poor movie patron slipped and busted their shit up from one of these. Uh work, I uh slipped on a slippery cucumber left on the floor of the new 50 Shades movie. I twisted my ankle and can't make it in today.,
Only the smell test will tell.. 
looks like it still has the original hard wrapping on it!
o man this made my day lol
Might be a pickle after that. 
If they sit there long enough they'll become a pickle 
Of course there are no bite marks; who wants to sink their teeth into a condom?
So your mom enjoyed the movie?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SILFHEFrHZ4
Did you smell them?
Should have dipped them in some brown pudding too
Ok but which row was it? 
Lick it.
Likely a prank, funny if used.
Sorry guys, that was me.  But to be fair I take my cukes to every movie just to spice it up
The fuck.
This can't be a thing...Is this seriously a thing?
Fifty Shades NAS-TAY!
[Good movie.]( https://youtu.be/93dsT8a9aAU)
No. God, no. [No](https://media.tenor.co/images/f15065c7487bf81ad0ddccca3f340645/raw) 
I wonder if they were pickles now.
Did they leave their cats too?
And a cellphone. Score. 
Man...a cucumber sandwich sounds delicious right now. 
Same thing was left behind after the Deadpool movie
im pretty sure the guy who cleans up the theater sniffed these. or OP
Smell them? Any wet seats?
Hey, Ron! Grab the mop...
if they were used they would obviously be pickled by now!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lBTZmcgbhHs
Prewrapped for her protection 
Did you take them home!? Someone is gunna have a bland old salad without them tonight!
Are they pickles now? 
No wet seats though, hmmm.
Creepy....
I call BS. 
I don't know how me and the ex-fianc would ever fuck in theaters. It was comfy at the expensive soft long seat theaters but that's not a common find. Other were just so uncomfortable to fuck in we just said enough. Even those seats look so uncomfy.. how they managed to spread and be inconspicuous is beyond me.
~~lesbian~~ Lebanese cucumbers
Nobody is mentioning that two ladies (or men or one lady and one man I guess) using the same 'device' decided to leave the evidence on the floor. 
Bachelorette party. 
Hope you wore gloves after picking them up. 
r/thathappened.
smells fishy to me....
/r/thathappened
Lick them
Ewww cucumbers! Maybe now they are very large pickles though..? 
Did you smell them? 
Ugh, savages. Use proper sex toys, like normal people.
Gives a new meaning to Brexit
Both cucumbers are sealed in plastic still. Nice try OP.
*Pickles
[deleted]
But...the wrappers are still on!
4th instalmentFifty Shades Fruit and Vegetables
Lies 
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=93dsT8a9aAU
Didn't even take it out of the Aladeen news of the Aladeen news?
They also forgot their phone
Geez I get nervous sneaking candy in
Were they slippery and smelly? 
I have a friend who works at my local theater, she told me this would happen but I didn't actually think she was serious, guess I was wrong
The plastic is not comfotable
Plot twist, it was op's cukes
They still have plastic wrap on them, prank or OUCH.
It would be weirder to snack on a cucumber at the movies than it would be to fuck it.
Fuckin grocery store ads.  When will they stop?
Unless they've been pickled, I don't believe it. 
So I guess the movie is worth it..?
Either those are English cucumbers or wrapped up zucchinis because normal cucumbers don't look like that 
ew
Did they pickle? 
They're actually English cucumbers (seedless) 
/r/thathappened
*'Cause girl you're perfect; you're always worth it; and you deserve it; the way you work it; 'cause girl you earned it; girl, you earned it, yeah*
I can see they are covered in that plastic stuff. The edges are sharp, so I am going to guess that no one put that anywhere. If anything, it was a prank or OP phishing for gold. 
Just be grateful for the fact that they aren't covered in shit.
Smell them
I got a BJ in a theater once.  It was really awkward though because it was rather full ...and the movie was terrible.
Original was posted on twitter by @Bamanboi
I think that they are pickles by that point.
> why does this place smell like popcorn, fish and Oil of Olay?
That's cool, I've been trying for years to eat a banana without any bite marks. 
Fake.
Glad I never leave my flesh light at the theatres.
Damn... those are some nice movie theater seats! I must live in a shitty town. 
R/trashy 
I dont know how people do this in a theatre ewwww
Just smell them.  That will give you the answer.
Good to know females are masturbating tooUnless...
When I worked at a movie theater for the first 50 shades movie I found a pair of dentures on the floor next to a bottle of vodka. 
No bite marks, only snail trails
That's one way to get your ruffege .
Ew.
*pickles
Plastic wrapping in tact. Still good!
r/trashy
Scared cat!
Is that a phone in the drink holder?
Dat legroom, though. 
Plot twist, OP put them there for Karma
Yeah I'd agree considering they're still wrapped in plastic, I would imagine that'd hurt a lot. 
Absolute madmen!!
So you're thinking some teens paid 15 bucks a piece and sat through 50 shades just to make this prank?As a former teenager I can tell you with certainty that that plan has absolutely no appeal to me.
This is one of those 4d theaters. It shoots cucumbers at your face to enhance the effects of Christian grey 
OP should put 'm on the seat and [see if they pickle](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lBTZmcgbhHs)
Nope, women leave them. Happens to us too. Source: Am movie theater usher guy
pretty sure this is the answer, or they would have taken the plastic off and maybe put on some rubber.
Looks like this is from a cinema in Norway. I don't know if it's legit but saw this in my feed.[Source](http://imgur.com/TOcAo3W) 
What kids go watch this movie haha. 
GOT EM COACH
I so want this to become a thing.  I'm leaving some behind as a prank.  I hope other people do too.
Pranks?? You just gave me an evil idea.  Smuggle in a few large zucchini and leave them scattered around.  Some of them can be as large as soft drink cans or even bigger (once I saw one that had larger girth than a 2 liter drink bottle)
Did OP get a good whiff to find out?
What kids? Why are kids in there watching that shit movie? If you'd like to say it's fake then say that's not the stupid ass movie and someone staging the whole thing. 
Yep number 1 kids movie.
The plastic wrap is still on, obviously a inept person as any curious experienced person knows better. Skin on with KY or peeled with a water based lube for the glide. Wife has fantasies and I have a little dick so have to make do.
Worked at a movie theatre for a while .. when the first movie came out we also found cucumbers
Plot twist they turned into pickles.
Jokes on you, he so plowed his own ass into a feta cheese salad.
 Considering they're still wrapped in plastic, youre probably right.
I'm betting some cats got scared shitless.
i mean if you're gonna do that, why not commit and put them in condoms? 
It appears they even tried to keep their healthy snacks fresh by wrapping them in a latex bag!
Oh, so did they masturbate their vaginas with the popcorn then or what?
Pfff yeah obviously guys, what else could it be
probably wasnt a shitty snack before they brought it in
No, Buzz Killington, we are not supposed to believe it. we are supposed to laugh at it. 
I like that you assume they would have a problem masturbating next to each other.  They might be shy. Oh wait a sec it's in a public movie theatre. 
If chaturbate has taught me anything it's that a single lady can easily find a way to make use of 2 dildos. 
OP works at cinema, staged this for karma.
4. What if they were friends? 
I definitely see your point. I think you are being too serious. Especially since this is r/funny. However, on a real note, I work at a theater and I have had many moments in which I have thought Who in their right mind... Crazy shit happens in theater auditoriums. More than the average theater goer would think.
Why does it have to be 2 women? 
5 is stupid. I'm a professional masturbator, they could've had a vibrator or just used their hands on their clit. Or maybe they just didn't feel like clitoral stimulation? When I'm a specific kind of horny I'm exclusively about penetration. 
I'm sure they were planted by a farmer.
You're saying it's a ruse?
>We're supposed to believe that two women had the very same idea, and that they just happened to be sitting next to each other?I mean, while it's hardly realistic either way,  better together than apart, I think.  If there are going to be two, It's more believable that a couple of drunk/high friendsperhaps even a romantic couple?would talk each other into this, than that two completely unrelated women would independently have the same absurd idea at the same theater.
Agreed.  My first response too was...why does the post say no bite marks?  Why would a woman go to a movie and then mime fellatio?  Do any women out there actually get off by pretending to suck and bite a cucumber by themselves in a theater?  I don't.... 
No my friend works at a movie theatre and found one after the original fifty shades movie 
perhaps they were 2 friends, who sat next to eachother, legs spread so that their legs crossed and their right and left hand respectfully helping the other out.that is what they want us to think..
There's a perfect stain there. Open your eyes, oprah
>1.  Nobody in their right mind would use those with the plastic on.> 2. The seats are completely free of any stains.Let's for a moment not talk about how these are fake/plants, and run with your first two points:1. I think that if you are crazy enough to bring a foot long vegetable meant for masturbation in to a movie theater - yes, they clearly would2. From what?
In terms of points 4 and 5, there could have been a fella sitting in between them who was taking care of flicking their beans (we have two hands), and that sounds like the kind of thing freaky people would be into.In terms of #1 I saw a guy put a glass jar in his bum, and someone getting fucked to death by a horse. People have bad ideas...
Maybe they just kind of straddled them during the movie? like grinding or whatever. i mean the whole movie is one big porno for most chicks, in it for the long haul.
VAGINA DENTATAAAAAAAA!
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0780622/
Yeah have you seen Teeth?
Or still had the teeth in the cucumber
Wonderful
They're cucumbers, not plants.
Some pun about pussy
So no one gets pregnant with a baby dill, duh.
To give you a real reason: infections. It's a known sterile wrapping. Even though you wouldn't get pregnant from a cucumber, it could put some nasty bacterial cultures inside of you and cause health problems. Thus, wrap it. Edit: on mobile, I mistook the plastic wrap for condoms. I've since been informed that it's an individual wrapping for cucumbers that some grocery stores use. What I said is under the assumption that they used condoms. It does not apply to grocery store plastic wrap. 
They are English cucumbers and they come with plastic wrapped around them.Source: Work in a produce department
[Family guy did it](https://youtu.be/lBTZmcgbhHs)
I gagged.
Depends.  Cucumber has plausible deniability and is cheap.  A [dildo the same size](https://www.amazon.com/Doc-Johnson-Classic-American-Challenge/dp/B002E9I0F2?th=1) guarantees everyone knows what you're using it for...
them is pretty big cucumbers  is that what woman want???
Some probably did.
> wrapping a giant cucumber upThey come that way, dumbass.
I feel bad for anyone thinking this was real
Or instead of a wrapped English cucumber, a plain unwrapped one with rounded ends. Pickling, I think? Anyway, there's enough wax on the skin that they'll probably slide right in.Jesus. Why am I putting so much thought into this?
Yeah, someone would totally use a cucumber without pulling off the foil. Enjoy tearing up your insides.
?? is there is lack of porn for women on the net?   I guess they need all the drama before climax. 
Fredrikstad joo!
Translate that shit 
They are English cucumbers. They sell them just like that in most of the bigger stores around where I live.
Definite cucumber. No courgette has plastic wrapping like that
Came here to say this. 
You underestimate the carelessness of idiots.
Holy cow I went this far before someone mentioned it.  I also mentioned it in a comment but you mentioned it an hour ago.Yeah this is fake as hell and funny if you're in high school.
i thought it was an upside down cup
debatable if they are dildos, but definitely not a [gag](https://www.artlimited.net/user/0/0/1/7/6/1/7/artlimited_img229634.jpg)
I think only men or very unexperienced girls would assume you can get off on a cucumber to a movie like this. 
which one of the both of you are usually right in these matters?
Are you a virgin 
Am female, can confirm your logic is correct.
No. Go on . . .
I don't think the film was long enough 
Nope, they're called English Cucumbers (the English probably conquered all the places who grew 'em.)
Aubergines and courgettes 
You prefer to cuke yourself in private?
No, it's worse.Those aren't wrappers, they're condoms
Depending on the sub, OP put them SOMEWHERE for karma.
Who leaves the wrapper on?
I'd agree if they were Zucchinis 
That is always my thought whenever there is a look at this crazy thing I found post.
More like karma sutra, amirite?
You think people would do that, just go on the internet and lie??
SOMEBODY GET /r/karmaconspiracy
This is the correct answer
Everyone was thinking it. The plot twist would be if it actually happened. 
r/karmaconspiracy
/r/KarmaConspiracy
Nevermind the cucumbers, are the fire extinguishers still there?
I agree, it's uncomfortable if you leave the plastic wrap on them......  dead give away
That's what I was thinking. There are seams on the plastic that would not feel good.
Uhhh, it *is* a film about bdsm. They might not have cared. 
Spit does wonders. - the porn industry
Plastic? Or condoms? 
r/madlads
Thanks for the perspective.  Some of us have never been teenagers, so it's good you could provide some input.
As a teenager that grew up in a super small town and goofy friends can confirm I would do something like this easily.  Plus, potential boobs.
Where the hell do you buy a cucumber for $15 a piece? Whole foods or some shit?
...what says this was actually 50 Shades? Could be any theater, any time.
You pay for a different movie and throw those in that theatre at some point, duh!!!
No, I'm thinking some teens paid 15 bucks a piece and sit through Lego Batman just to make this prank.
Idk, I can see a couple of curious bros wanting to see the movie but not wanting to admit it so they came up with this half-hearted prank as an excuse
Watch softcore porn and prank for 15+3 for cucumbers? Teen me would have totally
Uhh, they could very well have been there for a different movie and decided to kill two birds with one stone. Theater hopping is a thing among juvenile delinquents.
As a former teenager myself I'd know you can easily buy tickets for a different movie, walk in to where fifty shades is ending, throw your cucumbers down and then go see your actual movie.
Teenagers are the ones working at theaters. They wouldn't need to do any of that to achieve this photo.
I would've totally spent $15 for a stupid prank as a teenager
You go to see a movie you want then drop the cucumbers in the one that's playing 50 shades. Are you sure you are a former teenager?
They could've bought a ticket to another movie, went and placed the cucumbers in the 50 Shades theater, and then went to their movie. All of the theaters I've been to don't watch me go into the right theater after they check the ticket.
Dude just go see a good movie and then do the cucumber thing after. You must have been the worst teenager ever. 
Its a movie theater that could have had the pic taken any time, there is no evidence of an actual movie
Or, I don't know, maybe the 16 year old who cleans the isles inbetween movies did it? 
Its the yoghurt spraying i object to.
Yeap, I used to work at a theater. Never found anything like that but manager told me they find used condoms all the time. I came across lots of empty bottles of booze and dirty diapers. The most bizarre was a empty bottle of air conditioning refrigerant in a plastic bag. Only can imagine the type of person that needs to bring their huffing supplies with them to a movie.
Seriously?  Ew.
What movie? This picture could have been taken at Lego Batman.
At least here in Sweden cucumbers are actually sold in that plastic wrapping, but that shit is pretty hard/sharp so I doubt anyone would want that inside them
They come like that. And there is often a sharp ridge of where the plastic is sealed. No one in their right minds would put it in their vagina like that. 
Those look like English cucumbers. Where I live in California they come in plastic like that. Source: Work in the produce section of a grocery store
>masturbate their vaginasI like this wording, but I'm a guy.  I'm going to tell my wife I'll be right back because I have to masturbate my penis.
Well, this is r/funny, so you can understand the confusion.
It's just not funny 
You expect me to believe? No, Mr. Bond. I expect you to die... of laughter.
In which case, points one, two, three, and five still apply.
I mean... I can confess to having had sex in a theater when I was in high school, so I know that comparable things have happened. The joke just struck me as being lazy and poorly executed.
Fair point.
Pigeon is a expert on women! He has so many amazingly true stories of all the times hes been an expert. Do I even need a /s?
the cucumber industry's newest gorilla marketing campaign
It says no bite marks cause most people use their teeth when they eat food. 
So not only is it a dumb joke, it's also an unoriginal one!
What a wonderful phrase.
Vagina den tatas? I'm ok with that
I read this to the tune of the theme from The Lion King. 
I fucking forgot about that movie lmao.
That would be a movie called Teeth. It exists.
I just want to watch that movie to see if it is actually good or just hilariously far-fetched.
That movie came across as a great big anti sex before marriage PSA to me. 
[Cucumbers are actually part of the creeping vine type of plant](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cucumber)
Cats are scared of cucumbers 
> So no one gets pregnant with a baby dill, doh.FTFY
And thats how pickles are made
[Little Gherkins](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t2uWxPUj6hs)
[I made this gag 2 days ago](https://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/5szxhi/to_all_the_single_ladys_out_there_happy_valentine/ddjdkb1/) in a thread much the same as this... Reddit, you're becoming less original by the day!
but, wouldnt the end hurt?
What the fuck are you talking about with a known sterile wrapping?Even if we assume the wrapper was sterile when it was put on the cucumber, it wouldn't remain sterile after being in contact with other things.You think the outside of anything can remain sterile through the process of being shipped, stored, and purchased at a grocery store?You dumb.
but why not just put a condom on it
That's not a known sterile wrapper that's the shrink wrapping with sharp edges from the grocery store, touched by too many people. 
the question is why are they **still** on it, not why are they on it. 
'related to items you've viewed' says don't click that link.
Not sure if you own a vagina but most women would look at the hard plastic wrapping ends and pass. 
i doubt it, you could just bring a handbag and once the lights go out..
Except they make a lot of concealable dildos disguised as everyday objects plus there's other less painful options than hard plastic wrapped cucumbers (especially like yknow a normal sized unwrapped one. It'd have the girth factor too). This is just too obvious of a plant by either someone playing a joke or op themselves 
Hey Doc Johnson, how many dildos you hoping to sell off that link?
Plus you could eat the evidence, although they obviously didn't.
A hairbrush still makes so much more sense. 
Maybe thats my fetish.
Makes sense to me. Unless they're seedless you run the risk of pregnancy.
i mean the movie is about bdsm so maybe they would...
Maybe they brought them thinking they could use them, but there was a crowd and they chickened out and just dumped them before ever removing the plastic?
How dare you assume their nationality, pfffft.
Maybe where you live, but here in the Netherlands some stores do seal 'em like that.But yeah, these are cucumbers. Placed there by the theatre as a viral media stunt.
I thought she had no arms at first... 
If it smells like fish, a tasty dish. If you smell cologne, leave it alone. Duh! Didn't you pay no attention in health class? You gone get the AIDS.

r/produceerotica
/r/asspotatocucumberdog
Nobody leaves it on, because this shit is fake AF.
If its not on, its not on! No Glove, No Love!
Is it a condom? 
Voice of experience?
BDSM doesn't mean rip apart my vagina with sharp plastic.
Then they would have knocked nails through them.
A coupl'a fellow druggos I'd reckon
Can confirm, I have Benjamin Buttons disease as well.
They meant the price for the movie ticket.
Yea for real. I would kill for a 15 dollar cucumber. They are 20 minimum in my town.
Could have been Lego batman :o
Also, they could've seen another movie and then just walked in anyway. 
this is the most plausible story (other than the obvious middle-aged woman culprits), lol
our hijinks were less subtle and more destructive, unfortunately.
I used to work at a theater too and we never found anything like that unless it was one of our Filipino movies because those peoples will bring full meals and fruits. People definitely fuck and get blown at the theaters tho. We had the First 50 shades and I don't remember hearing about finding anything weird in paticular.
Now **that** is sick.
They sell some types like these larger ones in plastic wrap in the US as well.
Sounds like somebody may have tried
yeah we sell English cucumbers like that in the US
Isn't that the point of that movie?
Same in America. That's what these are 
You'd be surprised.
Challenge accepted!  Now to find a vagina....
/r/Objects/ disagrees with you, also NSFW
Noone in their right mind was present in that theater.
You said vagina hehehe
Sure they come like that, but it takes a lot longer to arrive.
fuck you're right thats hilarious.
Why do you think it's on /r/funny? 
It's women, not men, there isn't always a mess.  There goes point two.I'm assuming they didn't buy the produce at the theater, so they would have brought their tools with them.  There's point three.Could have been a couple friends who thought it sounded like a great idea.  There goes point four.Maybe they enjoy penetration more.  There's five.If they're masturbating in a theater they're not exactly in their right mind.  Point one.
Oh yeah for sure. Like I said I see your point. Somebody likely just snuck some cucumbers in and went into a theater and placed them for the pick. That would be a funny ass find though. Just yesterday someone snuck in 2 full homemade bowls of chicken fajitas with rice. I sitting there thinking How the fuck did they get these by us?
I figured pigeon was a frigid woman.    This makes it way funnier. 
Ohhhhhhhh,  but it still has the wrapper so of course there would be no bite marks.  Why would you stick rough plastic in your vagina? Man I'm confused at this whole situation. 
It means more worries for the rest of your days
Hakuna Matata is not the Lion King's Theme
As you should. http://www.queenofwands.net/d/20040121.html
That is indeed the tune it should be sung to
It's slow, bad acting, no special effects (don't expect to see it), unnecessary invest for no reason, more bad acting. It's a okey b-movie idea but ten execution is just so boring, such a waste... 
It was a much better short story... I can't remember which book in the series it was in, but check out the series here...https://www.librarything.com/series/Hot+Blood
Watched it. I'd recommend it, ya know, if teethy vaginas are your thing. 
It's not a masterpiece but I enjoyed it going into it as a comedy more so than the serious tone it tries to have. 
Cucumbers are actually alien lizardpeople eggs and we all know it. 
Are cougars?
I can't upvote more than once, if I could, this would be it.
It means dill as in dill pickle
That cucumber clearly left her a pickle.
* [Pickles](https://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/1562472903/image_400x400.jpg)
A lot of us don't read every post.  I promise you that I didn't read or steal your line, it was just a dumb off the cuff remark.  It's not like it was so brilliant only one person in the world would think of it.  
I'm not sure what you mean. The stem? Likely, but I've never tried, so that is pure conjecture. 
It looks like a condom on mobile, which is what I thought it was. I hope you have a lovely day. 
I'm on mobile, but I thought they had done just that? Or is this packaging and not a condom?
You're right, I miss read that. I thought it was the same question a different redditor had.
It's usually bought with that gigantor butt plug
Open in private browsing.  You're automatically logged out of all your accounts, so it shouldn't show up.
Already ruined that [for the sake of a joke](https://www.amazon.com/Black-Destroyer-Huge-Dildo-Pounder/dp/B008ATAO7W).
I share prime with my mom and brother, this could be funny....
Not to mention the vast majority of women don't orgasm from penetration. More likely to find something motorized if there was real muffin buffin going on. 
Oh man I never saw those when I cycled through a few months ago. I guess I thought they wouldn't because they're not salad things?
That's *also* a fetish.
look again at the eyes.... the apple sized (photo-shopped) eyes are what cheeped me out.
the AIDS!?  ohh noooo 
I am disappointed to be honest. 
It does in *50 Shades of Grey*. I think. It's not a very healthy depiction of bdsm.
Those are zucchinis
At that point they're not being sold as cucumbers...
I'd give them points for masturbating to a better quality of movie at least.
Or cucumber man.
But we label them small
Norwegian here, we got the same wrapping. I've cut myself on the fucking things multiple times while stocking them in the shop I work at.
Is there more than one type of cucumber? In England I only ever see one type, which call just call cucumber 
He said no one in there RIGHT MIND  so you can't have crazy Cindy do it. 
Made it to the football....thats enough internet for today....
.
Well I was trying to eat chips with guacamole but  I lost my appetite when I saw the avocado.
Hah, that reminds me of the time that I told my first grade class that my grandmother was a smuggler. She had taken me out to the theater, and rather than paying the exorbitant prices for candy from the concession stand, she said that we'd just smuggle in our own. I didn't realize that smuggling was usually a criminal activity.
GF and I were talking about It Follows and other horror movies. She suggested I watch Teeth.No thanks.
Its the hands and mouth are free,Penectomy!VAGINA DENTATAAAAAA!
no penis*
Of course it is. For the rest of your days.
It's ALMOST worth it for I HAVENT EVEN JERKED OFF SINCE EASTER!
Oh they definitely meant for it to be a comedy. 
I mean that doesn't sound right but I don't know enough about it to refute it.
Pickling them is the only way to ensure they don't hatch!
No but cats are
its cool, i didn't mean it to come off like i was accusing you of stealing. was just pointing out the cyclical and repetitive nature of conversation on this site - you're right, I guess a conversation involving cucumbers can only go so many ways
Both endings have quite a harsh piece of plastic. Can't imagine this is real, that's pure masochisms.  
Well that's a very reasonable mistake.
It's wrapping.
Which do you want first, the Aladeen news of the Aladeen news? 
Might be /r/insertions  NSFW obv.
They're British cucumbers actually.
You are not supposed to put them into a orifice before stocking them.
English cucumbers are longer and thinner than a normal cucumber and come wrapped where I work. We also have baby cucumbers which are just like they sound.
Actually she's very logical and calculating.
That wasn't insertion, that was birth.
Life Pro Tip:  do not google vagina dentata
I did the same with my BF. Is it you honey
My favorite thing from Teeth is the subtitle for the sound it makes chomping off a dick, *squelch*
i was shopping around for a white elephant party i was going to with some friends. we went to big lots and were browsing around. i happened to see that and joked we should get it. later back at my friends place we wrapped it up to look like something else and nicely as well, well they actually did it i dint have the ability. it was the first gift picked and the guy threw it across the room. later we found out someone was mad they didnt get it and couldnt find it. as far as i know its still being passed around bt them.
It's actually pretty funny. 
Aw gee now I have to apologize for coming across like a little bitch :)  Yeah I guess you're right - of all the veggies, cukes are pretty limiting. Now potatoes ...
You are HIV.. aladeen 
He will have 3 AIDS please.
Thank you for delivering something age old and yet, to me at least, completely new. 
No data My curiosity, it burns. 
DAFUQ?
But I just got out the shower. 
I can't unsee this. I thought I'd seen it all, but then I get on reddit. 
Well, NOW you say that.
Fuck, you're telling me I've been doing it wrong all this time?
Says you.
Quality control
Almost too calculating.
IDK, the google search is more hilarious than you'd think.
Such innocence...
Idk, Are you 5'8, Asian and wicked hot?
White elephant party?I'd go with a [Coupon for a blowjob from Madeleine Albricht.](http://i.imgur.com/lk8JIqT.jpg)
Now *there's* variety. Boil 'em, mash 'em, stick 'em in a stew!
Only way is for OP to bite into one and see if it is salty...
Putting things in places
My curiosity got the best of me. Idk if I'm turned on or sick
Just wait until you see the rest of the internet! You're in for a treat.
*Nice*
Pickles
Putting 5 lamps in the Louvre.
If looking by the flashing tags for the mods, I'd guess sick.  It's one of a dozen or more subs that taken over by trolls a few months back.
No... No... I'm good. I need to get back on my feet and ready for when reddit inevitably blows my mind with more NSFL material tomorrow.
THERE ARE FOUR LIGHTS
If everything is highlighted, nothing is
This was my experience in law school. I had never actually ran a highlighter out of fluid until then. 
Don't highlight on your first pass. Start at the end and get a gauge of what the true meaning/ take away point will be for the section. Then go back to highlight what is relevant. 
[Highlighting stupid parts](https://img.ifcdn.com/images/3793347c69766b454dfc05924a559503ccbd5be5bf327275f33dbebeda24973b_1.jpg)
How did you get a hold of Mary Curie's notebook? That shit looks radioactive. 
A friend at work loaned me a book she wanted me to read.  It's a dry book, but I was ready to read it.She underlines random shit and puts little notes all over the place.  It is *so* distracting that I know I won't be able to read it.  I make it a couple paragraphs and then I stop again to be like, why the heck did she underline that word?
Had a professor that used to include Complete this sentence questions on his quiz that were straight from the text. The problem is that they weren't usually relevant to the overall material and guessing was difficult. The bastard even used the margin and footnote portions. 
But why isn't it working?https://i.imgur.com/j8WQQjY.gifv 
And theres tears.  Dont forget the tears.  Tears raining down on your highlighter mess and smudging everything to high heavens.
Gotta say I never really saw the point of highlighting.  Read, comprehend, repeat if necessary, move on with life.
Every student in my 4th grade class.
Not like it matters but that's a still from Malcolm In the Middle. 
You use highlighters? I just dip my books in fluorescent paint.
ogm  a blank page!? **HIGHLIIIIIIIIIIII**
I could never do highlighting. The logic in my brain was always, How do I know whats important if I don't know what the question is?.
Like when you're reading the scriptures 
Different highlighter colors depending on some factor. When I was in the Air Force they recommended highlighting the answers to subsection quiz questions in yellow and section quiz answers in blue. Anything that ended up green should be studied extra. 
Same here. Man I'm glad that's over.
as in read through it twice? thats a lot of reading for a whole book, especially if you have several books 
I just drew a single line on the edge of the page with the highlighter if I needed to remember a chapter or more.
This! I had a professor who wrote an entire quiz around a single paragraph in the chapter but didn't tell us ahead of time which paragraph. If you didn't have the chapter memorized, you flunked. It was ridiculous.
Oh damn that's a good tip.
I like this. I might add in something like anything that the professor repeated a few times in a single class should be highlighted in red. but idk.  
I'm going off of a college curriculum where they assign chapters or sections. So do a read thru once and avoid writing anything down but like a thesis for each section. Go back to skim and make highlights. 
I dont doubt it's a good idea, i just can't imagine doing that much reading because im not a fast reader, and that would take me ages. 
Looking for the precious?
Chav cat. Someone please photoshop a tracksuit on this glorious animal. 
He has to sit like this or his deductive skills will decrease by 40%.
Might have hip problems or something. I had a cat that was hit by a car and sat in a similar way because I guess the normal was too uncomfortable. 
L
Reminds me of a gargoyle. Very cute cat!
L's cat (Death Note)
L
[Filthy hobbitses](https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/1a/51/30/1a5130f81f8614eeae0717fb00c7e673.jpg)
This makes me uncomfortable. 
this cat looks like he's sick of people making fun of him
Submit this to /r/photoshopbattles 
Comfy
pooping
kajit
Catsquat.
Looks like spring-loaded kitteh, ready to pounce!
I saw a similar pic of a cat sitting like this because he was traumatized after having his temperature taken.
Please tell me his name is froggy
...WHAT?!
Lol who else sits like this occasionally?
This may seem all fun and cute, but when an animal sits like this there is actually a good chance of them being a cat and those things are assholes.
Where are the adidas track pants?
Looks like taxidermy, looking straight at the cam like that.. makes me think fake eyes..
My ginger cat does that too!
that ain't right
That's way creepy. 
Be careful the gargoyle might turn to stone
It looks like she is saying, *You mad bro?*
In his other life he was a monkey.
[FIFY](http://imgur.com/GQ1gHT9)
Came here looking for gollum references.  Was not disappointed.
/r/creepy
Why yars come in pleesh 
/r/hmmm
This cat is probably a really good detective. 
Gremlin mode!!
My Precioussssssss 
does anyone know what breed this is? 
Vet here, that might be a sign of abdominal distress, has this cat been examined by a professional recently? It  should.
/r/SlavSquat/
Russian Blue?
EXACTLY my first thought. 
What's it got in its pocketses?
[Did i do it right?](http://imgur.com/a/jhYyt)EDIT: Fun fact: i use paint.net
I think you are confusing chav with slav, slavs do the famous slav squat. The tracksuit is applicable to both though.
I was hoping to see something like this thanks #Godsofdeathloveapples
99% of the time he sits normally, only rarely we catch him sitting like this lol. He is a very active cat and runs around like normal!
Nope, just hiding his random boner.
[Doesn't look all that traumatized](http://imgur.com/a/jUjW0)
Haha! His name is actually Buddy :)
came here for this
Yes
Purr-fect.
Im coming to you for all my Photoshop needs. 10/10
 Better than I could ever have hoped! 
[Chaviest Cat](http://i.imgur.com/q5cYcYa.jpg)
Haha all that empty white space 
Damn. They aren't the same thing?
Was he licking himself? He looks embarrassed.
Oh how we hates dogssesss
Slav is used to describe Slavic people. Chav is uniquely English.
You must not have a cat.
This is full of idiotic decisions like why the fuck is she in front of the TV like that for? 
what's depressing is these are two adults: one, a woman, who is holding the boards in front of her face; the other, a man, who despite being an full grown man, wants his super cool karate kick filmed.
Didn't have her arms locked, didn't have her feet planted  to resist the force.And he knew it.  If you've ever broken a single board - and the crispness of his practice kick alone tells me he has - then you know how to hold one, and that what she's doing is only going to blow her up.
I just came from watching this: http://i.imgur.com/1yefoJY.gif
She had it coming. 
LPT: You have to put spacers between the boards to break that many at a time.
It takes all kinds of idiots to make the world go around.
So does this guy just walk around in a gi all day or did he get dressed up to kick in his wife in the face?
she looked so happy before Mr. Newton said hello.
So, what does it mean if you can break boards if you kick them?  Is it a special skill, or does it make you some sort of specialized fighter? I have never understood this.  
Nobody in this scene thought any of this through
One, those boards weren't square cut, so they should be easier to break.Two, if you're legit trying to break 4 or 5 real not-dried-in-the-oven boards, you don't use the piss-ant side-kick-flick that this guy is demonstrating.Three, it takes at least 4 strong people to hold those boards. Not one person with slightly flexed arms.Four, as a brown belt that guy should know all these things, so his brown belt is meaningless.
I have 3 questions. 1. Why are you inside? 2. If outside wasn't an option, why did you stand in front of the TV?3. What reasoning brought us to this event? 
As someone who has broken boards in martial arts classes and competitions, the number of things wrong here is just obscene.* You don't break wood in your home, in the living room, in front of a TV, with a holder who has no idea what (s)he's doing. This is the martial arts equivalent of test firing your gun in your apartment.* Woman is holding four or five boards, and those only barely by her fingertips. There should be AT LEAST three people holding those boards, ideally four.* Woman is on her knee, therefore lacking anything resembling solid foundation.* Woman's elbows are bent; there is literally no strength supporting those boards.* Woman is holding the boards from the side rather than from the top and bottom. To break a board, your weapon needs to be running parallel to the grain of the wood, and your holders need to hold the wood along the same parallel. In this case the martial artist (quotes on purpose) here is using a side kick which means his weapon *should be* (see next point) the knife edge of his foot which is horizontal. That means the wood grain needs to be horizontal too, and the woman's hands should be at the top and bottom. I can't tell what the grain is but the hands are definitely in the wrong place.* The martial artist has a shit side kick. He's kicking with his heel rather than with the knife edge of his foot. He's also not turning his hips enough or stepping through with his right leg enough to gain power. He's also bending forward as he kicks; you can see this most obviously right after he kicks as he pitches forward. This means his weight is not over his standing (right) foot, which means his kick will be weak. Finally, he's snapping his kick rather than driving it through. A side kick is **not** a quick jab, it's a slower but more powerful technique that requires hip position, balance, and driving force. He lacks all of the above.* Based on his shit side kick, this martial artist has bitten off *way* more than he can chew. Either he's got a shitty teacher or he hasn't been training for more than maybe 6-9 months. With the technique he demonstrated I could see him breaking two boards, maybe three if he got lucky. He's got four, possibly five boards there. No way he's doing that with the technique he's shown.
https://media.giphy.com/media/LycfkVG4L6x0Y/giphy.gif
When I watch videos like this I sometimes ponder that if not for the select few, humanity never would have made it this far.
[deleted]
It's the pull-*back* that generates all the power
Low key spousal abuse
So her thumbs aren't stronger than his leg?
/r/expected
Well woodn't you know, it didn't work
Looks like she won't hold his wood anymore. 
> figured it wood_Knot for me.
Wood. I see what you did there. 
All this preparation to do a simple with his foot.
Honestly she doesn't look to surprised to have wood pummel her face...
In DEE face!!!!  
The surprising thing is how she acts like she's never had wood hit her in the face. 
At first, I thought I was in /r/woodworking and was trying to understand how this would cause a figure in the woodgrain.
No, that's not how that works...She wasn't ready...he wasn't powerful enough...plus he didn't chamber his leg before he kicked, it was as if he was just extending his leg into the boards, but idk. Maybe he was holding back so he wouldn't accidently hurt her.
And you STAY down. 
He prances around before kicking like he's the most powerful force on the planet.
That went like... 1000x better than I expected.
I've learned this lesson the hard way.
Can we stop pretending that breaking cheap wood along the grain is hard? Anyone could do that who has 2 legs and a heart beat. 
You can see his regret before his foot even hits the ground
Depends. Are her thumbs broken?
Even in the best case scenario the wood would split and launch splinters directly at her face like what's the thought process there??
My two arms are going to be stronger than your leg. Perfect. 
People are missing the point. This actually wasn't about the kick, but to demonstrate that she had thumbs that would stay attached to her hand when subjected to impact in a fully extended position. I for one, am impressed!
Bow to your Sensei!
Flawless victory
If theres anything Ive learned about women and holding things, its that women suck at holding things.
FINISH HER!
He didn't break the TV, I only give him a 6
I was waiting for that exact result and was not disappointed.
What a fucking retard. This is why idiots shouldn't take martial arts. They think they're fucking Bruce Lee but they're just a shitty attitude and a fragile ego wearing a Gi. 
gifs that end too soon 
Typically when trying to break this many boards you have some support holders too. 
Rest in pieces
Boards, don't hit back. 
POW, right in the kisser.
Hold by beer
Did she died?
That guy wasted his whole life studying a worthless martial art.  Pathetic.  I bet someone with one year training in boxing or wrestling could beat the fuck out of him.
What did they think was gonna happen?
I've done breaks like this. You need 3 people holding. 1 on each side holding the edges and a 3rd person holding their backs for support.
I need a slow motion version of this. Aka I am too lazy to find or make one. 
Planks a lot babe.
the whole time i'm watching this i'm like please don't kick her in the face please don't kick her in the face ...
That beech took it on the chin
rip tv
I don't even know what to say.....this looked likeDisaster from the start. Obviously this wasn't gonna work and people were gonna get hurt.... alright alright alright....cool. 
Back in '68 I could kick down a tree, would have taken state.... (shivers)
Rex Kwon Do baby!
Sorry hun, but you can't go to the hospital, I don't think they'll believe how this happened.
 
Did it even break in half
I see what ya did there 
Should of got a man to hold those pieces of wood.
At Rex Kwan Do we use the buddy system.
/r/nononono
Not me. I thought for sure the TV was doomed.
Morning would
And THAT'S why you have wrist holders
Reminds me of Bloodsport. 
I don't know, I'm pretty board.
I can't stop watching. I think I've watched this 40+ times.
Hahaha. This made my laugh so hard. How happy they both are before, yeah this is gonna be great honey. In Russia wood breaks you.
I thought it was going to go in the tv 
Gifs that end too soon. 
Wood to the face
Title, I see what you did there.
Merry Christmas!
At least she didn't lock her elbows. I was expecting worse.
Made for each other.... 
.........well thats just a bad understanding of basic physics right there
Am I the only one thinking about her milf-ness?
Happy valentines honey ! Here is a concussion 
She's holding it wrong first of all...  secondly, why by the tv..    third..  idiots.
I had to go back and check really quick to see if  I was in funny or wtf before I watched.
/r/gifsthatendtoosoon
Yeah. Reposting a gif is a pretty predictable event. 
Alcohol
Yeah Not sure what it says about me but all I could think was 'Watch out for the tv'
What woman doesn't like wood to the face? 
Why is there a for at the end of that sentence?
And bracing the boards with only her thumbs.  
Came here to say that as well... Why is it when people are doing stupid shit it's in front of something fragile or expensive.
Trying for 'trending' status no doubt
*Because* that particular form of Martial Art is called ..... Fujitsu
Hello? Mr. Darwin? Mr. Charles Darwin?
[deleted]
And the man is wearing a black belt, indicating that he is either making a mockery of his training, or pretending he had any training to make a mockery of.
I feel like in America they give out black belts for karate just for showing up a certain number of times. That's why so many 12 year olds have black belts. Maybe this guy got his black belt at 12 and stopped training.
Don't forget the cameraman. I'd like to image it's uncle ricko from napoleon dynamite.
The man is an idiot. You have to hold the boards firmly and never in front of your face, its to the sides.. He's a fucking dumbass.
Its staged fake and gay. Look how hard he kicks even, not enough force to even break a single board. The real idiot is you for thinking this is a legitimate situation.Edit: the way he reacts even, this is the fakest shit ive seen in a while, you must all be middle aged moms to think this shit is real.
Also not holding the boards right.  May have broken her thumbs.
The crispness of his practice kickWhat are you talking about? That kick was awful! It's a shitty flick with more force coming back than going out!Source: I'm a 3rd degree black belt in taekwondo. That guy sucks.
Regardless of her arms being locked, there is no way she was going to able to support a break with just her thumbs...
He did it for that sweet karma
I love how he knows he needs it precisely 4 inches lower. Impressive athleticism.
>I just came You jerk off to weird stuff
She was board. 
> She ~~had~~ saw it coming.
LPT: If you get on your knees to hold a man's wood, you'll get it in the face.
Nope, you just need more than 1 person holding them.
LPT: supergluing sheet metal between each layer of wood will actually increase their breakability by 53 and make it much easier for the holder to maintain their grip.
Are you telling me there's a job for an idiot like me where I constantly turn the earth around?
Just think about how stupid the average person is, then realize half of them are even more stupid. 
He thinks he is so cool too. 
It's harder than it sounds. You have to have good control of your form to avoid harming yourself from it.The lesson learned from breaking boards is more psychological than physical. Sure, it looks cool and you have to have decent strength and control to do it, but the important part is learning to follow through on your strikes. Most people will subconsciously hold back when punching or kicking out of fear of hurting themselves. Martial artists need to learn NOT to do that, and breaking boards is good practice for it.
[I'll just leave this here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qJH2f6cyrOM)Basically, score the boards first.
Soldarkhunter explained well but it should be expanded upon that the practical point of breaking (particularly in karate) is that you may be striking an armored opponent with bare hands. If you can break stone with bare hands then bamboo or padded armor can be defeated even when unarmed. In general, the force needed to accomplish the breaks also demonstrates real damage that can be dealt. If a man can break a coconut by punching it, he can almost definitely fracture a skull with a punch. Martial arts are about fighting, at the end of the day. So breaking hard things shows the force you can deliver in a relatively safe way. Finally, the repeated microfractures created by the practice literally hardens the bones in the appendages doing the striking. Meaning that even if two people hit you with the same force, if one has done years of breaking and the other has done none, the former is going to do more damage. 
Probably a brown belt from the taekwondo joint in a trashy strip mall somewhere near him.
but but but he has a black belt..
We purposely trained him wrong- as a joke!
Pow, right in the kisser!
I was told that is because the force transferred is concentrated over less time, increasing the amount of energy delivered per moment. However since some styles just emphasize follow through,  I don't really know about the scientific validity of the theory. 
Wooden sounds better :p
Stephen hawking? 
> wasted his whole lifeThat seems a bit excessive...I myself have practiced Judo, Ju Jitsu, MMA and Tae Kwondo and I'm only 20. You can do a lot in your lifetime.
Should have.
At least I don't post homophobic memes thinking they're funny...http://imgur.com/UI0fC0fhttp://imgur.com/gallery/gXdlprE
The exact reason I broke my hand trying to punch boards like this. Protip: when you hear someone say, Nobody has been able to break through 4 yet! Don't be like me and take it as a drunken challenge. 
Took less than 10 minutes for 15 downvotes.  Good job, asshole.
well he *did* break the boards...and his wife's face...and his tv...
His kick was awful for a black belt.  Fake.
I can tell you that this is impossible, I have worked on wood, I know how strong it is, and the amount of force he would have to generate would be easily over 5 tons if that was the easiest wood to break. No one can do this and if you see someone doing it, the wood is pre cut and glued back together. He is probably one of those MMA fighters where they take a month to learn different martial arts. He is an idiot and I hope his kids will learn from his mistakes. I did, my dad thought wind is a finite resource and in grade school I was correcting him.
I took each of my kids to Tae Kwon-Do as soon as they became old enough, starting at around age 38. It took me 8 years but I was the one who finally earned a black belt; in our dojang you had to work for your advancements.
Can confirm. Have junior black belt at age 12. But I learned Brazilian jiu-jitsu on the side. Only got to blue belt, but holy shit are those move effective
No, at the end of each belt you have to take a test and demonstrate what you've learned. If you are able to show off whatever you learned for that belt without messing up, then you earn your next belt.
Unfortunately, it really is just about the number of times you show up.  Back when I did Japanese Jiu Jitsu, it pretty much came down to every 6 months you get a new belt.  And if you were 18 years or older, you were only a white belt for the first 6 months. Then you went straight to brown.
At least in the US, I've never seen a Blackbelt under middle school age. In Korea, you see black belts on kids under 10. You can get a blackbelt in a year or two in Korea.
Gay? I saw nothing gay.
Especially the part where the lady pretends to get hit in the face by 4 boards.
Did you see how bad his flexibility was on his practice kick?  I'm willing to believe he's just an idiot.
lol so true.I am laughing at all these people saying how stupid the couple in the video are...  how ironic.
In contrast, [this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UWj2h3cjd_0) is what it looks like when someone doesn't suck (1:35).
That was exactly my thought.  How did that guy think that was a good practise kick?
Maybe I'm seeing it all wrong.  Maybe you've been at it too long to remember what someone who is entirely untrained looks like.I didn't look at it over and over, but what I saw was a quick flick in a more or less straight line.  Total amateurs don't do that for practice or real kicks.So he's a yellow belt or something.  He should still know enough to know that he's set her up totally wrong for what she's doing.
Didn't even see that detail.
Well....if it worked for him....       unzips
Boarded
Nailed it.
I saw it coming a mile away
The real LPT is always in the comments!
That was awesome.
Yup. Been there. Done it. Hurts like hell, but it's doable. 
My old tae Kwon do instructor always said you want your punch to end up going through their head, not in it.
Thank you for explaining that.  Makes sense.  
Side note, if you're not hitting anything you still need to pull at the end. All that energy you'd be expending fucking up someone or something else still has to go somewhere, and you really don't want it to be your elbows or knees.
Ha! That was making fun of homophobia. Satire is hard. 
Don't worry. I tried to punch through a cement light pole when drunk coming from a bar. Broke 3 bones and compressed 1 of my knuckles. I was an absolute idiot. 
My best friend knows my trigger words when I'm drunk. Bet you can't.....Bet you can't slap that cop and run away.Bet you can't kick that lightbulb on the ceiling.Bet you can't take 4 darts in the back.
Pro tip, no one can kick or punch through wood, if you see people that do, it's pre cut. They punch through tiles because they are MUCH weaker then wood. Yay grade school science!
What'd they say? 
The heck did he say?
IKR? The fuck was that about?
I don't think he actually broke any boards. Just kicked them out of her shitty grip.
Given how she was holding the boards, unless she has the strongest thumbs of anyone on earth, they didn't break.
Or it's from one of those schools that have basically become a commercial mockery of their art in North America.Hell, even our serious martial art schools are a mockery compared to what it's like back in their home country. Last I heard, blackbelt here tends to be barely able to survive the early courses in the more serious schools in Korea(this was for tai kwan do, the schools that aren't selling out here).
Surely your kids were old enough before they turned 38?
as a singular martial art nothing beat bjj.
It varies from place to place, every dojo is different.
/U/jimmierussles was probably projecting his fantasies of a powerful extending limb cleaving a hard, thick, and supple target.    
It's an old internet joke, from back before memes existed. Ray William Johnson used to do a show on YouTube where he'd sort of review funny video clips. Sometimes things were called fake and gay, because during that era of the internet, gab was used as an insult. 
 good to me enjoy my upvote you earned it!
Taekwon-do cuts are always a hit or miss. There are the cool cuts, with the guys in robes that do tornado kicks and stuff, and then there are the other cuts where people are wearing the vest with targets on them doing the crab dance.
Is it satire when you compare them to zombies that are being gunned down by a chopper?
You say idiot I say dreamer 
I once crushed my knuckle on a metal light post so I feel you. 
Who do you think put the bones in the cement?
Honest question. How stupid are you when you're sober? No amount of alcohol could cause me to do any of those things. I would die of alcohol poisoning before I did anything that stupid (sorry if this is mean but like, come on...)
I don't know, but I felt left out so I down voted too
Her hands should have been top and bottom for that kick.  Not her fault though, he should have made sure they were held the right way.
If you pause it just right, you can tell by the pixels that he did.
I really want to learn more about martial arts, but I can't stand any of the schools in the states.  I really wish there were some places that would take it a bit more seriously outside the native countries of origin.
I thought of that as I was writing,  but figured,  What the hell.
Pft Muay Thai is a million times better. How many street fights do you see with two dudes wrestling for submissions? The vast majority are stand-up, and Muay Thai is best at stand-up. Source: Have done both for years.
Ray William Johnson! Where did that douchecanoe sail off to?
ITF is more of the nitty gritty tkd. WTF is Olympic style and mainly focuses on kicking
I've seen Taekwondo, Tae Kwon Do, never Taekwon-do
But I'm not the only one
Some say I'm a dreamer.  But I'm not.
Seriously, can you imagine if he'd pulled it off? Fuckin legend I tell ya. 
I once texted an ex so I feel ya
I'm right there with you lol
Wouldn't have helped. There's just no way she was going to hold that many. She could hold one or two but after that, it's not likely you'll break through cleanly. Also, you're supposed to put small spacers in between the boards, otherwise you have no hope of breaking through anyway.
But can you tell just by the way that it is??
I may be mistaken, but from what I can tell, he broke cleanly through two of them, and two mostly intact boards fell to the ground along with 4 halves.  However, it also appears as though the third board was partially broken, as I believe I see it missing a corner before falling in such a way as to hide said corner.2.25/4
Typically the best way to do this is to get involved with a very low key school in an unpopular art. Hapkido for example. If most people have never heard of it, probably a better chance the school isn't just a cashgrab.Issue of course is, finding schools like this is incredibly difficult. You kind of need to get an in with the community to figure out where to go. They're also not for the physically unfit (or even the kinda fit types), but starting at an easier school is likely going to give you bad habits that will be hard to undo. And finally, they're only even semi common in mega cities with high immigrant populations, if you don't live in one good luck.
Here's a technique, ever smash a grape between your index finger and thumb? 
i see guys fall to the ground all the time during fights. bjj is way less dependent on size, strength, and athletic ability. but sure a lot of street fights are guys swinging stupid haymakers.
In many street fights the fight  actually goes to the ground.
Umm, lots of them? Heaps of street fights seem to end up with people wrestling on the ground. There's a reason the clinch is so useful on MT, and even pro boxers get into them.I'd bet on a top BJJ guy against a top MT guy one on one any day. I think you'd be hard pressed to find a decent MMA competitor anywhere that doesn't have at least decent ground fighting basics,  simply because if they didn't they'd be history the moment they ended up on the ground. 
I think the dfw area 
ITF and WTF style shit talk each other endlessly. As a 20 year ITF guy, fuck WTF :).
> I've seen Taekwondo, Tae Kwon Do, never Taekwon-doTaekwon-do* [It's the official name of the ITF](http://www.taekwondoitf.org/) * It's in the name of the video I replied to * It's on the uniforms the ITF guys wore* It was spelled that way on most of the plaques in the background in the videoI think I got good reasons for writing it the way I did.
I got the reference.  Have an upvote.
Ha ha.... the only one
The only way he could is if it is pre cut
And by ex, you mean your hand right?
4 boards is holdable by one person with the right technique, but it is pushing it.  You're much better off having two people on it.  I have held 4 solo before but I wouldn't recommend it.  Even with good technique by the holder and striker it makes things more difficult. Using the spacers is done to make it much easier, but breaking a flat stack of boards is the more traditional method.  You're supposed to be scaling the difficulty when stacking boards.  Breaking 4 that way in our circles was considered a bench mark of power, but you can go higher.  I could do 5 consistently, 6 at peak, and I've seen other people do more.  At those numbers you have to wrap tape around the ends to make it possible to hold though since it's much thicker than the holders grip. The people in the video did nothing right though.  That kick technique was garbage.  It wouldn't surprise me if the boards were cross grained too.  
Yeah you can tell she could barely get a grip.
[Here are 8 pine boards, each one 300x300x19mm thick, no spacers, in a board holder](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aKyi8VgW1as).I filmed this video of my Taekwon-Do instructor. Awesome athlete.[Here he is doing a 5 board break by hand.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aKyi8VgW1as)
How neat is that?!
Hapkido is one of the least realisticly trained styles most places outside Korea. Less consistency than even TKD, lots of emphasis on totally unrealistic moves that only work on compliant opponents. It suffers from kitchen sink syndrome,  where there are so many techniques and areas it tries to cover we that it frequently never excels in any.While it can be great if you find a really good school, chances of that are pretty slim most Western places. If people want to learn a realistic style, look for a style that trains against uncompliant opponents, with a realist sparring, at least at the higher levels, and at least more limited sparring for the lower levels. Muay Thai, boxing, BJJ, judo, sanda, kyokushin etc are good places to start. I'd stay away from MMA that tries to teach 'mma' as such, look for mma that has separate  BJJ and striking trainers, because there's lots of crap MMA now as well. 
Yeah... unless Walmart has one tucked away in the back racks, it's doubtful anything would be like that anywhere in Central Pennsylvania.
I don't need the details of your conception.
I guess the reason I prefer Muay Thai so much is due to the strength you develop in your clinch you gain a good base and so are unlikely to fall to the ground. I dunno, could be a culture thing either. Where I'm from in a street fight - even a drunken one - in most cases if someone fell the other person would wait for them to get back up. Obviously this doesn't apply to every case but for me at least I rarely if ever fall during a fight so I view Muay Thai as the more practical and efficient martial art. Sorry for the essay lol
Where you then become a prime target for shit cunts to join in by kicking and bottling you. Never stay on the ground.
As an itf guy too.. I only speak the truth
Thanks for the education.  ITF is foreign to me I guess.
Fuck, I know the reference as well but I just can't quite make the connection yet. Don't tell me, I want to see how long this takes me to remember. 
Damn you always getting me with that shit 
Yeah my comment was more towards how obviously untrained they were. Although at my dojo we didn't go above three for safety.
You're the guy I avoid at parties, or redirect to the red haired guy who also does karate, and has a 4x4 in his back yard that he strikes when he has a bad day at work.  
I've heard good things about Muay Thai for sure, just didn't want to bring that particular one up due to its reputation where I'm from. Apparently the guy I was with went to one of the good hapkido schools then with a relatively fresh from Korea teacher. Very high focus on active sparring. He always spoke well of it.But I think one of the biggest issues is purely availability for a lot of these things. Boxing might be a decent compromise for availability vs quality.
UFC 1 had lots of strikers confident in their bases and defensive moves that ended up taken down very quickly.  You'll see lots of great MT fighters get taken down the the octogan as well.It's a great,  realistic style that does works well on the street though,  and it can be learned quicker than BJJ which is a bonus I guess.
of course not, and thats how jiu jitsu is good for it. most of the time as soon as youre down, if youre on top, a quick ground and pound and up on your feet. if youre on bottom, a quick sweep or reversal and youre up on your feet again. or if its an actual 1 on 1 where everyones just recording with phones and shit, you choke him out.
Me too, I just had to go with the stuff I saw in the movie. Although I did google what the official name was.
There's a dinner you may be invited to...I'm just kidding! I didn't want to give the answer away but rather help keep your memory active by providing you with a clue. Hope you're having a good day!
confirmed.
What was the safety justification for not going above 3?  
I'm really not. People that work in martial arts usually hate talking about it outside of work.  I only stumbled into this discussion and had insight to offer.I never broke boards for the sake of a temper.  It's purely a technical challenge and I promise I'm fun at parties.   
Yeah I had a black belt TKD friend who didn't think that much of hapkido after trying it for a while, until he tried training in a place which had a new Korean instructor. He was pretty impressed. I think it just comes down to what you can find that's good and realistic in your area. 
I'm trying so hard not to just Google it and find the answer. I hope your day is going just as well my friend. I might have to have people give me some clues. Your first sentence is obviously a clue, but it didn't jog my memory just yet. 
Just so no one broke their hands/feet and no partners for hurt. Not that people didn't do it, just not in the dojo.
Outside of work? Like, as a job? You are a professional karate instructor? 
[removed]
It's not racist if you are the superior race
/r/bertstrips 
Slaves and plantation was the last thing I would have thought about seeing this photo. 
This bird scares the shit out of me.
Still laugh everytime someone posts this, the look on his face is so utterly disturbing. Its great!
Fuck, that made me wet. Now I need to go masturbate.
How did Big Bird fit a plantation onto Sesame Street? Better yet, how did he afford it? And even better still, where and how did he find slaves? I'm really questioning the morality behind the residents of Sesame Street.
R E P O S T
This is all you who were against Slyvester eating Tweety fault.
Made me laugh!
Yes massa, we will remember the letter of the day much better massa.
First thing to make me laugh today. 
Thought it said Big Bird is a duck, expected different meme. Good one though.
This is a repost from the top of r/bertstrips
The count laughed and counts his impailed folks each dawn   
Don't you hate title typos? He accidentally deleted (x-post from /r/bertstrips)
They kept me on that damn set so long.......WHO'S LAUGHING NOW BITCHES?
I first witnessed Big Bird over 45 years ago, and I always thought he had issues. 
another commoner gleefully assuming that anyone and commuting the horse and buggy absolutely must be a slaveowner.
I am surprised that something like this is so approved on Reddit for all places. I was expecting the exact opposite.
What a cock.
Always loved Sesame Street, but big bird never really did it for me. Was always a little frightened by his size. 
I laughed harder than I should have and now I am ashamed at myself. 
Is there a sub for these dark Sesame Streets memes? I've seen more with other charactersNVM, found it in the comments
Laughed harder than I should have :)
r/birdsbeingdicks
Read title as 'Big Dick'. 
Big bird is also possessed. Proof: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DlZnbdY06CM
#BHM
Big Bird Unchained
Big Bird? More like Big symbol of systemic oppression of minorities in america Amirite?
[Somewhere, the count is laughing](http://imgur.com/4hGJD0q)
You mean...Big Bird is a cock?
Can someone explain to me why these sesame street Memes are funny? I've been seeing a lot of them lately everywhere and I Just don't get the humor.  
r/dankmemes is leaking
And Reddit is yet another step closer to becoming 4chan.
r/creepy
What's your name boi?!El.....mo
Capitalism in animals
Beat post today
Why is this not in black and white? 
This is wrong in so many ways lol.
His name's Richard?
r/bertstrips r/teleshits
/r/bertstrips
I've seen a yellow creepy as hell animatronic bird with its jaw wide open staring into your soul with its huge eyes before but I don't know where...
this is dark af
Sesame hood https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=mtr8ei8cUTg
How did Big Bird is a goldmine.
Plus he is whipping that defenseless horse.  Fuck that yellow cunt.  I hope snuffleupagus mauls that yellow cracker to death.
https://youtu.be/mtr8ei8cUTg   Extremely relevant.
We need to get down the population of these racist misogynistic yellow birds to 10% 
I read that incorrectly and thought it said something about Big Bird's dick. I was expecting a picture of some oiled-up, cut guy only wearing a Big Bird mask.Now I'm disappointed. Anyone else?
Lol racist humor is usually very shitty and only funny for edgy teenagers on r/imgoingtohellforthis r/cringeanarchy and r/4chan but i find this is hilariousWhy?Is it because it's absurd?
Who are the people in your neighborhood, all makes sense now.
> this confirms it
Oh sht it's hourly...
/r/enlightenedbirdmen
No, that's very racist. Dumb bidiot.
This is the top post there
Welcome to r/bertstrips
For the Sesame Street Live performances they have to put his costume on a wire backstage and lift it off of the actor. They leave the costume that way and it looks like Big Bird hanged himself from the rafters in the dark. It's one of the creepiest things I've ever seen. 
I am surprised the horse even let him get on the carriage. Would have thought that bird costume would have spooked it too much.
Masterracebating
Reposting anything from r/bertstrips to r/ funny is a karma goldmine.
Who cares? I've never seen it. 
He's actually a Franken-canary. https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/originals/c3/41/41/c3414137c3d611e36d924cf1d6825134.jpgActually, Muppet Wiki confirms he's a canary. http://muppet.wikia.com/wiki/Big_Bird
Worst part is when he yells out, Brought to you by the letters F - U!
So were his slaves.
Not In my fucking neighborhood
You just copied this from the top post in r/bertstrips and didn't even give credit
LMFAOOO
Well he forces oscar to live in the trash...
Today is brought to you by the letter N. 
Right over your head, I guess we know who isn't the superior race.
*woosh*
Could you explain in what way giant yellow birds are not superior?
Seems no one else got the reference...
Yeah, OP is a karma-stealing whore! Get him!
It surpassed the glory hole gif? Damn karma inflation 
thanks! I had no idea...
Holy shit its the top post ever on the sub.
Yeah, nobody wants to live with that.
Could be the reason he's running while big bird cackles in delight.
Hi kids, in honor of black history month, today's lesson is segregation!
I've been here for 3 years +. No. No I didn't. I wanted a bunch of people to laugh at the picture I laughed at once a week I've had saved on my phone for 6 months. It's Saturday don't be a dick.Edit: 1. No didn't even know that sub existed (great btw).2. No need to be a dick.    
It's it the sack race? Oh, wait, the foot race!? Which one has to do with jeans?
Right over your head bullshit.
It's whoosh, not woosh, damn drater.
Lol. Didnt know the sub existed yet it's in your comment history dated over a year ago? Damn son..... people will do anything for karma. 
What is your obsession with times? I don't see how any date you stated makes any difference, you still clearly reposted without giving credit.
Rea.........................really? 
Woosh
Look, it's Saturday afternoon, can't we all just get along?
Sreehc!
It's whoosh, not woosh, damn drater.
War rests for no day... Most of the time
It's woosh, not whoosh, damn drater.
Whoosh
It's whoosh, not woosh, damn retard.
exclamationexclamation: woosh1.used to imitate a rushing movement and sound.Not that hard to look up 
Me too thanks.
Lady Rainicorn!
I would like to put a hat on my noodle, but I feel like she would just bite me. This picture made my day. 
Such a perfect lil noodle. 
Fabulous
My Little Nope Rope
r/snakeswithhats
Welp, i guess i have a new phone wallpaper now.
I'm squeeing loudly in a coffee shop, thanks for that.
Unisnek
Is that a Princess Rainicorn noodle, or am I seeing things...
r/snek
Don't let your dreams be dreams.
This is so sweet. I love it. Best wishes to you +1
Scared of snakes but this one is pretty cute. You go unicorn snake 
Clown snakes! Batman's greatest fear. 
This is now my background for my phone when it's locked. Thank you, this is gonna bring me some joy anytime I check time.
It looks so worried. Like it's thinking: Ok Reggie you got this. You didn't come this far and burn so many bridges to not make this work.
Give that snake some Booty O's
This post is made 50% better on mobile. All I see is the little unicorn and then I click the image and get the punchline. Fantastic. 
What a cute dangernoodle!
A uni-snake?
[](/facehoof) Snakes, why'd it have to be snakes.[](/flutternice) Wonderful, happy adorable snakes. 
Ah, so that's why Voldemort killed the unicorn. He wanted a present for Nagini.
Giving danger noodles horns is one step closer to someone dying. 
Lol amazing! Too cute! Thank you! 
This is my new lock screen.  
Sweet lookin' Brony pet.
Nathan Scott Philips! 
Don't you fucking misappropriate me.
Sexy snek
Clown snakes!YOU put that in my head!
r/aww
Fabulous!
This is now my desktop wallpaper. Thank you OP
My sister had a kind for a long time so i know your feels man and trust me im on edge 2 yo been working a 15 hour shift almost up though
my preciousssss...
Aaaaand that's my new wallpaper. 
I've seen these before but they are advertised to go on dicks
*I desire rodents and sunshine.*
Cute snek!
I do hope the reptiles kill us off.
   !
r/nocontext 
That one in the picture is a Ball Python. Extremely chill around humans. They tend to not like their head touched, though.
Your snake shouldn't bite you your feeding it wrong  
/r/ofcoursethatsathing
No Step on Snek
Boop the snoot!
Are you sure you aren't afraid of anything else?
[](/fluttertavisleep)snek is super adorbs 
Ball pythons aren't dangerous...
What an adorable snake indeed. 
Yeah what worries me is the fact that the string holding the hat is shutting its mouth. It might not like that. But my king snake is sometimes defensive. 
lol okay. Chill. Snakes bite. Calm down. 
*you're As in you're a tool. 
Snakes tend not to open their mouths that often, and these have breathing holes where they can suck in air, much like nostrils. Except less gross and on your lips. As long as its not too tight I think this lil guy is just fine,  unless he has to yawn.
No they really don't when you keep a snake especially a ball python you have to take them out of the cage and put them in another enclosure when feeding. This way they learn to recognize the hand that feeds and then you can pick them up. My SO brother breeds them and has a 4 footer named graffiti and it litterly just coils up on my arm and chills out 
Even still it's one the back of its jaw, I doubt it'd have an issue.
I don't have a ball python. I have a king snake. She bites, but will recognize that I'm not food, and let go. She will be chill, and lay with me and what not. I put her in another enclosure when I feed her. Can you leave now. Please. 
Jesus a little hostile. QuestionWould you recommend a king snake and have you bread snakes before 
Apologies. I'm a little on edge tonight. I haven't bred snakes before, I know people that have though! I plan on getting a house soon; and I will have a reptile room and I would like to start breeding. King snakes are honestly so beautiful. But for a starter I would recommend a corn, hognose or ball python. Kings are good starters too! But everyone I know with them, gets bit sometimes. It doesn't hurt, but it does make you jump. Kings are very curious, and very cute. 
I've biscuit a snake or two in my day. What would you like to know? 
I admire the camera man's self discipline when he moved the camera to film the bus. 
Who would steal 30 bagged lunches?I'll tell ya who stole those lunches. It was that damn Sasquatch!
I AM LURR FROM THE PLANET OMICRON PERSEI 8
Good preparation on that guy's part.
Boys, we are officially dealing with...a fucking Samsquanch!
The statue of liberty isn't looking very good these days since she lost her job.
This gives me hope that this will be the year we finally get a real Sasquatch on film.
Human: wanna come over? Marijauna man: but theres a blizzard out Human: my parents arent home 
Ah yes, the stupid-ass X intersection, must have been designed by the same guy as the East Longmeadow rotary. Cool costume btw!
https://www.reddit.com/r/videos/comments/5t7t0a/pot_sasquatch_sighting_in_massachusetts/. https://www.reddit.com/r/news/comments/5t2zr6/man_dressed_as_pot_sasquatch_interrupts_news/  https://www.reddit.com/r/nottheonion/comments/5t5jo7/pot_sasquatch_interrupts_news_coverage_of/  https://www.reddit.com/r/gifs/comments/5tab0g/pot_sasquatch_sighting_in_massachusetts/  https://www.reddit.com/r/ContagiousLaughter/comments/5tabn1/pot_sasquatch_sighting_in_massachusetts_videos/  
That's what they get for filming right in front of Potco.
Gotta love the store sign for POTCO in the background
So this is what happens when a state legalized weed
S...s...s...swamp monster!!!!!
Knowing western Mass, should have been a heroin monster.
I have so many questions...
Was born and raised in Springfield. While strange people arent out of the question, the fact this didnt end in a shooting or stabing is suspect...
Pretty stupid that I watched this yesterday as a video and today as a gif.
Ahhhhh Springfield, MA......my old home
Winterfield, MA
At least it wasn't a drive by.
A perfect example of the government trying to hide Bigfoot's existence
Silly Cameraman The one time Bigfoot stumbles into plain sight, he turns to film a bus instead. 
So much worse without hearing the reporter try to hold back her laughter.
It has snowed for 15 consecutive minutes? Oh wow... 
Hashsquatch
The 20 seconds after this footage is even funnier. Too bad they cropped it outhttps://www.whio.com/news/sasquatch-sighting-during-reporter-live-shot/VrBy9W5nOC8K7hc4JRy5EP/
What is that thing
The Grassquatch
The real missed opportunity here is not adding a hat and briefcase to the costume. Just another day for Sales Representative Benedict Potsquatch.
What is this Groundhog Day?
I live in Springfield when I saw this I immediately called my weed guy to see if he picked up his phone. He didn't. Still a mystery. 
I live literally a mile down the road from this location. PotCo's mascot is always roaming around The X.... 
Source: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MfJQX0G8mz4
nice to finally see my home city get the recognition it deserves.
https://www.google.com/amp/amp.masslive.com/v1/articles/20123777/call_him_potsquatch_pot_sasqua.amp my mom sent me this when I asked if she heard about this 
It's a Samsquanch
Whoever did this.... Legendary.
Too balled they rolled a 7. 
Attack of the giant boogers.
The media doesn't want us to know of his exsistence
Ah, my hometown. Im not surprised.
in the 50s this would have cause mass panic 
Gotta watch out for that black ice. It's really a problem. 
DA FUCK 
This cameraman need to gethus priority straight.
The legends were true, The Hashsquatch is real!
This warms my heart a lot.If 2 or more people can get paid to talk about the latest snowfall, I surely can get paid masturbating all day long !
It's weedsquatch!
Quick, pan over to that bus!
PUTA? really, a bus called PuTA?  has in Pater Putatis? como os pasais, yankis.
He's clearly the costumed advertisement mascot for POTCO.
It was a stunt for a local pot dispensary.  Viral marketing. 
Turkey's done.
This reminds me of the twilight zone episode with the thing on the wing of the plane for some reason
PVTA = Puerto Rican's Voyage through America.Source: http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=PVTA
This was on the front page in video form yesterday...
My first reaction: cold. My second reaction: ummm...My their reation: Let's look something else!
Reminds me of Twilight Zone Nightmare at 20,000 feet the way he looked at the camera and slowly moved forward...
Big Foot!!!
camera man still shoting
I too saw r/videos yesterday.
Don't pan away! That's probably the most interesting thing they've shown all day.
Every comment is about samsquanch. So unique y'all r funny. 
Potco? Is that like Costco but for weed?
Ya talkinta me??
That is Potsquatch, the mascot for the Potco store you see in the background. Potco sells grow equipment and CBD and is planning on expanding into a retail marijuana store.
Potsquatch
Luke! Stay with me bud. I just need to get to the tauntaun. 
This was literally posted from youtube yesterday or the day before. OP atleast post the youtube link.
[Looks like one of those Jack Kirby pre-hero Marvel monsters.](https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/236x/8c/1c/2e/8c1c2e724367f9ef68e822868c794dc2.jpg)
That's about right. 
OH MAN-BUSH!!  YOU ARE NATURE'S GREATEST WONDER!!!
and uhhhm...
The original post from yesterday is literally still on the front page, what the fuck is wrong with you people upvoting this?
In case anyone was wondering, that's the X in Springfield and a new weed shop just opened up. (You can see it in the background) They probably sew the camera and wanted to get some quick publicity, which is why the camera panned away.
I live in MA and i can confirm his ghilie suit was covered with fake fake pot plants
>potco 
Hilary Clinton resurfaces. 
It's Sassy the Sasquatch[Sassy the Sasquatch](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gs30P0oQb7M) 
It's true tho, the weather is awful here
We're hiding from the satchmo! The trumpet player?
probably homer simpson
This is why I love people. It's also why I hate them. 
where in Springfield  is this? 
I wish we had POTCO here in Texas. I have to buy all my pot from shady people on the street.
I grew up in Chicopee. I went to school at Belcher.
For some reason this terrifies me. 
I dont get it?
Can this be a trend please?! I'm dying 
Gotta love that /r/funny freebooting.
Ah. Good old Maryland. You twats would be okay if you just learned to park.
Woo I live right outside springfield 
Us Massholes are truly unique people
Yeah, my buddy's a Puerto rican and told me that joke one time, I guess there are a lot of them riding the bus around here?
Wouldn't the samsquanch be better for ratings?  Seems like a blown opportunity.
I didn't even realize there was a bus until you pointed it out
Wasn't trying to focus filming the bus.   He was keeping the weird guy out of the shot.    Source: i watch alot of local news.  
He should have slow panned to the samsquanch and zoomed. 
Wrong..He was turning to run
Life has been hard for Sasquatch ever since people started tricking him with their beef jerky.
If peeing your pants makes you cool, consider me Miles Davis.
Samsquanch
That Veronica Vaughn is one piece of ace. I know from experience, if you know what I mean?
>SamsquanchFTFY
When no one was looking, the Sasquatch took **thirty** lunches. He took 30 lunches. That's as many as three tens. And that's terrible.
Samsquanch!
Wasn't me.  
 I can't stop laughing at this comment 
Can I sleep on your couch?
*RULER OF the planet Omicron Persei 8
This jerked chicken is GOOD! I'LL HAVE FRY'S LOWER HORN JERKED! 
'Fry its me bigface'
It's his job. There's a dispensary around there called Potco. That's potsquatch the mascot
I love Trailor Park Boys. Now I realize a Samsquanch is a sasquatch who grows its own supply in its fur.
He needs to keep his big greasy hands of Willy goat. Knock knock? Who's there? Fuck off! 
Implying we didn't just do that 
Funny how, ever since literally everyone got themselves a decent camera in their pocket as part of their smartphone, blurry shots of Big Foot, ghosts, UFOs and Loch Ness monster have all but disappeared......
God damn samsquich so a slippery bastard.
Those 2 intersections are the shittiest intersections in the country. Though East Lomgmeadows is a straight up cluster fuck
EL represent. Anyone who can't rotary is just bad at driving. 
My first time driving ever, my driving instructor had me go through that fucking rotary. I've never been as nervous in my whole life. 
It is such a clusterfuck during the EL fireworks.
It's almost as if popular content spreads like a virus!
Wait, so it isn't just a ghillie suit?
Best video of it [here](https://www.whio.com/news/sasquatch-sighting-during-reporter-live-shot/VrBy9W5nOC8K7hc4JRy5EP/iframe.html#amp=1). 
Kinda looks like it's made out of weed. 
Especially at the X
I look forward to tomorrow with the Imgur gallery of photos with subtitles.
Congrats on making it out. 
Its kinda sad three inches of snow isn't a news story
very much more funny !
The pot Sasquatch 
/r/hmmm
Username checks out
Ikr?
PVTA, pioneer valley transportation authority
PVTA. We also have a Peter Pan bus line.
I remember it being from the movie. Was it also an episode?
Pioneer Valley Transportation Authority. Regional public transportation system for Western Mass
Tauntaun*
Massachusetts* parking comment still applies. 
Acknowledging your SAMSQUANCH
If anything the camera man enhanced the realizim. Just regularly pans making it seem like oh yeah theres samsquanch again anyway...
Not live primetime. They released more video of him running and hiding behind a bush.
Ehhhh it was made of fake cannabis leaves. They don't really want to broadcast that 
[deleted]
Tis a hard life.
That is the grossest thing I've ever heard in my life. Let's go!
What is a horse shoe? What does a horse shoe do? Are there  horse socks? Is anybody listening to me?
Why you gotta rip off TFM bro
I'm sorry we beat you up, Julian, but me and Ricky really did think you were a Samsquanch!Bubs, why do you call 'em Samsquanchs?Well..that's what I've always called em. Ever since I was a little boy.Well they're not real, ok?Yeah, tell that to all the motherfuckers who've been eaten by 'em, Julian.
Benndymice Samsquat
No you don't 
Crash. Hee says crash. 
Lrlr.  None of the inhabitants of Omicron Persei 8 have vowels in their names.
It's used to it! Woo!
You taught yourself English? 
> potsquatchThat... is funny as hell. Heh.
> potsquatch Oh my [he is indeed a mascot](http://www.kvrr.com/2017/02/10/pot-squatch-photobombs-meteorologist-weathercast/) thanks for knowledge dropping, I was wondering if it was some random homeless weirdo.
How about we fuck on?
Obviously the clear, recognizable videos and photos are being confiscated by the M.I.B.
I think you mean a thunderdome to test your skills against other massholes.
It's (East Longmeadow's) literally in Ripley's as the most dangerous intersection or most streets converging or something.
Kelley square in Worcester would like a word with you.
When I got my learners permit, the first thing my dad did was make me drive through the rotary.Now eh, I'm pretty cool driver who doesnt afraid of anything
25k on the front page just yesterday and reposted in a way that leaves out her attempts to stifle laughter. This is subpar. 
No those are pot leaves. I live here. Theres a store right at that intersection called the Pot Shop that sells literally pots and other growing essentials.
YES - I read somewhere he was referred as the genetically modified Weed Monster
Yes. That's what its being called.
Lol. Yepp
Murder and stabbing...the X marks the spot. 
lol are you from around here too?
Kool!
Yep, I remember passing by on a visit to Amherst College
Yea the episode was called Nightmare at 20,000 Feet
I know I'm from Northampton, one of my fellow class mates created that urban dictionary post. 
Done. 
Damn thought it said MD. And of course the parking comment still applies. Them goddamn Marylander's don't know how to park for shit.
Benderdick Samsquanch
It's a legendary beast the squanches good samwiches!
Probably Sam being GREASY
No, it's a Saskatchewan. 
I thought the Sanksquatch lived on the moon?
Weed is legal in that state.
Not at all. It's a reference to Trailer Park Boys, and is probably spelled fine. 
Nothing a Samsquanch cant deal with
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k_y-V145mKw
Everybody on the bus? good GREAT GRAND WONDERFUL
O'Doyle rules! Don't drive in the snow!
No no you're right I didn't. But I know a guy who did, and believe me they GOT. IT. ON.  WOOO WEE
Me and her got..it..on!
Damn it, I was 50/50 
> potsquatchyeah super clever
This makes the post 10x funnier.
Wtf is up with the s&T s in that article...Ilthey all have a little loop connecting them...odd
It's designed to weed out the weak. 
Two cars enter...one car GODDAMNIT WHY ARE YOU STOPPING DOES NO ONE KNOW HOW TO DRIVE HERE JESUS TAPDANCING CHRIST
It is the most dangerous because there are 7 roads intersecting and traffic that is already in the rotary has to yield to traffic entering the rotary at some, but not all entry points. It's also a very small rotary, not much room for error. That said I've seen only a couple accidents there.
I drove through it once and wanted to kill everything.
Oh lol no, I read greenfield my bad
What does that mean, though? I lived in Eastern Mass so is that some sort of Western Mass inside joke? Haha
Neither do Massholes
Bumberstump Crumplesnatch
I squanch your comment.  Nice squanch!
Huh, didn't know it got legalized in MA.  Not sure how I missed that. 
Can i squantch over here?
NO YELLING ON THE BUS!
No they didn't 
You should have Googled it, brah. 
Cut in half, brutal
It definitely does. I thought it was maybe swampthing, lost while defending the Green.
This is the first time on Reddit I felt like people live near me, no one understands the pain of the East Longmeadow intersection lol
Going through the rotary when I first learned to drive stick was terrifying.
Once you go thru enough times it's pretty easy to get the hang of.  For people entering for the first time, it's a panic circle of death. 
honestly I'm surprised that this was springfield and not greenfield or northampton.
I'll take your word for it.
Bomberdompf Cripplepatch 
I squanch my family!
It was voted on last election day. I think something else big happened that day. I'm not really sure. The drinking blocked out a lot of that night.
That'll ruin your PRECIOUS little field trip pretty damn quick
No you're right they didn't. But you can imagine what it be like if they did right? Eh...eh?
To shreds you say?
I live near forest Park man. These intersections really are the worst
MA has so many shitty intersections. I still remember the first time that I tried driving through Kenmore Sq after moving to Boston. I seriously thought I was going to die.
Bumpheroff Grabhersnatch^^^oh ^^^wait...
Gross.
^little ^shit
NO YELLING ON THE BUS 
No you can't 
Good news everyone!!
And how's his wife holding up?
Ware, trying to get anywhere in town is a pain in the ass once I head up town.
Seriously! Or the intersection off of Six Flags, that one is a pain in the ass.
There's an interchange between 93 and 95 where you have people from one major 3-4 lane highway who want to get to the other, and people from the other trying to get to the first all cramming in and switching lanes with each other in what feels like less than 100 yards. It's easily the most asinine, dangerous intersection in at least the eastern half of the state. 
Engleburt Humperdink
YOU'RE NOT MY SUPERVISOR!!!
That name has always sounded made up to me.
Gravelstroff Gooyink
MY NAMES NOT CHERYL!
Houston?
Hope this is old, else that guy's expired Texas registration sticker will have him getting pulled over soon too.
I would love to know the thought process here.  Just out for a good time and laughs, or has a suspended DL but still needs to get places?
HOV Lane?
TX registration, Gallery Furniture billboard, HOV lane.  Houston FTW!
I still love the [video](https://youtu.be/Q8hMzhehGLw).
It's Von Miller!!
Because Texas.
http://abc13.com/news/man-accused-of-putting-child-in-danger-on-riding-lawnmower/1740274/
I suspected that might be Houston...
Houston?
Only in Houston. 
Pretty sure that is in Houston. Wouldn't surprise me
Sir, do you feel this lawnmower is safe for highway travel? Yes, I do. Yes, I really do. I believe that.Jeez, I miss John Candy. 
That's in Houston.. figures 
Sir, do you know why I pulled you over today?
Not the hero Houston needs, but the hero Houston deserves.
FYI these assholes taking the pictures were in the fast lane of a major highway in the middle of the day causing hella traffic. Source: was there.
H-TINE HOLD IT DINEHouston is very ghetto quirky country 
Only in Houston can you find shit like this
Wow, they're remaking The Straight Story with a black cast.
Oh the North Freeway.  I dont miss having to drive on you anymore.
Surprised no one has mentioned [Two Redditors, One Cup (sfw, I promise)](https://www.reddit.com/r/TwoRedditorsOneCup/)
Houston yes. They have horses in the Hood here too. 
Some people in society have nothing to contribute, only disruption.
I love that the older dude is just sitting cross legged like he's chillin on a bench or something. 
I did not know I couldn't do that officer
Does that dude have a freakishly huge foot or am I seeing an illusion?
Texas tags on the windshield. Surprise surprise.
Good ole Houston
Aw, I miss Houston. 
Before the image even loaded my first thought was Texas, registration sticker proves.  They also need to get that updated...
What a horrible father
The grass in the HOV lane is crazy
Busted!!!!
Only in Texas...pity my State, Redditors, cause no one else will
With all that traffic why is the HOV lane empty?
I guess teachin the youth how to stunt in the HOV is frowned upon?
Racist cops!
This is just retarded 
Inspection/registration sticker is out my friend 
Only in Texas.
Stay classy Houston....
And one redditor took all the karma.
Four fours I'm tippin'Wood grain I'm grippingCatch me lane switching with the paint dripping 
And op steals all the karma*
Ah Texas, Love this state. 
Love the plastic bag that dad has dangling from his foot. 
I'm scared that the kid is driving? The dad looks like he's smoking, but what? 
Their registration is expired
Is that Houston? Fuck, it's Houston.
Dont see how this is funny.
Somehow just reading the title I instinctively knew this would be in Houston.
That has to be Houston , Texas 
You see shit like this all the time in Houston. I lived there 3 years and saw all kinds of crazy shit on the highway.Notable things: Old lady walking butt naked down the side of the highway smoking a blunt. No fucks given.Pick up with an Alligator just chilling with its head over the side of the car.Active shootout about 50 yards ahead of me before one vehicle swerved off an exit.I was also robbed at gunpoint twice in 3 years but I also worked at a Gamestop on the south side. All in all, awesome city with an insane blending of cultures but would not do it again. 
1 Redditor needs to get his inspection sticker renewed
I drove in the HIV lane once.
I'm literally moving to Houston tomorrow and now I'm having second thoughts... 
What an embarrassment 
That man was on his way to party. 
didn't know Avon Barksdale had a son
Ain't no rule says a dog can't ride a lawnmower.
Brings back memoriesWhen I was about that age, my grandparents would babysit me.  There was a convenience store just down the road, so my grandfather would plop me in his lap on his lawn mower and let me 'drive' it to the store.  He'd get me a Little Debbie Cake.
I swear I passed this guy! Hahaha 
They see me rollin', on my tractor
Ya'll know that he used his kid a his D.D right
black ppl smh
Only in Texas!
The father even has two different shoes on!!!
Whats an HOV lane?
I've driven my mower in traffic, but not on the freeway.  It does pop wheelies, though
It's motherfuckers like this who make my 20 mile commute take over an hour every day in Houston 
Lol... They've been hanging out in redneck country for too long!
When I was young (3-4), my grandpa would take me from his house to the gas station on his lawnmower. It was in rural Wisconsin, so whatever, but it's a damn good memory of him.
[MAN ACCUSED OF TYING CHILD TO HIM WITH DOG LEASH WHILE RIDING ON LAWNMOWER](https://www.google.com/amp/abc13.com/amp/news/man-accused-of-putting-child-in-danger-on-riding-lawnmower/1740274/?client=safari)
So what's HOV? I live in a smaller city
I can imagine a mixtape cover art being the photo on the left. So much lean
Your car inspection is expired. 
Oh I'm sorry I thought this was America!
Saw HoV and thought Halls of Valor which is a frigging raid in World of Warcraft. I need to get out more.
Haha, Texas! 
Someone needs to get their vehicle inspected!
Cocaine's a hell of a drug. 
Dad looks chill as fuck
http://www.khou.com/mb/news/crime/father-riding-lawn-mower-on-i-45-charged-with-child-endangerment/401568875
Yeeeeeahhh boooyeee its Flovor Flave. 
Registrations out
Hov lane? How many cities does Jay-Z have an exclusive traffic lane in?
I hope the cops go easy on my new favorite Dad of 2017. Where some see obstacles, others see solutions.
And yet you never hear of an HOV busted for mowing lawns. Double standard much?
Change your sticker!
So was the kid driving??
Are they still alive ?
Unsure I am not a lawyer. It could be that it only applies to the sections it has those signs. Not all roads that have HOV 3+ in California state the vehicles with 2 seats are exempt on them. The law makes no specific mention to them only to motorcycles. Ring exempt. 
That's thorough 
Saw lawnmower, must be Texas. Registration sticker confirmed. As a Texan I shouldn't be able to do that, I'm ashamed.
r/nevertellmetheodds ?
I hope the cops went easy on them.  Obviously that was a once in a lifetime experiance.  Best dad ever 
Two reposts for the price of one!
The little kids face on the first picture reads Why the fuck am i even doing this? Do i really have to do this dad? 
That dudes state inspection is out.
Gallery furniture saves you money! 
thought it looked familiar too! here's a google maps link of the location: https://www.google.com/maps/@29.8535507,-95.3983903,3a,75y,335.43h,77.76t/data=!3m6!1e1!3m4!1s3Crzw8NeuNVpF9_-U1UaQg!2e0!7i13312!8i6656!6m1!1e1
Sittin' sidewayz
It is houston!
I'm not in the least bit surprised
Do we have a problem?
Jesus.  Came here to say exactly the same thing.  What is it about this that screams Houston? 
Exactly my first thought. My second thought was Definitely Houston. 
They've got a problem.
Has to be. 
Nope. Darius Rucker just wanted a chauffeur.
We put the Yee-Ha back in your motor and transmission. 
I was gonna guess Houston! :D
As a houstonian, of course it's Houston. 
Yep, actually saw it briefly and then saw it on r/Houston later. FYI if you've never been r/Houston is a fantastic subreddit to follow. Lot of crazy funny shit posted because all the redditors are stuck in traffic and have nothing better to do then catalog the reason why they're stuck in traffic that day. 
Yeehaw!I'm amazed they got in there without getting turned to paste by the fleet of SUV's doing 100 on either side.
Video states its from Superbowl 51 traffic jam, so the dude driving is definitely expired. Guy on the mower has killer shades, by the way.
This is Houston. Traffic violations you gotta really screw up to be pulled over. People drive with expired registration, no taillights at all, no headlights, speed (if you aren't doing 10mph over on the freeway you might get honked at for going too slow). To be fair though, police have a lot on their plates and it is a big city. The Houston metropolitan area is bigger than the state of New Hampshire with 4 times the population.
Happened this past week.  Source...I live in Houston and it's been all over my facebook.
First thing I noticed too. I really am turning out like my dad
Dude my sticker's been out since 06/14 and my registration has actually been out since 05/16. Been pulled over once. Got a warning from a state trooper who was really cool about it. I have an issue with my car that I haven't fixed yet. Haven't been able to pass inspection. 
Check the date. Love your state. 
Shit I need to get one. First car, my dad told me it would just come in the mail after my emissions test... Then I broke the windshield but I'm in OK so no window stickers on other cars. 
I think I can figure it out.Suspended license, so dad can't drive a car. Dad checks around finds that under Texas law, farm equipment is allowed to drive on roads without a plate or license. (Probably not on interstates though, but he didn't notice that.) So he thinks he can get around things by driving his mower down the road. And you know what, that is a common thing that people with suspended come up with when trying to get around their suspension.But then he finds out, probably a friend tells him and it's true, that they can and will still arrest a person driving farm equipment to get around a suspended license.So he thinks well the kid doesn't have a suspended license. And kids are allowed to operate farm machinery.So he has his angle.I think probably what he is doing would have been legal if he was on a country road, and he was actually a farmer. He'd be allowed to have the kid drive and him ride shotgun, even with a suspended.But I suspect you can't drive farm equipment on interstates if it obstructs traffic.As far as using the HOV lane, LOL. Well you might as just go all in.
Here in KY you don't need a license to drive those little 50cc mopeds that only do 35 mph. [Swarm and destroy!](http://www.mopedarmy.com/)
My guess is he knew he was too drunk to drive, so he had his son drive him around on the mower.
Looks like he's plastered as well, hence the kid steering.
lane reserved for use by 2 or more people to encourage ride share and attempt to reduce traffic by having fewer cars on the road. 
High Occupancy VehicleOften with exceptions for motorcycles, given their average fuel economy.
HOV means high occupancy vehicles, reserved for cars carrying two (or sometimes even 3) people. Believe it is to encourage carpooling, although in my experiences it's only marginally faster than normal traffic.
Yeah it's a fancy name for the carpool lane 
Jay-z lane 
Jayz's lane in the rap game 
Houston's Overgrown Vegetation Lane
H to the O-V  I used to move snowflakes by the O-Z  I guess even back then you can call me  CEO of the R-O-C  HOV! 
High occupancy vehicle
Used to be called carpool lane where I'm from. Now it says hov whatever that means. 
High occupancy vehicle
Since it's Houston, they should call it FOV. 
Probably outside Acres Homes
Isn't Houston like the fourth largest city in America? It's hilarious that Houstonians (?) are so excited to see their city on the front page.
[what they were quoting](https://youtu.be/qVlk4o7GSaI)
Texas is the best
I think I craped my pants, man. 
Where's /u/von_bot when you need him?
Houston.
99 percent of these fucking comments are just people commenting on the fact that this is in Houston. 
Because I'm black, and I'm young and my hat's too low? Do I look like a mind reader, sir?
Hey man, it was for *karma*! This is important!
Can confirm. One of my friends' dad was in a very prolific Houston gangster rap group in the 90's and the guy has always been pretty country.Edit: edited to protect the guys personal details.
Moved back to Dallas 6 months ago, do not miss this.
Acres Homes
It's OK, we won't judge you for sitting here in your fuzzy slippers posting on Reddit. You are trying to contribute. 
I believe that's his grocery bag hanging off. Dude's a pro. 
I too thought he had one gigantic foot. The long-distant cousin of the Hitchhiker from Mighty Boosh.
Texas is awesome
I just pity you man. Houston has it going on. 
Pffft, fuucck thaat... not even *WE* pitty ourselves... don't think anyone else can pity us.
HOV lanes are only open during certain times iirc, been a while since I loved there. 
Because all the traffic is stuck behind the lawnmower guy, out of the frame of the photo?
I kinda love it. I picture it as hey, kiddo, time for a smoke break. Wanna drive?
Glad I'm not the only one, I guess?
[Dog on a lawnmower](https://i.imgur.com/B6LGX3u.gifv)
I used to live in Alaska and I would always ride my dirtbike or 4-wheeler to convenience store outside my neighborhood to get a snack and rent a movie or game. I miss being able to do that so much.
Idiot racist pieces of shit smh
High occupancy vehicle. It is a lane that is free for vehicles with 2+ people in it that usually has less traffic. You can also pay a toll to ride some of the HOV lanes if you have less than 2 people.
HOV lane = High Occupancy Vehicle lane. In most places that means a car with more than one person in it, even a baby. It's supposed to promote car pooling. Didn't know that that 2 = high, huh ? 
Carpool lane.
290 HOV, god damnit Houston
matress mac...dudes shady AF. 
Today!!!!!
TADAY!!
I wish I had a GF near me.
You mean gowery furchur.
GF delivered a couch and 3 tables to my house in West Virginia with free shipping using their own guys. I can't even get free delivery an hour away from me. Awesome quality and the delivery guys were super friendly.
29 miles from my house.
Oh god. Of course it's I-45... 
Boys in a daze
281 330 8 zero zero 4
Same. I haven't been there in like 8 years but as soon as I saw it I figured that'd be the place this would happen. 
The traffic, the urban clothes + cowboy hat, the pickup trucks, and Gallery Furniture, in that order.
The expired sticker?
Inspection sticker was my first tip.Shit, Texas again
always go at least 1 month over. cops will generally let it slide if you say you forgot, and you get a free sticker every decade or so.
They caught onto this in Virginia.  You just get the year stickers now, and if they do give you the month they give you the same month you had before.
Especially that 3rd ward/U of H area of 45...it's horrible.I remember once going to almeda mall, and coming back to our suburban found a couple of cop cars surrounding it. We saw there was a mini-van sliding door (literally just a door) wedged in the side. Apparently shoplifters were hauling ass and the door caught our side panel and broke the door off while they scooted away....I don't miss H-town one bit...
So true, I lived there a year. The only place that is close to the hell that is houston's freeway is salt lake city. Nothing will get you pulled over there. I rarely saw cops on the highway.
Dallas dude here.  Damn, Houston must be the place to be if you like modding your cars.  Do cops in Houston ever crack down on those swangaz with 84s poking out?  Those wheels seem lethal 
Are you Sherlock Holmes?
He doesn't have an orange triangle. That's the primary problem. I've driven combines on I5 in Oregon. I'd like to think maybe he's getting fucked with because he's probably poor and black too but I've been fucked with by cops and I'm white and was driving a rig worth close to half a million bucks, with the triangle. The cop just wasted about an hour of my time because she was an idiot who didn't know.
I mean the HOV lane is for vehicles with at least 2 occupants (usually), so he does have that right. 
In case any other geniuses out there think lawnmower guy is clever, the Texas Penal Code defines a motor-vehicle as: a device in, on, or by which a person or property is or may be transported or drawn on a highway, except a device used exclusively on rails or tracks.  So the riding lawnmower meets the definition of a motor vehicle.This definition is important because:Driving While Intoxicated with Child Passenger - A person commits an offense if:1) the person is intoxicated while operating a motor vehicle in a public place; and2) the vehicle being operated by the person is occupied by a passenger who is younger than 15 years of age.This is a State Jail ***Felony.***And before you ask if the kid is actually the driver...if daddy is doing so much as operating the pedals, or even triggering the safety switch in the seat - he's by law operating that motor vehicle.
well done sir, well done. 
> Suspended license, so dad can't drive a car.You can just stop there. This is not a man that checks into the law.
Liquorcycles!
I used to work with an alcoholic named Gavin who had no license and had to ride one of those things.Used to call him Scooter McGavin after the guy from Happy Gilmore. Still makes me chuckle.
Texas you have to do a written test for a moped license/endorsement, but that's it.
False. This is a very common misconception.https://www.lexingtonky.gov/mopeds-go-carts-and-scootershttp://www.moped2.org/laws/Kentucky.htmhttp://www.dmv.org/ky-kentucky/other-types.php 
I don't think you need one here in WA for them either but you definitely can't drive them on a highway. 
In NC you dont need a license to drive a lawnmower/tractor on backroads. As long as its got the reflective triangle on the back you are good to go
Same in VA. I had a buddy that had one because of DUIs. He got caught doing 42 in a 45 zone on one and got in big shit.
In California you're not allowed on the freeway unless you're driving something with at least 150cc.
I know someone that got a dui on a golf cart while their license was suspended for a dui.
Yes
Alchy-scooter in NC
In Georgia you just need a regular driver's license. They are a major mode of transportation in my college town. 
NC is somewhat infested with them. Didn't need insurance or registration until this past year when they passed a new law requiring it. It has helped. Still don't need a license though.
In Georgetown. Hate those things. Plan on getting to work 10 minutes earlier during the summer. 
Used to be the case, 10 years ago or so they started requiring license and insurance on them...  You don't have to wear a helmet if you have medical insurance either.
I have some friends who mod them and they keep pace going 65 or so
There are 49.9cc bikes out there that have 6 gears and a max speed of 55mph.
Well that explains why I see them everywhere when we visit my girlfriend's family. 
This seems common in some other states, too- driving mopeds because you lost your license but need to get around. I moved from a state in the West to one of these other  states with my Vespa. People through i had lost my license and had no other choice but to drive a scooter. Not a great way to make a good impression. 
That film was exactly what I thought it would look like.
I used to live in KY and had one of those 50 cc scooters but feel like i could get it up to about 38 if i was going downhill. Now i live in Houston
Where I live if it has a motor and you have a suspended license, you go to jail for driving on a suspended license. And if you're drunk, even on a lawnmower, boom, DUI, and again, goin' to jail. 
Not only that but assumed this would be totally cool in case he got pulled over.  He'd just explain that he wasn't driving, therefore it was all OK.Texas CPS sucks a bag of dicks and I've done enough ride-a-longs with cops who would much rather just call this kid's aunt and have her pick him up than go the official route and charge him with child endangerment.
Well clearly they are in the right, it's an obvious ride share. Now it's racial profiling.
i thought it was the jay-z lane
Colorado passed a law that HOV is now 3+...so if you drive anything that's 2 seats, you're fucked.
In SanFranscisco you need 3 or more in some HOV lanes. Thought that was interesting when I saw it. 
DC also requires that you have a special ez pass tag to use it. Not sure if other areas do. 
Upvoted for username, love OotS
In Tennessee it's only certain times of day too
And motorcycle riders o'course. 
And every freaking time I'm in Houston (where this was taken) it's closed! They have barriers and too much traffic.
Huh. That's a good idea.
technically in percentage, it is high occupancy.  4 door sedan seats 4, but only 2 in the car is a 50% occupancy.  Motorcycle, sits 1 or 2, meaning at minimum 50% occupancy (if not 100).  If it was about fuel economy, electric vehicles could use them as well with only the driver. But then again if you can afford a tesla, you can probably afford any ticket you got.
It's not about what you can fit in the car, it's about the traffic congestion. http://www.consumerenergycenter.org/transportation/urban_options/hov.htmlA motorcycle doesn't take up as much space as a car. It's evolved into an emissions thing though.
It depends on the time of day. The 59 HOV during rush hour generally is at least 10 minutes faster than the main lanes, and a ton less stress. Sure it still gets stop and go at points, but you don't have assholes cutting in and out constantly. 
This is why I have three blow up doll passengers in my car at all times.  
You must be from California.
They are quite busy these days plus the bus system uses them now. The problem is when there is an accident - since it is one separated lane it screws everyone up.
I think your comment would have been received better if you included the previous line They call me Hov.
Or more relevant, H-O-V, I got my own lane already
Probably High Occupancy Vehicle.
You'd be surprised how little Houston gets mentioned. Enough so, it's given us hopeless Houstonian faithful and a complex to over react with any mention of the city. 
Wouldn't say excited.  It's just that it's not Florida this time. 
https://youtu.be/DV62ECvZYp8My favorite of Steve
Lmao I think I crapped my pants!
Hahahahaha he must do that allll the time
don't forget this one https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RNPxIibhcKY
You creped your pants? I like mine with nutella. 
MORE LIKE VON THRILLERI did my best.
Do we have a problem?
Hey did you know this is in Houston
Hey I think this might be in Houston 
Definitely Houston
No, because you're driving a GOTDANG lawnmower in the HOV
Well you was doing fifty-five in the fifty-four
Who is your friend's dad, and which group was he in?
44 stand up 
> since I loved thereso... all your exes live in Texas?
Or Hey, LeRoy, I'm f'd up, you take the wheel.
I lived out in rural Texas until recently and we would always drive the side-by-side ATV to the honky tonk about a mile from the property. I hate being back in the city; I can't wait to be back in the middle of nowhere.
Yeah racism is the reason the american black community is a disgrace to mankind 
Dude gave a speech at my middle school and he was an hour late.
I'm calling bs.  Dude is pretty nice.  You can catch him sweeping floors and shit at his stores.  I will admit his prices are sometimes high, but he also sticks to his word when he makes an open bet to everyone.  The year Seattle beat Denver in the superbowl, my friend got his house fully furnished with alligator skin furniture (8 or $9k value) for free for calling Seattle to win.
He's a Houston legend and hero. You shut your mouth!
I've heard some pretty great stuff about him through the years.  I really don't know if he is shady or not.  I do know once a Houston school had a fund raiser, and someone broke in stealing the money they had raised (something like 10k).  It was on the news, and just crappy for the school, and he stepped in a repaid what they lost.  Good PR and of course he gets something out of it, but it was still a nice thing to do.
He used to buy coke from my friend's uncle. 
How so?
his brother Big Mac is cooler than the other side of the pillow.  He's legit awesome.
I've been to that dudes vacation home on lake Travis. Yuuuge. The separate guest house has 10 bedrooms. Since it's a vacation home, the only people usually there are the housekeeper, and the maintenance guy. Sweet gig. 
How to spot a newstonian
We all do 
Lmao
And 33 from mine. WOO! TEXAS!
So, with Houston city planning that's 29 road miles and about 2 actual miles if traveled in a straight line?
Only 928 miles from mine.. Hey neighbor!
Pall Wall baby 
Hit mike jones up on the low
You forgot the Texas registration sticker in the windshield...that expired last month. 
Risk vs reward does not add up here at all.
My brother tried this and he didn't even get a free month. His new sticker was still the same month as the old one.
If it expires in December and you wait until February to renew it, the new one says December still. I used to do that but it seems they fixed that loophole
That doesn't work anymore since it's tied to the registration sticker now.  
I've never seen anybody pulled over for them. And yeah, Houston is pretty big for modding (and underground racing too). When I first moved down here the 84s freaked me out. I was like wtf? Are people driving chariots down here trying to take out rivals tires?
Or a fan of country music, think it was George Jones who drove a tractor to the liquor store when his wife hid the keys.
For once I'm 100% sure being poor or black has anything to do with this case. 
I dug a little deeper and found nothing else. I rest my case. 
I don't see how the dad is intoxicated. Maybe there is more to the story that I missed but your assumption is that the father is drunk without any evidence. Or maybe there was more to the story that I missed.
The issue here seems to be that key phrase on the highway. If by highway they mean any 2 lane road, then a horse is technically a motor vehicle, and I don't think that's right. If by highway they mean a major freeway, then technically the lawn mower is not a motor vehicle because clearly it cannot be on it, otherwise the cops wouldn't have stopped it. Either way, I dont see this to be a completely defenseless case.
Dewey scooters! 
DUIcycle 
Here in Denmark they're known as booze rockets.
In PA you can't drive any motorized vehicle on a public roadway no matter the engine size with a suspended license.
You eat pieces of shit for breakfast? 
I think I might used to work with that guy too now
My old job made anyone who might ever have to drive a company vehicle take a driving class, and the instructor called those little mopeds liquorcycles.
Arizona you need a motorcycle endorsment. written and drive test. all of it. even if its only 49cc
I read that in Dwight's voice. 
True. You do not need a licence, only a learners permit.Read your own sources.
Hey, the child is the one driving - if anything, he should be charged with dad endangerment
Are you saying he should he charged with child endangerment lol
Except for that whole restriction where lawnmowers aren't cleared for highway travel to begin with.
I'd like to offer you a job as a defense attorney for Mr. Simpson
And there are fewer cars on the road.  
No, that's the BIG pimpin lane
H to the izzo, V to the izz-a
You crazy for this one. 
California has 3+ HOV lanes as well. However they do make an exception for vehicles with 2 seats to be allowed if both are occupied. This exception is not specifically stated in the law or code. However it is stated often on the poster signs along the HOV lane. Also motorcycles are specifically exempt and can travel in the HOV lanes with just 1 person. 
What if your pregnant wife is sitting shotgun?
Yeah, some of the HOV's up here require 6 passengers. Should just make it max capacity since most 5 seaters are more efficient vehicles anyhow
This is only somewhat relevant since it's a lawnmower, but I think most places also allow motorcycles regardless of number of riders to use the HOV lane as well.
This is Colorado now too.
yea its a relatively new concept, I've traveled a lot of highways between Nj and Georgia and only seen it in DCedit: for those wondering, many times you can either pay to use the hov road, or flip the switch on your ez pass into HOV and the sensors won't bill you 
That's the HOT (high occupancy TOLL) lane. HOV lanes don't require ez-pass because they don't charge.
/r/oots
u/alien has everything correct, but I will add CA does this as well..... 5am-9am and 3pm-7pm
I think that's the case in az. Not 100% sure but I seem to see alot of single driver electric cars in the hov whenever I'm in the valley.
In Denver, electric cars and hybrids get to ride HOV for free.  And then you can just pay a fee and drive in the HOV lanes if you are by yourself, but the fee goes up per axle.  Not sure if its to keep trucks out or because they think they'll make a killing because trucks will use it all the time.I've also heard smart cars can ride for free which makes sense to me but I cannot confirm that anywhere.
In CA electric vehicles can use HOV lanes.
Electric smart car starting around 20k
So I get to use it alone in my 2 seater cars? That'd be cool
Hybrids used to be able to use HOV in northern VA. Not sure if this is still the case. 
That's the case in Montreal, we have HOV lanes that you can also use if you have an EV ( made obvious by a green license plate) or a taxi.
Until there is an accident then it is 2 hours slower as they have to come from the other end of the HOV to get the car out of there.
Yep, that's the only reason. 
My brother tried that in Houston, he got a ticket
Love that guy. Was bummed to hear it was all staged. Still watch his live facebook videos from time to time. He's a kick in the fuckin pants. 
Maybe I'll come down, maybe I won't 
Oh not Steve again! *sigh*
HOV?
>No, because you're driving a GOTDANG lawnmower in the H to the OV
If we're being specific, not all of them
Like.. he's George Strait?
Because white people never do things like this/r/FloridaMan
Dude, he gave a speech at my middle school!
Why the fuck is a guy named Mattress Mac allowed in a middle school?  
His wife and her twin brother are buttholes. a long long time ago i worked for them. They are a shady group. 
He came to my middle school (Hoffman). He told some some story about drugs being a monkey on his back. I remember he looked like he was about to fall asleep. I guess he was up all night delivering furniture.
So your friend, did he win or lose that bet?
This year, he had a bet about the winner of the presidential election. You buy a mattress worth $2000 (or more) and bet on either the Dems or the GOP to win. If you win, you get a check for $2000. I needed a mattress, so I bet on the Democrats after seeing the shitshow that was the republican primary... made election night a bit more painful for me than it already was.
He loves to gamble. Often loses big on those promos
I work for a chain of 30 stores and our CEO/owner has stopped in and rang up customers. It doesn't mean he's a good guy. I'd love ringing people up if the lion's share actually went to me.
OK, Mac. 
I drive a Chevrolet movie theatre 
Is alligator skin furniture comfortable?  I googled pictures, looks ugly as heck.  
Real alligator would cost WAY more that 9K.  Must likely it is alligator imbossed on leather
Your friend's uncle is George W Bush?
but we'd have to get off reddit 
And 749 from El Paso. WOO! TEXAS!
11 From MeWooo boys
1,557 miles from my house. Nice.
And 5 hours of traffic!
> Only 928 miles from mine.. Hey neighbor!So you could potentially still be in Texas?
What it do
swisha-hous3
You mean last year
it's a joke. the last part should have clued you in.
The risk is you get a throw away ticket and you get your inspection go. **unless** you get pulled over and a cop checks or they're doing inspection stops you can honestly go about a year based upon sticker color (pending state, in NY it's a colored sticker with a hole punch and very small date). I've gone a year over inspection multiple times. Not necessarily on purpose, I just work so damn much that sometimes I find it hard to get to a station. 
Yeah California does that too. And bills you $100 extra for being late. They don't charge the penalty if you de-register the vehicle. And theoretically you *could* re-register but you need to go to the DMV and waste 2 hours.
That used to work with inspections in TX.  But now that it's all tied to registration, you're on the hook for both every 12 months.
You mean nothing? That's what I said. Race and money had nothing to do with it. It's the lack of triangle and likely cop ignorance. I said I wish it was racism/classism... because I think it's better than idiocy all around.
You're right, I did make an assumption that he was intoxicated.  Based upon my training and experience, taking your child out for a spin on a riding lawnmower in the HOV lane of a freeway is not something most people do.Could be a mental issue, but usually if you see someone doing something exceptionally stupid and/or dangerous there's some sort of drug involved.
I don't see many Delaware references on here. 
The place that I've had my best/worst drinking experiences. 
I hope he does me
Hipsters have given life time suspended license guys a way to hide the fact they're 35 and riding a bike everywhere. 
Yes.  Many states are lie that; you need a valid license or permit.
Not saying you are wrong, but...49cc motorized bicycles are big in my AZ city because it is commonly believed they are not regulated. And from what I see every day, they are not.Edit:Any class of driver license can be used to operate a moped. A moped must be registered, but a vehicle title is not issued. Emissions testing is not required. Vehicle liability insurance is required.
Yeah, if only the engine was 10cc's larger
And, you know, the lack of seat belts.
And, what I assume, an unlicensed driver.
Only in certain areas is it 3 or more. Most carpool lanes in Cali require two people to enter the carpool lane.
They make you go buy a pass if you have a given 2 seat vehicle
>This exception is not specifically stated in the law or code. However it is stated often on the poster signs along the HOV lane. Wouldn't it being on a white road sign make it the law? 
They are called HOT (high occupancy / toll) lanes.  You can either ride for free with +3, or pay a toll which varies based on congestion.
They do in MN if your driving alone
It doesn't charge you if you have the correct transponder. It requires you have it, else it charges you. [this says HOV on, not HOT on] (https://www.ezpassva.com/images/flex-transponder.jpg)From the ez pass flex page:  >When you have three or more people in your vehicle, you can simply slide the switch to the right and the Flex transponder will display HOV ON. Do this before entering the roadway and you can ride the Express Lanes without having to pay any tolls. For those riding with fewer than three people in the vehicle, just slide the switch all the way to the left, covering the words HOV ON, and travel the Express Lanes at the posted toll rate
cool / good to know.  Im in austin so the roads that need HOV lanes dont have them.  Austin has aimed more toward the money side of things, they have tolled express lanes.  Parallel concept as HOV but instead of 2 people, its about being willing to pay a few dollars to circumvent traffic.
In Arizona you need the clean air license plate to drive in the HOV lane. It's the plate that is blue with clouds on it. You can only have a clean air plate if you have a hybrid or alternative fuel vehicle. 
There is a list of cars on the dmv website that allow you to get a cloud plate. I think they're the electric only cars
I think that's the way it was when I lived there. Motorcycles and EV were allowed to use the hover lane unrestricted.
Ive had a few replies, CA, AZ, and CO all allow electrics in their HOV lanes for free.  CO is interesting as a single driver can use, but then its tolled like an express lane with a per axle charge.
Not all (unless they changed it recently). You need a sticker, and they're in limited supply.Last I looked amused Prius with a sticker was worth $3-4K more than one without.
Same in NY. They need to qualify for the clean pass program and get a sticker. 
Used leafs under 10k
no clue.  You'd think so.  Someone from AZ said that electric cars do get to use them.
First thing I thought of after seeing both videos is that they seem very staged. Why does it take a firefighter to lower a scissor lift and wouldn't it have taken them a ton of time to get there?Great videos, though.
That shit was so obviously staged
Also gave a talk to mine! (seriously) 
Was he late?
Hehe, same here, can't remember if it was Mayde Creek or the other one I went to for a year.
Because he's a very successful businessman and self-made millionaire. 
Local celebrity type thing. Idk. He's a tool
Something tells me he does blow.
Lmao, he told us he won the lottery twice. First time was being born in america, second time was having a great family. Grade A stuff.
He won.
Ouch.  Hey new mattress tho amirite??
You should of bought two. One is free.
Good publicity though. Everybody talks about it around here whenever he does it. And look at us, on reddit talking about a houston store owners sales campaign.
Not sure if this guy does it, but often those free furniture if X wins are insured, which likely evens the loss or makes the store more money since the promo draws in customers and furniture has a decent markup to begin with. I read an interesting article in my local paper a few years ago after a store near me did a big one about the company that offers the weird insurance policies.
Underrated comment of the day.
Even if it's like sitting on a cloud, still not worth it.
1606 from me. WOO! CANAD-no? Nobody else? Okay.
4 miles from me. 
You should visit. We have tacos and superbowls and dudes on lawnmowers in the HOV. It's fucking rad.
364 miles from mine
Houston is the only city I know of where there will be a McDonald's built on a highway median, and in that McDonalds' ballpit is a strip club who is leasing out the space because there is no zoning law.
You say that, but I bet there there are some people from /r/Frugal that just took notes.
Do you have to pay for inspections?Here in Michigan, I just pay for the license tabs and insurance and I'm good to drive my car away in whatever condition it's in. Obviously things like not having a muffler or missing lights are still illegal, but there is no state inspection.
When I need to make a money vs time decision, I find it helps to consider my time worth whatever would be a reasonable wage for doing the thing, with the minimum wage as the lower bound.If you can choose to pay $100 for not doing something, or pay $10/hour * 2 hours = $20 for doing it, it's a better deal to just sit at the DMV.
To be fair there isn't many of us to reference delaware things
That's definitely not a Delaware reference. 
I looked into it. my wife had to get a liscense. we first thought 49cc scooters do NOT require a liscense. I then found out that 49cc scooters do. BUT 49cc assisted bicycles do not. so if it has pedals, you're fine without.
Pimp My Lawnmower?
They're Not In Looove,It's just a shaaring lane, They're goooing through
But then he'd have to get it insured and at that point might as well just buy a car you cant afford.
Buses don't have seatbelts.Checkmate.
This is true and at least in the Bay Area where we have some the signs posted state 2 person vehicles are exempt. 
No, it being in an electronic database of state codes and regulations would make it a law.
Seems like highway robbery to me
This is so weird to me. I get HOV lanes and wanting less traffic, that is a good thing. But also allowing people to use them by paying? That's kind of messed up, I thought taxes were supposed to go to these things. Social structures like roads and what not. What the hell.
Having clean air plates allows you to drive alone in the HOV lanes in AZ, it is not a requirement for all vehicles traveling in the HOV lanes however. 
They have rolled carpool lanes in California too 
> Last I looked amused Prius with a stickerWhat did the Priuses find so funny?? 
It's because Prius can't get the sticker anymore. 
Have fun with that 60 miles range though I like electrics, but I was looking into used leaves (leafs?), they lose capacity over time,  and their range isn't great to begin withIf you've got a short commute it could work though 
Same. Pretty sure he went to every middle school in the surrounding counties.
He came early
By about an hour. 
Mchs graduate here 
I graduated from Morton Ranch. Lol. I went to McDonald JH.
So what? We should make him President?
So the President?
Based on other comments it seems like he might not be the best influence on young kids minds despite his business success. Also, he seems to have a history of being late to these assemblies he speaks at, and I have a hard time believing that the reasons for that would be legitimate.  
He got help from his Brother George, also known as Jorge Loco de Texstar Motors. His brother gave him the cash .
That's what he did time for. 
I guess it's a matter of taste.
Whoosh.....
I won.
Please tell me it was white alligator....I refuse to accept any other answer then  yes it was  
Yeah, it's not a bad mattress. Good quality, kind of an off-brand tempurpedic Mack-o-pedic (yes, that's what it's actually called) but I'm pretty happy with it.
Have.
Buy two, one free, sell for 1300. 
And it's been a swell time. But now, won't someone tells us about Letting-His-Kid-Drive-Down-The-Highway-On-A-Lawn-Tractor-Guy?
He's publicly stated he never insures against losses in promotions. If he loses, he loses
Well sitting on a cloud would not be worth it either, as you would fall to your death.
You say that, but how else do you let your friends and family know that you're a serious kinda guy with a quirky side and a penchant for killing things for fun...?
1626 and i'm in SoCal
I'm sorry.
$60 lawn service for two visits? Or 30-45 minutes of mowing 2x a month?Glad im not the only one who thinks like this.I bet you like the 80-20 rule for productivity too.
Or... Just not be late, and save $100 or two hours.
We put grass in your ass so you can gas while you pass!
They wouldn't touch the engine.  They'd put a fish tank on the front.  Replace the blades with a light show.  And put tv's in the gas tank.
Yo Dawg, I heard you like mowing your lawn, and taking your kid for a spin, we got you.
...the only place I can think of being 3+ HOV is the golden gate bridge. where else is there one?
I meant how white signs are regulatory postings that _are_ the law.https://www.dmv.ca.gov/portal/wcm/connect/b0b65db6-00ce-4b53-ad68-16ecb5a2bc07/unit_4.pdf?MOD=AJPERESThe law being if it's a regulatory posting on a white sign, that sign must be abided by.
Yea I've seen it near $20 for a few miles, DC traffic is fun
It is only a little different than any highway that has tolls. Yes, we have other taxes that pay for roads, but tolls (taxes assessed during the use of a given road) are very common for certain highways/bridges/ferries that you have to pay to use. Both toll express lanes and toll highways in general are simply faster ways of getting to places that require you pay the tax for access. One of them only has a very similar neighbor-highways immediately in the lanes to the right, which were also very expensive to produce and maintain.
Of course. It's still open for high occupancy vehicles. 
Was he always late?
To talk about mattresses?
Community service for the cocaine charges.
He didn't come to mine. I feel so jipped. I remember being 21 and buying furniture from gallery furniture for my first real apartment after college and staring at him because I thought it was so cool he was actually working.I probably would have blown a gasket if he showed up at my middle school.
Found OP's mom
99' here, i hear it went to shit in the last 10 years? True? I don't keep in contact with many from HS.
I wish I could give you gold.
He said self-made
Yes, he would tell it like it is!
No he said self made
You mustve missed the self-made part
TIL
No alligators go *MAWP.*
Fuck yo couch!
So it's not like you really **lost** a bet. You paid for a mattress. Received actual mattress. 
Username. 
And be awfully damp
Wow. That's a bit odd. I never imagined that SoCal was further from there than Southern Ontario.
What's that rule?
> gas while you pass!Wasn't me.  He who mowed it sowed it.
 I'm fine with that. Who needs the highways? 
I think that always bothered me the most.If my car was taken on Pimp My Ride, I'd want them to upgrade all of the serviceable parts of the car with high quality pieces. All the boring stuff that wouldn't make for great TV, but would see your car last an extra 100k miles. Unless they did do that, and it just didn't make for good viewing and they glossed over that part.
36 in Colorado hit something like $30 on NYE. But the adjusting prices are specifically there to reduce congestion in those lanes by reducing demand. I can't see how they'd work otherwise - you'd just end up with Chicago's awful toll system.
well that tractor isn't exactly fast
I don't even remember. We didn't really care much. I think it was usually for the benefits of the faculty..
Probably on the way from another middle school 
Savagery at its finest. 
Damn homie
> I wish I could give you gold.You can. Just hit the little link that says give gold. Not that hard at all, really.
Yikes. 2 grand though. I got an offer brand  (Bob o pedic) for 800.
I haven't the foggiest idea why that expression exists then 
Sowthern Ontario
He who pointed the finger let it linger.
He who landscaped it Gilbert Graped it.
They sometimes worked the engine and other parts.  But most of it was cosmetic.  It was at the very least entertaining.  Though the episode where they put tvs in the fenders of the car was kinda where i jumped off.
http://i.imgur.com/OtS6k.gifv
Shouldn't matter if he uses the HOV lane everywhere he goes.
To shreds you say.
You in the Northeast? I got a kick out of those Bob's furniture commercials when I was out there for training. 
Yo bob opedic sucks though.
Yeah I think the biggest issue was the guys they had doing all the customs didn't work on engines. There was one episode where they went to town on tuning a muscle car but I'm pretty sure they had to get another shop or mechanics for help with it, and another where the guy needed significant engine repair and they just bought him a new car.
Sounds like a good saturday night to me 
Eating cheetos and masturbating at the same time leads to an orange dick.
Walter White was supposed to be a genius, but he can't even recognize a quality plan when he hears it.
Ahh, I just finished re-watching the entire series a couple of weeks ago. One of the best shows to ever be on TV
If I recall correctly he was going to a Georgia O'Keefe museum.   Ummmmm, in gonna have to go with the first option.
http://i.imgur.com/MO5oHUS.jpg
They're real plans if you've decided what to masturbate to in advance though.
Constitute as? That doesn't constitute good grammar.But what did I expect in /r/funny.
Great show right there.
constitute as plans does not constitute English
Shit.... my life is a lie. 
There has to be a word in some Scandinavian language to describe exactly that. In which case, you are doing that, and that is plans. 
Walt just needs a better book.
Fuck your book Walter! 
*erases planner entry*
Hey you only got two out of those three right 
Guess I don't have plans for the rest of the week
well your book is shitty that sounds like some good plans to me.
For years I've been telling people I don't have plans.....this whole time....my schedule has been jammed packed O.o I want cheetos....
What if they're Funyuns Onion Flavored Rings?
I like cheetos
Those are my daily plans lol 
I wish I eating cheetos
I am sure the writer never used the word as.
Cheetoes, emmm
99% of reddit just got told they don't have plans. Lol. 
Andddddd my plans are ruined.
Holy shit I literally just watched that episode, wtf.
What's wrong with any of those options...
Close but no cigar.  A nice Saturday goes marijuana disc golf lunch more pot tv more weed shower couple coke and whiskeys and a  water or two along with dinner then hit the bar and back home last smoke and bed. 
This is to close to home
Says the man with the orange knob.
/r/me_irl
Which unfortunately leads you into the white house
problem solvedhttp://wondermark.com/c/2010-03-05-601chopsticks.gif
I immediately thought of that dude from Sin City. The bad guy. The one that was orange. And Bruce Willis pulled his dick off. And then beat him to death. That guy.
It works out great if you can self fellate.
Jesse actually had plans to go to an art museum in Santa Fe with Jane.
Definitely in the top 5 IMO. Number 1 being The Office, of course
Im watching Arrested Development as I saw this. No ones gonna vote Arrested Development in that list....COME ON!
Except he was going to look at vagina pictures, so...
Usually I wouldn't care, but this misuse of the word is basic enough to just be frustrating.  This constitutes as a not funny as delivered in my book. 
Ok
Generally better to do it in your home, but to each their own.
> to
??
Yea thats what i said.
Take your upvote and go.
Shit...I'd take a Stoner over Trump.
Lol. Only 3 steps from the post to a Trump comment. We gotta turn this into a six degrees of kevin bacon- style posting game. Edit: Or not. Just a thought.
Better than having Gus in the White House
I read that first as SimCity, and I was very confused.
The Yellow Bastard. 
To look at vaginas.
I doubt I would even put the office in the top 5. Maybe in the top 5 comedies. Both 30 Rock and Parks and Rec are better. 
Yes. This.
Put some Arrested Development on that list and baby, you got a stew going!
Have you been snowshoeing on weed, man? 
Cheetos and masturbation?
Cheetoes leave an orange residue. If you eat cheetoes and then masturbate, you'll have an orange Dick. 
Sounds like a good saturday night to me okay. 
> Shit...I'd take a Stoner over TrumpJesse, I'd take Jesse over Trump.
I'll take an raging alcoholic over Trump.
President gives tax breaks to Hostess 
That game has a bit less violence than Sin City. Also, you made me laugh really hard.
Seconding Parks and Rec. The Office had some very good moments, but PaR has been more *consistently* funny.
And as a disgusting European I must point out that I think the original office is a *far* better show. 
I strongly disagree. The humour in the office is on another level, that show cleaved its own place in TV history. PaR just throws it all in your face, I would argue the same for 30rock. I loved all three shows but I would have to say that the latter two have more face value humor than the office. Maybe even aimed at a more immature audience. I started to grow tired of the character schticks in PaR and 30rock, while every time I watch the office, I'm impressed by its originality (let's ignore the British version).
And as a disgusting European I must point out that I think the original office is a *far* better show. 
Is that some sort of slang. 
And dope
Yea i realized thar after. Dont judge me lol. I usually dont smoke eat and rub the duck at the same time so i didnt comnect the dots
Besides im drunk
Yup. Dont think so?
Presidential shit ...bitch 
I regret that I have only one upvote to contribute. Jesse for President 2018 after the impeachment.Edit: I feel bad that I neglected to remember that the Vice President would take over if Trump were impeached.
lol people downvoting you guys don't understand that Pierce and Grant were raging alcoholics while in office, and Kennedy smoked tons of dope.I'd take any of them over Trump. 
Steve Bannon is already president.
Parks and Rec was too sit-commy.  Canned dramas about who was sleeping with whom were more central than in the early office, which was legitimately a dry comedy oriented around office humor rather than a bunch of goofy bureaucrats
Yeah weed is slang for marijuana.
Yes, anything else would be uncivilized.
Well I mean I was more referring to myself when I said me irl. As in me too. 
but then the vice president would be next in line
Which is slang for nothing because it is a made up word.
Marijuana is slang for cannibis
I suddenly understand. Im kinda drunk on some home made mudslides so excuse me. But yes dope is fun on Saturday nights
Oh i didnt understand .
How to not be assassinated as US President: Make sure everyone in line to be President should you be killed before your term is up is way worse than you are.
