Plunging attack... most reliable move in the game.
Holy shit. As someone who just started this beta Friday, that was amazing. This whole beta has been phenomenal imo!
http://i.imgur.com/raZ2N9f.jpg
There was no calculation involved; God willed it.
That was some Dark Souls level trolling right there.[Reminds me of this classic.](http://giant.gfycat.com/AmusingFoolhardyCowrie.gif)
damn that was sick as fk
Well executed. Online focus for a game like this still sucks, though.
I love this  game, only thing that sucks is p2p connection im constantly booted out of matches
So medieval chivalry but better?! 
I guess you saw [this post](https://www.reddit.com/r/gaming/comments/5tdfyx/one_of_the_most_satisfying_thing_you_can_pull_of/)?
Nice shot!Nice shot!Savage!
Reminds me of this: https://gfycat.com/VelvetyWideEyas
I don't mean to call bull crap but how is it that you had no health already and after that jump still be alive?
Those drop shots come along so rarely. I've explored every stage trying to find areas where they'd even be possible, and I'm surprised how few of them there are. Every time I find a likely ledge, there's a crate or a step or something under it, like they're intentionally designing to discourage it. It's very frustrating.I did get a flawless play on the... point C, stage with the battering ram? Dropped on a guy chasing my ally around, immediate double kill on his friend backing him up. Felt good, man.
Lobotomy inc.
**DEUS VULT**
It doesn't look anywhere near as cool the the trailer made it out to be. I'd rather play Chivalry.
Does stuff you gain in beta transfer over?
What game is this?
Calculated.
Clean
scary how you waited...
http://i.imgur.com/D6l8fu1.gif
Fucking PROPS!!!! Holy shit that timing.  Beautiful!
https://youtu.be/HB3qdnHeIJQ?t=161
He obviously played dark souls before this 
Stupid game kicks me out of game for low fps.  What the crap.  I went through training just fine.
This is what karma must do, that's why some folks think she's a bitch. Ha.
People who run away are a disgrace to the honor
Well if I had the money I'd be playing. It's is fun.
This game looks *uber* similar to Siege.
This will be the game I watch at a distance and love these videos.After playing the beta I was so bored I couldn't handle it anymore. I think my love for pvp has tapered off in the past couple of years.Great vid though, keep em coming
Well at least the fall damage is reasonable
I'd uninstall
Me and a buddy 1v1...both pick Conq.... It was like Metapod V Metapod
This game is going to be fucking garbage, I guarantee it. 
I see drop bears have made it to For honor
Thank you for putting the title of the game in the title!
a few things really annoy me about the visuals/ combat.. i can't stand how when you go into block mode the camera zooms in and those black bars fill the top/ bottom of the screen. i was also trying to find a way to turn off the blocking position guide symbols that pop up on the screen, couldn't see an option for it in the hud options. does anybody know if there's a way to turn these things off? can you turn off all the hud except for the health bars?
For a game about Honor he sure looked like a coward.
Sort of off topic but has anyone had issues with their NAT type being strict? I tried that port forwarding thing that their official website mentions but still no success
Air assassination 
Wait...is this game medieval counterstrike??
How is the game ? I was too lazy to download the beta.
Some of these games look really cool, but I don't know the names of them. I wish this subreddit enforced flair to help with that. Thanks to the OP for including a tag in the title, though.
Are we not talking about how P2P is total garbage and how Ubisoft has ruined the potential of online play?
Thank you Dark Souls
I'M NOT AN EGG AT ALLAHAHAHA
Don't laugh.
Thanks! I was dumbfounded when this happened, especially because I was thinking, theres no way I'm pulling this off 
Between this, Watch Dogs 2, and Rainbow Six Siege (though a little bit older than the other two), personally I feel that Ubisoft has started along a path for redemption.
I'm SUPER impressed with the game so far. I had zero interest in the game beforehand and I'm pretty sure the open beta alone has convinced me.
It crashes often and the servers get out of touch... but it's perfectly balanced, looks great, feels like actual skill is involved... I don't have a lot of complaints once they finish stability, easily worth the $60
Not on PC it's not.
Samurai guys, muthafucka
[http://i.imgur.com/Um1cb67.jpg](http://i.imgur.com/Um1cb67.jpg)
DEUS VULT
DEUS VULT
DEUS VULT
DEUS VULT
DEUS VULT
DEUS VULT
#DEUS VULT
DEUS VULT
D E U S V U L T
Omg I just started watching this. DEUS VULT
Dormamu!
DEUS VULT
But.. but.. that gif is from Bloodborne.
I'll just place this riiiiight... [here.](http://i.imgur.com/pEtCSUT.gif)
Thanks! 
Thanks. It definitely has potential, but I agree
What do you mean? As in, online-only?
It has a full fledged singleplayer campaign. 
P2P in a Melee pvp game? Wow, looks cool but favour the host must be insane. 
Yeah my apartment has a Strict NAT type and they won't change it, so I can't play online multi-player games without disconnecting from a match almost instantly. If they keep P2P, then I'm not buying the game. 
>only thing that sucksThat's not the only thing. They completely scrapped the couch co-op, splitscreen that they had initially promised. And after public outrage they decided to add a post hoc campaign mode that will surely suck balls. This game is on its way of turning into Battlefront: a game that looks nice put is shallow and will get boring fast for the majority of players due to putting all their eggs into the online basket. 
Better is debatable. The game has an absolute boat load of flaws, but people are circle jerking right now because it's new.It's not an awful game, but the expensive price tag is a bit much for a questionable pvp game.
Chivalry and a fighting game had a lovechild is more accurate 
Dont get your hopes up, its an ubisoft game.
I did not but that is damn impressive. 
Wow!Wow!Wow!   Chat Disabled for 4 seconds....Wow!
https://youtu.be/6-MEsUtXHEE
You take less fall damage if you land an attack
Calculated. 
Maybe cause the match ended as he cut him? Idk
You cannot die from landing a fall attack. Just lose almost all your health. If he had full health he would have probably lost 3/4 of his total health with that maneuver.
You can see he took fall damage, he simply survived the fall.
he got the kill, healing him
I guess it makes it all the more satisfying when you pull it off, knowing opportunities are rare. 
No. Everything resets in launch, except for beta specific emblems your get for faction warfare.
>low fpsDo you mean ping...a game can't kick someone for low fps...
First time anyone ever said that
Illusion ahead. 
So, if you don't mind me asking, how'd you get the helmet? I've been playing and really want a Great Helm.
Let's not get ahead of ourselves 
Dont forget Wildlands...has me super hype
I feel like it would get too repetitive for me with the amount of content they have right now.  I think $60 is a little too much at this point.
I loved it a lot when I started playing but all my friends are really good at feinting and guard breaking now so I spend 90% of my games just getting thrown off bridges and stuff from full HP. Totally killed my interest. q_q
The bleed effect some heros have seems unfair. I mean almost every one is using a bladed weapon, where is my bleed damage? 
>It crashes often and the servers get out of touch......it's a beta.
> Samu-rais, muthafuckaFTFY
Chest sliced, mothfucka
Sandflies muthafucka
Dey use wot?
You mean PS4 exclusive Dark Souls?
I was thinking: What DkS is this? It kind of looks like Belfry Sol, but the color is all wrong. And what's up with the HUD? Mods? Could this be Demon Souls? No, the graphics are too good. I'm dumbfounded!Thanks for clearing it up for me.
eh, close enough.
You could do the same in Dark Souls. I did all the time.
I would've been triggered so hard
You're welcome! :D
You're welcome !
You're welcome! XD
There's a single player campaign but it's clear that the meat of the game is the online multiplayer. Hence online focus.Though I can't be sure *how much* they're focusing on multiplayer considering they don't have any dedicated servers and it's all P2P. Admittedly internet connections are way better than they were during the days of Halo 2, but it's not like Ubisoft can't afford servers.
No it has SP but it's clearly focused on online. That's where all the progression and most of the content is. Which I agree, kind of sucks. I'm OK with online games (Titanfall 2 is currently my favorite game), but I dont think this game really has the gameplay to support it. The online is... Odd. It feels sort of like a classic multiplayer FPS, combined with a fighting game. You run around a lot like an FPS, then stop and play out a Mortal Combat fight, then run around some more. It doesn't feel very cohesive or satisfying. 
I think he means the emphasis seems to be on multiplayer, which is what I've been hearing. I do kind of wish a small portion of the campaign was in here, but I realize this is a beta, not a demo. 
Yeah there is a lot more problems i do have with the game come to think about it, but i still love it regardless, its still not worth it though for the price and this is the finished product since its getting released a few days after the beta closes so idk if im buying this one.
Figured, but sadly chivalry was an experienced taste. This seems mass marketed as game of thrones is popular and medieval themed games are back. Will see after 3months if people are still playing :)
You mean, circlejerking about how Ubisoft is the devil and all the online is broken and the gameplay is shallow and all that? 
its new refreshing gameplay, whats there to hate? p2p, yes.. but its ubisoft lol
Lets not forget astroturfing is a thing. There is more and more posts about this game, and if you check older threads the most upvoted comments were about it being boring, unbalanced and repetitive. Now those comments are much lower, even though those aspects did not change at all, and praises go to the top - treat it like advertisment - cause that what it is 
But chivalry is a fighting game, with kick moves, combos, blocking, special moves, etc?
Good fight!
Wow. Well you learn something new every day lol. Thanks!
Lol I need to play with you then lol cause my teammates always jump off cliffs lol 
Good point 
If you have ever played For Honor you would know that a 5 foot drop kills you lol 
I've been playing as the warden mostly. I use all my spare points on premium packs. 
No, they deserve some respect. They're pumping out new ideas and good quality games and have clearly learned from past mistakes. Of course there's always a chance of regression, and everyone makes a dud now and then (worried about Ghost Recon), but right now Ubi is one of the best developers out there.
You forget that the actual game also has a full-length campaign. The kind of thing people paid the full $60 for alone not too many years ago.
It releases in 2 days
sun rise, muthafucka
[Sandstorm] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CwwMFctAKZs) muthafucka
Quem deus vult perdere, prius dementat.
Hey now, Bloodbourne is way better than any of the Souls series. 
You mean PS4 exclusive button-mashing no-strategy-allowed Dark Souls?
No problem!
In the closed betas I never had a problem with the P2P outside of when a host quit in 4v4 but thankfully the transition to a new host is pretty damn fast. However in the open beta I'm encountering matches with some seriously questionable connections. Plus I swear at times I'm having serious input delay with my controller during the open beta. I love the game but I question how long it will keep me hooked which is why I'm personally still iffy If I will get it or not.
It's not traditional p2p, the host is shared between everyone and it calculates ping between everyone and uses it to determine input order
Sounds like a much more amped up version of Chivalry, which is hugely popular. Might just not be your jam, which is cool. Doesn't mean it's inherently flawed though. 
That's fair enough. I'm having a blast with the open beta though, and have bought the game.
It's a good game, a nice change of pace and fun game play. Don't let the dude above dissuade you, try the beta and decide for yourself. The combat is deep enough that a good player will beat a button masher every time, and the cross-platform territory battles make it interesting and rewarding. Imo its a solid game. It has some things to polish up but it's in beta. 
lol
Falling kills don't hurt you. Regular falls will though.
Ah, ok. I accidentally used my starting points to buy packs for another class (the one next to the warden). I didn't know at the time that the pack's content relied on who was selected. I've been trying to gain more as the warden, and I almost have enough for a basic pack. Just started playing the beta today, actually.
They really are innovating in terms of game concepts more than every other publisher/developer that releases stuff yearly.  
In my personal opinion, I think that R6 siege is one of the best multiplayer games on the market right now. Right up with the likes of overwatch and counter strike 
Yeah that's certainly one thing I'm really pumped about. Moving the multiplayer aspect, but it will be nice to run through a story with these guys and this system of battle.
Do we have access to that campaign right now?  I never saw it when I was playing, or even saw it advertised.
Some fries muthafucka
\\[T]/
Non nobis domine.
What does Toyota have to do with this?
Vae Victis!
Whoa that's a big claim, they're completely different play experiences. It entirely depends on what you prefer in combat flow, aesthetic, story, theme, etc. There are many things each game excels at individually. 
Better than every Souls game except Dark Souls 1 IMO. 
LOL please, record yourself mashing buttons in Bloodborne and see where it gets you. 
Holy Cow!
I didn't really enjoy my time in the beta. Not because I think it's a bad game. (On the contrary I think it's a very fun game.) only in 1v1 and 2v2 though. I found the dominion mode just a clusterfuck of a mess.And from what people told me it's a game you really need to embrace with a controller. Which I find uncomfortable at my pc.It plays more like a fighting game too which is an acquired taste as well. Not bad at all! Just not for me.
It's all down to preference. I love the concept and hate the execution. Just feels like shit to me. Which sucks, because I did want to enjoy it  
I agree with everything you said, but>but it's in betaThe game comes out in like 2 days, so this is a little funny to me 
>It has some things to polish up but it's in beta.  For another 48 hours. I sure hope the version we're playing is a couple cycles behind the one they're releasing in 2 days, because there are a few inexcusable launch-day bugs still lingering.Of course, by inexcusable I mean industry standard these days.
Just like real life
If you haven't done it already the advance training gives you 1000 coins.
Knight faction all the way 
Supplies muthafucka
yes please.
I'm finally getting around to playing Dark Souls 3, and it seems a lot like Dark Souls 1, and less like DkS 2. I loved all of them, it just seems closer to the first to me.
This is the problem. The game is entirely based around duel style combat and it falls completely flat the second it's anything but a 1v1.Even in the 4v4 mode they TRY to set it up with four duels going on, but the better strategy is to immediately run to a teammate to 2v1 their opponent.The revival system is also a complete mess.
Yeah this is not a beta, it's just marketing.It is cool of them to do this though, regardless of whether or not the game is actually good. They're trying to sell a pvp game at full retail price. I had a bit of fun regardless of all the flaws, but not $80 worth of fun.
Brb, going to try it now
That's the one where you duel the AI for the first time, right? I've done that one already, but thank you for the advice.
Did it today and 1500
Right on.
Vikings bro
Deus Vult.
Blue eyed muthafucka
It sure as hell referenced 1 enough. x_x (Love all of them enormously.) 
They can solve this pretty easily when they iterate in the sequel. It's the same problem that Assassin's Creed had once upon a time, then later iterations made fighting multiple opponents attacking at the same time a breeze.The right counters and options will expand it, and they own the game that they need to be taking the inspiration from.
>The game is entirely based around duel style combatA lot of games are balanced based on a specific game mode or level of play and are unbalanced for other game modes. However it doesn't make the other unbalanced game modes any less fun or rewarding.> it falls completely flat the second it's anything but a 1v1.What a load of garbage. I don't know what game you're playing but that is certainly NOT the case. The revenge system does a really good job of balancing 1vX situations and the assisted blocks for multiple attackers helps immensely. Just because you don't know how to play the game and make full use it of its available mechanic doesn't mean the game is busted. > better strategy is to immediately run to a teammate to 2v1 their opponent.In which successful pvp game is that NOT a good strategy? Think LoL, CSGO, etc. In all these games, the side with the bigger numbers have an inherent advantage. Obviously there are outplay potentials where the better players can triumph multiple worse players, but the same is true here.
Do you need someone to kill? I can help you out.
no thats the basic training its gonna be under how to play and it will say advanced if you haven't done that i recommend you do.
All rise muthafucka
>> it falls completely flat the second it's anything but a 1v1.>What a load of garbage. [...] The revenge system does a really good job of balancing 1vX situations and the assisted blocks for multiple attackers helps immensely.Until someon hits you with an unblockable attack from behind or that stupid Viking rams you into a wall and knees your head into next week or someone shoots an arrow at you taking half your health. But yeah, really good job lolol
Oh wow, I never would have thought to even check that section. Thanks for the coins, man!EDIT: oh, and I got a Great Helm on the first try! Again, thank you!
Popeyes, muthafucka
First prize, muthafucka
Well didn't that just turn out swell
Gay pride, muthafucka
Vault Boy*
Pip boy is the gadget on the arm. That's Vault boy.
That's so hot, they are going to get radiation burns.
Apparently Vault 69 is alive and well
Somebody hit just a little too much jet last night.
It's almost like this was planned. 
Wow I can't believe this wasn't designed this way on purpose lol
I understand that they got Vault Boy's name wrong, but the false info tag is pretty dramatic.
Spot the non-gamer, karma whore!
Theres art... and then theres Modern art.
The top 2 are giving the *Wanna join?* wink.
50 shades of Vault
I refuse to believe that this was not the intent.
Set phasers to sexy. 
I need an adult
oh my god this is just as smart as disturbing
I read that as Pig Boy Orgy but that didn't slow me down from clicking..
wash your fucking cups
No idea why I felt a compulsion to click that link; still not sure what I expected to see.
Yea , I can't see any reason why this is NSFW. lmao.
Pip Boy = wrist computerVault Boy = this little guySpeaking as someone who played Fallout from before Fallout 3 came out
Lol pip boy do you even fallout bro
There's no way that this just happened to work outBethesda and their Easter eggs
False Info What
Thats only a little unsettling. 
Man the human race really is brilliant sometimes. 
Jail is not bad, as long as you don't mind going [ass to ass with a bunch of daedra worshipping motherfu#&%](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ipqGN_ilo1Q)
Yeah totally nsfw. That label used to be really useful.
What's the Pip Boy second from bottom supposed to be doing? It looks like he's unscrewing the knees of the Pit Boy above him.
Someone needs a new hobby.
Vault Boy, the wrist computer itself ist called Pip Boy
The expression on the top one's face is perfect
This had to have been planned. 
Vault boy. Pip boy is the arm device
But... This has nothing to do with a pip-boy...
How did this get the NSFW tag? xD
How is this nsfw? I expect a nude pic of you sister first thing tomorrow morning..
thanks, author, now i want such glasses more then i want to live!
I have to assume this was definitely intentional. Today the designer is finally seeing it go viral and has a warm fuzzy feeling.
Gary 
Downvoted for Pip Boy.
Ymean Vault Boy?
That's vault boy.Pipboy is the arm computer.
Noice.
I was totally expecting some of ShadMan's work. [NSFW, incognito mode is advised.](http://www.shadbase.com/fallout4-little-lamprape-girls-playdate/comment-page-1/)
Charisma increased to 100
I really want to believe that these were designed like that on purpose.
Where can I get these glasses? They are now a must have to fulfill my relentless immaturity 
Your marketing trick has worked and I ordered them
Op you a freak 
I'd rather not drink from a crotch-faucet.
I love this picture.
Vault 69
Such perfection makes you wonder if they were meant to be put like this from the start.
Where can I get these cups?
Some days, the internet delivers.
You sir are to be commended.
I gotta have those shot glasses! 
This doesn't look like an accident
It worries me that I opened this after reading pig boy orgy 
NSFW..lulz
/r/perfectfit
What fuckhead mod labeled this false info? Christ you're terrible.
VAULT BOY!!! UGH!!!! 
Goddamnit. This would have been such a good post if he would have just said Vault Boy.
Genius. 
I... I see. But... Why though?
What the fuck
There's no way that was an accident 
So intricately placed. Well done!
does anyone have a link where these are sold? i showed my boyfriend the pic and now hes sad because he has none of these. 
Quality shitpost
So just Vault Borgy?
Still a better love story than Fifty Shades of Grey.
That takes a lot of Endurance.
Knowing Bethesda, this has got to be no coincidence.
This? This is what makes it to the top post of Reddit these days?
Well one of them is a *pipe* boy
Onwards to the top of Reddit!
I need these shot glassesedit: just ordered from off amazon
Pretty sure this wasn't an accident 
I read it as 'pig boy orgy' and thought it would be Roadhogs doing something wild in their lunar pig suits. Was confused. 
This is art.
/r/rule34
Nothing is safe in this world
+69 Affinity 
What a time to be alive.
Where may I buy the shot glasses? I want to buy them as a gift for someone. 
Hilarious.On an unrelated note: I have this Vault Boy poster, and it looks like Vault Boy is drinking out of another Vault Boy's arm.
I don't think VATS has a targeting option for penis. Paladin Danse does though, he hit on me way too quick. Too bad he's a synth.
I just want to know where I can those glasses...
You know i i know youre gay?
Oh my!
I maybe new to Reddit but is this really NSFW? :p
Dsytopian.. When all that's left to have sex with is pep boys and beer bottles 
Ill have four shots of that guy
Immediately searches for Fallout shot glasses
I love how the second one is fingering a disembodied beer bottle penis.
Well, this is it. Humanity has peaked. There's nothing that can top this. Pack it up everyone.
can i see all those individually? 
https://youtu.be/Rjvt6xqKwV8
I cant believe you've done this.
They planned it, they planned the whole thing!
Reminds me of an artist's interpretation of /u/doubledickdude and his sexual exploits that appeared in his ama. Fantastic.
I thought it said Pig Boy Orgy and yet I still clicked. 
This is amazing
This is just brilliant. We will never know if this was intentionally done by the shot glass designer or not.
ummmmmmmmmmmm, thats fucking VAULT BOY, not Pip boy. God get your shit together. still funny, still upvoting it
I've scrolled past this numerous times today. Every time I've read it as pig boy orgy.
Stay classy, gamers.
Pip boy its vault boy
This labeled as NSFW lmfao... like I get why it come on lol.
I like the one at the bottom. Don't mind me fellas, I'm just here for the free booze.
genial`
I really want to believe that they did this on purpose.
Genius, in a way.
Risky click of the day............... Turned out alright. 
I was not ready for this...
I did this with my nephew's.  It's not funny when children do it.
That is surprisingly clever
Holy Fuck im at work and was just waiting for nudity.Ashamed
Clone bone?
Tunnel Rats Rule!
Dude this is amazing hahaha
Oh yeah pip boy daddy
*'Pip-boy was on top of another pip boy and I-'*Jizzed. In. My, pants. 
how does one even come up with this kind of shit?????
That's actually hilarious!
Confirmed bachelor
pip boy**pip boy**#***pip boy***
I wss expecting this tho be dumb. Lol very nice
I need me a shawty that can SUCC me like a tap
Its a good orgy just not a good fallout orgy. Dae?
Where are the Pip Boys, behind those Vault Boy Glasses?
Dude on the bottom called next, he's pre-gaming.
What is the second guy from the top's bottle supposed to be
Pipboy if you know what I mean.
That's messed up.I love it  
Reminds me of the u/doubledickdude orgy description
In my mind, He is dressed like the swedish person, in the Scandinavian comics, but usually it's the danse drinking.[edit](https://jonjumpsthepond.files.wordpress.com/2014/05/satwpotatoes.png?w=300&h=161)
I Hope he could see himself :P
Giving blowjob even better than me, lol
he's got a nice, big stack.look closely enough, it might still be dripping.
Wow sick 
I dont know what i expected when i clicked this but i was definately fulfilled
is this an easter egg?
This is what the G.E.C.K. should have looked like. 
/r/TitleGore
there's no fucking way this wasn't  by design 
Read this as Pig Boy. Was very confused
So this is how Double Dick Dude did it?
This is the greatest thing I've seen on reddit. 
>False InfoReally? It's a funny picture, just a small mistake. Calm down reddit.
OMG are they SUPPOSED to do that? 
This fits too well to be a coincidence.
Read that as, Pig Boy Orgy.I'm only 47% disappointed. 
I read this as Pig Boy Orgy
Vault boy :/
A raider probably put a sign on the vault door years back, no females you know, just for laughs, but this is what it led to..
I'll never be this creative and funny
Shots shots shots shots. Shots shots shots shots, for all the vault boys!
What are the chances of that 
I need these. I need these badly.
Yeah.... you probably shouldn't post pics like this online..... I'm not sure if the vault boy on the bottom was able to consent 
Fallout Four...some. 
They stack so perfectly. Makes you wonder. 
That ain't right. 
So is it considered incest if he's messing around with clones of himself?
Awesome.
Someone is a creative thinker
This has to be purposeful.
**slow clap** NICE
i get it because sex
The double guns from the top boy really sells it. 
Some how this reminds me of that AMA of that guy with 2 dicks. He was describing having sex with 3 or 4 women at the same time,  I can't remember,  but he was describing like this lol. 
This reminds me of when you hold shift and hit the credits button in Fallout 1-2.
How did you even find this out.
No cannibalism shot glass? Or is that exclusive to the bath salts syringe?
I don't like it.....I LOVE IT!!!
I guess you've  found the right perks for surviving in the wasteland.
This is GOLD.
How hard did you cry?!
>>>>> /r/TheFapList <<<< here this is better
Haha lol
My husband and I always get each other shot glasses for Valentine's Day and I just ordered these ones a few hours ago. Now my idea is ruined!
looks like my friday night
He's a Vault Man now.
Fallout Boy?
Man would I love to fill one of those up with booze and put my mouth on it.
Thank youuuuuu im surprised this post didn't get down voted to oblivion for that mistake 
(you fucking casual)
i thought pip boy is the wrist computer doo-hickey.
Funnily, the Pip Boy 2000 [did have its own little mascot](http://pre15.deviantart.net/74ef/th/pre/f/2014/273/3/d/pip_boy_2000_by_doctor_g-d8129jv.png) Weird little gremlin.
Hey everyone this guys is right....OP is a big fat phony!
Oh, next you'll tell Metroid isn't the name of the main character.
Need
But then who is Fallout Boy?
They almost got rug burns, but there wasn't enough cloth to build the rug.
Almost makes you wish for a nuclear winter.
B-But [Vault 69](http://static3.fjcdn.com/comments/Vault+69+second+best+vault+101+will+always+be+1+_187e3df0a6c3a93f0caac9dcff951f63.jpg) would only have one Vault Boy... one very lucky Vault Boy
Vault 69, Rocket 69... I don't think they're going away any time soon. 
Your thinking of Vault 68
You mean Vault 68...
No such thing.
Now don't start talking crazy!
Nah bruh, I was hitting the Slo-Mo inhalers pretty hard last night though.
The jet will make you jittery
Now don't start talkin crazy!
No way that's Daytripper if ever I saw it
[Indeed](http://www.snopes.com/business/graphics/pepsisex.jpg)
Wasn't it?
I dont think I can edit either so \\\_()_/  
Everybody gotta eat.
Spot the neckbeard with maxed out nerd rage.
And then there's post-apocalyptic art.
I laughed so hard at this picture. And then I laughed harder because my husband would just be so happy I actually knew who this character is! Modern art indeed. 
While the others do all the hard work
I'm not gay but 10 caps is 10 caps
50 rads greener 
>Set phasers to stunning
Why is it disturbing? It's fucking hot. 
Yes, they are very dirty.  
I don't know why I clicked it either but I breathed a sigh of relief when I saw what it actually was.
Sorry I only played from 4 onwards. My friends played 3 and new vegas, but it never peaked my interest back then.
Yes, haven't got back to it since last year though. 
Vault Boy*, not Pip Boy. 
Unless that's how you like it.
Orgies are pretty nsfw
Drinking piss. It's the lead belly perk. 
Cum guzzling the vault boy above him. 
Thanks
:(
Yes. I was too excited cause I knew it was front page material
Lol, you got me!! She has a d***?!!?
Was 10$ at walmart
Lol where's my cut? 
Shut up and take it you whore!
:)
Me too
You don't know this days, someone could drop their monocle and faint
Yeah, it's literally the joke.
Nothing close to that design shows up on google image search, eBay or amazon, so I suspect they're custom (or Photoshop).  You can probably find a company that'd make some for you though.
[Here.](https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B01N4Q9JVH/ref=oh_aui_detailpage_o00_s00?ie=UTF8&psc=1)
Ayyy
[I really tried to find them-](https://imgur.com/a/YVUk0) can you send a link?
Got all 4 for 10$ at walmart. 
They were 4 for 10$ at walmart
Here ya go: http://imgur.com/a/ANiNh
Lol
I need to see this now lol
http://imgur.com/a/ANiNh I doubt it. 
I think it's meant to be showing something else...
considering all 4 glasses line up - I'd say - totally on purpose.
#CLONE BONE!#
Ok I'm gonna need a link for that
I guess, op stacked the glasses... and was like WAIT AS SEC, LOL!''
Nightman has become Dayman
One of them has to be Vault Boy though, or else what're we gonna do with all this hog tyin' rope?
Does it really make him a man if he's just fucking himself? And if so does masturbation count? Because if so, there's no such thing as a middle school  virgin.
We're all Vault Men now
Men without vaults
Oh has he had his vault mitzvah?
Looks drunk enough to be a Vault *Bitch*, if you ask me...
> Vault Men
You're the Vault Man now Dogmeat
*Vault Men
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=851BqHMCaeM
Fall Out Boy
MY EYES! THE GOGGLES DO NOTHING!
Look out, Radioactive Man!
Boi
Tim Cain call it fallout boy. http://www.duckandcover.cx/forums/viewtopic.php?p=44511#44511
Is this more than you bargained for?
Well yeah what else could you do with one?
Yeah, definitely want one of these things with my favourite perks. Anyone know where to buy them?
Smell that aiirrr!!!
'tis
He seems to be a Vulcan. 
What is that from?  That Pip Boy looks way too clean and flat.
Yep, because remember everyone, the Pip-Boy was a Robco creation while Vault Boy is a (probably) trademark of Vault-Tec.
and there was another settlement that needed their help.
You couldn't find one cigarette?
Lucky until you realize that in that situation there is not much difference between the sexes in terms of competition for a mate. No man has the sex drive for that. 
No one said all those women were mostly attractive.
I don't get the last panel 
Hmm, I don't get the joke in the last panel. What's there to discuss about vault 77 that's more interesting than the previous two that he just mentioned? Edit: someone else already answered this>That's because it's just the start of the comic: http://i.imgur.com/j5T1GmK.jpgThanks u/Sailor_Sega_Saturn
Vault 68: 999 men, 1 woman.Vault 69: 1 man, 999 women.Also, you're*, you fucking synth.
You're
Vault 68 has 999 men and 1 woman. Vault 69 has 999 women and 1 man.
Everything is moving so slowly... you need to get some more Jet, right NOW!
*maniacal laughs*
What am I not seeing?
He means by the people who made the glasses
You dropped this: \\
> _()_/\\\_()_/Apparently you have to do 3 backslashes to make it work.
Mr. Lahey
I G O T T A H A V E A G O O D M E A L
I'll have you know my mom finds it very handsome
This thread is like Fallout 4Needs more Karma
 . 
What do you mean 4 onwards? 4 is the  current installment.
Just a heads up, it's piqued.
Also, if you look really closely, you'll notice it's not even a **real** orgy, either!
Goodness no. At least... I don't think so?
I find it to be a perk every day regardless of what music I'm listening to.
But but your a non gamer karma whore they don't want you invading this sub ... Did you really look up a random perk just for this comment?
Some people are into that. Not me though, absolutely not! Not in a million years! No chicks with dicks for me! Nope.
I couldn't find it with a quick skim, but with some determination, I believe you can do it
Ah hell. I'm sticking with opportunistic alcoholic rather than fellating freak.
Can't be bothered to find the comment but here's the link,  it's a fun read. https://www.reddit.com/r/IAmA/comments/1u75hh/i_am_the_guy_with_two_penises_ama/
Dayman! ^AHHHHH^AHHHHH^AHHHH FIGHTER OF THE NIGHT MAN ^AHHHH^AHHHHH^AHHHH CHAMPION OF THE SUN! ^AHHHH^AHHHHH^AHHHH HE'S A MASTER OF KARATE AND FRIENDSHIP FOR EVERYONE.Edit: how could I be such a fool and miss a ahhhhahhhh. Thank you /u/WobblyJohnson, I am indebted to you.
It's just two men sharing the night  It might seem wrong  But it's just right!  It's just two men sharing each other  It's just two men like loving brothers  One on top and one on bottom  One inside and one is out  One is screaming he's so happy  The other's screaming a passionate shout  
Philosophers have debated for centuries whether fucking yourself is gay or masturbation. The first known such argument is Plato's dialogue *Meninme*, in which Socrates and Engorgias engage in a debate over self-fucking
It is a sexual act  though right? so...maybe?Brb conducting research
Yes, there was cake. Butch wasn't very happy about it.
If you clone yourself multiple times are there more than one person in the vault? Or are you all by yourself.
Remember meee for centurieees.
Pull out, Boy.
LIGHT IT UP UP UP
Well if you had multiple, you could stack them and fill one with the other
Yeah high endurance with no perception please.
Definitely Romulan.
Space elf-thing.
The pipboy 2000 is in the classic Fallout games. The picture is clean because it was a recreation. The ones in game are dirty.
Someone made a vector for themselves, it seems.
Fucking Preston.
Speak for urself m8
Problem solves itself in 15 years anyway.
Yeah, the guy with the puppets would run out of stamina probably before he finished the box. 
The spirit is willing, but the flesh is spongy and bruised.
DEATH BY SNU SNU!
All of them violent SJWs with purple hair.
Let's hope they didn't select only ugly woman.
That's because it's just the start of the comic: http://i.imgur.com/j5T1GmK.jpg
Vault 43: 20 men, 10 women, 1 panther.
It says a thousand to one, so it would be 1,000 women to 1 man but they also don't say there was only one man, just the ratio.
ur
S-E-X I guess, but idk it's a bit of a stretch.
You're not seeing the correlation between something that was purported to be intentional, and something that probably wasn't.
Wasn't it though?
So does /u/mynameiszack 
`\` ( -)
 \\_()_
Wow that worked thanks stranger
4 and dlc
Thanks, Engrish is my second language. 
Hahahahaha! ...damn... sucks for you...
Powerful Futabird
You can't do the entire verse... Save some Internet points for the rest of us :(
Nightman, sneaky and meanSpider inside my dreams, I think I love youYou make me wanna cryYou make me wanna dieI love you I love youI love you I love youI love you NightmanEvery night you come into my roomand pin me downwith your strong armsyou pin me downand I try to fight youyou come inside meyou fill me up and I become the NightmanIt's just two men sharing the nightIt might seem wrongBut it's just right!It's just two men sharing each otherIt's just two men like loving brothersOne on top and one on bottomOne inside and one is outOne is screaming he's so happyThe other's screaming a passionate shoutIt's the NightmanThe feelings so wrong and right, manThey're feeling so wrong and right, manI can't fight you, manWhen you come inside meAnd pin me down with your strong handsAnd I become The NightThe passionly passionate Nightman**edit: Thanks for the gold kind stranger!**
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S_JUlXh7sP8For those confused. 
You missed fighter of the nightman too loser
You gotta pay the toll if you want this boys soul
Meninme lol I almost googled it
I've always felt that Engorgias was an underrated philosopher. Never really been open-minded enough to take in Meninme though.
So who argued for what and what was the outcome of the debate? Inquiring minds must know!!
It's both
Are we talking hands here or sticking your dick up your own butt?
We're going down, down!
Already forgot...Who are you again?
Wow, *ahem*... I'm uhhh getting a bit flustered. Is, is it getting hot in here? *Whew!*
Hmm I think he's Reman
Nahh, no forehead protrusion. I say he's a member of the V'tosh ka'tur; Vulcans who embrace a balance between logic and emotion.
Not just dirty, the ones in game are 3d renders, this one is super flat
Take the number of times you masturbate when you are not doing anything for a few days. That is a crude estimate of how many times you could have sex.
I mean age of consent in Vatican is 12. 
If they last that long. Jealousy, murder and all that. I mean sure, you could probably get a small group of women to go along with the idea of sharing one man to ensure propagation, but when it's 1000 to 1? Hell no. At least one will go nuts and murder him and whichever unlucky woman happens to be with him that night.
With no end in sight. You'll die with a shattered pelvis and a smile on your face. 
Yes. Probably. It could very well happen in that environment. 
> with purple hair.Is this supposed to be a negative?
Anyone got a gun so I can shoot myself?
IT'S A NIGHTMARE!
They won't be ugly for long
Ah that makes sense, thank you! 
Makes me wonder how they fared. Would be pretty cool if Bethesda included that in a future title.
ine
He means whoever created the design for the shot glasses. 
Tis' a mistery for us all m8
You dropped this: /
Damn it...
Well he fucking missed a line, the dirty bastard
We could just quote other lines from the musical. Like the one about paying the troll toll to get into that boy'soul
There's a spider ^spider ^spider...deep in my soul ^soul ^soul...he's lived there years ^years ^years... he just won't let go... he's laying around...he's got a mean bite...Now he's ready to **fiiiiiiiiiiighhhhht**...And stand up for what he loves...I don't need your trophies or your goldI just want to tell you allGo fuck yourselves...Go fuck yourselves...Go fuck yourselves...I really mean to tell youFuck you motherfuckersI don't need you in my bar...
http://m.imgur.com/gallery/f65UvhA
My favorite version
You are right, thank you
Engorgias didn't give it away lol 
Learn all about it at pen island . Com
Well, taking Meninme has really opened me up!
Here's an excerpt:Engorgias: I submit that to have an exact copy of yourself sodomize you is a homosexual act, abhorrent to the gods.Socrates: But you admit that to pleasure oneself is merely masturbation, and thus acceptable.Engorgias: Indeed.Socrates: Suppose, then, that a copy of yourself pleasured you manually. In that instance, is it not the case that you are stimulating yourself manually?Engorgias: I suppose.Socrates: Then if having your manhood stimulated by a copy of yourself amounts only to self-pleasure, is it not a logical extension that anal penetration by a copy of yourself is nonetheless reducible to mere self-pleasure?edit: Some have criticized this translator for his use of anachronisms such as homosexual and sodomize. However, I think he does a good job of getting the point across to modern readers.
And sugar were going down swinging!
Heavy metal broke my... ^^^heart!
in a luleelurah
Just another notch in your bedpost.
In an earlier round, and sugar were going down swinging. I'll be your number one with a bullet. A loaded god complex cock it and pull it.
I'll take a Ruben
Ramen? 
Maybe a Rayman
It could be either in different iterations.    After all, the vault wasn't built in a day.
[For those who don't understand the joke.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Romulus_and_Remus)
NEEEEEEERD!
I could handle it. Seriously I've did the math. 
What?! NO! Jacking is not a substitute for sex, jacking it is a substitute for the lack of sex! 
But my back doesn't give out when I masturbate for hours :/
[The Coolidge Effect] (https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Coolidge_effect)
Yeah, I kinda gave it 2-3 years for kidnapping, sex parties and whatnot to happen.
It's not though. The age of consent in Vatican City is 18, unless you're married in which case it's 16 for boys and 14 for girls.
In all likelihood the man will be put under guard and raped day and night.
Only my dad's BB gun
I imagine 68 died out with only one woman available and 69 probably has inbreeding issues.
I guess it depends somewhat on what is available to use as a weapon in the vault, but I feel 30 able bodied adults can kill a panther fairly easily. According to google, an average male panther weighs 130-160 pounds, which isn't that scary. Some dog breeds are bigger than that. The panther would definitely cause some damage, but I feel if the group coordinated they could kill one with only 2 or 3 deaths maximum. 
But really, wasn't it?
 \_()_/                 
Basically fucked up the entire thing. Forgot FIGHTER OF THE NIGHT MAN and there is no 'AHHHHHHHH after CHAMPION OF THE SUN! The only crime thats being committed today is the crime of ugliness. And sadly, you cant press charges for that.
Plus 2 more AHHHHAHHHHHs
*Boy's hole
*spits profusely*
Biggus Dickus.
Well with names from that era it could have been the names that we derived the current day words from. 
Ironically the ancient Greeks were cool with homosexuality so...
Thnks fr th mmrs
Cock it (   ) 
If home is where the heart is then we're all just fucked
Mm, ramen
Make mine a Cuban.
r/amen?
Ramen? 
Excuse me sir but I believe you dropped your Pip Boy.
Could also be  the Remans from star trek. 
He's did the math guyz.
Why is it lower for girls?
Sorry, haven't been to Vatican City since 2013
http://i.imgur.com/6mhKq.gif
Fuck it, it will do.
The one im wandering about is 43, surely 30 people can kill a panther no problem right? I mean most vaults had security staff and weapons to defend themselves, the panther could have killed 3 or 4 at most.
But if 68 survived, there may have not been a lot of incest, nor for 69. I mean, assuming the one lady doesn't die after one child or something, things could turn out ok. Just need a bit of luck (I.e. More females born for the men to copulate with) but then eventually there would be incest, but I wonder if it would occur within the 200 year incubation period.
Many vaults opened within a few years though.  It was only the weird ones that stayed closed for hundreds of years.
No he means the people who made and designed these glasses which hold shots of alcohol. 
Third base!
You dropped this: \
There isn't an AHHHH after champion of the sun during the part when they were arranging the song, but when they performed it on stage there totally was an AHHHHH there.
Is that the sign?  That's the sign!
[Welease Woger!](https://youtu.be/AX0XDHF3M60)
Only if you were giving, receiving was looked down upon
Thinks fur tho murmurs? 
Ooh ooh oh oh ooh ooh oh oh ooh ooh oh oh oh oh
Mom's spaghetti. 
Startrek was also refering Romulus and Remus.  That's why there are Romulans and Remans in startrek.
He gone dun it. 
/r/theydidthemath/
Terrible people making laws prolly.
The Catholic Church isn't exactly known for its progressive stances on gender equality.
While I can't really answer it, its important to know that the Vatican is a weird ass nation. There are no natural born citizens; only people who hold high enough offices and their immediate family are actual citizens. Since the vast majority are priests and take vows of celibacy-and the ordination process is generally many years long (IE my brother is turning 28 and being ordained this summer after 8 years in seminary. My youngest brother is 20. It woudlnt be entirely absurd to see a wider window, but its just uncommon), the number of youths eligible for marriage is incredibly low.[In fact, as of 2011, there were less than 600 people there total](http://www.vatican.va/news_services/press/documentazione/documents/sp_ss_scv/informazione_generale/cittadini-vaticani_en.html). Around 150 of them aren't in religious orders of any kind, 100 of which are effectively security, which leaves 50 individuals to deal with.Now there is certainly *potential* to be there. [According to their legislature](https://blogs.loc.gov/law/2012/07/the-current-legislation-on-citizenship-in-the-vatican-city-state/) spouses and children of citizens can acquire citizenship.  It just...doesnt seem to happen enough to be of any concern.The law is in place still because they copied Italy's laws way like a hundred years ago and there has absolutely no rush to change it.Also as far as I know criminal cases are tried by Italian courts *anyways*, so the only concern is for children marriages which, again, just...don't happen in the Vatican
That's traditionally how marriage laws were everywhere. I assume it has to do with the man being expected to be able to financially support the woman.
Probably a relict from a society where it was expected that boys went and learned a trade or got an education and were considered (barely but hey) self-sufficient men with 16, whereas girls and women were rarely considered to need to know more than housekeeping and baby production and thus could be on the market with the menarche. Could be even later for men. Men were defined by skills and profit, women by their bodies. 
Why isn't it, Why is it higher for guys?
Probably because puberty starts earlier for girls.
Snu snu!
This is Vault-Tec we're talking about. They probably had some rule that the killing of the panther would cause the death of the entire vault via nerve gas. The whole experiment would be to get humans and animals to co-exist peacefully.This in turn leads to the vault dwellers realizing that in less than a decade they would all die when the panther reaches old age, so they develop a way to clone it. All goes well for the first decade or so, people begin to have families, go about their business, etc. But each clone of the panther has a problem where the panther starts showing more aggression. Little things, like growling at its feeders, growing into attacks against the borders of it's cage/room whenever it sees someone. Then it starts getting bigger, growing larger fangs, longer and sharper claws, etc. It also starts getting more cunning. Then one day, during a routine feeding, it manages to escape it's enclosure and into the main vault population.The vault dwellers are desperate. They can't kill the panther, otherwise the vault will dispense a gas to kill them all. But one by one, over the course of years, the panther attacks and kills vault dwellers. They find respite in sealed off areas where they can try and survive for as long as possible until the panther breaks through to kill them. They develop an almost tribal society and begin to view the panther as a god. After 200 years they are finally wiped out by the panther who has grown massive in size and can bust through any walls.The vault dweller arrives at Vault 43 and finds a destroyed vault but is stalked constantly by a very hungry panther. After an intense chase and battle, the vault dweller finally kills the mutated panther and the nerve gas harmlessly disperses, rendered ineffective after 200 years of inactivity. The vault dweller finds the panther cloning facility and discovers several canisters labeled FEV, while the overseers computer reveals that the real project of Vault 43 was to test the effects of FEV on a large predator that would be capable of taking orders and be more lethal.After all, the vaults were never meant to save anyone.
yeah, im not a biologitst but species of animals have been saved from just 20 individuals and less, surely humans can do it right?Maybe the gender ratio is a problem though what do i know.
Well they certainly have a better gene pool than the bible's 1:1.
Wasn't it though?
But for real it had to be. 
\\\_()_
u/SheWitnessedMe is into the underground songs
Touch sir.
This ain't a scene
This ain't a scene!
He done goofed
/r/Hegonedunthemath 
I never though I'd die this way... but I'd always kind of hoped!
Amazing, that really sounded like it could happen in one of the games, if we never see this vault and get to fight a mutated panther i'm going to be sad.
Great stuff!
IIRC if diverse enough, 21 people (20 women, 1 man) is more or less enough to save humanity without serious effects. 1000 people should have enough genetic diversity to ensure survival. 
??
No he's referring to the creators and manufacturers of the glass cups intended to store small quantities of alcohol
I don't think it was. If you try and look at each individual glass it looks innocent enough.
[yes I am](https://youtu.be/S_JUlXh7sP8)
/r/Theygonedundidthemathyall
Many fathers as opposed to one pair of one mother and one father.
It wasn't?
That's the point. 
If you have a PS4, I'd suggest getting Kingdom Hearts 1.5+2.5, coming out in March, for it. It comes with almost every game in the series for $50 (that price will probably drop over time). If you have a PS3, you can get 1.5 and 2.5 separate and play them all there. Also, have fun!!!! don't forget to pick shield and play on the hardest modeI'm totally not from SE trying to get a profit......
Awesome! Enjoy!
I don't know about the games but that is a good beer you got there
hey, im in the middle of making the same journey myself, might i suggest getting a ps3 and getting 1.5 and 2.5? 1.5 comes with Kingdom hearts final mix, chain of memories, and 358. Chain is actually very important to the story as it links up 1 and 2. 358 is a prequel of sorts that came out after 2, but i still think you should play 2 first even though 358 comes in 1.5. 2.5 contains Kingdom hearts 2, Birth by sleep, and coded. Ive heard that coded sucks, but its still possibly important story content, and birth by sleep is a must play. I got both game collections and a used ps3 for less than 150$ on amazon, i highly suggest you do the same if you want to really get into the series
so what does the hdmi do?
That intro song though
Just try not to lose to Riku in KH1.Or if you do, find a good book or something.  You're going to be there a while.
I played the first kingdom hearts. I rented it from blockbuster and was super excited. I didn't have a memory card so every time it was time Togo to bed I lost everything and every day I'd play the same part again, over and over and over.
Damn, you're going crazy for a Saturday night! 
Have fun with the shitty controls in the first game. I replayed them a year or so ago and that was the hardest part.
Continues to be my favorite series, enjoy it. 
Loved the first one, but lost it (and the console) in an apartment fire.Wonder if I can get them for PC. I'm not going to buy a console just for a couple games... no matter how good they are.
Gonna wait until 1.5 and 2.5 come out since I don't have a ps2, but I'm very excited for it!
You are gonna know so many boss quotes by heart at the end of the journey 
I'd recommend getting 1.5 and 2.5 HD remix which is good if you own a ps3 and don't have a ps2 (like me). Have fun though!
good beer! cheers to both the games and beer!
My favorite action RPG of all time.
Diffenitly play silent hill 2 on that tell me how it works 
while you're still using a PS2, may I recommend any of the original 3 spyro games, or dark cloud.
Oh damn, flashbacks to holding the KHII case in my hand for the first time on my 9th?10th?11th? birthday. I didn't understand the concept of not getting the story without playing the first game, but damn I was so excited to play it
It was the camera, I remember it taking me a few hours to beat Ursala for that reason. Have a fun playthrough. Feel free to send me an update on it
shoulda gotten the remakes
Enjoy the adventure
Great choice in beer and games. I approve!
I am doing 2.8 Dream Drop Distance on the PS4 right now and i'll probably buy the HD remaster on the ps4 for 1.5 and 2.5 even tho I have them both on PS3, that is how good these game are.
you're gonna need more than that to tolerate the writing
Excellent choice with the Citradelic!And of course the games as well. I still play Kingdom Hearts 2 on my PS2 at least once a year. Although my PS2 is on it's last legs. I'll be sad when it finally kicks. It'll be like putting my dog down
You might want to play Re: Chain before playing KH2. 
Upvote for the Citradelic. As I sit and sip a Citradelic of my own.
I'm drinking the same beer now!! Cheers!
That converter is super cool! Enjoy your magical journey as well, the KH series is one of my most beloved! 
These are so good!! Enjoy
you're going to need so much more beer, man.
Are those samuel smith glasses popular? I have like 5 haha.
Ps2 to hdmi?! I've been for one of those for years! 
You genius man you
God's Speed My Friend.
I love that cup, the emblem at the bottom creates so much head in almost any beer 
Citradelic is a fantastic beer
A very needlessly complex journey you will not understand. You will have fun playing but by the end of two you will be like...What?
Awww! Have fun. I started the games not sure if I'd like them, and then I fell in love. :) I'm sure you'll love them too.
These two are the best in the series hands down. Wonderful games
I'm hard for you.
My money is on the beer running out first.
viral marketing campaign
Enjoy!
Hell yeah man, enjoy!
I don't have a ps2 anymore, so I just throw the game discs in my pc.  It's already connected to my tv and I can use whatever controller I want.  Just download pcsx2 and enjoy!At least until the HD remakes come out.  I just got done another FFX run recently.
Citradelic Fuck Yea
Love Citraldelic. Great choice OP! 
So true throwback here: does anyone else remember when PlayStation magazine had their little challenges? I had a free subscription to it and the issue essentially said this--Beat the game on expert in under 21 hours-Collect all trinities -All Ultima weapons -All Dalmatians Seriously, I struggled for weeks getting this. Then 11 year old me went hard in the mofucking paint on spring break. 19 hours PlayStation magazine. 19 MOFUCKING HOURS. 
Bless
Do it man!! And if you're in Colorado even better!!
I'm with u, I bought the ps3 remastered ones tho
Where da blunt at?
WHEN YOU WALK AWAY
Excellent beer choice! 
Check out the Citradelic Lime if you like the Citradelic. It isn't Citradelic with lime it's just a really good Lime Ale. 
Citradelic, nice choice!
... of confusion.
Hey you got the two games in that series that are decent. I'm playing through 2 for my first time right now and it's waaaay better than the first. 
Yeah ya are
NB Citradellic. +1
According to Wikipedia,  the Hepburn translation of the original Japanese title is Kingudamu Htsu which i find pretty funny.  Anyway, great games.  Remember playing though them with an old friend back in the days.
Did you just put a fruit beer Ina Sam Smith glass?!
Have you never played Kingdom Hearts I and II?If so, I'm extremely jealous of you getting to experience them for the first time.
Final mix. :(
Add a joint to the mix and you're set.
Amazing Games
Kingdom Hearts is one of those games I've been told about time and time again and I'd love to get into.And then I realize there are like six thousand games in this series that aren't named in any logical order and it's a complete clusterfuck.
KINGDOM HEARTS
I purchased one of those ps2 to hdmi converters and it didn't work. 
Are you going on this epic journey on your own? My guess would be yes...
I tried playing this back during that game generation... anyone who claims graphics don't matter are very, very wrong. Oh god the aliasing...I still have nightmares about it.
You're going to need more beer... for the journey is long and the night is dark. And some pepperoni pizza... and a bathroom break... and another bathroom break... at least 5 bathroom breaks... for the journey is long and the bladder is small... and some potato chips... and some milk... and some cookies... for the journey is long and some simple delights higher the spirits to crush the enemies that stand in your path of justice and righteousness... and a sleeping bag... and a pillow... and a set of fresh pajamas... and clean underwear... for the journey is long and dirty underwear shouldn't suit anyone...P.S. I love those games. I'm eagerly awaiting KH3 but I won't lose hope or give up, because THE JOURNEY IS F@CKING LONG AND THE NIGHT IS F@CKING DARK.
dude. you are doing this all wrong and you don't have chain of memories with you.
KH 1 is probably one of my favorite games of all time - I still have yet to play the second. The first one has so many memorable moments and feels. Hope you enjoy! I always play nostalgic/old games with craft beer too haha. 
Upvote for the Stone coaster
If there's anything you're about to do, it's not to go on any journey. You're going to sit on your fat ass and not move a muscle while you suck down snacks for hours. Welcome to gaming, the non-sport for fat asses who don't get out much. 
Citradelic is my jam, voodoo by nb is also legit 
This is me. This is my life. Come with me on my stupid fucking journey.
So many good memories with Kingdom Hearts. I remember not having a memory card back in the day, and I would leave my PS2 on for days beating these games. Nothing hurt more than my mom turning it off while vacuuming one morning. 
Meh. I wish it was more traipsing through Disney world's without all the Final Fantasy drama. Everything's at stake! We gotta save Kairi! Or else! C'mon man, I got Donald and Goofy in my party, chill the fuck out.
Soooo...  When do these come to PC again?
#SORA  #DONALD  #GOOFY  #IN. THAT. ORDER.
Currently doing the same, though I stupidly decided to use pcsx2 to emulate it to I can run it above 1400p. Surprisngly good looking game when you upscale it. [http://imgur.com/a/PkSk6](http://imgur.com/a/PkSk6)
They're not that good, sorry.
If only you could have emulated those games on PC and had a vastly superior experience. Oh wait...
The main attraction of that bundle is  KINGDOM HEARTS IN 60 FPS HOLY SHIT!!! Otherwise I wouldn't bother with that ps4 since I already played through them both on PS3 version, KH gonna look sexy as fuck with twice the frames.
~~What games does 1.5+2.5 ps4 not come with?~~From Amazon: KINGDOM HEARTS HD 1.5 +2.5 ReMIX includes: KINGDOM HEARTS Final Mix (KH1) KINGDOM HEARTS Re:Chain of MEMORIES (DS game) KINGDOM HEARTS 358/2 Days (DS game)  KINGDOM HEARTS II Final Mix (KH2)  KINGDOM HEARTS Birth by Sleep Final MIX (PSP game) KINGDOM HEARTS Re:coded (DS game) ______________________________________Then it looks like 2.8 is just dream drop distance (threeds game) on the ps4.    
Literally can't wait for 1.5+2.5 to come out on PS4. 
I don't get the shield and hardest mode reference; Its been a while. Why choose that?
Any idea if it comes with the new aqua chapter?
TIL! I never played these, this is great news! 
Basically, buy the HD remastered collections. They aren't too expensive. 
Never played Kingdom Hearts but own a PS4 now... is 1.5/2.5 the original 1 and 2 but improved? Is the gameplay still really fun?
Should I get this bundle if I've never played before. Really want to start from the beginning and play through.
Thanks! it's been a long time coming. 
Enjoy the games as well!
r/kingdomhearts would like to have a word with you. 
Love me some new Belgium.  Citradelic is some good stuff
Have you tried the lime version of it. Even better in my opinion.
Boo IPAs boo.
Actually I've seen that the PS3 remasters are in some cases WORSE than the originals due to bugs and crashes. Like the final boss being bugged on KH2.5. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1zC_HMTRWFUI would still recommend holding out for the ps4 collection. This is intended to be their final release of the games so they won't use a 2 man team this time.
Hello, I am from r/kingdomhearts , I would like to talk about joining our sub.....
It's an converter so I could play ps2 games on my 55in flatscreen in hdmi, my tv doesn't have an AV output so I had to pick this one up.  Have to say works so smooth. Only flaw is ps games won't work for some reason, just ps2 
If I'm correct it allows the ps2 to display to an hdmi cord
What I would give to have the soundtrack on vinyl. 
WHEN YOU WALK AWAY
At least you didn't have that experience with KH2...
Other than the camera (which WAS bad), what other aspect of the controls was shitty? It's almost the exact same control set as 0.2
You could emulate most of them. Just remember to emulate the final mix version of 2, it makes the game SOOOOO much better. Just need to find the translation patch
The original Spyro games were PS1 though.
Fun fact: Dark Cloud 2 was my first PS2 game. Loved that one.
Cheers!
This sounds pretty damn near impossible LOL
IS LIGHT
Who pissed in your breakfast this morning?
Man, why do people always bring this up? Sometimes people just want to play on the actual hardware
Not everyone has that as a viable option.
There are hacks for PCSX2 that can get 60fps, maybe even 120fps.
Considering the age of the games, I hope they actually manage to do it so that it does play at 60fps, but a man can only dream.
Re: Chain of Memories was originally a GBA game that was completely redone in 3D for PS2. It's not a DS game.Both versions are great.
2.8 also has it's own story where you play as Aqua. Granted, it is short, but I enjoyed it thoroughly.
Damn. Never played kingdom hearts but thats too good to pass up now
Are the DS games (Days and Coded) the actual games in the PS4 collection?  Cause the PS3 version is just the cinematics.  
If it's a meme, I'm unaware.  As for actual reasons:Shield is just a really, really good choice.  +Shield-Sword in KH1 gives good starting stats and, more importantly, learns good abilities early (e.g. an early Guard, and iirc early Second Chance).  Similarly, shield gives good ability learning order in KH2.  Again, I want to say the main reason is Second Chance/Once More, though I could be wrong.As for the difficulty, the games are actually balanced really, really well in that nearly every option you get access to is worth using.  However, on lower difficulties there's no real reason to do that - you can just spam and win.  It's just a better gaming experience at higher difficulties.
It doesn't.
Don't forget about 1.5 and 2.5 PS4 edition in March
Great beer choice 
OH GOD THE MEMORIES!!!!When you walk away... you don't hear me say...PLEAAAASE OH BABY... DON'T GO.SIMPLE AND CLEAN IS THE WAY THAT YOU'RE MAKING ME FEEL TONIGHT.Its hard to let it go...OH GOD THE TEARS. I got so emotionally invested in KH... I lost it. Jesus christ 16 year old me didn't know what to do with herself. Enjoy that ridiculous emotional rollercoaster... 
They'll take a decade and too many confusing comments with multiple spin off comments to do it, but they'll do it. 
I don't think a whole community wants to have a word with a guy who never got to playing Kingdom Hearts in his lifetime
Have only had the tangerine
That's true, but the bugs and crashes are rather rare for casual players.  The guy in the video you linked is a prominent KH speedrunner, so he's played the living daylights out of them.  It's definitely an issue, but upgrading to the Final Mix versions of the games is definitely a worthwhile tradeoff, especially for KH2, and most people are going to get a Japanese PS2 copy of final mix.
Oh shit, that happened to me twice on the Final Boss of KHII. I thought maybe my disc was just scratched or something. Guess not. 
Id join the sub but im too scared of spoilers right now cuz im still playing through Chain of memories.
oh ok so does it bump up the resolution?
Ps2 has component output so ditch the converter and get a proper scart cable.
Ps1 games won't work with anyone but S-Video. Or standard AV. Component and HDMI conversion devices don't know how to handle the incoming signal. 
did you notice any delay? tempted to get one for me but i play a lot of fighting games.
Fun fact: The artist for the theme song is Japanese. She speaks Japanese and there is even a Japanese version of the song. It's kind of astounding when you realize how perfectly fluent she is in English with it not being her first language, let alone singing it and also being originally Japanese. I remember playing the shit out of these games when I was younger. The PS3 remixes are fantastic. Just purchased 2.8 Remix and can't wait to start. Have fun!!!
I wish there was a Skip the Roxas sequence when you start a new KH2 game.
I'm pretty sure that the gravity gets affected by that. Or at least I think that was the case with 2.
How about high resolution textures combined with 60 FPS and bonus anti-aliasing for good measure? That's enough to make any KH fan buy a ps4 and the full retail price of the collection.
The story gets a little long winded and complex, but they are damn good games. Especially if you grew up with Disney classics and Final Fantasy games.
Like the other user said, the story gets very convoluted the further your progress with the series. But the combat is very fun, the characters are likeable, and every game is something different. I would give it a shot if you like Disney and Final Fantasy.
>  It's just a better gaming experience at higher difficulties.How much grinding is involved at higher difficulties? The reason I ask is I had to go back and grind levels for an hour or two to get past this one boss in FFX (Sanctuary Keeper), and still it wasn't enough, turns out I wasn't countering his special attack correctly. (had no way to look up a guide back then)
Boooo. I want to play it but I don't want to buy 2.8 and then 1.5 and 2.5.  You can't get .8 separetly right?
Also 2.8 and 356/2 and 3D and 2.5 HD Ultra Remix Turbo Edition. Basically anything to remind you the series exists until 3 finally comes out.
Kingdom Hearts 2.858/2 Chain of Sleep ReMix Prologue 
Have fun!!! You can always just avoid posts that have a tag of a game you haven't played, but I totally get it if you don't want to yet
I couldn't fucking beat the dragon witch bitch.
It wouldn't bump the resolution because you can't make a PS2 output in a resolution it wasn't designed for, it just converse it into a HDMI. 
I'm not too sure on the specs but I've noticed a huge difference.I picked it up on amazon for 20$ It was definitely worth it 
According to [this video](https://youtu.be/H0J3ERZ3nTk) it is 480i. Some TVs have a hard time with that resolution through HDMI. I'd recommend component cables instead. Same picture quality for less. ($8 vs $20)Guy in video said component doesn't work for PS1 games but my PS2 Slim does play PS1 games through component cables.
They already answered your question, but kinda related, PS2 emulators on PC are now very good for most games. You can actually get HD resolution and a sharper image (I don't know the technical terms). But of course that would be if you're a PC gamer and somewhat savvy, and/or if you can have it connected to a TV. Worth checking out though.
I mean, an AMD 7970 from 2012 could emulate with those settings at 60+fps with no issues at all. I would know because I did it myself.Granted, if you already have a PS4, it'd be much easier to buy the bundle, but I'm not going to spend $350 just to replay the KH saga.
Well the PC has been capable of doing that for a long time, and pcsx2 is a emulating desgined for the PC. Although the KH remasters are more polished/updated. 
> That's enough to make any KH fan buy a ps4You're the type of person that makes real fans look bad. Fuck off.
Sigh, you people's willingness to pay full price for a decade and a half old game is just sad.
> The story gets a little long winded and complexThe story went off the rails midway through KH2, and then they added three more games on other platforms to make it even sillier. 
Can I just play 1 and 2? I played the first one as a kid. I thought it was pretty average, not bad, not good at the time. I'm thinking about picking up the PS4 collection to give it another shot before 3 comes out, but I don't really want to play a 6 game series if most of the content is in the main games. Or are they all main games?
The first couple of worlds you might have to do a bit of grinding, but after that there really shouldn't be a need to. 
No, 0.2 (the new Aqua chapter) is only in 2.8, which is separate from 1.5+2.5Two discs (or downloaded titles) 1.5+2.5 and 2.8 is the total summation of everything Kingdom Hearts so far, leading directly into KH3
The key to that fight is slow and steady, just dodge around until she goes for the rapid stomps and then go and get 1 - 2 air combos in, but dont be greedy. Its slow but effeciant, thats how i beat it on proud after some struggling
You can still upscale stuff to 1080p. Doesn't mean it looks prettier but it wouldn't be stuck at 480p.The PS3 does it. My stereo does it.
I just bought a PS2 and have a 4K TV. I have the components from the PS2 to the inputs on the back but the textures are really weird and hurt my eyes. Do they look natural on your TV? And are you running a 4K? 
PS2 has a setting for component cables, and you can play some of the games from later in the generation in widescreen. It's not HD, but it's a lot better than the normal RCA cables. 
Some PS1 games are encoded in such a way that they literally can't output anything that isn't AV S-Video. 
I won't acknowledge emulators since they are still technically considered illegal, and I for one stand for supporting Square Enix(and developers in general lol). The KH games are beautiful pieces of art and I will not mind paying for them again.
Can you infer on that? This is gonna be KH 1 and KH 2 with even more graphical improvements and double the framerate, so it's gonna be even more buttery smooth in combat, meaning that it's going to look like KH 0.2 and KH 3 in action. And I am a real KH fan, I loved the story just as much as you did and I felt the same emotions you did while playing the games on the PS3 re-release. Although I will admit I'm only getting the ps4 re-release for the 60 fps improvement which will drastically change the flow of combat for everyone.
Full price? It's $50 for 6 titles.
Man i've spent atleast over $100 buying RE4 over and over again. Great games will always be great games, they're experiences, not monotonous trudges. I actually barely played the KH games when they were re-released on the ps3, so I know it's not nostalgia, and I'll buy them again for their graphical updates. 60 FPS on an old KH game is going to be a crazy experience.
Well, it's less than full price (only $50, instead of the full $60), and you get remastered editions of 4 full games. Why is that sad?
It's not that it went off the rails, it is that they released them completely out of order. You usually don't have people who own all consoles and can play the games on demand.
Squenix tryna bleed the KH fans dry
I always wound up with one card left, trying to get one hit in and reloading the deck.
Yea, sorry that's what I meant. It technician scales it up, but you're just looking at a 1080 sized 480 picture. 
Emulators are completely legal. The way people obtain the games isn't. To play a ps2 emu you have to rip your ps2 bios. So yeah it's legal. You're using all material you purchased you just have to do the leg work of getting it digital.
You totally can't emulate using legitimate game copies you bought yourself /s
What a tool.
Isn't it more like 4 titles and 2 movies Frankensteined out of in-game cutscenes?
I guess you got me there, still you can probably pick up all 6 for way less than that 2nd hand, and they'll all look better emulated on a PC than their native consoles or a PS4.
Rationalize it all you want, $10 off or 4 games instead of 1, doesn't matter they're all very old games, over a decade. It's criminal to spend anything over $5 on them.
No, it absolutely went off the rails. I've played every game on that list and I am still very confused. I still couldn't explain to you why Ventus becomes Roxas and also Sora's Nobody and why restoring Roxas restores Sora and WHY IS EVERYONE EITHER NAMED XEHANORT BUT NOT ACTUALLY XEHANORT AND EVERYONE ELSE ENDS UP ACTUALLY BEING XEHANORT?
Garbage in is garbage out.
Technically, yes. Less frankensteined together, more Brand new cutscenes made specifically to tell the story of these games
They actually won't look better emulated. The textures are redone for HD, and the music is re-done with a full orchestra. The MIDI music in the originals actually sounds incredibly dated now. After playing the PS3 versions and going back, it's really hard. Also the text obviously looks better remastered than upscaled. And the PS4 Pro version supposedly does 4k, 60FPSBut yeah, just playing them upscaled on a PC is not a superior experience to a well-done remastering.Also, the remasters are the only way to play KH1 Final Mix in English. KH2 and KHBBS have english fan-patches for the Final Mix content (though they're a bit glitchy.)Emulation is SOMETIMES the best experience (Xenoblade Chronicles on Dolphin with the HD texture patches, for example) but not at all with the Kingdom Hearts titles.
Yeah, actually no. Some textures were repainted (clearly noticeable in 1 and BBS), the HUD isn't as pixelly, remastered orchestra, added english voices in some scenes. Also, 1 was retooled so the way it controlled wasn't quite as shit. And really, 4 games for $50 is worth it whether you can get the old copies or not, especially considering the bonus content that only japan ever got for the longest time.Really, only 358/2 Days and Coded should be emulated since they genuinely do look significantly better and weren't ported as games.
I mean, I haven't played all the games either, but it goes like this:Ven 'spliced' his heart to an unaware, younger Sora. Because of that, Vanitas, who is the Darkness personified of Ventus, looks like an older and more evil Sora. Further, due to Sora now having another 'heart' within him, Sora's Nobody, Roxas, takes entirely on Ventus' looks. You could say that when Sora was asleep, Roxas existed because Roxas 'took' half of Sora's heart, and when Roxas returned to Sora, Sora woke up and whatnot.And Xehanort is the original big baddy who reincarnated himself by possessing Terra. Then there is Ansem, the Heartless version of Xehanort.Xemnas is the Nobody version of Xehanort. 
That's my coding technique! 
Better than I thought, I guess, and since that's the case, it's of an even better value.
And my dieting technique!
11 years and still there am actually impressed. I leave flowers on my son and daughter's grave and they got stolen in a day.
:( 
I got smash bros 64 when it came out. I'm now 25 and me and my buddies from way back still meet up every now and then to play it. RIP to your boy, it makes me sad reading this. 
Next year bring a TV and an N64 and pop that baby in there. If it doesnt work, just blow on it.FFFF
damn ninja cutting onions. 
Probably still works too. Maybe a q tip and rubbing alcohol or something. (I KNOW YOU'RE NOT SUPPOSED TO DO THIS BUT IT WORKS)
I can't fathom losing my best friend. I'm sincerely sorry 
If I know anything about ghosts and n64, its that if you put that game in a counsel and play it... his spirit will come back to play as player2.
:(
:(
Fuck normally this sort of stuff doesn't get to me..
*salutes*
Rest&Smash
I'm so sorry for your loss man. <3
FFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFF
Prob still works, water can't kill n64 games
I know this could be a bit up in the air so to speak but I think if the good reason is there then you should do it. Next year you should take the game and see if it is playable then return it obviously but yeah 
Im a grave digger. People if you want something to stay on a grave glue/silicone it to the headstone or something heavy. I hate when I have to bin the memory things people leave around but the wind can send them anywhere. Sorry for your loss
Sorry for your loss, but I'm happy that you keep his memory alive and continue to visit his grave. 
>j ded. tim4karma!fixed your title.
I can't believe it either
I'm amazed it's still there
I'm sorry for your losses friend 
If it makes you better, it probably wasn't out of malice. Graveyards have employees actually picking up flowers and other items to keep the graves tidy. I am actually surprised OP's cart wasn't picked up by them.
how low does someone have to be to steal flowers from someone's grave?
Don't be sad, play as Red Kirby and honor his memory. I know I will. 
Thanks, enjoy it when you do get to play with your friends, I have some good memories of gaming with J.
I thought about taking an inverter and seeing if it would play. Yes blow on if and slide it all the way to the left usually fixes it
Freaking everywhere 
Nintendo put this on the back of the cartridges so they could sell their own Cleaning Kits and make more money. The cleaning kits were just q-tips and rubbing alcohol. You are supposed to do it.
The thing you aren't supposed to do is blow in them, because moisture from spit particles can corrode the contacts or even short them out.
You actually are supposed to clean it that way. Nintendo said not to because they wanted to sell cleaning kits with the exact same stuff in them.
Thanks, and much love to you and your kindness 
Now that would be awesome, I wouldn't mind so much getting drill kicked by Kirby after all these years
Thank you and much love to you 
You wild, I don't think I could bring myself to disturb the site 
I, too, know how it feels to be dead inside and get irritated by things that should not irritate a person of a normal, sound mind. PM me if you want to talk, I'm here for you fellow hallow.
So, Kirby Puckett in a Red Twins Uniform?
20 years later the warning labels are still successfully misleading people.
Yeah I understand that but the intentions aren't bad but I respect how you feel as I said it's a taboo sorta thing no doubt but people take and remove old stuff all the time and place other stuff in its place 
bring a portable tv n64 and try it on site  idk bringa smash copy incase  doesnt work or cant bring self to touch it still
premise flawed.because i get irritated by things that do/should(???) not irritate other people does not mean i am dead (like j, rip in piece be upon him) inside.
No just hold the right c direction when you Choose your Character on smash.
and b, because they don't get irritated by inane facebook circlejerks and social media sycophancy does not mean they are of sound mind.subpar, more like it.
[Me mashing the wrong button](http://i.imgur.com/0AatD2o.gifv)
Then fucking downvote it and move on bro. Let go.
a comment calling out the trash can potentially lead to circlejerks being voted out of the rising queue, so they don't make it to the frontpage.a single downvote means nothing.
and b, reddit is not facebook.on facebook, this holds true; if you see something that annoys you, move on. because facebook is that person's space, not yours.reddit is the internet, not a heavily gated social networking platform.the internet is for everybody.the second something has been submitted to the internet, it belongs to me and becomes my business and you will shut the fuck up with this omg u dun liek it dun l00k argument which makes zero fucking sense.
I don't have Facebook but I know you don't have to click stuff on your sacred forum you hold so dear. I hope you have a good night. Try not to lose sleep over the circle jerks that may occur while you are not on guard.
[removed]
I wonder how your mom felt when she realized a huge steaming turd came out of her instead of a half-decent baby
make sure your mother puts a videogame on your head and takes a picture for reddit karma.
It's OK bro, stay calm, they haven't noticed yet. You can let yourself down when they're gone, just hang tight lol
He built up his immunity to nooses by hanging himself every night. Now he's just playing dead until they drop him.
Very obviously a synth.
If you bump the corpse carriers they drop the body and it becomes a regular npc... I enjoyed unity (got it after it had been out a few months) except that you don't unlock a proper rifle until late in the game and the long gun weapon type is by far my favourite.
*When you just got hanged and forgot you left your computer unlocked and never cleared your history*
http://i.imgur.com/nwjECIh.gif
Same thing happens on GTA every now and again. When ever I see it I make sure to saturate the NPC with as many bullets as possible because I don't play that zombie shit. 
the good old coat hanger trick
*Record Scratch**Freeze Frame*Yup, that's me. You're probably wondering how I ended up in this situation 
His life is hard, he's just hanging in there
It's Ubisoft lol what do you expect?
Just a couple normal dudes hanging out.
Ubisoft can make dead men blink but they can't reliably give someone a face.
Didn't notice this was r/gaming, and I miss read it as Found a hanged man alive and very quiet on an air conditioning unit.
He's pretty well hung
Just a system glitch. Remember you are in a simulation.
r/me_irl
Immortal people problems. Sigh, got myself hanged again. Well you know the drill. Wait till they bury you then dig yourself out with the keister spoon. Christ, why do I always do this.
It's a sex thing.
Did I leave the stove on
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NcgmZmLks2Q
Hello darkness my old friend
Hes just thinking what am i doing with my life?
If I was that guy hanging, I would get bored and break character and start playing rock, paper, scissors with myself or humming 100 bottles of beer.
Shhhhh... I'm waiting until dark to sneak out of town.Hiding in plain sight?Not if you keep chattering, you hoodie-wearing, rooftop-jumping attention whore.  Scram!
this is great have a pickle
CUT! CUT! The damn extra blinked again!
Unity is actually a really good game, I feel like people didn't give it enough of a chance with all the glitches and bugs it had at launch, but once they were fixed it was actually pretty fun.
What are you doing there man?    Ah you know , just hanging out...
Doesn't this happen all the time to the highlander?
this is fine.
you okay dude?this is pretty unpleasanti don't see any hay below you... that fall will probably kill you.alright better leave me be
Hey if you miraculously survived being hanged you'd play dead too
In Dark Souls 3, right outside the Grand Archives, you can see a corpse lying there with a key on him that opens the area up. Except get close enough, and you can see he's just lying there quietly, blinking to himself in peace until you go away.I think he just got scared and decided to play dead so you'd do his job for him and kill all the monsters.
How few shits Ubisoft gave for this game really bothered me. It was right around that time that every game was coming out completely unfinished, and this was one of them. This game, along with the Master Chief Collection, is why I really raised my standards for what games I buy. I also don't buy games the day they come out anymore. I wait a few weeks and read reviews from actual gamers and from not companies that are not paid off by the publishers. 
r/me_irl
haha.Ubisoft
No you didn't, this was on here last week
r/thisismylifenow
Hang in there friend, its gonna be alright
People still play AC Unity? That the question we need to be asking. 
*freeze frame, record scratch* Yup that's me. You're probably wondering how I got into this situation...
Hmf...I guess he was a witch after all
Is it hanged? Or hung? Or just hang? I don't know. 
That games is so shitty it can't even hang people right.
Haven't played the game yet.Why is your name Ezio?
After this he turned to the camera, shrugged, and said It's a living!
The sad part is the framerate of the gif is the actual framerate you'll get in game as well. 
Game bullshit.
Ha
'This is my life now'
Literally 'gallows humour.'
Hang in there.
r/westworld
Just a prank bro - Houdini 
Why didnt you cut him down instead of zooming in on his face?  You cruel bastard!
can't get assassinated if you're already dead.
This reminds me of Nipton in Fallout NV
That lag
momma always said i had a strong neck
Just hangin around. Don't mind me. Maybe they will think I'm dead and leave me alone.
You might be wondering how I got in this situation.
He's well hung.
Blowing up my spot!
Ah, the ol' Doctor Parnassus technique.
OK, we have the platform all set up, and the guillotine assembled.Eh, let's just hang him from that lamp post.'What?  Couldn't you have decided that earlier?!  We spent all day setting this up, and now you're not even going to use it?
I thought this said that he was hanging on an AC unit and was starting to wonder what subreddit I was on.
He's just...hanging around 
r/thisismylifenow
He must have a thick neck. Tis a common trait in the Reynolds family.
For all the glitches I have ever seen come from Unity, I want to pick this game up for the comedy.  
Blink twice if you need help.
his life is hard, he's just hanging in there 
Dat framerate tho
 ubi will say it's a bug in the animus not the game
Someone should edit this to make him wink.
Smart man. That auto exotic axfixiation (can't spell so blah)  paid off. 
Now this... this is something to aspire to. 
IT WAS JUST A PRANK BRO!
lol wut
Monty Python: Tale of Assassins.
Shhh, I'm undercover.
/r/thisismylifenow
Magicians used to Survive a hanging by using a tube down the throat to keep the airways open. So. Magic. TAAAADAAAA
They hung him to see if he was a witch.He was.
Truman's Show?
Merely pretending bro 
After  30 minutes of Hang in their memes.
That guy is just a really big fan of Tuck Everlasting
Saudi arabia simulator
I wanna hang on this guy's level
Does anyone know how to enimoji this game? Any enimoji devs in this thread? I really want to see him nude and sexy as Fuck. 
I thought hanged was slang for big private parts, I think OP meant hung.
Always felt like Unity got shafted. The gameplay changes brought AC back to AC2 levels of fun imo. Stealth was an actual challenge somewhat and combat wasnt just chain counter 
His neck is just way too thick.
thanks, obisoft 
Just haaaangin' out.
TIE A CHAIR TO ME! TIE A CHAIR TO ME!
17 FPS
[/r/wtf](https://www.reddit.com/r/WTF/)
How has no one referenced The Ridiculous 6 yet lol
18th century performance artist.
The timing of the zoom is absolutely perfect! Wink!  
It's a highlander. 
AC7 will be about how Dracula was actually a Templar member using alien technology to keep himself and his minions alive in a undead state?
The hanging man was Jigsaw the whole time.
When your crippling anxiety prevents you from dying in public
Thought this was /r/watchpeopledie for a second. 
Obviously just taking the weight off his feet, shoes were not exactly blessed with the finest insoles back in the day.
Whatcha doing?Oh you know. Hanging out.
Literally unplayable 
/music plays
The long con.
When this game is over, someone cut me down!
as long as i don't move or breath they'll go away
Alternative facts. 
Literally unplayable 
WowThat guy is useless, he even failed at committing suicide
I read the What at the end in Lil' Jon's voice.
A bug in Assassin's Creed Unity? WTF? 
Nice place to hang around
How is this game? I see it for pretty cheap all the time. I've only played the Vita version (and that lasted all of an hour as it was a buggy mess when I played it) and am interested in giving this franchise a try. 
Does that mean Ezio's family never died?
Ubisofts new Dead but Really Mellow (DRM) technology.
Worst job ever
Shhhhh. He's resting. 
He's just hanging around.You know...To kill time.
after being hanged, there are phantom nerve actuations. This is no anomaly.
Hang in there bro. 
#ITS A CONSPIRACY
Why do I eat cereal when browing reddit? Only bad things can happen when I do.
AC games are awesome but so glitchy
This is fine
Wouldn't it technically be hung then?
This happened in AC1 too. After killing a few hundred soldiers i noticed they were all still blinking.
That's Wolverine when they accused him of being a witch.
Yo I'm dying laughing over here
Soon. 
[First thing i thought of.](https://youtu.be/Re457SbYWLs?t=67)
*Shooting stars by Bag Raiders starts playing* 
Man I really thought he was about to start talking when it zoomed in
How well does the game work now? I bought it when it came out and was absolutely repulsed by. I didn't bother downloading the patch-basically lost all my faith in Ubisoft at that point.
just hanging around
Ac Unity in a nutshell
Ubisoft. Literally unplayable.
Hangman stunt harness ftw.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_RX5U8WynX0
After finishing AC:Unity, I am so disappointed about the series that I played Syndicate for about an hour and quit, because I am afraid that it will have as shitty ending as Unity.
Just hanging around 
The ol' metal pipe down the breathing tubes trick.
Its Moriarty!
Blink once if you hate your life right now
No wonder the game had fps issues.
DOES ANYBODY THINK THE GUY LOOKS LIKE TYLER1??
Day 4: They still do not suspect that I am alive.
I am fucking rolling 
This is fine
his life is hard, he's just hanging in there 
The guy looks a lot like the Julian Casablancas' doll from the Instant Crush music video, anybody else? 
Ya done?
OP hasn't bought the hanging dead people DLC
This is such a good way to present this, have an upvote!
*hello darkness my old friend....*
I'm not dead yet.
r/thisismylifenow
Looks exactly like Luis Sera from Resi 4
hey bro, how it hanging. lol
Well done
This sucks. :l
Don't try to stop me! I lost all my money in a Ponzi scheme, I'm broke!
[doesn't matter, he's dead inside](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z-PZse_WLZs&list=PLGCR2xRdztJPjiWiVGiQho4GieOHNQ_9Y)
Hang tight lol
Day 3... they still think I'm dead. 
He's justHanging out
Mans is plotting their demise 
Average r/2meirl4meirl subscriber.
Never go in against a Sicilian when death is on the line [or rope].
Let's just call it what it is. This guy is obviously addicted to erotic asphyxiation. 
I genuinely want to see the crowd and executioner's reactions when they cut him down, he stands up, yells: FOOLED YOU! and runs away into the catacombs of Paris.
It didn't work for David Carradine.
/r/shittyaskscience
I kinda wonder if it's possible to build a resistence to hanging by making your neck incredibly strong. I know there are historical accounts of people surviving hanging but maybe those are due to poor technique on the part of thr executioner or gallows builder
He's actually just an assassin that kills people by giving them a heart attack when he pretends to come back to life.
That's something a synth would say. 
doesn't look like anything to me
Doesn't look like anything to me. 
How are we doin' on the hunt for Eddie's tapes?
Unity was one of my favorites. The location was great and the graphics were amazing. AC4 was a better built game overall, but Unity was leaps and bounds ahead of Syndicate. 
Stupid shit like this destroys the realism for me. It's all too serious and trying to be real then smt stupid and small like that ruins it
What the fuck. This means zombies exist in the AC universe?
Anyone who thinks poorly of Unity needs to watch [this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YixF6p7YVeU) video by StealthGamerBr - how the game is meant to be played.  
Ctrl-shift-n my dude 
His neck is just so thick
http://imgur.com/wX7omz4
It took me a second to find it, but I knew this comment would be here.His neck is so thick I feel likes he just gonna swing and dangle around for a really long time.
/r/retiredgif
MAGNUM DONG
I am a simple man, I see Sunny and I upvote.
where are there hanging people in GTA with their eyes open
good thinking
You schmuck. Do you really think I'd be stupid enough to killmyself?
That's funny, I know a different coat hanger trick.
What trick?
*PULL THE LEVER KRONK!*
I always upvote drake and josh
Dammit, the music started in my head.
source video?Every one of these threads requires scrolling through comments looking for the source.  It probably doesn't offer much benefit in this specific case, but it's nice to have.
If you pay $0.99 he dies.
More DRM!
you're right too bro
ah yes, ubisofts famous attention to detail. http://imgur.com/gallery/u9F4Got
If I were in Australia right now, I'd probably hang by the AC unit.
Obviously not too well if he's still alive 
This could be an excuse, Ubisoft blaming Abstergo programmers for not fixing Animus glitches
me too, thanks.
Ah fuck!I forgot the spoon!
Hold on let me finish
thx
What is your RPS win rate against yourself?
Is it weird I thought of Francis from L4D when you said bottles of beer? 
This really, really sucks
I was very hesitant in buying it after the messy and controversial release, but ended up enjoying it a lot. To me it offered more of what I like about AC than any AC game since Brotherhood. 
Vita version??
Absolutely! 
What kind of cereal do you got going on? I just had some Cinnamon Toast Crunch.
I picked it back up a couple weeks ago and it runs fine for me. If I remember correctly it kept crashing on me after release, but much better now.
A what?!? Those haven't even been invented yet!! trippy...
Tie a chair to me!
https://m.imgur.com/QEYP84Y?r
His neck is so thick!
His neck is so thick tho,i feel like he's gonna swing an dangle around for a really long time
Go for it go for it goooo! Gor for it go for it goooooo!
**WAKE ME UP**
Doesn't Dead, Matter Inside
Please do not let him pretty much being dead inside distract you from the fact that in 1998, The Undertaker threw Mankind off Hell In A Cell, and plummeted 16 ft through an announcer's table.
He's not quite dead yet.He's feeling better.
This is my life now
But on the outside he's ablaze and alive
[His life is hard, he's just hanging in there](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z-PZse_WLZs&list=PLGCR2xRdztJPjiWiVGiQho4GieOHNQ_9Y)
If I don't get water soon, they will be right.
I get it
/r/sexualasphyxiation
me too thanks
> doing anything to delay the sweet release of death I think you mean /r/absolutelynotmeirl
[deleted]
I just saw that movie for the first time this week, and this is the first reference to it I've ever seen that I recognized! Neat!
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA-
A long time ago, someone at my school hung himself in the shower trying to do that.The parents said it was a suicide to avoid embarrassing their family. 
The old blue-face blastoff.The strokey chokey.The funky Spider-Man.
That's how bill from Kill Bill died
You made my evening
and then dies because he got lost in the catacombs
Nor Tony, and he had that little flute. 
> TIL Mithridates VI was so paranoid of being poisoned that he took small doses throughout his life to build up an immunity. When he was finally captured by the Romans, he tried to kill himself with poison but failed because he was immune.https://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/3m8m4r/til_mithridates_vi_was_so_paranoid_of_being/
Hanging is supposed to break your neck, so there are probably muscle groups you could work but I doubt you'd be able to build enough muscle to keep you safe.   Even if you somehow survive the plunge, you're still going to choke to death too.   Lastly, every time I've heard it (mostly movies) it's been hang him from the neck until dead, so if you had to starve to death hanging there, you're eventually gonna die. 
If you really think about it, aren't we all just a little bit synth?
Only a synth deals in absolutes.
That's something a synth would say 
Theresa's death still has me shook. 
What makes it better than Syndicate? I enjoyed Syndicate way more. Loved the setting. 
Worst in the series to me, hands down. Bugs everywhere (even after updates), couldn't care about the characters at all, and so many features/skills removed for no reason so all I did was smoke bomb, stab stab stab. You can't pick up/hide bodies, can't whistle to get attention, the AI was borderline useless (seriously. I'd have someone stare me down in a secret dungeon whatever, I'd literally walk two steps back, they don't even bother to investigate). The ONLY thing I really liked was how they introduced (somewhere near the halfway point) the scouting mode or whatever where you see opportunities for distractions, doorways, etc. and can plan your approach. But even then, I felt no need to do it creatively half the time because I could sprint in, smoke bomb, and stab my way out. Visually unappealing too. No DR, so the city was blown out half the time. 
I feel Like assassin's creed is the type of series where everyone has a favorite and one is not really better than the others. Although we can all probably agree that ac1's gameplay was the worst.
If the noose isn't set tight enough or if the drop isn't far enough, it's very possible for the person's neck to not snap during hanging. This was a common problem for hanging children, because the weight of their tiny bodies falling didn't generate enough momentum to snap their necks. When this happened, they didn't cut the person down and try again, they'd allow the person to hang up there suffocating which can be a long process depending on how much their breathing was restricted. There are stories of children's hangings taking hours upon hours.So it's not at all unrealistic for someone to be hanging there alive, conscious, and in shock.Edit: A proper hanging kills instantly by severe spinal injuriy, if that fails you're likely to die in 10-15 minutes from strangulation... if that also fails then you will hang around suffocating in agony for as long as you're willing and able to keep fighting for breaths.
You'd hate mannequin racks in Skyrim. 
Remember, Farcry, Watchdogs, and Assassin's Creed all exist in the same universe. Indeed the tie between Watchdogs and Assassins Creed is undeniable considering in Watchdogs 1 you kill the CEO of Abstergo in a side mission, who in AC4 takes a trip to Chicago mid-game and never returns. Not to mention all the CT0S stuff around the office.
Virtual machine dude 
 
Perfect 
No where 
hes talking about npc's being dead, you dufus mccringleberry
I think that was a meat hook. Could be wrong. Guess I'll have to watch it for the millionth time to be sure.
I accept that, not my cup of tea but I'm fine with it
The source game is Assassin's Creed Unity
But, it's also included in the season pass!
Include me in the screenshot 
-- David Carradine
Well I'm pretty good, so I can only beat myself about 30% of the time.
He must mean AC Liberation on Vita. It is much better on PS3/xb360 or PC.
He got tricked by the founding father of Ponzi schemes.
They were called Pythagoras schemes back in the day dude. How hypotenuse can you be!?
His neck is so thick i feel like he's just going to swing and dangle around for a really long time 
Suicide is badass!
#Before you go go
When September ends 
Wake me up inside I can't wake up.
#Don't wake me up ~
Can't wake up
https://youtu.be/PU2oji-tD24
when it's all over. When I'm wiser and I'm older
Don't Dead Open Inside
I'm glad this is going places.
He'll be dead by Thursday. 
Probably didn't fall at breakneck speed. 
Tryn to make a change :-\
I'm just decoration now. They put christmas lights all around me and I think I see presents under me...
/r/sexualasfixingasians/r/sexualasspixienation
Me likey
You lied to me!
[r/autoeroticasphyxiation](https://youtu.be/MrFCuUBGmPQ)
r/attackofthefirenation
Have you seen world's greatest dad? Best movie with that premise ever.
unfortunately many families have to say that
How do you hang yourself in a shower?
I made that last one up myself 
He died because the loose rope he had around the neck got caught in a wall and he broke his neck.
He also built an immunity to catacombs.
Yes, but hanging yourself is not the same as poison.
so what you're saying is that it may be possible to survive the drop but it just makes the inevitable way worse
Honestly, back in the day they'd cut you down and try again. That, or jump on your shoulders until your neck broke. 
Thats something a synth would say
From my point of view The Institute is evil. 
Syndicate had constant name dropping. Maybe it was just because they were introducing the characters, but i kept thinking: THEY ARE TWINS WHY ARE THEY CALLING EACH OTHER BY THEIR FIRST AND LAST NAMES. Story was a little lackluster. When all the games are essenatially the same in terms of gameplay, they need more story. Even Unity had good framework for a story with the love interest being Templars and Assassin's respectively. But it dropped the ball too. The graphics were worse. I hate the you sound like your from LONDAHN type of talk. 
Yeah, just finished Syndicate and the story was pretty damn weak. Currently playing Unity and I love it. Love the combat and the brutality. The graphics and the animations are better than Syndicate.
Same, unity graphics are a lot better then syndicate which I don't get , but syndicate is more enjoyable overall, London is amazing 
It had some elements I really loved. The murder mysteries, although rudimentary and could have been more extensive, where a lot of fun. I loved how you could level up via clothing and weapons to fit your play style.But god damn, removing the whistling and picking up bodies pretty much ruins the game. The bodies is a hallmark of AC, and they just took it out for no reason. And then you have one of the best features of Black Flag, which they kept intact in Rogue, which is using the whistling as a better lure, And they just take that out entirely, too.It was disappointing as shit. As we're the team missions. Having to beat them three times in order to collect all the stupid clothing was dumb as fuck.
> You can't pick up/hide bodies, can't whistle to get attention, the AI was borderline useless (seriously. I'd have someone stare me down in a secret dungeon whatever, I'd literally walk two steps back, they don't even bother to investigate).I'm playing unity right now and who the fuck thought it was smart to take out the whistle mechanic, it frustrates the fuck outta me mostly because we aren't supposed to be a one man army anymore but ''real'' assassins, so many hiding spots that serve zero use. It's like they don't want you to play stealthy, I try to play full stealth every mission but fail time and time again because its simply not made possible.Aside from that I do enjoy the game, after getting bored with Rogue, the graphics I think are absolutly stunning, (even though I can't get more than 40fps) and the cutscenes look even better, and for the 40% I played, the story isn't too bad imo. 
FFS history is crazy, couldn't they come up with a different way to execute children? 
The weight of their tiny bodies falling Jesus Christ
[](/spikewhy)Why were they hanging children? :(
You'd think after an hour they'd let them down Okay fine you can live, jeez. Just let me get home in time for dinner
Bump them and they start walking around! 
How does far cry fit?
[deleted]
prinny dood
Found the middle schooler
Not with that attitude
Is he tho? Cause he said the same thing happens in GTA and the dude in the gif wasn't dead.
It was some pipes stuck together in an S shape. One end hung on the bars and the other end cradled his body.
me too, thanks.
Teach me your ways.
So it was a Templar plot all along.
It's a funnel system, not a pyramid scheme!
Ah yes, the eponymous founder of the Ponzi Scheme: Archduke Frederick Gregori Schem.
Ponzi *himself?*
Who lived in the 1920s, but who is to say he didn't have a ~~time~~ history reliving machine as well.
Probably for the rest of his life...
That's what it is.
Cause I'm not planning
DamnNot even /r/rocketleague has redirects like this one
Don't leave me hanging 'round like a yo-yo 
CANT WAKE UP
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vCB8F3WXzT8.   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pIgZ7gMze7A
*Gasoline fight!*
https://youtu.be/dybCYC0C7oM
I came here for Evernecense, was not disappointed
+1 for Amy Lee reference
The watermark url on that video just ties the entire thing together.
thatsthejoke.jpg
I'M NOT A MEME PERSON SIR AND YOU ARE REFUSING TO MEME FOR ME SO IN HANGING UP 
probably...
Triple disappointment from one comment thread.
What is this
Ugh, that movie. It's actually a decent enough movie, it just wasn't what I expected. My wife (then girlfriend at the time) and I watched that on Netflix not understanding that it wasn't the average Robin Williams comedy. Didn't exactly set the mood for us. Worst Netflix and Chill ever.
He tried masturbating while choking himself with the shower hose, he slipped and fell with it around his neck. It sounds pretty nasty.
You don't say? :)
Jumping on someone's shoulders after the drop to break their neck? Is that so?
All these damn NPCs with the same dialogue.

Probably me just being pedantic, but...That's not what name-dropping is.Name-dropping is when you casually mention someone's name in conversation in an attempt to show that you know them or have met them or whatever the case may be.It is not using someone's full name in a conversation where less than that would suffice. That is just being weird.
>[you sound like you're from LONDAHN](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P5nnhkr0cho)
>When all the games are essenatially the same in terms of gameplay, they need more story. And it's a shame because the trippy story is what had me hooked on the first 3 or 4. Black flag I played just for the pirates though. 
I felt like they improved a lot of stuff in syndicate, game play wise. The setting and story in unity were far better though. Black flag is probably my favorite as far as setting and story go. 
I've played through ac4, rogue and unity in the past some 4 months. I've started syndicate as well, but it feels strange to me. The hand to hand combat is probably my least favorite of all the games. It feels so floaty and weightless, almost sped up. Idk, its always been a stable of the series that the combat was relatively easy, but engaging enough to be fun. Unity spiced it up, and combat was a lot heavier and more brutal compared to previous games, and i really liked it that way. Putting unity and syndicate side to side, it'd look like Arno's wielding real heavy weapons, while the Fryes use whiffle bats. 
Unity wasn't so much buggy as over ambitious. They pushed the hardware too far and the game basically broke. Unity also didn't didn't have a dynamic time of day system, the baked lighting allowed for a more luscious lighting system. 
Different teams. I think Unity was the AC3 team and Syndicate was the AC4 team. Syndicate team probably saw how terribly Unity ran at the cost of better graphics and dialed things back, but that's just conjecture. I might also have the teams mixed up...
Or maybe just not execute children?
Sadly it was the only approved Christian method. 
I just want to know why the hell they were hanging children
Indeed.  Fortunately the fat kids of today are much easier to hang.
Being related to the wrong person, petty crimes, doing things that piss off nobility, etc
They sat too close to the TV
I find they moved around when I wasn't looking
In far cry 3 there is a little treasure hunt that references abstergo and the assassins. I forget exactly what it was, but you find a letter/report with the abstergo logo in a cave talking about Animus experiments i believeEDIT: Abstergo was looking for a piece of Eden on the island, and the place you find the abstergo reports was a straight up compound
I like when you talk dirty to me
you think adults are too mature for that? hah!found the high schooler. 
Don't tell my mom I'm here, please.
you cant fax glitter, ya ninny!
What?
It was a precursor Ponzi, a Scheme of Eden if you will.
Shut up, Dee! You stupid bird!
AKA the Ponz
Payyyee
that's what that is right there
Underrated fucking comment right here
on going solo
Nice one! Nice one!No problem
The only thing I can think of whenever I hear this song is the freak gasoline fight accident in Zoolander.
SAVE ME
>Evernecense
[Here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=czLYl4fM8yk) is the original Goofy version.And [here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tOsck7jYUsE) is one with dancing! And [Kingdom Hearts version](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kLqXrq5v5ns)!**Edit**: And [here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tJfJTtb3YBc) is Donald version (though the audio quality is quite bad)!
What the fuck did you just fucking say about me, you little bitch? Ill have you know I graduated top of my class in the Navy Seals, and Ive been involved in numerous secret raids on Al-Quaeda, and I have over 300 confirmed kills. I am trained in gorilla warfare and Im the top sniper in the entire US armed forces. You are nothing to me but just another target. I will wipe you the fuck out with precision the likes of which has never been seen before on this Earth, mark my fucking words. You think you can get away with saying that shit to me over the Internet? Think again, fucker. As we speak I am contacting my secret network of spies across the USA and your IP is being traced right now so you better prepare for the storm, maggot. The storm that wipes out the pathetic little thing you call your life. Youre fucking dead, kid. I can be anywhere, anytime, and I can kill you in over seven hundred ways, and thats just with my bare hands. Not only am I extensively trained in unarmed combat, but I have access to the entire arsenal of the United States Marine Corps and I will use it to its full extent to wipe your miserable ass off the face of the continent, you little shit. If only you could have known what unholy retribution your little clever comment was about to bring down upon you, maybe you would have held your fucking tongue. But you couldnt, you didnt, and now youre paying the price, you goddamn idiot. I will shit fury all over you and you will drown in it. Youre fucking dead, kiddo.
I'm so sorry. That was cruel of me./r/sexualassfistingstation
Reminds me of the time I had a girl over and she wanted to watch my favorite comedian, Doug Stanhope, with me. His newest special was on Netflix. Now her sister killed herself with pills, and one of stanhopes bits was talking in depth about how he helped his mother commit suicide by overdosing on her morphine pills. Was extremely awkward.
That's something a synth would say
That's something a synth would say
That's something a synth would say
That's something a synth would say
That's something a synth would say
That doesn't look like anything to me.
/r/totallynotrobots
That reminds me of this one time Robin Williams and I met this total loser who rambled on at length about how he knew everyone in Hollywood, like Robin Williams and I cared. 
Oh yeah I heard about that while I was having sex with Eartha Kitt in an airplane bathroom.
What he's talking about is a really lazy writing technique where you make characters call each other by their names constantly so the audience catches on. People in real life don't namedrop people in every sentence. You see it everywhere once you know about it, and it's pretty annoying.
Using a person's name in communications is somewhat culturally defined, I think. In american-derived media, for instance, the name goes into nearly every phrase directed to a person, even if it's tete-a-tete. They view it as being polite, I guess? Like, they display an ongoing awareness that they're talking with you and know your name.But, being russian, I find it really weird and, well, not off-puting exactly, but too forceful, like they're highlighting every line. And myself, I almost never use names, unless it's to get the attention of a distracted person or to reference him in the phrase directed to other people. It's not like invocation of the name is sacred or something, but it's a powerful conversational tool that should not be overused.
The only one I've played is Black Flag as I never really liked the idea of AC, even then I got it for free on Xbl, but goddamn is that game amazing. It's one of those games that's a so crazy it just might work type of thing. The one thing that I found most ironic about it is that the part that you would assume would be the most dull (sailing the sea to get to different locations) is arguably the most memorable parts about it because of how well done it was and how good the gameplay was. It was nice that the map was pretty huge and you had almost no restrictions with where you could go.
Now, I was interested in both but had been told Syndicate was better, and Unity was unplayable, so I went with Syndicate. Since I enjoy the ubisoft open world sandbox, I had a good time, but I always wondered if Unity was as bad as people said it was, at least nowadays.You think it's better?
Found the non-parent....
Lol nah. 
Listen... those kids HAD to go. We could have just figured out something better.
Send them off into the wilderness. 
Torture children instead 
You should play ck2
Unless the child also happens to be a witch.
For being poor.
Timmy didn't do dishes,  wet his bed and summoned Satan. 
Typically cause royalty didn't like them. Either they were a threat to the throne or they were a bastard child and therefore a potential future complication. There might also be rare instances of a kid being a murderer or something but for the most part it was political.
In the name of *god*.In other words, witchcraft accusations.
> Being related to the wrong personThis makes me sad. Poor kids didn't do anything and they end up suffering the worst...
It's not a bug it's a feature
Why do you think we have those expensive swabs?
Opening scene from the movie Goonies
BARS
The dankest timeline 
EEEEEEYYYYYYYYYY!!!
Wake me up
RIP George 
Really really ridiculously good looking. 
Orange mocha frappachino!
But that doesn't mean that you too can't not die in a freak gasoline fight accident.
https://youtu.be/czLYl4fM8yk?t=51
ill beat you in a thumb fight though
r/myfridaynight
As opposed to *non*-sexual ass fisting? 
Nothing like a bit of good ol' fun loving non-cynical doug stanhope to take someones mind off the death of a loved one. I'm not saying it's your fault that such an awful coincidence happened but its stanhope for crying out loud. Every single one of his specials has a suicide reference. 
Wait Ma, they found a cure!
All these damn NPCs with the same dialogue.
It's probably just a bug...
That's something a synth would say.
This is something synths would say
Some may call this junk.  Me, I call them treasures.
r/totallynotsynths
I'm so sorry for your loss. I loved Robin Williams. Me and my friend Matt Damon would always talk about how funny the guy was.
It came up naturally
Again, that's not what name-dropping is.
>In american-derived media, for instance, the name goes into nearly every phrase directed to a person, even if it's tete-a-tete. They view it as being polite, I guess?It has nothing to do with being polite, actually. It's just a screenwriting trick to remind the audience what the character's names are. Normal IRL conversations are like what you do. 
Do you watch *The Americans?* The Russian characters, whenever they do mention a name, always say the full first and last name. I've always wanted to ask a Russian speaker what was up with that.
I'm hoping beyond hope that they take Black Flag and cut out all the Assassin's Creed stuff and make a pirate game. I loved upgrading the ship, i just wish I could change ships, and maybe have a pirate fleet. 
I'd rate them about the same. They each have their pros and cons. Unity is the first in the series witv indoor areas and actual stealth mechanics. Which means that syndicate had the feedback from unity to improve on the system. I experienced more issues with grabbing random stuff while running arou d inside as Arno.Unity also suffers from the collectatron problem, and eeeeevery fucking thing you can pick up is slapped on the map, making it an absolute clusterfuck to look at (google ac:unity map). Syndicate is a lot cleaner in that regard.The setting is of course a big selli g point. France has, in my opinion, a lot more gorgeous architecture, and it's all quite nice.My own largest gripe about Unity was that even though they made a lot of new pretty cool animations for the freerunning, i had a lot of issues where, for example, i'd be hanging on a ledge pressing up to make Arno climb, and auddenly he' d jsut stop, and stare up, until i move him like a millimeter to the side. Story wise they're both just about ok. I might like Unity a tiny bit more just because of the assassin/templar relations. But he's as a character he got unbareably dull towards the end, he acts like a child and all the assassins treat him like one.Also, a note to syndicate, don't force me to watch big ben go DWAAAAAANG eeevery fucking time i start a mission. I shut down the game one time after a lengthy session because i was getti g tired of that shit. Bottom line for me is. If you like the ass creed, you'll probably like both unity and syndicate as well. 
Unity was terrible when it first came out, but they've fixed most of the bugs by now. Without the bugs, it's a good game.
Step 2) Don't not be poor
Goddamn it Aventus Aretino, not again! 
I do enjoy it
When it's all over
When September ends
Before you go go
A model, idiot.
WHY HAVE YOU DONE THIS TO MEEEE!!??!?!?!
Come visit us at r/platonicassfisting
r/ExtensiveProstateExam
/r/impactedcolons
Yeah but it was just much more specific and expanded upon. Very awkward.
That's something a synth would say.
 no, it's a feature
Only a synth would accuse another synth of being a synth 
That's something a synth would say
I'm *sworn* to carry your *burdens*
The pope and I were hit pretty hard by the news. 
Never heard of both *The Americans* and this way of naming. The choice of name forms is mostly the same: surname in official setting (e.g. private Johnson reporting, or old Miller is acting up again), name in personal setting, and both parts in, erm, bureaucratical context only, probably.There are two important distinctions however. First, there are two forms of the pronoun 'you', single and plural ('' and '' correspondingly), and BOTH can be used when speaking to an individual. The second one is more official form, used in polite communictation with almost everybody except close friends and underlings. Hence the turn of phrase '  ' ('start being on *close-you-pronoun* terms') with somebody, i.e. to become more closely aquainted.Second distinction is the presence of patronymic. Unlike second name in american tradition, literally everyone has it. So, the go-to reverend way of calling elders, superiors etc, is first name and patronymic (e.g. Ivan Israilevich or some such). Which is usually combined with 'official you' pronoun, but there's some liberty in this regard depending on the context.
There was that fleet minigame that felt like it came straight out of a mobile game. Not exactly what you meant but still a fleet.
Thanks for the info. I just recall the story in Syndicate being somewhat disjointed, and the end being SOOOOOOOO fucking cringe.I mean, the whole story was pretty cringe. The writing has REALLY gone downhill since...Well...AC Brotherhood was the last one I remember being really invested in the story of. AC4 was interesting and I was really into how it connected to Watchdogs, and I kinda loved that pretty much the entire game you WEREN'T an assassin, you were just a pirate doing pirate things.
I think that cinches it. Next time I see it on like, a really cheap sale, I'll get it.
When I'm wiser and I'm older
I've got things to do
If you like pina coladas
I don't wanna miss it when you hit that high.
It's non-sexual and silly!
All these damn NPCs with the same dialogue.
that's something a synth would say. 
That's something a synth would say.
Dave?
Ya it's actually probably one of the best ac games imo, it was saved from being horrible back when it was broken just cuz of the story but now that it works it's actually got fantastic gameplay. 
INSIDE!!!!! Oh, wrong song.
Wake me up
All this time I was finding myself
Getting caught in the rain
It's 5 o'clock somewhere
When you hit that HIIIiGGGHHHH. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah 
That's something a synth would say.
That's say a something would synth.
I mean, even when I was comparing Unity and Syndicate, it looked a lot funner, like there was more too it and Syndicate was more stripped down. I was especially interested in the weapon options, as there were basically none in Syndicate. Oh, a cane, a machete, or brass knuckles? How *yawn* interesting *snore snore* where in Unity I've seen Swords, axes, I've seen a halbred, and even a rifle.That seems much more interesting.
Those ragdolls yo.
According to the Geneva convention it is illegal to shoot soft targets with the big gun on a tank. It doesn't say anything about smacking them with the barrel though.
I'm just imagining X Gon Give it to ya playing while I watch this
Savage repost 
Feels so much more rewarding than actually shooting them 
Grand Theft Repost
Graphics are impressive 
the slo-mo makes it look 10x better.
r/hitboxporn
When the cannon smacked that cop 
I love that he got better at it as time went on. He's learning.
http://karmadecay.com/r/gaming/comments/5tf72g/savage/Can't tell which one of these is the original but the post by Adam surely isn't
This is all I needed to see today, thanks internets
When you have to bitch slap someone *just* right
Not just a repost.  A repost with the most basic fucking headline on earth tacked to it!
This feels like it would be a TV show in a GTA game. 
Repost
Welcome to Jackass
Is this on PC? This looks amazing 
Source?
This made me laugh as fuck! Thank you
It just kept getting better with each hit 
Want a compilation of this.
What game is this?
Jesus christ thats Jason Bourne
thats gonna leave a mark 
Such a rough way to go 
The best
No. That's a Rhino.
All video game lamp post are held down with gum. 
I don't normally enjoy gaming gifs but I found that oddly satisfying.
The last one should've went through the windshield and out the back lol 
I think the tank is pretty asalty
Cannonbarrel is best melee weapon.
I was totally expecting Thug life on the 2nd one
I would watch this all day. 
Savage AF
Oh Shit!That was intense
Sit
Whaaaa
HOOOOOOOOOME RUUUN!!!!!
Reminds me of MXRs GTA mods  intro
How they record that in game ml 
>Savage.You mean Old.
You rang?
Gta
thats gonna leave a mark 
I didnt know another fast and furious trailer came out already
You guys will be glad to know that those modern decorate lights are usually made of fiberglass so the second lady was probably fine from the poll hitting her.
brutal
Don't care how many times this is reposted, will always upvote.
tank...you... 
i cant wait til i get my tank
That's the best thing I've seen all day. 
That quality thoo
This song just plays in my head when I see this. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gAYL5H46QnQ
Driver used to be an elephant
Meanwhile, Sylvester Stallone is speedily writing this into The Expendables 4.
Exactly why I bought a tank.
Rip chop chop train T_T
shots... not fired 
With how paper-thin and frail the tanks are, I'm surprised it isn't smoking after hitting one person.
No more slow motion. Bad.
I haven't laughed like this in a while!! Thanks
BAH-GAWD!! BAH-GAWD!! IT WAS A CLOTHESLINE FROM HELL KING!!
[Sombody should add this for the soundtrack](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iTKj_Vd5_Bk)
Lariatooooooooooo!
This is beautiful. 
Second guy got absolutely fucked.
LARIATOOOOO!!!
I'm Johnny Knoxville, and this is Turret's Syndrome.
Reminds me of a scene in jw2
How do they capture such cinematic in game footage?
I read best bat is Tank barrel in a Russian accent. 
You know, if you tie a giant axe to that thing that sticks out, I think that will be a more effective weapon. I mean, bludgeoning things is fine and all but it's kind of played out. But who knows what future generation might improve on that club thing, maybe mount a giant crossbow for a ranged attack.
This is the 1st time a tank make me laugh my ass off XD
Nice one!
Hahaha that lady that got hit by the tank, then round 2 by the lamppost. 
I wanna play this so baaaad
Nice save!
I see people post these, and I remember how much fun this game is. Turn it on, give it a spin. Remember that on PC I still have to redo everything - because you can't port that from PS3. Okay, log on online. Oh, that's right, online is a pay-to-play hackfest. Le sigh.
I really wish this was a thing is Halo also. 
That is somewhat satisfying 
am I the only one who thought it was real life for the first few seconds
This is how it is to walk around swinging this big d down the street.
When u realize gta is only 8 year olds now 
I've never got gold
XD
savage repost
/u/aventador75 watch the whole thing lol 
This is definately me when I'm driving
Downvoted for game not in title. 
Savage? Turning the tank's gun is savage now? Ok.Also this is like the 100th time this has been reposted.
gilded, really?
Only on r/gaming would this sort of gilding occur.
I dare you to do it again...
Is this because of some kind of ragdoll mod?
Is the promotion still on?
whas going on here?
Penis
That gold yo.
Nobody buy me gold. Haha, they missed me .
CHUGA CHUGA CHOO CHOO, where's my gold?
Someone needs to tell that to the ACVs in The Phantom Pain.
That's not in the Geneva convention.
Where in the GC does it say this???
Very true.
Isn't intentionally killing civilians always illegal though?
The Geneva conventions don't say anything like that
err....no it isn't. Google M1028 there's still shells produced that are designed to kill infantry.
[Here ya go (:](https://youtu.be/rHNMeQ_4BeY)
lol i was picturing that too
Dirty.
Or just running 'em over.
My brother and I spent an inordinate amount of time pushing pedestrians down the stairs in GTA IV
This gets reposted every month... I'm amazed it's still getting this much attention.
That entire subreddit should basically put counterstrike AWP kills.  Cause it seems like your hitbox expands 5x when your shot by that crap
https://www.reddit.com/r/GrandTheftAutoV/comments/4j6pjw/best_bat_is_tank_barrel/This was the original. Posted by me, created by me, from clips from a YouTube video by me. Adam xposted it without linking the original, now everyone thinks his was the original.
This has to be the most reposted shit in all reddit.
The SALT is real. 
Definitely, can you even set a controller to a sensitivity high enough to swing that fast?
Grand Theft Tanko
Nope buddy. Meant Savage. Read the title! 
Here he is. 
ALL ABOARD THE GOLD TRAIN 
Damnit, I'm 8 hours late again. To be honest it's just gold though! =p
Hey, just let it happen
I think a league of legends post still has the record with 432
Who said Snake was a soft target?
It doesn't.  Total myth.
Soft targets are civilians. 
You synced the again part perfectly. God.
Omg. This is amazing. The song completely makes the video.
Thanks Kevin.
[That's GOLD Jerry! GOLD!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CF7OnW4XDck)
Amazing. 
And more gold
Or getting them to try and fight you after calling the police so when the police show up, they arrest them.
*whoosh*
[deleted]
STOP
Choo choo! 
RAGDOLL
One guy has a good comment and gets gilded, then this guy starts a gold train and all the people lose their minds
ON THE REPOST RAIL
I'm always late to the station 
Well, I'm late, but trains sometimes are delayed :-)
Yeah, have you seen how toned that ass is? Those glutes could block a railgun shot.
Yeah, thought so, otherwise Abrams tanks wouldn't carry canister...
is it even a myth? to me a myth implies that it is known to large numbers of people and for some time. i think that guy just made that up on the spot.
I noticed that after it was posted and got a chuckle myself.
Also steel when the lightpost smacks the second chick. 
a youtube video by me lmao.
what the actual fuck is happening here?
BROJOB BROJOB
Chugga chugga
I'm just surprised it actually worked 
The [Ass Effect](https://i.reddituploads.com/7558ca579eb64131a76ce96c01bb96a6?fit=max&h=1536&w=1536&s=031a2f941ca6235029077ad86b328fe8) is strong with Snake.
OMG thank you. This just made my afternoon!
None for you. 
Bullshit is happening here
I don't know but I like it!
just wow
Figured the clock going past noon would have already done that for you.
Wrong.
pls gild
Fuck, I was too late for the train!
in all the gold spam nobody will see that im gay
Will you teach me to guilded
Thanks smart-ass! Made my night! 
One gild and i'll hang myself.Edit: My first reddit gold and all I had to do was kill myself, thanks!
How do you miss the train but someone who comes after you catches it? I don't get that. 
Not worthy
I'll join you in the little black area where no gold was rewarded. 
Can I get to spite him?
Wrong time right place fella.
lol  
How many times have you refreshed to see if you have one yet?
Haha, someone missed the gold train!
You got skipped.
you got fucked 
Op pls
One gild and I'll hang him.
No bamboozles!
Pics or it didn't happen
You got the last one
If he is dead do I get his gold now?
All these people trying for gold LOL.(furiously prays)
God damnit why do i always miss this shit!!
Greedy bums.
Why am I always late for this stuff?
Say hey to beetlejuice for meh
I gild and ill keep living
What in the Sam hell is going on here?!?!? 
Hey can anybody get in on this?
So Bill Gates is reading this thread... Good to know. 
I want gold too!
Uh, gold?
Something something gold
Fuck, seems I missed the promotion
And I though the gold train is gonna keep going
[Shia](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZXsQAXx_ao0) has a few words for you.
No need to gild me, I'm already well hung.
No balls
You won't be bamboozling me. One gold and I'll bamboozle myself. 
RIP /u/Psychosmurf43. He didn't get the gold
One more and I'll find that guy
Pics or it didn't happen.^^No ^^bamboozles.
one hang and i'll good myself
Whip it out.... the gold ticket, that is! 
Edit: Thanks for the gold!
RIGP - Rest In Gilded Pieces
I'm already well hung enough, but I'll take gold 
Hahaha shiiittaki mushrooms 
What the hell is this phenomenon. 
Missed another train... this time only 12 hours late
r/jesuschristreddit
You didn't. Now you cant say that anymore though. 
sometimes they gild you just to fucking piss you off about how stupid your post is, but somehow got gilded.
Sometimes they leave people out or pick posts that seem like they wouldn't get gilded just to... piss people off or confuse them I guess. That or they just hate me. Either one works.
Can i have goldz please? Hehe
You go, glenn coco. 
We'll look at you haha. Watching this has been the most fun I've had on the internet since November 8th, no shit. Haha amazing.
poop poop
Just remembered this actually, because of all the replies.
Yes, woe is me, I was not gilded on reddit. Time to go kill myself, right?
Why does this happen?
Rip dude
Oh please someone gild him so I don't have to do this on my own.
Cause you're not cool enough
I was hoping that wouldn't happen. I was going to put that in the comment, but that would just increased my chances of being gilded. 
But I did
Oh. I didn't know my post was stupid. Well that sucks. Now it just feels like gold-plated instead of actually gold. 
I know how you feel. Well, I used to! ^^^^Haha. Sorry. 
Well*, thanks! 
That's really impressive. What's the reasoning behind the layering? Is there some kind of image mapping being used to lay out the textures and filters?
And some people have computers capable of doing that 144 times per second
Is this the reason why it's so good performance wise
That's my frame rate right there
Red filter last lol
Makes sense why it runs so damn well and looks amazing at the same time. Doom is a very fast and pretty game, stellar. 
Wow it's so fast that you can't see the pencil.
Knowing my computer does this over 140 times a second is pretty impressive.
I count 17 total steps for each frame. 17*144=2448 things computers can do per second.
It just blows my mind that my gpu is doing this *60 times a second* minimum!
I was hoping for an explanation of raycasting and BSP trees.
Does anyone else feel the game looks better without that red tint applied at the last step?
/r/bettereveryloop
This just finally made fps understandable in 10 sec. 
What's really impressive to me is knowing that this is happening every frame, every time an effect changes, faster than I can fathom to think... And it's still seamless when I play it.
If anyone (as I've seen others do in this thread) dislikes the red tint at the end; in settings you can change the rendering mode to gritty in video settings.
So, how hard is it to make it skip that last red layer?
Depth in stages- Another depth? DoF Masking perhapsEnvironment Texture / diffuseCharacter TexturesSpecular / ReflectionsLightingFog / VFX- The little lights at the side? / Decals / Self-illuminated objectsPost ProcessingUI
It draws in a very limited gif like colour pallet ;)You should link to the guys actual blog post its a great read.http://www.adriancourreges.com/blog/2016/09/09/doom-2016-graphics-study/
Very cool
Frame 11 made the gun look sick
It looks like a similar process to how frames in the original doom were rendered 
How can i make it render only the first 3?
I'm pretty sure John Carmack continued to assist with this game after he left.
My pc just stops at the 1st frame.
The Witcher 3 did pretty well also, but I had not a single stutter so far.
I love this game so much 
Damn. This makes me want to play Doom.
Does anybody know where I can find a gif like this, but for another game? I don't care which game, but preferably something from around the time of the original DooM.
I fucking love id software, innovators from the very start. It would have drove me crazy to work with founder John Romero and his strict weird rules in the early days, but damn if he doesn't know what he's doing. The guy has some voodoo insight and should be trusted. Check out his GDC [early days of id](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E2MIpi8pIvY)  talk, it's really really good--edit--originally posted wrong talk
100% science-based dragon mmo!
R/restofthefuckingowl
Totally saw pride rock at first 
hey, my Intel 420 HD graphics can do this better than your stupid nvidia pascal 1080
so, how long until someone does this for the original DOOM?
So this is why at the start of most levels the textures are missing?
I prefer it right before that last red layer 
wtf k?
So....cinematic! .30 FPS is bound to be the industry standard for consoles in the next generation! 
If you're up for a hefty read, this article describes the process for each of the frames.  http://www.adriancourreges.com/blog/2016/09/09/doom-2016-graphics-study/
An ELI5 explanation would be that the final image is rendered in stages. If you imagine painting someone's portrait, you wouldn't just grab a paintbrush and do it in one go. Your process might be something like this (I'm not an artist but you get the idea):- Sketch the outlines first in pencil to make sure the proportions and positioning of elements are correct- Go and shade the image to give you an idea of lighting and shadowing- Start with a base layer of paint to get the colours correct- Start painting in the fine details (keep doing iteratively until finished)- etcThe rendering pipeline for a game will follow a similar idea but obviously a different approach. A basic deferred renderer might do something like this:- Populate depth buffer (black and white image) so it knows which objects are in front of others. This will prevent overdraw where it will draw an object, then draw another over the top, wasting resources- Populate plain colour image, basically unlit and without any effects to a separate, reference image- Populate normal map (the angle of every surface) to another reference image- Start drawing the main image, using the colour image to pick a colour, and the normal map image to determine the shading of that surface- Start drawing in transparent elements like glass etc- Add effects like motion blurAgain this is grossly over simplified, but hopefully helps you understand why you had a black and white image, a greenish image, an unlit image and so on.
They bring in different layers that were made while constructing the game because it looks better. They'll have a perfect light box setup then have perfect shadow baking so the lights and darks really pop. Which is kind of the aesthetic of Doom due to its overall storyline. Not all games do it, in fact I'd wager most indie devs don't do it in general because it's so damn time consuming. If you look hard enough you'll see pure black areas which is pretty difficult to get to look good in any game engine Iv worked in (unity and unreal).
A lot of people do. DOOM is easily the best performing game I've ever played. i5 6600k and a 390 and I get 130-170 FPS on Ultra at 1080p. Its insane.Gears of War 4 is also incredibly optimized. I get similar frames in that game. Between DOOM and GoW4, these games have set a new standard for game performance with high visual fidelity. The Witcher 3 did pretty well also, but I couldn't get triple digit frames in that game on Ultra. Well over 60 though, which is very nice for a game like that.
I tried running Doom at 640x480 on the lowest settings, no AA. I got 10-15fps in narrow corridors and it looked arguably worse than the original Doom. That's how shit my setup is.I need a new rig :-(
Doom 3 ran surprisingly well for me many years ago. Better than I would have thought it should.  id really knows their tech. They have easily made some of the smoothest running games I've ever played over the years, and it's apparent they put a lot of thought and work into optimizations.
They don't do the entire thing 144 times a second. Some passes don't need to be done every frame, like (say) the flame glare calculations.
For those playing at home, 144FPS is equivalent to rendering all of this within a timeframe of 6.944ms. If it takes longer than that you get frame drops and jank.It amazes me that people are still struggling to get webpages to respond within 60fps (16.66ms) :-P
When the process is spelled out in steps like that, it blows my mind how a computer can do that process from start to finish PER FRAME. Broken down, a layman would struggle to believe an average computer is capable of re-rendering each individual frame like that. 
Used to play DOOM in 144hz. Now play on a ultrawide at 100hz. It's fucking amazing
My computer does this a couple times a minute.
Me do dat is gud.
A lot of times ppl seem to forget how absolutely fucking insane video game rendering is. A single frame of Pixar movies can take an hour to render, but for video games, to render at 60 fps, you only have 16.67ms to render a single frame.  To make matter worse, a Pixar rendering farm is loaded with hundreds of CPU and GPU that's worth hundres and thousand of dollars of custom hardware.  Video game needs to render on a hardware you can get for 249 from Walmart.
Yes, they essentially cut as many corners as they can by reusing resources, and various tricks so that expensive calculations are only done on pixels that need it and so on.A simple optimisation is the black and white image which is known as a depth buffer. Its job is to store the depth of each pixel (how far into the image a pixel is, with black being right in the camera's face and white being miles away). Now when it draws an enemy hiding behind a crate, it knows that only the top half of the enemy is visible, so it only does lighting calculations and motion blur for the top half.The goal is to make the GPU do as little as possible.
I really like the frame right before that too, without the red filter. Are there mods for DOOM? I wonder if you can remove the filter. That would be cool.
Op Metro all over again. 
It's doing even way more than that. It's also running scripts and calculations for the animations of everything on and off screen, in addition to the game logic keeping track of different stats and trigger events. It's really tens of thousands of steps happening every second.
That's just the task of the graphics card.  The rest of the machine has to do all the AI and other things running in the background.
There are way more than 17 drawcalls going on though. http://www.adriancourreges.com/blog/2016/09/09/doom-2016-graphics-study/This article mentions the number 1331draw calls. Basically that's one for each job you tell the GPU to render. And one draw call may draw several of the same objects. So that's a lot more than 17 things per frame.
Posted elsewhere in this thread: http://www.adriancourreges.com/blog/2016/09/09/doom-2016-graphics-study/
Your processors GHz number times a billion is roughly how many things it can do per second, no exaggeration. 
I think it's actually 20.  
You're in luck.http://www.adriancourreges.com/blog/2016/09/09/doom-2016-graphics-study/
Well....  this isn't as in depth as the other article I posted, but...https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zb6Eo1D6VW8
It does, yes, but that filter is only up when a gore nest is in the area. It will go away once you kill the nest.
Processors are pretty powerful these days.
The red filter only appears when you're near a gore nest. It's not there the rest of the game
This gif is of a single frame. Step 11*
All praise Carmack!
They have little snippets of the original DOOM levels in the game as Easter eggs.
1. I don't know the specs of your rig, but many can run this game at 60+. In fact, A LOT of people can because the game is so well optimized. 2. I just did a quick bit of research and have found that In fact, the consoles even manage to reach 60 in a lot of the game, only dipping in high intensity areas (lots of post processing in certain rooms, large draw distance area, lots of A.I to calculate)3. The average loading time for any givin level seems to be about 38 seconds on console. This can easily be made faster by a PC using a Solid state drive; and pushed even farther than that by upgrading to an NVME PCI Solid state drive.So in conclusion; your joke was not witty. It was not founded in even the most remote sense of fact. You're just an asshole that either doesn't know what you're talking about, or don't care to research what you're talking about. It took me but 5 seconds to find a video that displayed the frame-rates of the game on both consoles, and another 5 minutes to watch it to become properly informed. 
Am I retarded? Or is everyone else? I found this comment hilarious, why so many downvotes?
and here im sitting, programming shitty shootemups and pacman games, calling myself a gamedev without knowing anything about it.
I like this better than the 5-second gif. Thanks.
any TLDR explanations of it?
Holy cow that's a lot of shit going on. 
Amazing article. How on gods earth they managed to squeeze the scene down into less than 1500 draw calls while still rendering all that information. Blows my mind
Thank you. I feel like this will help me in my future endeavors.
No wonder you don't see a lot of mirrors/chrome and when you do they are always broken.  Great read, thanks for posting it.
I completely disagree with them about TAA, it makes it lose so much quality that it isn't even worth it.  Might as well be applying vaseline to the lens
Magic. Got it.
I'd never thought about the fact that a 3d engine would model the objects as planes then find norms to see where they're pointing. I mean, it makes perfect sense now that you've written it out, it just never occurred to me. Thanks!
Are you telling me it goes through that process from the beginning for *each frame*? So when a game runs at 120fps, it runs through that process *120* times for every single frame in that second? That's seems like such an unintuitive process. Surely there would be a way to just create the scene and just have it continue to exist until you stop looking at it. 
Yeah I've heard it's insanely well optimized, hopefully it'll continue the trend for new games and we can wait a little longer between upgrades haha
For Honor seems to be pretty nicely optimized as well, which is rare for a Ubisoft game. I get 80-90 FPS on a 4670 & 970 with everything on its highest settings. I'm used to Ubisoft games running at 40-50 on Ultra and 60-70 when removing stuff like HBAO, lowering shadows, LODs, etc. having For Honor look *damn good* with no compromises was pleasantly surprising.
DOOM has the benefit of being very close quarters though, TW3 has to render the open world with some pretty impressive draw distances, especially on ultra. 
Gears of War 4 is pretty optimizedGears of War Collection on the other hand... 
Ever played MGSV? The FOX engine is a goddamned work of art.
i have the same setup as you, what monitor are you using? 
Yeah, same here. Doom works just fine at 4K on this card. I have an i5-4690K, even, and it runs without any trouble. I don't have GoW4, though. The Witcher 3 runs well at 1080p, but if I go beyond that, it's just not the same.
Another one is Dead Space 3, it's insane how well it plays. Back when I had a shitty laptop I could easily get a steady 60fps. When I built my first gaming PC the counter was hitting around 300fps, now with my new build it hits nearly 700fps. I do have a 144hz monitor so I get to enjoy it at that speed though I'm tempted to instead opt for 4K because I think my latest build would get more use out of it.
What I find my impressive is that at 60 FPS there is no noticeable input lag that VSYNC usually creates and it carries over to online play.
I feel like Witcher 3's graphics quality is probably a bit higher on ultra than Gears 4 is though.  
I can also confirm it has incredibly good performance, which is rather impressive given many of the optimisation nightmares the past few years.
Doom and its derivatives have always been like this.  The original creators knew exactly what they were doing.
meanwhile minecraft is still running like a piece of shit..
Unreal Engine really is just a fantastic engine looks wise.  In the right hands some games can be so pretty and barely taxing.
it's honestly crazy, I have a 6700k and a gtx 1070 and with literally every setting on max 4k I still get 60 fps in fight scenes
Do you have a geforce 2?
What are you running? An Intel Pentium II and onboard graphics?
What're your specs?
Not sure if you're kidding or not
Now is a great time to build a new PC if that's what you're after. Just built a friend a G4560/GTX 1050 TI based system for $400 and it [runs DOOM at 70-100 fps.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iLLz5MNA3Uk)
John Carmack... The guy is a coding genius. I really hope iD can continue to put out quality products without him. Doom 2016 was a good start.
Yeah. I mean, the original Doom was just like that, too. It could be run on really slow computers, so you didn't have to buy a new one to play it.
Everybody forgets about RAGE. No game company is perfect but id tech 5 was terrible.
I always hate websites that have dropdown menus that run at like 10 fps, like why
It's amazing how far we've come in how short a time
So I'm a prospective monitor buyer rn. Since you've experienced both worlds, which did you prefer the most? I'm thinking of getting a 1440p 144hz monitor but I'm also looking at a 3440x1440
Shits wild
If you are describing deferred shading, it is really a common thing in modern engines. Apart from deferred shading, I bet they used much more sophisticated techniques for rendering. Doom games are always pioneers when it comes to this. For example Doom 3, they have used shadow volumes instead of very popular and very fast shadow mapping, but they've somehow managed to get better performance than the most of the games at that time.EDIT: Someone linked [this](http://www.adriancourreges.com/blog/2016/09/09/doom-2016-graphics-study/) article and I apologize for providing misleading info. They have used clustered forward rendering, not deferred/tiled deferred as I assumed. 
Just a correction: all deferred engines defer lighting calculations to only the visible pixels. It's not necessary to make a depth-only pass beforehand unless the g-buffer generation is heavy enough that it's actually worth the cost of iterating through the scene meshes a second time.
I think it sells rendering optimizations short to call them cutting corners
and now think about for a second, that this stuff gets translated into 1s and 0s, which are essentially pass through or get blocked states on a transistor. its really immense how far we've came
Why can't more games do this?
This started way back with the n64. Didn't it?
> The goal is to make the GPU do as little as possible.Isn't the GPU the one that's doing all that? It's not possible to pre-bake all that info.
Well, you can change the tone in the settings menu.
That red filter pretty much means there's a gore nest nearby (it's that orb thing in the image). As soon as you punch it, the red filter drops.
The filter is there because of the gore nest, it's not present during the entire game.
Yes I assure you thats exactly what you'll be thinking when the music is pumping pure hell smiting divine rage through your veins.
If you go even lower that number reaches billions
Per core, at the very least.
He's talking about the rendering of the original Doom, which used Raycasting, and the levels were broken into BSP trees (Binary Space Partition)
Can confirm. The game runs at 144fps maxed out on my 980 Ti. It's insanely well optimized. And with an SSD, the loading screens take about 5 seconds. =P
Since when do jokes have to be firmly rooted in reality? If somebody tells you A Priest, A Nun and a Car Salesmen walk into a bar.. Do you immediately demand the specific first and last names of the three individuals as well as the name and full address of the 'bar' that they are walking into in order for the joke to proceed? :P And yes it was a joke.
Don't worry, everyone loves shooter ups and pacman games! Keep up the good work!
There's 25+ years experience in 3D engine design that went into that implementation. Easy to stand on the shoulders of giants.
Here is the thing. Learning how to make an engine in C++, assembly, that was as good as the, id Tech 6; you would have teams of programmers work together to make the engine over years and years with revisions and years of research and R&D into it with millions of dollars in funding, and powerful PC's.What you are doing is using an engine to make a game with logic, based on assets that you ether buy, or make. You don't have a render farm, you don't have a team (probably), and you don't have funding from a huge company. I am sure with enough time you could, but that doesn't mean you are any less then them. You can get there one day. Just keep trying.
I wouldn't worry about it. I'm just a producer who orders people with talent around because I don't have any
You're only one person though. A huge team of artists, designers, and programmers do something on a scale this big. You're still a game dev, just on a little smaller scale I would imagine
Most programmers today don't understand how anything under the hood works, myself mostly included.
Honestly I would bet many Doom devs had no idea how the graphics engine worked. You're fine
I thought you might be interested in this, in case you never heard of it. Kinda related. Probably not the best link but you can search Foveated rendering.   http://www.roadtovr.com/nvidia-perceptually-based-foveated-rendering-research/
I'd definitely play a top down pacman like game where the invincible power ups are single bullets for a pistol and the ghosts are zombies. 
At least you're making games m8
One can be a good game developer without being able to write an insane engine.  Remember a large number of the games for the Atari 2600 were not written by a team.
At least you're starting realistically and not crowd funding a bunch of money to make a half-assed unity based survival game.
What do you think the original DOOM was?
The entire purpose of the computer science field and higher level languages is to bundle complex code into simple extensions that can be recombined into new software quickly and easily without knowing anything about the underlying code.  Without doing this the field cannot progress as there would be simply too much to learn before you could get to the good stuff.  As my boss says:  let's not reinvent the wheel.
Thank you for my husband
TL;DR: Instead of tracing every ray into a fully detailed, fully lit, textured world, the code 'cheats' by working hard to avoid spending GPU cycles on things that will ultimately not be visible on-screen.  The cheats are manifold and ingenious.
The gif is the TL;DR
Insane when you think how many times it happens per second.
TAA is one of the really controversial features that's being adopted by most AAA games. The ghosting bothers me more than the blurring. I do use a 1440p display so a bit of blurring isn't as bad as it is at 1080p.It's definitely worth it to me to reduce temporal artifacts, I hate shimmering, flickering, and crawling, much more than I am bothered by softness. Assassin's Creed black flag is the first game that made me appreciate TAA. The ropes and foliage look so much better when pixels aren't doing anything weird and sub pixel details actually get properly resolved.Also TAA tends to look worse in screen shots than it actually looks while playing the game. 
This guy's tutorials and books give a really good idea of some of how the simpler stuff works. Fun to read the 3D parts if you program and wonder how they do some of those effects.http://www.riemers.net/
You can't have lighting look right if you don't know the normal, so that's essential. You also need a normal to know whether or not a surface is facing the camera, as you don't want to spend time rendering the sides of objects facing away from the camera (see: backface culling).The normals are also influenced by textures called 'normal maps' which allow the game to fake correct lighting on objects where details are only a part of the texture and not actually 3D (brick walls, ripples on clothing, etc) by representing the direction of a surface using the three RGB colour channels as a vector.
120 frames per second means this process occurs 120 times each second. In some ways, the scene is created, and, like you suggest, continues to exist until you leave in the sense that things like 3D models and textures are loaded from your hard drive into your RAM at the start and stay there for easy access (that's what's happening during a loading screen, generally!)The calculations you're reading about must occur so frequently because things look different from different perspectives, so every time you move the camera in game, the computer has to figure out what all those models and textures look like from the new perspective, and figure out what kinds of reflected light are bouncing off of surfaces and reaching the camera now.
Hopefully this is what quantum computing will be someday.
> So when a game runs at 120fps, it runs through that process 120 times for every single frame in that second?No. Well, not always. Your GPU maintains a frame buffer, actually 2 of them. It writes all this to the buffer when changes occur necessitating a redraw. To draw the screen, it first has to clear the whole buffer then fill it all in. This would create a period of time where the screen flickered, so your GPU uses 2 buffers, and draws to the one not currently being displayed to the screen, then swaps it in so it can draw to the other.I would think that if things were happening so fast that it actually needed to draw on every frame, some clever trickery is used to reuse precalcuated sections of the screen from the old frame, while only rendering the changed parts. Sort of the way that video compression algorithms work. This part of it is beyond my knowledge, as GPUs are very complex, and graphics languages and hardware are very...clever, these days.
Only if they use Doom's technology, which id have spent years researching. When Bethesda bought them out I believe they were going to stop licensing it out, so only Bethesda games would have it unless they developed their own.
DiRT 3 (2011) is very well optimized. I put it on my crappy 4 year old laptop recently and it runs really well!
Rainbow Six Siege also plays great with high settings using my R9 290, same engine.Ubisoft seems to be doing much better with optimizing AnvilNext these days, though I think they may want to focus on a single-engine strategy like EA is and pick whatever they like best from Dunia 2/AnvilNext/Snowdrop and integrate missing features to focus their R&D efforts. It's pretty annoying to see things like Far Cry 3 ran great on my computer but the latest Assassin's Creed game at the time was a slog due to engine differences (I'll let UbiArt slide since that's a 2D engine with very different design characteristics).
I can play on medium with my 660ti which is getting rare with newer games.
I was impressed with For Honor, too. It has really need frames for my poor as rig: i3-2100 and a 550 ti. Runs at 40-45 frames which is completly fine for me(feels smooth for my standards). I also got a message at the start that my rig is to bad for the game to run properly, but I had not a single stutter so far.
Now if they'd just fix that netcode.
Right, I was kind of saying this in a indirect way. Its awesome that I can run Witcher 3 with my specs at 80ish FPS. I love that and I think that's really well done considering the density and detail of what I'm looking at. That game runs beautifully for sure.
What collection?
BenQ XL2411. I believe it got rebranded as a BenQ Zowie edition or whatever, but its 24 1080p 144hz. Its pretty decent and wasn't super expensive, I think like $240 maybe.
> opt for 4KI wouldn't recommend it unless you don't mind turning down the graphics settings in games immediately (and turning them lower and lower as new games release).  A GTX 1080 can run games at 4k 60fps, but only when the settings are medium to high... and that's current games.  I think a Pascal Titan X does a bit better, but still not fantastic with 4k.If you're going with that GPU, I highly recommend going for 2k (1440p) instead.
I was surprised at Dead Space 3 too. My laptop runs it pretty well. For reference, I can play Borderlands 1 but not 2...
Whaddaya expect? it uses java, which is terribly optimized.
He has a Voodoo card. Lucky guy.
No he got a potato GPU
Close, it's a laptop with a Radeon HD 8550m with 1gb of dedicated VRAM. In tests it performs around 20% better than the on-board Intel HD 4400.
It's the Radeon HD 8550m on my laptop to blame. It only has 1gb of dedicated VRAM and in games only outperforms the on-board Intel HD 4400 by around 20%. The CPU is alright (i7) and it has 16gb of RAM.
He pretty much started the entire 3D accelerated gaming world.  
He tried to do some really revolutionary things to maintain graphic fidelity like the on demand resolution downscaling while maintaining consistent fps...  The challenge was that on some graphics cards it just ended up causing a ton of unnecessary texture tearing.
> Everybody forgets about RAGE.I didn't think anyone played it in the first place
Personally, I love ultrawide. I have the Acer X34 Predator which is that top of the line sort of monitor, 1440p, 21:9, G-sync, 100hz. Now I can totally see a difference between 100hz and 144hz after extensive use. However, once you get used to 100hz, you really don't feel that disadvantaged because you haven't played in 144hz after say a day or so. 100hz is imo perfect for me.It all comes down to preference. I like ultrawide so when I'm not gaming I have two screens side by side and it doesn't feel small. Good for when I'm coding. 
You're actually not entirely wrong: while Doom uses clustered forward shading, they also generate normal and specular buffers typical of deferred shading. The difference is that they get used for other effects such as screenspace reflections, rather than first-bounce lighting.
Not every dev is good enough to be at ID Software.
Make your monitor run cool. 
When it says dual core 2.2 GHz it means 2 brains doing work at 2.2GHz each, so yes.
I do remember reading Michael Abrash writing about BSP trees back in either Dr Dobb's Journal or maybe one of his books.Good memories.
Yea, just combine them! also add zombies! and open world! and crafting!
It's a lot easier to stand on the shoulders of midgets though.Flappy Bird!
if you consider that it's pure geometry, that's 500+ years
    0x5f3759df
I play in 4k so it really stands out to me now, I absolutely hate it. 
I guess 3d lighting is a huge rabbit hole to fall down. I've not done much gaming programming myself but I've done a degree in maths do I understand most of the theory. It's really cool how you can see really grounded mathematical principles being used in the real world.So the normal maps on a texture, you're using the three attributes of an RGB colour and creating a vector with them. You're then using that vector from the plane to get the correct lighting? Isn't direction more important than colour? Sorry, I don't think I'm understanding that one. I'll google it and see what I can find out.Regarding backface culling, optimisation and tricks to cut down on computstion time are probably my favourite part of computing in general. I was considering following up with a masters in computer science and going down that route but unfortunately hit a rut and kind've went down a tangent in life. I might return to it some day. I'm currently just doing hobby programming creating interesting programs and overlays for a stream. It keeps me a bit practiced in coding at least. It doesn't scratch that itch from deeper/larger projects though. Edit: I see how the rgb maps work now. I was thinking that the colours of the textures generated the vectors but it's actually an overlayed map that stores the vectors by using an RGB gradient to save time/space. That's pretty ingenious.
Also, on AMD GPUs at least, they got *really* down to the metal, like GPU ISA level. 
I'm really curious to see what the next AC will bring considering they purposefully delayed it to have a *good* game next. Hopefully they meant it and it wasn't just PR talk.
Maybe because of temporal filtering which is on even on the ultra preset?
Would be cool if the next assassins creed is better optimized. I was able to play play black flag without stutter(had over 30fps), but I had an average of 7 fps in unity...I stopped buying the game after that. Would I be able to play the new one or does it use the same engine as unity?
> BenQ XL2411Thanks so much, looks like a great choice!
Well my old one was a 980ti and that could handle 4K 30fps on most things ultra when I tried it on a 4K tv, it also handles 1080p 144hz on most things easily.I just feel like I'm not getting my full money's worth with 144hz because it's diminishing returns. From 30 to 60 is a world of difference but 60 to 144 is barely noticeable during general gameplay. Plus certain games like Bethesda games are often restricted to 60fps anyway due to tying the game speed or the physics engine to the frame rate, like I could play Fallout or Skyrim above 60 but it means moving super fast and every time you enter a room all the objects launch themselves in all directions.
He obviously forgot to run the glide enabled .exe
Pair that with a Sound Blaster 16 and you're basically set for life.
He has a *dedicated* graphics card? I play my games only on my CPU, thank you very much.
That's not close at all! I CALL SHENANIGANS
Bruh...Radeon HD 6550d with 512mb of VRam and A8-3870 APU reporting in, i can get 25-30 fps in Doom...Edit: Solid 10 fps in The Wither 3 too, trust in the rust ;)
That's not terrible, there are a lot of great games you could play
But my freezer is filled with food^^^^^/s
Ooh ooh and make it survival! Don't forget early access either.
And make it a 100% science-based dragon mmo!
You should be in game production!
Oh FFS, we have enough open world crafting zombie pacman shootemup clones on the market already.
And make them blocky!
Very, very rich midgets indeed
what the fuck?
Yep, I've got an i5-4690k @ 4.2ghz and an r9 390. I can't even get a stable 60 if I use anything other than temporal filtering.
Assassin's Creed games have always used Anvil/AnvilNext (for the first game it was called Scimitar, but it's the base upon which Anvil was built).Never hold your breath, but if For Honor performs well there's no reason Ubisoft *CAN'T* make the next game in the AC franchise well optimized. The question is, what amount of it is engine optimization and what amount is just too much stuff in a frame.All the For Honor gameplay I've seen doesn't show crowds quite the same size as what you see in AC games, but between it and what the current revision of R6 Siege demonstrate I don't think complexity of the scene is what has historically caused issues with the other games using AnvilNext.
It's pretty old at this point, TN panel and the colors are terrible and washed out.I wouldn't recommend it unless you are looking for a budget alternative.
No problem. Its a solid monitor. It took a lot of tweaking to get the color dialed in. It was way off out of the box.I don't know the price difference, but you might want to consider getting a FreeSync monitor since you've got an AMD card. I don't really have any problems with tearing, but I'm also not capable of running every game at 144+ at the graphical settings I want, so the adaptive refresh would be nice. It's definitely something I wish I would have looked into more when purchasing.
I agree about 144Hz.  I'm running a 1440p 144Hz Gsync monitor and to be honest... I hardly notice the frame rate increase.  I keep hearing how it's a huge difference and I'll never be able to go back, but I'm just not feeling it.  Maybe I just need more time with it to get used to it, but so far... eh.1440p is pretty great though.  I'm loving that and I definitely would want to stay at 60fps though (tried playing Bloodborne and 30fps felt weird, the dips lower felt really bad).  4k would be fine for you if you don't mind lower frame rates or turning down game settings.  I'm just addicted to getting smooth 60+ and leaving settings at their max (sans AA, which I've found to be nearly pointless with 1440p).
It ran monkey island perfectly!
Tic-Tac-Toe comes to mind...
*early access with paid DLC.
shush! dont call out to them, for the four apocalyptic riders will seek upon thy!the end is nigh!
Only if it has dragon fucking though.
*whoosh*
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fast_inverse_square_root
Yeah, the game isn't really that well optimized, it just does the same checkerboard technique that everyone mocks the console games for. I had to turn it off because I couldn't stand the blurriness.
Good to know. I currently have no need for that type of monitor but to know it exists is good for reference. 1ms response and 90 degree rotation seems to be a rare combination and this might be exactly what someone is looking for. Do you have your own recommendation?
Might be pushing it
Steam greenlight or I'm not buying it! Create a Kickstarter perhaps?   
wooosh 
I mean...I couldve added le sarcasm tag...but the statement felt too true.
why are you so retarded?
Yes, read the comments in the source code. 
https://www.amazon.com/Samsung-24-Inch-Curved-Monitor-C24FG70/dp/B01M1DEEYP/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1486846641&sr=8-1&keywords=c24fg70Probably the best 1080p144 monitor you can buy right now, VA panel, Quantum Dot and a curved screen (doesn't really matter at 24, but still something).
Add upgrabable weapons that you can switch which parts you want on the guns too.
But *whoosh*, it's so funny!  WHOOSH, DAMN IT!
Yes
Oh, you were referring to that comment. Haven't looked at the source in a while, so I completely forgot about it. 
Make it multi-ethnic, multi-racial, and multi-gendered characters.Also, add color-blind support, controller support, VR support, and voice command support.
For some reason, the comments are the most memorable part to me
[Aim for the bushes...](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CA5T-zXIAoU&index=8&list=PLGCR2xRdztJPjiWiVGiQho4GieOHNQ_9Y)
That dust cloud was just as if Wile E. Coyote had done it.
Use grapple hook... shit, wrong game
I thought this was real until he slowed down to make the jump. 
Desynchronized 
Oh my god.... is this guy dead?
Did he just jump into a pre-existing blood splatter?
[You thinking what I'm thinking, partner?](https://youtu.be/Q86Rn4jETVk?t=27)
Thats why you always check for a pile of leaves or straw first.
Half asleep me thought this was real until halfway down to the ground....
That Moment when You try to leap of faith out of an uncomfortable conversation.
I was waiting for the *WASTED* to pop up
Why is this so funny to me?!?!
How did he dive? There was no water
r/me_irl
I'm Ok!
Well did he make it?
Don't worry guys, it was an edgy kid that confused the game
I laughed way harder at this than I should have. 
Lmao
*I used to think that I could not go ooooooon.*
Pack your bags Charlene we just won an all expenses paid trip to go into hell.com
Tuck and roll!
WASTED
10/10/10
/r/watchpeopledie
*Eagle scream*
The sun was on my phone screen when I was watching it, and I thought it was an actual person at first. I screamed a bit, and was surprised when no one gave me weird looks.
I like the fact that is not his first time.
God I really miss GTA IV physics
9.5, 9.5, 9.0
I love when the diving animation happens for no reason sometimes 
I laughed way too hard at that. 
oml the resolution was low and i thought it was an actual man
Did anyone hear the Eagle Dive Eagle cry as he soared down?
Aim for the bushes
I haven't seen someone hit the ground that hard since Wile E coyote
And hydrophobia.
I can't fathom how people still play this game 
*There goes my hero*
Yeaha!*bro fist*
See you on the other side 
There wasn't even an awning in that direction
*There weren't any bushes.*
I'm not aiming for the truck
We watched this at a movie night and we had to stop the movie at this part. We were having genuine problems breathing from laughing so hard.
I like falling in the flowers best 
[Movie reference](https://youtu.be/Q86Rn4jETVk?t=26s)^I ^am ^a ^bot^^just ^^kidding ^^get ^^pranked
Came here specifically for this... thank you
*poof*
I thought it was a blood cloud.
I was waiting for a mushroom cloud.
Rocket jump... shit, wrong game
Well this was done on PC, so you can get grappling hooks
Roll when you land... shit, wrong game
Looks kinda like the parkour mod to me.
This is GTA.
rip him.
He ded
Did he died?
He is ded, not big soup rice
You serious?
Previous attempts showed no success, maybe the 82nd time will work??
My favorite scene of that movie.
Or look for the piles of bird droppings.
Because of how ridiculous it is.
Why would we worry?
10
You can't fathom how people still play a GTA game?
*Watch him as he goes*
I can be your hero baybeh! 
Sounds dangerous.
Use ground pound... shit, wrong game
Till it is done
I love how there aren't any bushes
yes it's so repetitive after all these years. I need an objective 
Don't go chasin waterfalls. 
 J U S T I C E  R A I N S  F R O M  A B O V E
Just crouch befo... shit, wrong game
Did you know that in GTA you are often given objectives?
At the crime scene #lol
Till the sweat drips down my balls!!
Children, behave.
Just ice rains from above. Too true.
I think Justice needs a little nap.
the games been out for years I feel like they're just repetitive as I said. like the goal to get super rich and have all the nice cars or even just go on killing sprees. the mini games and races got old for me. all I said is I don't understand how people are still finding fun in it is all
I like it for all the silly stuff.  The objectives online seem super grindy, and I just like driving around and blowing up things.  
I get it. I don't play too much either, was just being an ass. I figure a big part of it is their continued support of MP. A lot of people convince their friends to buy the game and jump on. Its probably how they've kept it at basically the same price this long. 
Jesus Christ dude
Courtney Loves scapegoat 
I don't know what to even say.  http://i.imgur.com/9kkhq9X.jpg 
What color were Kurt Cobain's eyes?    Blew!  One blew this way, one blew that way!    -James Hetfield  
What, no bonus head shot damage?
This makes me want to play fo4 again.... Not cause I like the story or anything, I just really like making my own weapons lol
[Cyanide and Happiness](http://files.explosm.net/comics/Dave/comichaircut1.png)
Too soon
r/jesuschristreddit
Feels like I'm playing TF2 again where every other renamed shotgun has that name. 
This definitely isn't original. Huh.
I named my shotgun Kurt Cobang. 
The song you quoted is about his good friend Dylan Carlson, who bought the shotgun he killed himself with.  He's the frontman for the amazing band Earth; Kurt was featured on their first EP as a backing vocalist. 
That's not a microphone... Nevermind 
What has more brains than Kurt Cobain? The wall
I have a sniper rifle named The JFK Express, so you're not the only one 
Too Soon.
All of the people commenting Jesus Christ dude! and Too soon have obviously never played Team Fortress 2.

Inaccurate, Cobain used a long barreled and full stock pump action. 
He's aged horribly. 
DOWNWARD SPIRAL 
Too soon
Too soon bro
Tell me a joke
Hey, that's the name everyone gave their shotguns in TF2 half a decade ago when nametags were added. Creative, good job OP.
Little dark I must say
Lmao 
Kurt would love this
Nah his wasnt a sawed off. 
This is basically every other shotgun in tf2
Lmao savage
I named the legendary laser pistol Gary Strydom after the legendary awkward WBF bodybuilder Vince McMahon jizzed himsef over....diff'rent strokes?
Named mine Bane of Kobain
This would be a great idea if it wasn't every other scout's Strange Scattergun name in TF2.
This makes me sad :( drain you is the best song. Milk it too
This has to be SSoH's shotgun
My mate had a .50 cal that he named The JFK Experience
Doesn't even have a stock, smh
This is insulting.... It's not even a legendary.
I used to own the same type of gun he offed himself with, it was a neat fact to find out. Was also good to know it worked for that purpose 
Harsh
Original 
So he likes to shot his guns?
Thanks, Satan.
Fun fact, it's called a stuntman suicide
Oh lord, that is so fucked up. 
Whoaaa
edgy
And he likes to sing alongAnd he likes to shoot his gun
NO I DONT HAVE A GUN
/r/jesuschristreddit
I had a pump shotgun that you could feed as many rounds as you wanted named Hershal. 
Pffffttttttttttttttt jeeeeeeeeeeeeeeezeeeeee
Shotgun Rain.
Does this have a toe attachment for the trigger?
Old news. Posted over a year ago.
No
He swore he didn't have a gun.... Fucking liar
Way out in Seattle, young Kurt Cobain..... 
no way in hell has kurt cobain's death become a meme on the internet. i won't let it happen
Watched soaked in bleach, Kurt didn't do it.
And I swear that I don't have a gun.
Glow sights just seems like overkill
Hey! Kurt Cobain could have been the greatest musician ever...If only he could have kept his head together...
https://youtu.be/wcWGhAkCyZ4
This made me laugh far more than I should have. :D
Ahh, Climb-In 4, truly a masterpiece of digital entertainment.
TOO FUCKING SOON!!!!
Edgy
No more fallout posts.
Too soon 
Too soon man.
Not funny.  
too soon.
Not cool dude 
No....just....nooooo
I'm fine with morbid humor and everything, but this just isn't a very funny joke. 
Too soon
Too soon
Kurt Cobain, more like Kurt no brain.
Its Kirk Cobain dude and too soon
Dank 
Too soon
Ah suicide, the most selfish thing you can do. Hilarious
Too soon
Suicide lolz 
Wtf is wrong with you!? We all know he was murdered.
I played Laser Tag last week and my name was Kurt Cobain, I just sat in the corner shooting myself the entire time
I wanna say i loled but i also dont wanna be downvoted. Oh well here it goes, lol. 
Lol yeah I guess he did kinda look like Jesus.
You got it wrong it's r/jesuschristreddit
That's Jason Bourne.
Too soon. 
Fucking.  SAVAGE.  
This was almost *exactly* the same thought I had when I saw this.
Yeah this is not funny. I mean, I little but still. 
Who is Courtney and why does she love scapegoats?
Kurt Cobain was Murdered. 
One connects to video and one channel of audio, the other connects to a headphone jack? 
I liked the Mayhem edition because it added a knife!
Yeah-James Hetfield
Bloodshot works too
We used that joke back when the Challenger blew up. 
And if you wouldn't mind I would like it blewAnd if you wouldn't care I would like it loose
Thank you kind sir. That is the comment I was looking for.
Do you mind giving me an honest mini write up of what you thought of fallout 4? I've always liked the post apocalyptic universe in video games. I've played a little of fallout 3 and fallout New Vegas. I found that they didn't age that well and played semi janky but the stories and world seemed really fleshed out. I never finished them. So I'm not some diehard fan boy or anything. But I've heard a lot of mixed feelings about this game. Looking for another big nuked out adventure and wondering if this is it. Thanks in advance.
It always will be
Not soon enough
It's been twenty three years...
It's never too soon for a Kurt joke.
Yeah, Im salty a TF2 rename of this didnt make it.
I was gonna say this name had a good percentage of the market when it came to shotguns
I've definitely seen this on shotguns in TF2 and there's no way it's not older than that
Not at all. I saw someone do this the first day it released.
Oh well, whatever.
Yeah. I've got over 1200 hours in tf2 and I've seen at least a couple hundred shotguns with that name.
That video was great
Did you hear about that Italian Chef? He pasta way.    *I am a bot. To summon me, include tell me a joke somewhere in your message.*
This is a post from a Fallout game? Couldn't tell.
Comedy is subjective, puto.
It made me smile at least.
Ehhhh murder for financial benefit is a bit more selfish. Looking at you Courtney
Yeah suicide, depression and drug addiction are hysterical
Jesus was a middle eastern, brown skinned, short haired guy by all accounts.
Pretty sure it's /r/itsjasonbourne/
Who is your daddy and what does he do?
Courtney Love was Kurt's SO
Did you see soaked in bleach? The theory is that kurt ODed and courtney and a friend tried to stage it as a suicide so they wouldn't take Frances away. 
oh great, a plug and play light gun game. I guess the other controller is for player 2?
-uah-James Hetfield
Not OP, but it really depends on what you're looking for.    If it's story that you're after, then all of the fallout games are good options Imo. FO3 won awards for the story and FNV is absolutely excellent. FO4 is lacking a bit in character depth, but the general story and issues posed by the game are interesting and presented well.    If you just want a shooter, FO4 is by far the best option.  If you want an RPG, get FNV.  If you just want to see why everyone likes fallout and experience their world building, try FO3.
>I found that they didn't age that well and played semi jankyFallout 4's combat has the best feel to it of any fallout game. Gunplay feels much better, thanks to getting some veterans from a team that focused on making a certain high profile FPS. If you're biggest gripe with FO3 and New Vegas was the gunplay, Fallout 4 will feel great for you. 
I feel like both Fallout 4 and Skyrim were great frameworks that Bethesda hoped would be carried by the modding community. It worked great for Skyrim, but not so well for Fallout 4. They both lacked most of the depth of the previous installments. Good games, but a little shallow without mods.
Exactly, too soon.
This guy probably paints his armor lime green
I guess there's also that Doom II level Nirvana that starts off with a super shotgun. Mind you, it might just be a coincidence.
Is this like tf2's equivalent of csgo's the jfk experience?
Tell me a joke
I'm sorry, esse, did you think I was writing a dissertation? 
Agreed I got a laugh
It sucks that people are downvoting you for sharing a positive opinion. Sorry people are awful. 
ikr
suicide :3
http://pre02.deviantart.net/c210/th/pre/i/2016/076/6/1/kurt_jesus_cobain_by_sophiefink-d9vf3ph.jpg
No bro that's Jesus Navas
I can't recall which comedian said it but during the mid 2000s and the height of Dem Middle Eastern dey be sum bad people. *spits chewing tobacco* here in America. One comedian said along the lines of middle eastern people aren't inherently bad. Fact of the matter is most of you would be afraid to sit next to Jesus on an airplane because spoiler alert he's not a white guy with long brown flowing hair.
besides the drawings of him.
Whered you get the short hair thing from?
What report said he had short hair?
The European depictions at least.
At the time the people in that area of the middle East would have looked greek, not current middle eastern.
Well, he was from the same lineage as David, and David's tribe was said to be more fair-skinned. Most of his apostles were of the same tribe, and some were actually Joseph's children (most likely of a previous marriage, wherein the wife probably died due to a disease or something). This is important and relevant because Judas had to point out to the authorities who Jesus was, as they could not tell which one he was simply by looking at him and his apostles gathered. As for middle eastern, it's important to point out what ethnicity of middle easterner he was, which was that he was Jewish. As for the short hair, I don't know. It's not too important, and I don't think it's actually mentioned what length his hair was.
Nope, /r/cheeseandricereddit
I'm detective John Kimball! 
He was pointing out the missing apostrophe.
I mean, ODing seems like a more reasonable thing, due to the obscene amount of heroin in his system.  Also the fact he died with his shoes on when he would have to pull the trigger with his toes.  You may have converted me to that theory.   
-Thhuaaah!-Link
[He didn't even have to sing.](https://youtu.be/lUxhjc49zgs?t=37s)
> world building, try FO3.I'd like to throw another upvote onto this.FO3's strongest aspect is it's world. The ruins of DC are just phenomenal.
What was your favorite quest in fallout 4?
Princess Di? fine. 9/11? fine. The Holocaust? fine. The Crusades? fine. But the minute you bring Kurt into this, we have a problem.
>armor
Oh yeah I've seen a few of those too. Lol
Yeah, it pretty much is.
I am bad at telling jokes (no pun intended).    *I am a bot. To summon me, include tell me a joke somewhere in your message.*
You a fiesty little thang aren't ya
Do you want my seed?
We are full of awe
I love conspiracys as much as the next guy, but there's absolutely no proof he was murdered other than that he was going through a rough patch with Courtney. 
Smells like Holy Spirit.
Rude.
George Carlin?
Jesus was descended from David, and the tribe of David (including David himself) was described as being of fair skinned, ruddy complexioned people. Tribes tended to keep marriage between tribe members. It's also important to mention his apostles were mostly from the tribe of David as well, since Judas had to point out who Jesus was among his disciples, as they authorities couldn't tell which one he was. Some of his apostles were also actually Joseph's children, probably from a previous marriage (Joseph's previous wife probably died to a disease or something. Not uncommon in those times). As for his hair, I don't know. Maybe it was long, maybe it wasn't, I don't think his hair length was ever mentioned. Whatever the custom of the tribe was, that's probably it.
[deleted]
Old Testament hair requirements IIRC
I'm gonna ask you some questions. I want them answered *immediately*.
Well. This is awkward
But it's more fun to say Courtney Love did it
Hey! Listen!
Ok good, so you get it.
Celebrities we like are worth more than anything else I guess
It's because most of us have parent issues of some sort we can relate to with edgy music. 
I know what I said.
Well the number of armor cosmetics in tf2 is increasing with the meriweather crate thing 
No one wants your seed. 
Except for you, cutie, you're full of d'awwwww. 
There's enough doubt in people's mind that the event is cringey beyond a guy eating a shotgun...Most of us would rather just forget it.
Where, on the finger?
Get fucked 
Yeah but he was fair skinned amongst middle eastern. It's like being the light skin black guy in a group of black guys. At that level of being fair skinned in that group that person clearly will have more olive complexion then european white. 
https://youtu.be/V354SFzDwMc
And in Renaissance Europe...
Jesus doesn't want him for a doppelganger 
Except he started getting depicted as white long before that. But you are probably a Hotep, so why bother.
What the hell kind of website did you send me to? 
LOL wow that website is hilarious.
You may be thinking of Numbers 6, which details the conditions of taking on a Nazirite vow, which includes the qualification of the man or woman in question not cutting their hair. This is one of the lifelong characteristics of John the Baptist, but I don't think it was characteristic of Jesus.
Not as awkward as it will be when she runs into him in the afterlife.
You may as well pack your bags and skip town. Your reddit career is over
Yeah. 
[Listen to this, you little blue bitch. You hear this? You hear this noise? That's going to be you when Link is filling you up. Ever listen to yourself, huh? LISTEN TO THIS.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1SHjbyNUdE4)
What? Nirvana's second album? Oh, no, well... we don't talk about that album.
I guess this is what I deserve for being flipped off.
As someone with an olive complexion myself, I have to ask what you mean by European white? There are many olive-skinned people native to Southern Europe, such as the Spanish, the Italians, the Greeks, and those in Southern France. Yes, he wouldn't be pasty like an Englishman, a Scandinavian, or a German, but he wouldn't be very dark-skinned either. I'd say he'd be somewhere between those two, probably closer to a Greek or maybe a Turk than a Spaniard or a Frenchman.
M'kay
[deleted]
That's some racist black supremacist bullshit, they think they were literally every ethnic group of people.
Or as awkward as when she was dating Billy CorganAnd had obviously clearly just paid to have Kurt murdered. 
That was very quiet, subtle.
....by a fake picture of a dead person
Yeah, but Jesus is different 
WE WUZ ABORIGINAL AUSTRALIANS AN SHIET 
Who was that shock rocker who said Courtney offered him $50k to kill Kurt? The one who is absolutely terrifying and did awful, awful shit but said Courtney made him look tame?
I see you're getting downvoted, but I don't care about the the truth, necessarily...Like, are you able to fill me in on some of the Courtney Love conspiracy? I know it's a thing, but I've never heard of Billy Corgan paying to have him murdered, etc
thx bby
More like a dead picture of a fake person
Indeed.
El Duce
Watch Soaked in Bleach on Netflix. She had bag of notebooks that she was using to learn Kurts handwriting. That's like the tip of the iceberg, shit was straight up scandalous. 
You're a little funky in the brain aren't ya? 
*Il Duce*
Capcom development team: You guys know what's really scary? Excess piping.
This and the mold problem is going to make it hard to sell the house at market value.
Its no wonder the house is falling apart
Plumber here. I'm so confused. I'm impressed they managed to show proper bushings. The piping is obviously nonsense. I have no idea what material this would be. Judging by fitting depth, it could be s636, which is used for venting nat gas. They've definitely used more fittings than allowed if that's the case, and they shouldn't be reducing the size. Or maybe the box bottom right is a back-water valve, meaning it's drainage. Most of this would be illegal if it was. There's no such thing as a double straight tee. And I think that's a cap OVER the hub of a Tee. Not sure why there's an electrical box and in the middle. This is why you need a plumber people. 
Why is this not a schematic of the level? 
Literally Unplayable
Seems pretty obvious to me that it's meant to be another indicator that the family isn't all there in the head. The pipes were probably put there recently along with the other bizarre additions. Lucas is likely the one who did this.
why
These people are monsters.
This is excessive and entirly unnecessary...*resident evil*...SHIT is this a puzzle? Reveal your secrets!
That's rly where all the Moist Monsters came from.
The more I stare at it, the more my brain wants to say that it's some sort of Easter egg referencing a map.
well, IF hot water is piped into this it could be a cheap mans heater.
Meh... ive seen worse on site hahaa
What happens when Mario makes a Resident Evil game.
So looking at this picture most waste pipes(the size indicates waste) use gravity to flow down to the sewer. Unless there is a pump which is not the case here. It seems that all of this houses shit is going to end up on the floor. Not a fun thing.
Looks like the hacking minigame in Bioshock
The Art Director and Level Design had a disagreement as to what was too many Pipes
I'm no plumber, and I realize all the different paths are a joke, but normally would a single pipe going from the top to the bottom be all it needs or would it have to spread across to the other wall to relieve pressure or whatever? 
I bet there septic is in need of serious replacement. 
You know who could use some targeted horror?  *Homeowners*.
Bad cable management from OP!
Looks like a non-union job.
Maybe it's some sort of map?
bet you were looking for that toilet missing on the bottom right. hard times
shitter's cloggedJUST PUT IN ANOTHER BYPASS!
It kind of looks like there was a puzzle here, but they cut it. 
That plumbing is to handle my massive spicy shits
Literally unplayable.
Maybe this is just a metaphor for the intricate/dysfunctional plot of the entire RE series.
I saw this in a episode of the 3 STOOGES
must be structural plumbing. also there's no outlet at the bottom 
Is this part of a puzzle? It feels like is should be part of a puzzle. Or maybe a reference to something. Or maybe I'm just over thinking someone saying let's make this plumbing as bad as possible.
Fucking unplayable. 
Residence Evil
Lol
AAHHHH!!
Dont worry having a cargo ship in your backyard will raise the market value.
God damn this game sounds freaking scary!
Idk how much it will really sell for, let me get an expert in to appraise it4,000,000 is its value? I'll give you 250,000 for it because it needs a lot of work and it will sit in auction forever, that's the best I can do Fuck him. Lol
I'd go nuts too with water pressure that low.
I think it's more because of the mold monsters
Naw man the last person through here was the protagonist from bioshock.
I would call and complain if I were you. they are literally shitting all over your profession.
Fellow plumber. This screenshot made my butt hurt.
Electrician here. The wires aren't strapped anywhere near that electrical box. Definitely not up to code.I'm going to blame the plumbers.
If it is drainage, the 90s and tees aren't to code and where are the cleanouts? It should also have clamps supporting it to the wall. 
At first glance I thought it was some sort of ridiculous and unnecessary boiler loop, but then I zoomed in and saw the fittings weren't threaded BIP. My only guess is that the plumber dropped some acid and wanted to re-create something from a Dr. Suess book. 
You can get a double kinda straight tee here, both side inlets are slightly curved downward. I assumed it was drainage and the thing i find most amusing is right below the double tee would be prone to blocking but the way the system is built once it's blocked the drainage will flow in from the side to the block and likely clear it. It's a self maintaining system, fucking genius! 
There's an evil girl vomiting up monsters...I'm pretty sure the bakers are kinda distracted.  Oh and a tanker that washed up in their bayou.
Ah of course, just what I was thinking as well
Dude, are you an actual genius? Do you know what a great puzzle that could be???
There are too many paths for the water to get from point a to point b.
Way too many fittings. Water flowing wrong direction. A waste of pipe, time, and materiel son. 
r/plumbing
No they're just influenced
This guy plumbs
Think of the scrap value of that cargo ship, though. Just clean out the bodies and you're good.
Just sell as lakefront property. 
With the current housing crisis, I'm surprised more games don't use this as a scare tactic.
And so begins a new gaming industry trend of having an on-staff plumbing consultant.
Me too thanks
As you always do
You mean like moving the plumbing affects the level itself? That could actually be a novel way to progress. Complete puzzles in different sections to get additional pieces and eventually be able to leave? Seems more silent hill than RE though. 
The first [Bioshock] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nH1-whPLUlM) did something similar in a way.
i dont get it, can you microsoft paint some arrows and explanations?
I leaned so much 
Residential Evil
Lol that joke's a decade old now. I like it. 
Ya that or I was thinking maybe there is a puzzle where you don't have a map for that specific area and you have to figure out that you must use the pipes to progress.
What? I don't understand. Are you saying it's similar because it's a puzzle with pipes? I mean I guess you're right but it doesn't have much to do with a seemingly innocuous pipe layout being secretly a map for a puzzle. 
Did you fall over?
Right. You start founding the games studio and I'll start coming up with names. ;-)
well no, i've played the game, you have maps fore very area. its just stupid ass pipes bro.
learned** lmao
Ight, how you like Trash Baby Johnson Inc.?
They are conceptualizing ideas for a game, not what these pipes mean in RE7
Make it LTD and we're golden. 
woops my bad
They really hit a homerun with the cinematic features in GTAV.[](/AnimesqueHappy)
Passing on a double yellow?  
no, no, no, no, i kill the bus driver...
Maybe that's a part of the heist.
Is the truck shooting at him as well?
  I guess he wanted to know what all the 'chicken crossing the road' fuss was all about before opening fire?
The getaway driver was on point. 
/r/therewasanattempt 
I was expecting the soldier to get back up and drive away. 
Achievement Hunter star!Reference!
I read this as Consuela 
What bus driver?
They'll never suspect me if I'm dead'
Were we not supposed to?
This is why the new games just don't impress or captivate me at all. As you can see here, everything's already been done. 
The Junkyard level was completely awesome.
Dash Rendar....more like Dash Render
I loved this game so much. Rented it from blockbuster like every week.
This was still my favorite game as a kid. 
Anyone else remember the super complicated button presses on n64 to get into cheat mode?
I still have this on N64 and never had that happen. 
It took me forever but I 100% this game. Still remember when the Wampa code finally got discovered/published.  Love this game!
I never did make it that far in this game...
Thought that was mortal kombat. 
I have been playing the port on steam and can not beat this level because the game glitches like this atleast three times on this first stage of the level and leaving me with like one life left. I wish someone would come out with a patch to fix this bc I NEED MORE SHADOWS OF THE EMPIRE IN MY LIFE.
I chose back in 96 the N64 instead of a playstaion because of this game. 
https://www.humblebundle.com/star-wars-3-bundle
Boba Fett... Just when you think you've got that asshole down, nope! Slave 1 time!
Hey look! It's a PS4 game!
...sure
IG88 scared the shit out of me when I was a kid.
lol fucking home run
ya it was like every single button pressed while moving joystick 50% of the way left and right. 
8 years old, gaining the dexterity in my tongue to get the joy stick just right back and forth as all my fingers held the buttons. Wampa_Stompa contributed more to my future sex life than anything. 
Stompa wampa. Star wars games had the best cheat codes. Like Jedi Outcast: helpusobi 1.
That damn motorcycle race bit was rough. 
Yeah that muffled voice noise was pretty spooky 
Left, right, left.I used a rubberband and a bottlecap to get all the c-buttons and the right bumper at the same time.
g_saberrealisticcombat 1 my dood, JK was one of the best series ever.
I remember using both hands in this crazy claw grip and then my mouth to actually move the joystick.Man that game was fun
Wow. Genius! 
Glad to see I wasn't the only one, I'd use my chin XD
It's free on GOGhttps://www.gog.com/game/flight_of_the_amazon_queen
Let this be a reminder to mention the name in the title.
Oh man that was good! What game is this?
What's the joke?
Reddit's sense of humor is fucking abysmal.
Lol. What game is it and what platform? Looks awesome
Wait, what game is this?
I...thought I knew every adventure game from the 80's and 90's. How did this exist and I not know about it? Thanks for sharing. I just picked it up, free, at GOG.
Would someone mind telling me what game this is?
Mods be like there's no problem here.
So what game is this (   )
So what is this game?
What game?
hey what's the game??? not obvious, downvote!!!/s
Yes! This game was so amazing! One of the best adventure games that wasn't a Lucas Arts title. IIRC there is a puzzle with a solution that requires you pointing out a plot hole. You tell a gorilla that his species doesn't actually exist in South America, so he disappears. Always though that was funny. 
Ah, reminds me of all the fun I had in Dragonfable.
So what game is this?
Why is boat in spanish but the game in english?
For some reason this reminded me of the starting area of the swamp in witcher 1. 
Reminds me of Simon the Sorcerer
If you just assume we know what game you're talking about you are fucking stupid 
Welp Im sold on this game.
i was expecting a middle finger coming out of the hat at the last one 
It's funny cause they spelled it B-O-T-E!
the best part is the sign that says#BOTE >
Now I'm reminded of [this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HNMq8XS4LhE).
Scumm games are great. I strongly recommend Indiana Jones and the Fate of Atlantis for everyone. It really should have been the fourth film.
What game is this? I never played point and click adventure games are they fun?
What game is this 
How is this a joke? 
I do not understand the joke 
Bote.
quit trying to give me dope shit for free, jerk
Also on the [ScummVM website](http://www.scummvm.org/games).
I shit you not you have improved my day 1000%
Wait I've finished this game but can't remember this scene. Too bad my disc suddenly stopped working. I'm glad we now have online accounts where these games can't die anymore. 
Awwwwww yisss
...... what does gog mean though 
Any good?
https://gfycat.com/PeriodicGoldenAfricangoldencat
What, you can't instantly recognize... uh... this... hm... well, it's a very popular game, I assure. Shows up on the front page about nine times a week.
an adventure game I guess at least OP gave us a hint. It's a step in the right direction. 
[deleted]
Flight of the Amazon Queen. Pretty cool game
At first, he pulled out a woman in a bunny suit, then he pulled out an actually rabbit. The player (I imagine) states that he liked the woman more than the rabbit, to which Death (maybe?) expresses that he, too, prefers the woman over the rabbit.tl;dr sexy woman > rabbit
The first one is a Playboy Bunny. You don't get out much means that you don't get laid often, since he's asking again to see the Playboy Bunny.If you don't know what a Playboy bunny is, it's from back in day when Playboy was the big pornographic magazine.
Your sense of humor is worse.
Flight of the Amazon Queen for MS-Dos, I made this gif because I reviewed the game on youtube and thought it would be funny to share this joke
Flight of the Amazon Queen
Anytime! I actually made this gif because I made a review of the game on YouTube and thought this would be a funny gif to share
Flight of the Amazon Queen for MS-Dos
Flight of the Amazon Queen. Well worth it and it's free on GOG
Flight of the Queen, currently free on Amazon.com if you have a COG account.
Flight of the Amazon Queen for Ms-Dos
No! Don't ask him about Loom!
You! I like you!
Woah, spoilers! ^^/s
The game is set in the Amazon, Bote is Portuguese for boat
Oooh I really should play that series some day
Then I got good news. It's free on GOG
flight of the amazon queen
the first is free
By the holiest fucks, Dreamweb is free!? Tomorrow is so set.
The original, not messed with Broken Sword?  Excellent.
Good Old Games
Grand old games
i love you
-*slow clap*- bravo that was fucking well done lol!!
Been a member of Reddit for years and never seen this game make it to the front page. Also never even heard of this game but point-and-clicks were also never really my thing. I know exaggerating is fun and all but c'mon.
Now you need to go find an obscure book, the note hidden in that book, know that it relates to that turn knob thing in the library, and then maybe, just maybe, we can get past the first area of Myst 30 some years later.
Yeah, otherwise you won't get all that reddit money... oh wait...
It's free if you have a GOG account.You can also download it (legally) from [SummVM](http://www.scummvm.org/games).
If only there was a way people could know this without having to ask. 
HA! Classic!
[deleted]
Wasn't it softcore porn though?
Damn OP, you answered the age old question of this subreddit numerous times for different people. You're too good for us.
I don't think you got the joke there, mate. I said what's the game cos you'd already answered the question twice and another guy asked but thanks anyway haha :)
That was meant to be a joke, but thanks, I think I gotta check this out at some point!
odd name for a game
Oh ok,thanks a lot
When I played this as a teenager I assumed it was a deliberate misspelling.
Cheers fellow redditor! I actually saw that,  Just had to leave a comment so I could easily come back to this thread later (At work, can't book mark it ;D)
That's the name of that game?
That's the name of that game?
[deleted]
There is no joke
The primary joke is that both the woman and rabbit can be referred to as a 'bunny', creating a play on words, or [pune](https://wiki.lspace.org/mediawiki/Pune).Additionally, that Death first chides the player for liking the pretty woman more, but then admits that he also prefers the woman, which provides some humor in revealing death's hypocrisy.
Ya
> expresses that he, too, prefers the woman over thoh xD
That wasn't a very funny joke.
hehe understandable. I made this gif because I recently reviewed the game on YouTube and thought this was a funny joke to share. As for the game you can find it here: https://www.gog.com/game/flight_of_the_amazon_queen
If you google GOG you'll see. It's literally the first result. 
eeesh, tough crowd.
What a shitty joke
[deleted]
Thanks for your input!
Thanks again and actually, a link to your review would be groovy.
No kidding. People can't take a joke
When you ask people 'what's the joke?', don't be surprised when they tell you what the joke is.
It's okay, being slow is what makes you special, Timmy. 
I would love to, but I can't. The mods crack down hard on that sort of stuff in this sub-reddit. If you're interested though, you can check my submission history. I shared the review on a couple of sub-reddits that welcome this sort of content.
Joke implies humor.
Boo. Thought you might get away with a bit of free publicity if I requested it since it wouldn't be unsolicited. Will hunt for it next break!
Maybe it's anti-comedy, comedy :D
Thank you! I really appreciate it! :D
Bad jokes used ironically are still bad jokes :P
TIL what my ex-girlfriend meant when she said we were exclusive. 
This is a deceptive picture. In the original, below the text in yellow, is a picture of Assassin's Creed: Rogue. That is to say, Unity was exclusive to XB1, PS4, and PC, whereas Rogue was exclusive to 360 and PS3.
So it won't be released for the previous generation of PC?
Poor Gamecube
Except the bottom advertisement was for Assassins Creed Rogue, and this is a repost.
If you had posted the full image you would know that the second part was referring to AC Rogue...
Fuck Nintendo, am I right? They don't get to join in on the reindeer games.
MessagesSettingsSafariSharePersonalizeMy guess is, this image has been through some shit.
Exclusively reposted to r/gaming
I don't think that word means what you think it means..
Well it's not in my gameboy advance.
It'd have been easier to just say not on nintendo
Oh lord, this has been reposted so fucking much.The bottom poster was for AC: Rogue and they postered them together, so they put ...And on there.Fuck me, how many times is this gonna be front page?
https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/originals/cf/34/03/cf3403a44afac001803b4cb6732dea98.gif
They should just say will not be on nintendo
In other words, No Homers.
Jesus, can't anyone read?  Summing up 99% of the posts:* OMG reposts suck!* The bottom portion is for a different game!* Poor Nintendo* You keep using that word...I do not think it means what you think it means
Instead, it should say Fuck you Nintendo.
They really want to let Nintendo know that they are disappointed. 
So what they mean is, Exclusively not on Nintendo consoles.
You keep using that word. I do not think it means what you think it means
Poor Mac users. 
I've seen this image posted on this sub so many times now...
How many times will this be reposted? 
This thing is exclusive like OP's mom. 
Fake and a repost, nice one!
Sounds about as exclusive as my ex girlfriend
Nintendo is sitting over in the corner crying. But it's okay Nintendo, that was a shitty ass creed.
Why not just say it's not available for Nintendo? lol.
Well mac and Linux isnt included
[Exclusive You keep using that word. I do not think it means what you think it means.](http://popkey.co/m/DQ3Rx-you+keep+using+that+word) 
The bottom half is for Assassins Creed: Rogue, Jesus you people post or should I say re-post anything for karma.
Well it's not on the commodore 64..
why do you people keep reposting this shit? It's 3 years old and the context is wrong, downvoted
Trump economics 101 
that has to be satire
INCLUSIVELYIt's the next big thing
Exclusively for everything. 
It should just say:not on nintendo stuff
There are some words the game industry ober uses to the point that they forget the meaning of the word itself. Like experience. This appears to be one of those cases.Either that or this is just a big fuck you to the Wii U.
Engage brain before posting, Unity wasn't released on the 360 and PS3, but Rogue was exclusively released on those consoles until it was ported up, if you looked, you would see the banner continues past the image bottom and has Rogue's cover art on it.
They did it because when this is a picture of Assassin's Creed Rogue.
Great job reposting OP. Now maybe you could show the rest of the picture where the bottom half is assassin's creed Rogue which was for older gen consoles. In this case Exclusively is used correctly.
I've seen this reposted at least 10 times. Cmon man...
Exclusively not on Nintendo
Poor Nintendo
This has been reposted so many times that everyone has forgotten that on the bottom was the ad for AC Rogue which was exclusively for 360 and PS3 at the time, later on pc. 
Why not just say, Assassin's Creed: Fuck Nintendo?
Ubisoft doesn't know what words mean. Word like iconic, exclusive, or finished. Any passing glance at the Assassins Creed plot can tell you this. They just string words together and how no one notices. For the most part, not many have.
Poor wii
Can't get it for my Dreamcast? So exclusive!!
Take THAT Nintendo...
Awww really wanted this on my iPhone  Damn you and your exclusives Ubisoft 
[Very Exclusive!](https://a2-images.myspacecdn.com/images03/35/15b85a3ef1c34c9da7d92aa4c29db969/300x300.jpg)
I'm sorry Mario :(
Suck it Nintendo. 
It's not on Mac or Wii WTF lol
Sad face (ouya owner)
Dang I was really wanting it for the GameCube 
EXCLUSIVELY FOR SALE! TO PEOPLE WITH MONEY! 
In other words... Screw Nintendo.
RIP Nintendo 
Damn, and I just bought a Turbo Graphics 16.
Damn, I was hoping to play on my snes
These guys' grammatical ineptitude literally blows my mind. 
It's even available in movie theaters, for crying out loud.
You keep using that word. I do not think it means what you think it means.
i just 100% AC4 last night, i feel accomplished and lost at the same time.
Fucking Sell outs
The same way people use literally
Just a friendly reminder that if you care about a title being exclusive to your platform, you're a fucking douchebag. Sorry I need to work on the friendly part. 
That's not what that word means. Why do they keep using it that way?
They're trying to say that we have to combine them all into one super gaming machine to play the game. 
This game is also exclusive to the United States. And other countries.
...that games was never on the 360 or PS3.
Its exclusive to this planet as well. Take that Martians.
Openly exclusive
New! and Improved!
Jeep Cherokee Limited.... to 2 million
Exclusively on everything...
Ubisoft not knowing the meaning of words doesn't suprise me. They already butcher the meaning of iconic.
This is like those popular kid groups in high school where everyone was allowed to join but me. In this case, Nintendo is me.
It's not available on Sega Saturn or my toaster oven - so technically still somewhat exclusive
Why does this always get posted when it's the stupidest image in the world? The bottom is cut off where it says Assassin's Creed ROGUE is exclusive to 360/PS3.
[Inconceivable!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G2y8Sx4B2Sk)
They LITERALLY don't know what exclusive means.
Not this post again
You keep using that word. I do not think it means what you think it means.
FML I bought a gameboy color just for this
The one game i bought my Vita for...
Their exclusivity knows no bounds! 
You keep using that word, but I don't think it mean what you think it means...
are they trolling or smthng?
Exclusively not on Nintendo consoles
Poor Nintendo...Wasn't invited to the party.
Ha eat it wii!
You keep using that word....
This bodes well for Nintendo Switch let me tell you.
When are these publishers going to wake up and realise exclusives like this just harm the ecosystem? I demand they release this on the Nintendo 64 I own immediately.
Will it come to Dreamcast at some point?
Isn't this fake?And a repost?
You keep on using that word. I do not think it means what you think it means.
Exclusively on anything. 
Well, its not on my samsung phone
https://youtu.be/G2y8Sx4B2Sk
What about my wii boi
You keep using that word.  I don't think it means what you think it means.
So I guess I cant run it on a Genesis?
Well, another year of ignoring Game Boy Advanced
You keep using that word, I do not think it means what you think it means!
You keep using that word. I don't think it means what you think it means.
So it's opposite day? 
When did people get exclusive confused with only on one system. 
What a time to be alive! It hasn't been released on the nintendo.. so yeah it's kinda exclusive! ;)
Fucking repost
Is that really a selling point for people? 
The way I took it was just a big slap in the face to Nintendo owners. 
You keep using that word.  I don't think it means what you think it means.
[deleted]
I can't enjoy my games unless nobody else does.
Not available on Gameboy? Damn exclusives
This is a deceptive picture. In the original, below the text in yellow, is a picture of Assassin's Creed: Rogue. 
This sucks! I wanted to play it on mobile.
This is nothing more than a trick on the gullible console users. Title everything as exclusive and they will think they are special snowflakes.
At least its not on the Wii
I
Awww , shame it isn't on a Atari Jaguar.
So, I can't play this on my toaster?
Why did you print out a photoshopped picture to make a slightly edited repost? Nice try OP.
Be this real ?Is ity?
that's ok they can keep it. if you played one of those games you played them all.
Shit, why didn't they also make it for Atari 2600?! SMH, bought the wrong console.
Well it's it on your Casio watch? ... Didn't think so.Check mate haters. 
Rip Wii u users
Oh this again
They trolling Nintendo
I don't think that word means what you think it means.
Fuck i was hoping this was going to come out on dreamcast
Ooooooo Ubisoft
Specifically not on wii
You keep saying that word. I do not think it means what you think it means.
this is how it will be when the switch comes out everything except nintendo
Exclusively inclusive?
Wait but is this game exclusively on xbox one, PS4 and PC?
Damnit I was looking forward to playing on Nintendo switch. FML
You keep using that word, I don't think it means what you think it means. 
Sorry nintendo!
That word does not mean what you think it means. 
I think they were think of the definition of 'also.'
I dont think that word means what they think it means.
Take that Sega Genesis! 
You keep using that word. I do not think it means what you think it means.
Poor Switch 
Very exclusive since most games play direct on the wall. Just chuck the cd at it and play.
Sorry, Wii users.
Alternative exclusivity.
That word, I don't think it means what you think it means
poor ouya
INCLUSIVELY
Oh man I can't play this on my pc....
I'm not seeing anything wrong with this. 
No dreamcast port, damn it.
It's not on vita so it's an exclusive 
You keep using that word. I do not think that it means what you think it means.
This is a bullshit picture (there's Mother game below,  rogue that was exclusive to the last gen)  but every time this mother fucker gets reposted I get pissed. This isn't oh I saw this too.   This is I'm a Karma whore because I'm reposting misleading information again and again. 
Poor nintendo
You keep using that word. I do not think it means what you think it means. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YIP6EwqMEoE
exclusively on my ass
Exclusively on every console, except Nintendo. 
No wii, wii u, 3ds, dreamcast, saturn, n64, gamecube, Mac, linux or 3do
Poor Nintendo
Damnit, devs always leaving out us dreamcast players 
On everything but your Nintendo
Almost sounds like a jab at Nintendo.
Darn all I have is an atari 2600, and a Novell workstation.
...and coming soon on: your in-dash entertainment center in your car, an MP3 player, the touch bar on the 2016 Macbook Pro, and the weird tablet built into your refrigerator.Much exclusive.Very wow.
Shoulda just said NO NINTENDO
Their slogan should just be called NOT ON NINTENDO
Exclusively sold on earth
This is a misleading image. This is a banner that was hanging outside E3 (2015?). Below the yellow bar was a picture of Assassin's Creed Black Flag, which WAS exclusive only to the last gen consoles.
NINTENDO! THEY FORGOT ABOUT NINTENDO!
pretty sure this is a repost...
Why does this keep getting reposted, let alone continue to be upvoted? 
so is exclusive the new literally?
You mean I can't play it on my N-Gage? Curses!
Exclusive on many consoles. This makes it extra exclusive.
Very repost
As much hate as that game got, I very much enjoyed it. There were *some* bugs, but I never experienced any of the major ones like the disappearing face. But I loved doing the co-op heists, so fun.
That word you keep using. I do not think it means what you think it means. 
Well its not on nintendo switch 
It's not on sega mega drive. Aww nuts.
I don't know why everyone is ragging on this. It's not coming out on the Jaguar, the 3D0, the Intellivision... I can think of a ton of consoles excluded.
Man I was really hoping I could get it for my Playstation 2. 
I think nindendo has known for 17 years now that they do not matterThis is just rubbing salt in wounds
When every console is exclusive... No console is. 
I mean it's not on any of the Sega or Nintendo platforms, it's not on atari or arcade, TI-83, or mobile, so it's quite exclusive.
Couldn't you wait more than a week to repost it 
Wii U sitting there likeyou left me out guys
Screw it!  Also exclusive on Sega Genesis, Atari 2600, and your potato camera!
You keep using that word. I do not think it means what you think it means.
Only in theaters
I do not think that word means what you think it means
Basically Fuck you Nintendo
Basically they were trying to subtly say, This ain't on Nintendo.
As stated from the last time this was posted, the bottom portion was shopped from a different AC poster.
Well I can't play it on my Ouya.
Exclusive from what, Collecovision?
Exclusively out of Nintendo platforms
What no Intellivision? Bastards. 
Rip Nintendo fans
Wouldn't it just be easier to say exclusively not on Nintendo 
Poor Nintendo....
Ubisoft keeps using that word. I do not think it means what they think it means.
'Exclusively not on Nintendo consoles'
well it's not on the wii 
You keep using this word 'exclusive.' I don't think you know what it means.
I feel like you do not know the meaning of this word.
Exclusively not on Wii UAlso exclusively not on Wii
Take that Nintendo!!
So i cant play on wii?? Bullshit!
It's exclusive because it's not on the Wii U. 
Fuck, so I guess I can't play it on my Ouya.
Soo... Can't play it on my microwave?
Hey it is pretty exclusive they don't have a Commodore 64 version 
This should be enough reason to show how bad Ubisoft is, they are ALL about the money, they have good game ideas but never execute them properly making them rush games.. i know this pic was a joke but please stop buying from this company 
Soooo, every viable gaming platform except the Wii U. 
Exclusive means exclusive about as much as literally means literally. We've taken the language and spun it and fucked it so hard that it doesn't even matouheswo  fangndejrgfw.
Damn, now i cant use my Atari 2600...
you're saying I can't play this on my atari?... WHAT THE SHIT UBISOFT!!!!
It's an old post, but it checks out. 
2 months? Okay, I've learned the appropriate time to repost.
Good luck playing it on an Atari.
You keep using that word. I do not think it means what you think it means.
Exclusively not for Nintendo Wii
Exclusive... https://imgur.com/uuH2o
I wonder how many times this can be reposted
AC Unity was exclusively terrible. 
Just as exclusive as Rachel Maddows polling information hahahahahaha
That's Ubisoft for you. So desperate to pedal shit franchises that they will pitifully overruse iconic and exclusive. 
Someone get Ubisoft a dictionary.
Advertising is the reason humanity is doomed to fail.  
great repost!
Ex-girlfriend or exclusive-girlfriend
God Dammit I wanted all the Karma of an ex-girlfriend comment.
She didn't fuck with Wii's?
Oh don't worry son the Dr says that your cancer is exclusive to your brain. And your eyeballs, And your toes, And also it spread to both of your lungs. Very exclusive. 
What's her #? I'm pretty inclusive right now.
Hahaha perfect comment. I can relate!
Too real :(
I'm here for up votes
Well, its not very exclusive if its available for multiple competing gaming platforms. Thats like saying: Finding Dory: exclusive to Blu-Ray, Amazon Video, iTunes, Hulu, and Netflix.
Rogue released for pc as well 
Sweet, the same comment that needs to go to the top when this is posted every other week. 
Nintendo got the shaft on this deal .... 
I thought rouge still came out on pc
Why wasn't rogue released on PS4 and XB1?
Can it even be exclusive to two things, isn't the nature of exclusivity singular? 
> exclusive to XB1, PS4, and PCThat is still a terrible fucking definition of exclusive by itself. 
that's not how exclusive works...
This picture is also a repost of a photoshopped picture. OP printed this one out though.
You're right, but people who haven't seen this repost before won't understand where you're coming from. They only care that it's not TECHNICALLY exclusive. You're not wrong, Reddit is just assholes.
Then again, saying the game is 'exclusive' to Xbox1, PS4 and PC (all current gen systems) is kinda retarded from the start.
Dicking us over in the past from the future. 
No 486 version or Pentium Pro really annoys me - they underestimate how many of us can't afford this new stuff...
You say that as a joke but Windows Vista and below doesn't work for this game.
Previous generations ? we're still on PC not PC 2.
Or wiiu
But PC gaming is too expensive. I would rather pay 3 times for the same product. /s
Nor N-Gage.
Poor Mac, although he's a little shit, he deserves to serve those who don't care about their money.
gamecube was dead by the time xbox360 and ps3 was around. not that either of these games would have been on it
RIP capcom five.
All I see is an exclusive post !
http://karmadecay.com/results/u8485064
Just the top, listing the game as exclusively available on *three* platforms, is dumb enough.
They'd have to have taken the picture.  This exact image comes up about once a month with a hurr de durr exclusive title.
And that makes the terribly incorrect use of 'exclusively' better somehow?That's like fox saying they have an exclusive interview, meanwhile cnn,cnbc,the post, and the Guardian have all obtained almost identical interviews as well from the same source.
I noticed the same thing, what is up with that?
What did I miss?
The full image has assassins creed rogue in the yellow box.  Unity is exclusive to current generation and rogue is exclusive to last gen.
Inconceivable!
I've seen this post with this comment as a title before, I'm sure.
Check again, it is on mine... 
The full image has assassins creed rogue in the yellow box.  Unity is exclusive to current generation and rogue is exclusive to last gen.
LMAOO the salt in this thread 
Hyuck yuk!
>I do not think it means what you think it meansLiterally the next post I saw after yours
Or, more accurately stop making hardware no one fucking wants, Nintendo, just make games for everything else and stop wasting our time
No, they're using it right.
17
But seriously get your shit together nintendo
Karma is love, karma is life.
I would play Assassins Creed: Rogue Jesus. 
I've never seen it
The full image has assassins creed rogue in the yellow box.  Unity is exclusive to current generation and rogue is exclusive to last gen.
You would have made that face whether you saw this (re)post or not. 
No, they're using it right.
Dreamcast and neo geo have a release date for later this month, but looks like Sega genesis is gonna be a while.  
Fake? No. Repost? Definitely.It's a photo of half a poster. Ubisoft released 2 Assassin's creed games pretty close to each other, Unity and Rogue. Unity was only for PS4, XB1 and PC. Rogue was only for PS3 and 360 (eventually PC too).The full poster was trying to show that each of the 2 games were exclusive to those consoles on their respective consoles generations, but they cropped out the part showing AC:Rogue underneath.
It isn't changing the definition of the word. They're using it correctly.
>You keep using that word. I don't think it means what you think it meansFTFY
Were you born this stupid or did someone make you this way?
[Go fuck yourself, content thief.](https://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/5tgbdn/comment/ddmdcv7?st=IZ1NF1QO&amp;sh=903c2c07)
Apparently the second leads to the first. 
I exclusively put it in her butt because the front door was basically a commercial loading dock.
Alternative girlfriend.
Yes
Yes
Humour is the only way I can deal with my love life right now. Quite sad tbh but, as you rightly observed, it brings in all that sweet karma. 
How about for OP's mom ? There's still that.  
Well it still is, unity was not released on previous-gen and rogue not on next-gen
You don't know what exclusive means. It doesn't mean one system, it means it excludes other systems or platforms. In you Finding Dory example youtube, dvd, vhs, vimeo, and a plethora of other video viewing mediums are excluded, therefore its exclusive to the ones you listed. 
Maybe they were trying to put a positive spin on the fact that it wouldn't be available on the last gen consoles?
still better than saying Fuck DVDs
Hey it's not on VHS so that means it's exclusive! 
I'm not sure you know what exclusive means. It just means it's excluding things (like all of the last gen platforms). Doesn't mean it excludes every single thing except one. Like if you say something is repetitive, it doesn't mean every single detail is being repeated. Those are the furthest extremes of the words meaning.
Wasn't on Wii-U, so they left one platform out for Unity from that generation of consoles.
exclusiveikskloosiv/adjectiveadjective: exclusive    1.    excluding or not admitting other things.    my exclusive focus is on San Antonio issues        unable to exist or be true if something else exists or is true.        these approaches are not exclusive; many students will combine them        synonyms:	incompatible, irreconcilable        mutually exclusive alternatives        (of terms) excluding all but what is specified.        synonyms:	not including, excluding, leaving out, omitting, excepting        prices exclusive of sales tax        antonyms:	inclusive    2.    restricted or limited to the person, group, or area concerned.It doesn't mean excluding everything but one thing. Just means it's excluding things lol
That's literally a good example you gave for the word exclusive. It doesn't mean one necessarily. 
Not for another 3 months after console release. I don't think they had announced the PC version yet.
It did, 5 months later.
Rogue was released for people who hadn't gotten either of the next generation of console yet, it used the older  version of the Assassin's Creed engine as well.
Because ubisoft is odd.  They also have said they won't release rogue for backwards compatability.  
Being exclusive can refer to something applying to a group of things but not others.  Assassin's Creed Unity was exclusive to next gen consoles and PC while Rogue was exclusive to last gen consoles.Some people are having a hard time getting their head around 3 different platforms being lumped into the same group.  Since exclusive is usually used as marketing buzzword in gaming meaning only one platform.  But it's been used to refer to things that have a shared characteristic that other things don't have for much longer than that.Edit: Much longer as in since the 15th century.
As others in this thread have said, this was when the current gen consoles were very new and pretty rare, so it was a big deal for it to not be releasing on PS3 and 360.  Think of it like Exclusive to new-gen systems and it makes more sense.
Look at Mr. Fancypants here with his fancy Pentium Pro! All I have for gaming is a wooden abacus. 
Really? Damn. I really can't afford a new PC right now just for this game 
I'm sure that's a direct X thing though. 
I heard PC10 recently dropped? 
Little Mac?
>Gamecube was dead by the timeTHE END
Very repost
It's posted exclusively once a month.
Look at the very top 
This Plz
49
No, I had to work at it. 
Such is why AC:Unity is on the ex-box.
[deleted]
Poor /u/mydickcuresAIDS, he can heal anyone but himself.

Well, she sucks, literally.   You deserve better than someone who would lie and cheat on you. She did you a favor in a way, she showed her true colors before you ended up married. Now what you do with what you learned from this relationship, is what makes it a good or bad thing. My first relationship was abusive and a wreck, but I learned what I didn't like in a person, I learned to look for signs of a bad relationship before it's really bad. I learned to speak up for myself and my feelings and wants. I learned to say no and to look for someone that enjoys my company and I enjoy theirs. I learned about how trust is earned over a long period of time and if they betray your trust when they promised early in the relationship to do something, even a little things that meant a lot, to bail out because they tend to continue breaking promises. Of course you can become too vigilant and push people away, so it's good to keep a balance. But honestly without being completely decimated in my first relationship I'd probably not have ended up with my awesome husband. Or at least that's what my therapist tells me, because people like me tend to make bad choices after childhood abuse and other abuse. So I dunno, take what you will out of my long paragraphs. But know this, you deserve better, you don't need to settle or give up. Just look at this like a bump in the road of life and move forward. TLDR: You deserve someone who respects and loves you enough that they'd never want to cheat on you or hurt you, your ex is bitch. 
So, any game that doesn't come out on the Commodore 64 is exclusive?Resident Evil 4 exclusively on the Gamecube, Playstation 2, PC, Wii, Playstaton 3, XBox 360, Playstation 4, XBox 1, Android, IOS, and Zeebo!
Rogue did come to PC though so that's something.
Is it really exclusive when it is on all 3 top performing platforms? I would accept, Only on PS4, Xbox One, and PC. As far as the expected platforms a next-gen game would be on, this is rather *inclusive*.
But it was still released on 3 competing platforms, not exclusively 1.
Rogue was later releqsed on PC though don't know if that counts as nezt gen though.
Rogue was released on PC, the only platform to have both
Exclusive: restricted or limited to the person, group, or area concerned.I think they meant available on.
But what about current gen? No AC there. 
This is a not very smart attempt at justification
excluding or not admitting other things.Meaning one console to be exclusive. It's not exclusive if it's on multiple consoles. 
Exclusive in gaming meant that it was exclusive for a single console.. not exclusive on all the newer consoles, plus the pc..Not discussing the meaning of exclusive, just the context in which it was used vs how it is used now..So no, a game is not exclusive if it is available on all platforms. it is exclusive if it is only on pc, only on ps4, or only on xb1
[deleted]
Yeah, its hardly a selling point. Exclusive: will only run on iOS 7 or later!
Still managed to be better than Unity, but hey \\\_()_/
What about a remaster with 3,liberation & rogue
Atleast we can do both on pc Though.  Its extremely weird why they did that.... Atleast its cheap last gen I guess
They're just trying to maintain their credibility after seeing this picture on Reddit a thousand times and feeling self-conscious.
It was a pretty important distinction at the time when a lot of big franchises were releasing for One/PS4 with a scaled down version for 360/PS3. 
I feel sorry for you - heard the only game for it is Basic Algebra. Not even including any DLC like modern exponentials or infinite pi.
You kids today and your abacuses and your arabic numerals! Back in my day, we played with rocks, and we counted on our fingers! And we didn't always have all ten because times were tough! And we were thankful! Sheesh!!
Update to 10 for free. It works again. Sad state but VISTA is getting a bit old and Microsoft is done handing out any updates. Also locked to dx10
Lot of people were on OP's ex-box. 
I always came first so it must be the second.
It's ironic how he could save others from death, but not himself.
Wow, that's really nice of you to say. It did hurt a lot when she did what she did and it took me a few months to even get back to normal but I'm a wiser soul now and I've revised my expectations of relationships. I'm willing to wait for someone who understands me and is willing to stick it out (man, it's weird to be a guy talking about commitment though). Thanks a lot for your advice! 
I understand your point, but in this case they are specifically identifying which games on which console. It seems ridiculous, but it makes perfect sense when they released one title of a series on current gen and the other only on last gen. That's not something many developers would do so specifying all the consoles probably would add less confusion. 
They did it because when this game came out, it was still in the awkward period when most games were still being released on current gen and last gen. They made this sign to show that this game wasn't being released on last gen, and that Rogue wasn't being released on next gen. They didn't mean it was exclusive to these three competing platforms, they meant it was exclusive to next gen. 
It's the most fun in the fuck!Jontron reference due to Zeebo 
Look, you're arguing semantics. The sign is there to indicate *to customers who don't know better* what game can be played on what console.
Its a bit ridiculous, but the idea was that we were still in the in-between of console releases and development. So whether it was coming out on previous or next gen consoles is kind of an important indicator.
No. These games came out during a weird transitional period where the old gen was still expected to be widely supported together with the new gen. So it's important to point out if something is only exclusive to the new generation of consoles. We're pretty much past that point now.
PC is all-gen.
If we're being fair, there was a several month gap before that happened.
When it came out, Ps4 and Xbox One made up a tiny fraction of the gaming market. It was a big deal that it wasn't going to be on ps3/360
Yes. Are you aware that word exclusive can pertain to more than just one thing? 
It still is exclusive because it is EXCLUDING the previous gen consoles. This was at the time when most games were still coming out on both gens.
It should basically just say not on Nintendo.
It's not on the Wii. That's a competing platform.
It was released EXCLUSIVELY for next generation platforms and the all generation PC. Not for last generation platforms.
person, group, or area AKA, next gen platforms.
>Exclusive: restricted or limited to the person, **group**, or area concerned.Group...as in group of consoles....as in only current gen consoles, not past gen consoles. The word is used correctly.
Well it was exclusive to that generation of consoles, at that time most games still released on current and previous gen.
What are you even trying to argue anyway? Do you find the banner confusing or misleading in some way because it uses the word exclusively instead of being worded differently, even if the message it's trying to convey is accurately conveyed with the word exclusively? What about its usage bothers you?
That's how it's always used for everything, that's what the word means.  It just started with single system exclusivity and you, like most people, misinterpreted the definition.  You italicized exclusively in a context that suggests you still think it means only one. These deals can be made with a number of platforms. The sign in ops picture is saying the top game will be released on the top systems only and the bottom game will be released on the bottom systems only. It's a completely accurate marketing device and just as widely used as single system exclusivity.
Not necessarily an achievement.
They have no plans for 3 or rogue to make it to the current generation stuff. 
We need a book called Games For Your Abacus.
Don't be silly...  it also runs advanced arithmitic and fun with decimals just fine!
Forgot the /s
Underrated response of the year.
I see you have heard the tale of darth plagrous the wise. 
He IS the Senate! 
Until he has a rib removed
Kind of like Wilford Brimley. Right, Hoopz?
Until he visits /r/Selffuck and learns to cure himself. VERY NSFW btw
Yes, but you could do that without the word exclusively 
The word exclusive means it's only on one platform because it's excluding all of the others. If it's available on multiple platforms, why not just say Available on X, Y, and Z without using the word exclusive at all?
So this definition of exclusive is only confusing to 99% of prospective purchasers then.
Should be available on, PC isn't part of the console generations.
That's fine and all but they shouldn't use the word exclusive in that case. 
[deleted]
Yep, I am arguing what the word Exclusive means.  You know, the subject of this entire thread.
How about Available on?
I mean in terms of hardware I think it would be considered a certain generation, however you can play pretty much every game that has come to PC on it. 
Well, technically the different versions of OS would count as different generations since code that's good on Windows 95 may or may not work on Windows 8, but releases are staggered enough and have enough cross-compatibility between direct neighbors that it's largely irrelevant.
True.
Pedantically, grammatically, yes. But in context--as an industry term in video games--exclusive has always meant only one platform, period.
That context does make more sense but I still feel the word should have been replaced with only.
Battlefield 4 is exclusive because it isnt on snes
Ah so you and your girlfriend are exclusive as long as she can name a couple of older guys she HASN'T fucked?   Got it.... ;-)
new word, excludesive.Context My girlfriend and I have an excludesive relationship. She fucks everyone excluding me.
I was responding, but then I realized I was typing the exact same post you responded to. My argument still stands.
[deleted]
It was the only AC game I actually beat. I'd say it's one of the best.
Well 3 is on wii U (not technically last gen)
Which is surprising. It's not something the Jedi would tell you. 
The word exclusive actually means it's on the ones stated and excludes everything else. I could say exclusively on Xbox and Playstation to make it clear its not on PC.Don't get it confused with the combination of games being called 'Xbox Exclusive' because that does mean it's only on Xbox, but you can say it's exclusively on any number of consoles and still be fine.Edit: exclusively not exclusive
It's weird phrasing, but that's not necessarily what exclusive means. It's just a synonym for only.
Why, because years later someone on the internet will make a snarky comment? Using the term exclusive worked fine in explaining that Unity was exclusive to the then-next gen, while rouge exclusive to the previous generation. But of course it's popular to shit on Ubisoft and by inclusion, Unity, so reap the rewards of that low-effort /r/gaming karma.
Exclusive literally means restricted or limited to a person, group, or concern.Being exclusive to next gen consoles (And PC), is the proper use of the word.
Let's be clear:  We'd be having this exact same post and comment thread if they had said:- Assassin's Creed: Unity - Only On PS4, Xbox One, and PC- Assassin's Creed: Rogue - Only on PS3 and Xbox 360 ^1^1 *Rogue wasn't out on PC until 5 months later*I mean, quite literally, this subreddit has posted images that hit the frontpage of Sony advertising Only on PS4 and PC, and the comments were basically the same.Neither of these made it onto Wii-U/Wii in the same respective console generations, so that's part of their little exclusively on marketing.  It's fluff that makes the brand of your liking, be it Sony or MS, sound subconsciously better while listing bothas exclusive in the same statement.  Exclusively On / Only On used to mean the console maker made a deal with the company and it was only on one system.  Seeing it meant Sony/MS/Whoever saw something in this and made sure to invest in it for only their system!  What did they see?  Did they see great things and jump in to lock it up exclusively?  I need to check this out!.They're using past marketing techniques to subconsciously get you thinking about it by throwing in the word exclusive.Remember, marketing only has to be technically correct.  Beyond that, whatever generates the most notice / interest / sales is considered fair game.
> Well, its not very exclusive if its available for multiple competing gaming platformsWas the first comment. Which is in reply to OPs' post. The title of which is Very exclusive, which is meant to be sarcastic.
Exclusive is still the correct word to use.
In terms of hardware it would be considered every generation due to its flexibility.
When they say PS4 exclusive then yes. But like the original picture does, you can use exclusive to mean more than one console.
I agree with you.  When people talk about console exclusives, they usually mean only on Sony/Microsoft/Nintendo platforms.With these arguments Halo isn't a console exclusive because it's been on Xbox/360/XB1.
Actually yes, it just means she is exclusive to the guys she HAS fucked.
>If a product is being sold exclusively by one store, you won't be able to find it anywhere else.And if it's being sold exclusively by multiple stores it will only be found in those stores.If you're going to quote Merriam-Webster why not,  instead of scrolling down to the did you know section to find a quite that tenuously supports your claim, use the actual definition of the word you looked up? >a:excludingor having power toexclude  b: limiting or limited to possession, control, or use by a single individual or **group**I'm realizing you won't be convinced though, you're twisting citations and using second rate sources because you can't admit you're wrong.  I'm going to stop trying to convince you because you're exhausting. 
Brotherhood is the best IMO.
> Having only played about 50% of assassin's Creed games, I can confidently say that the only one of the 3 games that I actually played to completion is the one of the best in the entire series. Why even comment?
Nintendo is its own generation.  Is the switch current generation or next?
Get out.
if you make a top 10 Ps2 exlusive games, would you put half life?
exclusivenoun 1. an item or story [game in this case] published or broadcast by only one source [platform in this case].
Retard is a synonym for delay, but I don't see any publishers calling their games retarded. 
No, not trying to be snarky or anything. In fact it *would* have been more appropriate to say exclusively next-gen, but reading exclusively for [lists more than one thing] is like the eyeball equivalent of nails on a chalkboard 
True, but context matters. The fact that there's this debate proves that Exclusive in this matter was the wrong word to pick. That's english for you. 
The word exclusive means it's only on one platform because it's excluding all of the others. If it's available on multiple platforms, why not just say Available on X, Y, and Z without using the word exclusive at all?noun 1. an item or story [game in this case] published or broadcast by only one source [platform in this case].
So>Resident Evil 4 available **exclusively** on the Gamecube, Playstation 2, PC, Wii, Playstaton 3, XBox 360, Playstation 4, XBox 1, Android, IOS, and Zeebo!Would be entirely accurate and that is the best possible word to use?
True although I would say graphics cards from a certain time period belong to that time period. You could kinda say the same thing if the consoles were backwards compatible.Although I do get what you are saying 100%.
You can, grammatically. Just like I can go into a Kingdom Hearts forum and talk about the characters' literal blood-pumping hearts. That doesn't make this any less misleading in-context. As I said before, there is a decades-long precedent of exclusive in reference to a video game meaning one platform. Period. End of story. You can be as pedantic as you like in your transparently desperate need to be right, but in-context, which is really all that matters, you are just wrong. 
Of course this makes the word exclusive meaningless unless fucking every person in the world become a viable option...
I think I need to meet your girlfriend... Not you, just her...
I never played the original games so I only know from AC4 and up. I couldn't get AC3 to run on my PC at all so I can't have an opinion on that.
Because I think Rogue is the best out of the ones I have played?
I'd say it's next
exclusivelyadverbadverb: exclusivelyto the exclusion of others; only; solely.Products produced exclusively for independent retailers/specified audiencesExclusively means to the exclusion of all those specifically mentioned.The poster does not use the word exclusive.
So just because some people don't understand it, then it means it's wrong.  
Context does matter.And context makes the use of the word correct when youre in an era where it is unclear if something is going to be on next gen or previous console.
The fact that there is this debate means the ad did exactly what they intended.  They are TECHNICALLY correct;  those games were only on those systems at those times and nothing else.But people noticed and had a discussion about that word exclusively, and have been reposting this ever since.  That's very effective marketing.  The word itself may have been the difference between barely looking at the ad versus seeing exclusively out of the corner of your eye and stopping to read the rest.  If that works, then they do it.  That's marketing and advertising at it's core.  This ad was never really about the exclusivity, but using it to draw you in WORKS.
Context does matter.And context makes the use of the word correct when youre in an era where it is unclear if something is going to be on next gen or previous console.
You keep arguing with them saying they need to be right but you are doing the exact same thing. Both of you are correct, accept that and stop being an ass. You are just as desperate in your quest to be right.
Execpt when games were announced as exclusively on PlayStation platorms or exclusively on consoles.
Who pissed in your Wheaties this morning? 
You're the one being extremely pedantic. You're applying a very specific definition to a word and excluding its context just so you can say you're right to complain about the picture.
Well no, when people use exclusive they usually say This is exclusive to ______  (like the original picture). When someone just says something is exclusive it could mean exclusive to anything.
Already checked OP's mom off the list.
You're adding nothing to the conversation other than hey I played rogueYou aren't in a position to critique the game as one of the best in the series. Nowhere in that OP do you stipulate that it's one of the best out of the 3 you played in a series of at least 10 games. 
Not necessarily, but it creates confusion. A great example is Theory. For the average layman, a theory is an idea to account for a situation or a proposed set of actions. A private detective might use the word as to say, I have a theory that your wife is having relations with her yoga instructor based on very circumstantial evidence! which is, as most will agree, a completely correct way to use the word. A scientist, on the other hand, might use the word as to say The theory of gravity shows one of the fundamental forces of the universe. Again, the correct usage of the word, though this time theory means something more akin to an explanation based on significant observations, experimentation, and data using principles independent of one another which, as we can all agree, is much different than the first example. However, the issue arises when people conflate the two forms of theory (the layperson form and the specific industry form) with one another, which almost always means that people assume that the stronger form of the word is, in reality, meaning the weaker. Just because a word was used in a proper format, doesn't mean that it was the proper word. 
Exclusive generally means console or platform exclusive, singular. For example, Ni No Kune was PS3 exclusive, but the sequel isn't because it's on the PC too. to contrast, Gears of War 4 was advertised as only on Windows because while it's not exclusive in the industry terms, you can only play it on windows platforms. When you say Exclusive, you automatically think that only one platform can run it, whereas by saying only you're saying what platforms specifically can run it. 
There is nothing in your definition of exclusive in your other post about the specific context being a frame of reference that it is used.  You've pulled that out of the ether.Also, the generation thing makes no sense for this game anyhow, as PC is not part of the generation, so it falls out of that criteria anyhow, and Wii U is part of that generation but is unmentioned anywhere.Also, there is even more uncertainty for what consoles RE4 would be for, as few games span so many generations, so clearly the same ridiculous context would be relevant becuase of it.
How am I adding nothing? I just stated my opinion and you are getting angry over it. I just said I think Rogue is one of the best AC games I played because the advertisement is for Rogue.
This guy fucks.
[removed]
I just wish the game had more players on PC.
Infinite Warfare does this too!! Super glad devs are taking this into account. 
**Titanfall 2**
What about joining a game that you side is winning? Shouldn't count as a win?
If I had photoshop I would post this quote on that meme of the black guy tapping his head but put a titan fall helmet over his face. There you go. 1000 karma guaranteed.
this reminds me of the time i played MW 2. i joined the game, i spawned in a building and ram out of it. instantly killed by a camper and it was game over. i didnt get a chance to do anything
Paging /r/Rainbow6
Quite a few games do this... 
Doesn't count as a repost, if you get to many upvotes.
But the question is how long do you have to be in the game before it does count as a loss.
Black ops 3 does this as well
Overwatch gives you extra exp for filling in, which is pretty solid as well. Sometime I fill in and the game only has 8 secs left and you get a good bit of free XP for your wasted time. 
Overwatch does this from what I know.
Joining losing games?Bitch please, we at Team Fortress 2 join **already** finished games.Thanks for your love Volvo
There shouldn't be ranked games that allow you to join mid game.... 
[ill just leave this here](http://karmadecay.com/r/gaming/comments/5td9zd/every_game_should_learn_from_this/?st=IZ21XYR7&sh=930b9dc8) 
What if they turn it around and start winning ?
Protocol Three: Protect the Pilot.    :(
Cod iw does this too. 
Most fps games don't give you a loss if you join mid game 
Im all for stroking myself to a titanfall post but they didnt pioneer that idea
what game is that
Is there a way to find your k/d in this game? It's not on the main stat page
Does that mean it does Not count as a loss when I join a game opposing thelegend27?    ;)
You get more points, if you join a losing game?
every game? how do i join a losing game when playing single player games?
Titan Fall doesn't get enough credit for introducing a lot of small, but great features to FPS multiplayer. 
this would be amazing. needs to be incorporated into every game for sure. 
Yeah I hate joining matches that instantly say defeat then cripple my win ratio and I had no control and didn't even move once before losing
Don't a ton of games do this?
Doesn't count as a win, if you join a winning game
Especially in the last 15 seconds!
Most fps that are online do like cod and overwatch 
most games do this lol
But does it count as a win if you join a winning game?
Other games do this too, cod for example also has this implemented 
As long as you don't get a chance to do anything.
COD Black ops 3 did this first i'm pretty sure.
CoD starting doing this in BO3. Still does it. 
Im always thinking the robut is like please dont shit on my arm. We've been over this
In the original Titanfall I joined so many matches like this and about 50% of the time would end up winning. If you have not played Titanfall 2 please give it a chance and remember free DLC's. 
I always get autobalanced to the losing side in battlefield 4
Who cares if it counts as a loss though?
When you rip as hard as I do it doesn't matter, I'll go knuckle deep in your pisser and send you back to momma crying for a refund. Take the t-sack you fucking nerds. 
On overwatch you gain extra XP for joining a losing game. 
How does this turn out in reality tho? I like the idea, I just have a feeling that with a shit community (mobas, overwatch, etc.) people would go Oh we're already losing? LET'S GO FULL DERP! NOTHING TO LOSE! and troll for the rest of the game. Maybe I am wrong? Cereal question.
Wish battlefield did this... I've joined way too many games of operations and immediately known I was gonna lose but am unable to switch teams and unwilling to back out. It's a real bummer
Overwatch does this too I believe 
I think the stats counters in general are what created a more hostile online Environment. If you lost, it used to not matter.Now there's a pressure to win that makes everyone all judgemental of their teammates' skill levels.
Cod does that too I'm pretty sure. 
TF1>TF2
many many many games do this
>Join TF2 game>Game immediately ends>As usual I was placed on the losing teamT-Thanks game I appreciate it.
question: does it count as a win if you join a winning game?
MWR does it
Believe this happens in Overwatch, too!
I'm seriously contacting the EA team to do this in Battlefield 1. I could use some better stats, to make my girlfriend proud.
Then shouldn't it not count as a win if you join a winning game?
Games should also have a bonus if you switch to a losing team.
Black ops 3 does this
I think this only really works if victorys  also don't count as a win when you join in mid game. The issue with only discredited losses is that it artificially boosts your WR, so it's always higher than what it should be. Basically if you want to boost a heroes WR on overwatch(Where wins count as a win, but loses don't count when joining midgame), just pick a hero whos WR you want to boost everytime you join midgame. 
When I am dropped into a losing Rocket League game, I do everything to make sure we turn it around. You don't have that motivation when it's risk-free. 
The worst game I've ever played for this was Halo 4. I think they eventually fixed it but when the game first came out it would throw you into any game that someone had quit from with no limitations. Which means like half the time you would jump into matchmaking and end up in a game that's 48-9 or something. That's two kills before the end of the game. So it would load the game, you'd pick your loadout and then the second you spawned it would say YOU LOSE and the game would end. 
If anyone wants to to trade for this... i got you :p
Call of Duty does this...
Correct me if I'm wrong but I'm pretty sure the new CODs do this
Call of Duty has been doing this for a while. 
does it count as a win when you turn losing game into winning round?
Good games wont even be joinable mid game if im not there from the start fuck off puting me in mid game.
too easy to manipulate but a good idea
Black ops 3 does this. Overwatch does this. 
I thought black ops 3 didn't give you a loss joining games mid match?
but does it count as a win if you enter a wining game?  it just doesn't count anything when you join too late, that is all. I think there is a few games that have that feature.
There's already a few games that do this
 Or they should learn from the earlier Halos. Don't join a match once it's already in progress.
These men are saints.
Either way this is one of the most under-rated fps games of all time. Unfortunate COD still has a fanbase as opposed to this game as both games are quite similar but TF2 actually requires skill.
Overwatch plsssss
When me and my homies would join in on a losing team we would just pick up the slack and make a victory out of it. Different game (bf3) but my message is clear
I like the first one better because of the mission style multiplayer. It's so much more epic.
Cough cough.. blops 3 and infinite warfare do this too.. cough cough
Titan fall is fucking awesome. Respawn knows how to make a game.
I'm looking at you, Rocket League..
Didn't call of booty do this in 2008?
Call of Duty also does this.
Absolutely infuriates me when I play Overwatch.
Call of Duty does this. Black Ops 3 and IW do it. I don't know if the older ones do. 
MWR does this too. And it isn't the first COD to do it. 
I hate call of duty but they have been doing this for a while.
I'm pretty sure black ops 3 and possibly infinite warfare have a similar feature. If you join a game that's already started, if you win it counts as a win, if you lose it doesn't count as a loss.
Why do you care if its recorded as a loss? Based on the fact people can join late I'm assuming this is casual mode or whatever its called so you're not losing a ranking/MMR. Does the game give you a lifetime winrate or something?
Most games actually do this...nothing to learn here
This game is everything call of duty should have been and I'm so happy it's doing well
Cs go needs this in MM. To many russians leaving.Or GTA online heists..
Got the game few weeks ago. Very, very good.
Black ops 3 has this too
Black ops 3 and Infinite Warfare do this too
Neither does infinite warfare.  Developers are learning. 
COD Infinite Warfare does it. 
Dead game fanboy
Makes me think of earlier I was playing Overwatch, joined a game, not even enough time to even pick a character before seeing 'Defeat'. I'm like wtf 
Ya'll praise this game, but always keep your mouths shut about the bugs. Seems pretty one sided.
I wish Battlefield 1 did this. 
Kind of like baseball if you're a pitcher.
Pretty sure most games do this, not really a new feature
Infinite Warfare did this too
What if you start winning but lose anyway? 
Another reason why this is the best game that no one is playing. 
Most FPS do that. 
I would agree if they took away victories as well. 
call of duty does that
As long as you don't get a win for joining a winning games.
Fucking rocket league Everytime
ffs, there were many other games that implemented this before shitty Titanfall. This was not new.Also, way to repost this with the same exact title like it has been done  times prior.Edit:https://www.reddit.com/search?q=Every+game+should+learn+from+thisReposting pos
Wow, thanks for the info. I was rolling my eyes every time I joined a losing game. From now on I won't mind!
Ahhh yes, the there are no losers generation is ruining video games too.  Get over it, you lost you lost, whether you joined late or not.  Learn humility instead of avoidance.
[now I regret not getting this game](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vtvxSAM_JOc)
I wish they would do something similar to battlefield 1 operations
I loved Titan mode in Battlefront 2142. Even if you lost your Titan with explosions all around you it gave you enough time to run out of a giant exploding flying barge and parachute safely to the ground. Then snipe people doing the same thing.
You can only play tdm which sucks after a while
We need Xbox play anywhere for this game. If we could merge PC with console we'd actually get some games going even a queue. Right now it's 0 players on all but one playlist.
That's the only reason I still have yearns to play a console every now and then. Like being able to play a game and never have to wait because of so many players. But on pc it's hit or miss and depends on the game.
Sums up my thoughts on pc gaming in general unless you're going to play an mmo. I really enjoy it, but I really wish companies would get over themselves and let us have cross play. 
The player base is already lacking? That's a shame
I wish this game just had more players in general.
Yeah, I had fun playing, but I have to wait a very long time for matches on PC. Kills the fun for me, I don't have a lot of time for gaming in my days so I don't want to spend chunks of it staring at matchmaking screen.
their arrogant release date did them in and I don't feel any pity for them in slightest.
Blame the publishers for that. If it would have been on Steam, would have been plenty of players, but this is EA, they don't have to care.
So does black ops 3
> Infinite Warfare does this too!! Super glad devs are taking this into account.It's been in CoD for years.
But does it count as a loss if you join a losing game and then leave before it's over?
Ah, but that would require me buying Infinite Warfare. 
What's infinite warfare? 
Yeah pretty much every AAA shooter released in the last 10 years has this feature, we're just trying to think of reasons to jerk off Titanfall 2 because it turned out that people just didn't really enjoy it so very few people still play it 
Where's that Office Space gif at when you need it?
The image is from Titanfall1 but its true for 2 too.
I don't really think that this happens too much.I mean the logical consensus would be that people who're losing the game leave the server. Therefore you're able to join a running game which will almost always end up you joining the losing team since people already left there 
Not sure if it counts as a win in overwatch but I know you do get a Backfill Xp boost for staying for the rest of the game 
Taking peoples empty spots after they've left should just be eliminated altogether, instead just punish those who leave harder.I've had so many times in rainbow 6 siege where I join a solo queue ranked game only to load in literally just as the defeat screen shows up, then I lose ranking for it. That's bullshit no matter what way you slice it, I shouldn't be punished for some other fuckwits actions. The offender should be reprimanded upon leaving, and no a 30 min timed ban from ranked isn't enough. Take something of value from the leaver like they did to the people who they abandoned and the person who took their loss.
This doesn't happen often. After joining a dozen losing matches in progress, by the time you're dropped into a winning one you'll feel like the game owes you a free win. 
Ahh the good old days. I've been waiting with a fevered dream of a MW2 Remaster. 
2019 will be your year (probably holidays 2018). 10 year anniversary of the initial release just like modern warfare remastered.
Yes please.
That only really counts for casual. You can't join a ranked game in progress, which is the only place that it matters all that much.
If you join a losing game, no matter how much time you spend in the match it will not count as a loss. 
Yeah but they don't count when you lose.
No it doesn't count as a loss on our W/L record 
Name literally a single one. Keep in mind the no loss if you join a losing game was in almost every shooter that came out in 2016, most of which came out before Titanfall 2. 
Seriously 10 seconds left and I just joined on the losing side
Nothings stopping you from getting it now
I shit on it for so long, I tried it the other day and it's definitely better than what cod is these days
It's half off on Amazon right now.
https://youtu.be/lMA3Y0tEQaYhttps://youtu.be/OBAUsojgy6kHaven't seen anything yet
Is it 2 hits per kill or is this auto aim? They never once got a head shot from the cross hair
What, it's a [time honored tradition](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z_J04GRYfBQ) by now. 
I really love bounty hunt but have only been able to play a few games. Also I have tried to play amped hardpoint but I have never been able to find a game of it. 
tdm?  you mean attrition or pilot vs pilot? I think dont there is a team death match in TF|2
Titanfall 2? Or 1?
The gap in skill between PC and console would be insane for this game.
I agree. Gears 4 did it, albeit not all playlists, but they ran test after test and found the difference in player skill was there but it didn't effect as many matches as they thought. Now it's a full fledged exercise. I would love some cross platform for this game.
LOLNo, m+k vs game pad? No way. 
But console players would have many disadvantages. Not only talking about controls.   
Microsoft actually ran trials for this awhile back. Mediocre PC players kept beating the better console players so badly ms just gave on up on the whole thing.
The problem is that it couldn't work because play anywhere is a project through the Microsoft store and its bad enough the games only on Origin, Atleast we can run things in PROPER FULL SCREEN
I'm really proud of Capcom I think for making Resident Evil 7 a play anywhere game.
they don't because the pc players have a huge advantage over players using a controller and not a mouse and keyboard.
Sadly, the player base never took off.Battlefield One and CoD:IW/MWR really stole any chance of success
Not on console, where most people are playing this game.
EA's release date that EA set. I'm sure Respawn wasn't happy. 
I love Bo3 despite all the hate for the series. It's the only call of duty game I've been able to actually get interested in. 
  It started in BO3 and went on into IW, so it's still a fairly new feature.
Oh damn, it's my first Call of Duty since MW3. Glad it's a common feature!
Very few games don't do this at this point.
Leaving the game should be punished. When you join a losing game then it is unfair to you, but if you leave that game then you are just making it worse for your team. 
It doesn't, as far as I'm aware. Never tried that but I'll report back later! 
The game that comes with COD4 remastered.
The next Avengers movie coming out.
It's basically a $60 dlc for BO3, a free game you got with Modern Warfare Remastered, or a really fun reintroduction to CoD depending on who you ask. I'm in the latter camp. 
 r u retarded
One of the COD's they reskinned with newer looking weapons. Also jetpacks now. Haha butthurt much? You guys know Cod has been rehashed bullshit for years.
And they deserve it for putting out a game that doesn't adhere to other big company's anti-gamer/greedy tactics.
That's a damn shame, Titanfall 1 was my jam for the longest time. Titanfall 2 was always on the back foot thanks to EA. 
I enjoy it but your comment rings true.
Ow doesn't count losses in quick play and only quick play can back fill
Got backfilled to a winning team yesterday and it did count as a win.
Now with supply drops!!
They'll probably make you pay for the new call of duty as well. Better to just play the original.
You really don't want it, honestly.
so... every call of duty they've made since?
What if you take the lead for a bit but get taken over again and end up losing?
pretty sure they introduced wall running/parkour to FPS
Sliding 
And it's NEVER close. It's always a fucking blowout.  It's definitely a problem with the game. People rage quit or just up and quit so it doesn't ruin their positive win record. Maybe I'm wrong in thinking this....but I feel like if you quit in the middle of a game, there should be like a 5ish minute cooldown before you're allowed to join another game. 
I have no legs :(
Why did you shit on it before trying it? 
The first one was better too 
Frothy looks like he just always has stim on. Makes me wish I was playing this game on pc. 
Play Mixtape, the place everyone should be
I get bounty and hardpoint games roughly 45-55% of the time i play by choosing the Angel City 24/7 playlist
There's actually a third TDM, Skirmish, which has Titans but no AI. To the best of my knowledge though, it can only be accessed through the mixtape function so no one ever plays it    
Why do people keep referring to it as difference in skill? Difference of input is the problem.
I personally found this game far easier to play with a controller. This is still playing on PC by the way
Actually a few developers have come out recently and indicated they are not entirely sure that is true. Regardless As much better as it is to aim with a mouse, It is much easier to move with analog imput which is amplified by titanfalls incredibly fast movement system. Just in moving you would have a significan advantage using a controller, especially if you had paddles for the face buttons. It might be enough in a game like this that the aiming would not impact the difference as much as you think. Regardless, If there is skill based matchmaking in a game, and KB+m is that much better, Then controller players would just be matched against kbm players around the same skill such that games would still be fair. This issue is really less drastic than people seem to believe for average players. It really only affects people competing at the highest ranks.
Gears is a cover based third person shooter. Titanfall is a fast paced twitch reflex FPS. Trust me when I say controller users, in most engagements, WILL get schooled by a MKB user. 
You don't even need to trust the trials.Any Xbox or Playstation player that uses the Xim or similar device can attest to the massive advantage of a mouse in FPS games.These devices converts M+K inputs to controller outputs. I tried my friend's XIM back in the day with Halo Reach. I would absolutely demolish people in Team SWAT and Team Snipers. It wouldn't even be a challenge.  
I'm somewhat happy with rocket league for allowing cross play. If you ever want to see how stupid this whole situation is, make your own little indie game making any popular engine. Or just take a quick look at networking in general. There is no technical reason to keep platforms separated, only business bullshit. =A lot of the popular engines even have a crossplatforminput. The unreal engine has an action thing you can configure so the engine understand any number of peripheral inputs as forward. 
Still blows my mind why the hell their higher-ups thought it was a good idea to release around the same time.  Practically suicide.
Recently discovered that you can get 2 people online on the same console, so my girlfriend and I have spent a lot of time on it recently. Forgot how enjoyable that game really is!
I actually had a lot of fun with Bo3, and I definitely consider myself a bit of a CoD hater.
Funny,  I thought it was the only one that was total shit.   The game felt like it was made to be a multiplayer shooter(it was),  but the single player isn't fun where the other games feel like a roller coaster ride. 
Wasn't it in Ghosts too?
If I join a game that's halfway through and it's 2v6, and the other team is ahead by 40 kills, I shouldn't be punished for backing out and trying to find a new game. 
The W/L percent probably doesn't mean much to most but why penalize someone for not wanting to get pummeled?
I thoroughly enjoyed Infinite Warfare. Pleasantly surprised.
M not smert no
I'd rather jerk off a game because it's a good game than because they decided to make the shitty DLC maps free 
I loved Titanfall 1, but I just can't get into Titanfall 2. 
OW does count losses in quick play in your stats.
And 3 new guns! We'll make it as close to the original as possible Supply drops are cosmetic only my ass
I don't have access to a console that can play the original or I would. 
I don't know why this seems so complicate but... If you join ANY game and it ends up as a lose then it doesn't count against you. Obviously the game doesn't have the foreknowledge to know if your going to be on the winning or losing side at the end of the game. I don't think it counts as a win though either, I'm pretty positive those stats remain unchanged. 
great features 
Nope lol
There was sliding in Crysis
But Lieutenant Dan, you only need your hands!
Who needs legs when you can have sweet grappling hooks
When a mans gotta go a mans gotta go
Honestly I was just a cod/halo fanboy when it came to multiplayer first person shooters. I was ignorant and assumed that titanfall was just gonna be unoriginal and lackluster. But goddam when I actually gave it a try I couldn't stop playing
Because the circle jerk was shitting on it no doubt
It is CTf, gotta go fast! But phase shift he uses often as well
Which translates into more skillful gameplay. 
And they could just match players using controllers separately from players using keyboards, with an option for controller players to join keyboard games with friends. Controller support in Titanfall 1 is actually pretty good on PC, with aim assist and everything, so they could just bring that back in mixed matches.
Yesh thats why most console games have some sort of magnet aimbot assist while no pc game has it.
You'd still get shredded by players using a mouse. It's just way faster and more precise.
Well, everyone else is using a controller too (unless you're playing on PC with a controller)
Was this playing on pc with kb+m vs xbox with a controller or did you try the controller online against people using kb+m? I can imagine you might find the game far easier to play on console if you are good with a controller and it could feel smoother with all the movement mechanics, but when it comes to the shooting I would imagine even if you did gain some kind of movement advantage from the controller, the massive shooting disadvantage would screw you over vs a mouse.
I'm not sure. I prefer analog sticks/triggers for racing games because of the range added to acceleration/braking/turning that a simple button doesn't have, button that is either 0 or 1 on the keyboard. But at the same time, for other things, they add an issue which is the added time to reach 100% acceleration/speed. Might be a few hundred milliseconds, but a few hundred milliseconds is the time a PC player aims and shoots at something, or gets to cover, and whoever does it faster wins. I don't just aim with the mouse, i usually aim while moving and the movement adds to the control of the aim.  Might be easier, but might not be better/faster. And there is no way in hell someone can aim as well in a controller against a mouse without a magnet aimbot assist.Well you can practice and try it yourself, add a controller to a PC and use something like this for practice and check your average, which is better. http://www.aimbooster.com/ Then look into other peoples scores.
I don't think it stands for every competitive game. I actually use a pad with paddles to game on console. So I'm not some PC elitist who thinks he's some god at fps. I honestly think the movement and speed would be drastically enhanced using kb/m for Titanfall. It seems like the perfect game to actually test this out on. 
In most engagements maybe. But that's why you test before implanting it game wide.
EA wanted to take away people from CoD. That's the only reason to release TF2 in that week. they don't give a shit about the game itself, what's important is players forget about CoD
Thanks EA!
It makes me sad how little love couch co-op gates any more.
No. It started in BO3 which was 2 years after Titanfall 1 did it.
[deleted]
Most of the time when I join a losing game, it is still a close game with a chance to pull off a comeback. Yeah, it's not fun to get pummelled, but I find satisfaction in seeing how close I can get the score in a losing game. 
It happens but its part of the game, and it wouldn't be so bad if people didn't bail so quickly. One of the worst features in BF1 in my opinion ( other than letting a team have 5 fucking scouts.) is that you can switch teams mid game. Great if you quit on the team early enough you make it lopsided, then folks quit and *then* you get pummeled. 
I was indifferent to the campaign except for the mission on the spinning solar colony, an amazing concept done amazingly well. The multiplayer has kept me engaged for weeks even with BF1 and Titanfall 2. Zombies was a great nostalgia trip but can't see myself getting into the dlc. 
So you'd rather have shitty dlc maps that costs 15$ right?  
This 
Yes but it doesn't count backfill losses.
Overwatch has stats?
No it doesn't it counts games played and games won
I feel like if you contribute a certain amount of kills or deaths it should count. If I hop into a game that my team is losing 25-20 and I contribute 15 deaths before the end of the game I should get the loss.
Isn't that a perfect position for trolls? They are basically protected from loss, but have everyone else's record at stake. Maybe I'm missing something here...
So if you join a losing game but end up winning it shouldn't count as a win either. What if you join with a few kills down and 10 minutes left. That is plenty of time to win. If you lose that should still count as a loss. 
The movement is an amazing feature imo, great in Titanfall, great in CoD. I mean, you can make the argument that it shouldn't BE in CoD, but it's still great feature to me.
lol*ok downvote because I laughed you potatoes
Fair enough. Glad you like it. I wasn't a huge fan of the first one because it felt stripped down but this one has been a very pleasant surprise so far.
How does it compare to COD Infinite Warfare? I've only played Titanfall, but IW looks pretty fun despite being a little silly!
Better tools != More skill.
No. Not more skillful. Skillful implies that the person doing it is more capable. It results in better aiming, not more skillful aiming.If you had a macro to play the first mario flawlessly by pressing a single button once, would that make your gameplay more skillful than a pro that plays the game with a controller?
That would just reintroduce the problem of there not being enough people in matchmaking that combining the two would solve.
Call of duty has aim assist on the pc.....Try not to make blanket statements. You will nearly always be wrong because of them. (see how I didn't make a blanket statement?)
Not nessesarily.  I played the first game on PC with a ps4 controller and after 200+ hours logged I ended it having been MVP (first place) in roughly 65% of the total games I played.65% isn't crazy or anything but It's pretty clear to me that I didn't get dunked on by players using mouse and keyboard.edit: Here's a screenshot of my [lifetime stats.](http://i.imgur.com/n5Mh6De.png) MVP is closer to 50% and Top 3 is roughly 75%.
I play on PC with a controller too sometimes
Playing on PC with both and Xbox One controller and M+KB.For me somehow the fluidity for the game got really badly affect with m+KB. And there definitely were times when I could have been more precise but the controller just felt better overall
If someone already left a losing match and you join a team that's just getting hard spawn camped that's down 2-3 people there is no incentive to keep playing.It's not about eating a loss. It's about being stuck in a shitty situation watching your K/D drop to hell because the other team has nearly every advantage now.
Oh boo hoo. It's a video game, you can't ask people to waste their own time because of shitty matchmaking.Edit: Also, if you're young enough to waste all of your time playing out losing games for honor or whatever, you aren't an adult. Get over yourself kid.
That almost never happens to me. If I join a losing game, we're getting destroyed 
Yeah I fucking would because at least then I wouldn't have to play on them 
games played - games won = games lost?
I just realized you meant in game.  You are right it doesnt show you, but they are still recorded regardless.
Then the question is does it still add a game played to your stats. This in turn would add a game lost to the hidden algorithms that determine matchmaking.
Overbuff stats say other wise.https://www.overbuff.com/players/pc/KAFEEEEEE-2350They have that guys wins and losses in quickplay in the top right.
You get everything except the win on your record, in Black Ops at least. So you get the bonus XP you earned by how well you played but I get what you're saying. 
But people don't usually leave a game with few kills down and 10 minutes left, people leave a game the yare losing, so there is space for players to join.
I didn't downvote you, but I'd venture to guess people were doing it because commenting lol is both low effort and contributes nothing to the conversation -- which is actually stated as the official reason Reddit implemented that button in the first place. 
Am not potato. Upvoted anyway.
I know I'm in the minority but I much preferred the first one.
If your on xbox don't bother. The frames drop into low 50s high 40s regularly in multiplayer and if you want grinding go to destiny
It raises the skill ceiling though. After a while, more practice on a controller just won't help whereas you can almost always get better with a mouse that doesn't have acceleration. Not that most people really hit that ceiling
That is insanely inaccurate. The dude down the river caught way more fish than me with a stick. I had $1000 in gear.
Semantics, man. Didn't know people were so touchy.Macros? What does that have to do with anything? Kb/m doesn't minimalize the effort you need to play. Really don't know where you are trying to go with that.
Console players are fucking brainwashed it's hilarious LOL
Not when you can easily plug in a controller if you can't find a match on PC, or turn a setting on if you can't find one on Xbox. It's better than two completely separate versions of the game, since at least some players on each platform would be queuing for both lists at the same time, instead of only one.
This is a Titanfall 2 thread....
I'm sure there are exceptions to the RULE, especially in games PORTED FROM CONSOLES.
You got any proof to back that up? Being the best playing on the server 2/3 times is a little far fetched.Regardless of that though; the average player using a controller would get ripped to shreds by an average player with kb/m In almost any fps. 
My experience was similar. Despite being on PC and it being my first time playing the game I was overall fairly competitive. Scored pretty well (top 3-5 usually or something)
I can definitely see the movement heavy stuff with wallrunning etc feeling better with a controller, I am bloody useless with them nowdays though, I couldn't hit a titan with a shotgun at point blank range if I used a controller, so the trade off isnt usually worth it for me in shooters. To each their own though!
I played a game of Titanfall 2 the other day where it was me against 5 people and it was an easy win for them but they were pretty nice and I gave them a good fight. 
I once got the message that I was joining a losing game where the score was 10 - 5.
K.
I get what you're saying, but he is still technically correct. If they are only counting games played and games won, they aren't recording losses. Sure, you can do the math and get the number yourself, but that doesn't mean it's recorded by Blizzard, just accessible by anyone with at least a mediocre understanding of math. 
[removed]
Are you talking about COD or titanfall? I absolutely love titanfall and play it on Xbox. I think it's the most popular platform for it. 
A YouTuber by the name of Gamesager has some high level Titanfall 2 gameplay that can rival any KB/M player. He uses a controller.
!= Is C code for does not equal.  Ergo, Better gear does not equal more skill...
I don't know, but maybe some console players are just tired of being dissmissed as not being a true gamer. Because they aren't using PC to play their games, which they clearly like/love. I mean look at this thread PCMR left and right. Brainwashed accusation (from both sides, I agree) and then we have a guy that basicly calls me (PS4 user) giant baby that needs to be spoon feed (feeded?).
Yes, this is a discussion of semantics. When I argue the use of a word in a sentence by definition we have moved into semantics. If semantics are a problem why didn't you address this in your first response?A mouse makes it easier to aim. It does not make you more skillful. We aren't talking about the effort put in, so clearly that isn't a relevant point to bring up. We are talking about skill. Would you say that the macroer was more skillful because his input system made him better?
I'd say PC players are brainwashed. Over and over it is proved that a mouse makes it easier to aim. PC players interpret that as we are more skilledA bicycle is easier to ride than a unicycle. Would you say that bike riders are more skillful?
Do you have any reading comprehension? He said no game on pc has itGo yell at him for bringing up all PC games. I just replied in the context he presented.
Titanfall 1 has aim assist on PC if you plug in a controller. That's on topic, right?
You said and I quote no pc game has itNot as a general ruleDon't come at me with straight up lies and then tell me oh it's a general rule
> the average player using a controller would get ripped to shreds by an average player with kb/m In almost any fps.I actually disagree. At professional level, a mouse player would rip a controller player to shreds. But I doubt there'd be any noticeable difference in a game between regular people. They'd all be relatively mediocre anyway. There certainly hasn't been whenever I've seen my friends opt to use a controller.
sure things boss! Here's a screenshot of my [lifetime stats.](http://i.imgur.com/n5Mh6De.png)  You were right that 2/3 times as a little high.  Actual MVP stat is closer to 50% while top 3 is almost exactly 75%.  Last time I played was September of 2016 so I hope you can cut me a little slack over the inaccuracy.  Regardless I think my point still stands.I'm sure the difference would be noticeable the more skilled the players are, but in random pub matches it honestly doesn't make a difference.
In my experience, the average player is fucking awful, so I dunno.
See that's not bad. Most of the ones I'm in are like 60-15 or something crazy
 >mediocre understanding of math>subtractionGuess we're all math wizards here
That's exactly what I just said. 
For someone who claims to not care about downvotes, you're really salty about getting downvoted.
IW, tried the free weekend for both, Titanfall I played at max FoV and lowest only found minimal frame drops at max. IW though, oh man was that a slog to play through, dropping frames left and right into the low 50s high 40s
that was his point.
'Spoon-fed' is what you're after!
I'm almost strictly a console gamer. Maybe play a few action rpgs every once in a while on my laptop, but that's it. Never even owned a high end computer. So ya, a bit touchy.
Ya, you're definitely reading too much into it.
I play a character in Dota 2 called Visage. I control up to 4 units at once, each requiring there own movement, attack commends, spells, health, cooldowns, ect... with the main hero having just as many spells and items as everyone elseIt is physically impossible to play Visage on anything but a keyboard style system. I can do things right off the bat that a controller user could never do in a thousand yearsIf you don't know the mechanics, you are less skilled. Regardless of the situation, regardless of the input. Using an inferior controller doesn't change anything. You don't know how to do some things and you never will. Using an example of a macro is absurd because if its a macro they aren't controlling it to begin with. A better example is a calligraphy pen compared to a normal one. There is a massive difference in skill floor and skill height. 
That's a pretty interesting arguement. 
I'd say you're just throwing shit at a wall to see what sticks. 
Only for the sniper, it's accurate enough for everything else
Console players are so focused on levels of skill and whining about shit that they completely miss the point that a console is a bottle necked PC. I wish that console gaming would be a thing of the past but 75% of the community is technologically retarded and need to be spoon fed. Only reason I own a ps4 is for the exclusives. IMO make Playstation, Nintendo, and Microsoft have applications similar to Steam that emulates their console and require a playstation plus /nintendo sub / microsoft gold account to use and boom you just expanded your console market exponentially. But they wont because eventually everyone  would stop buying new consoles  because there's no fucking point. 
You lack both understanding of logic, and I assume, your native language. I'm no teacher so good luck to you.
[PC gamers 'destroyed' console gamers in tests](http://www.gamesradar.com/pc-gamers-destroyed-console-gamers-in-tests-says-voodoo-pc-founder/)     Halo wanted PC to console cross platform gaming and they found that mediocre PC players stomped the shit out of the best console gamers they could find.   
I used to use one of those KB/m adapters for my PS4. While my score certainly improved, there were still times where I was outplayed by the other players who were almost certainly using controllers.
That's actually pretty impressive, albeit with the arc and smart pistol.
HaHaHaHa.
Not salty, just stating facts Cheers :)

Guy I responded to said that is insanely inaccurate, then followed with proof of my statement.
So I bring up a good argument and I'm reading too much into itFair enough. Then you admit PC gamers aren't more skillful right?
So there is a higher skill ceiling using a PC and mouse? How does that equate to PC users being more skillful?Does everyone reach that skill ceiling?Just because there is a higher skill ceiling does not mean that users of it are more skilled.
No pc games have aim assistLol ok buddy. At least I don't openly lie during an argument.
He lacks a native language? Lol keep digging buddy, maybe you'll find oil!
yeah I was a huge attrition fan and was all about playing the objective so I thought those were the best tools for farming the grunts.
Oh Boi, political posting **MY FAVORITE**
At least they don't have a dog for a world leader.  What were the regular citizens of Dragonball thinking?!
It's hard to know for sure if our president is thinking sometimes.  :P
But do they mean Trump or Shinzo Abe?
So. Many. Fucking. Cutaways. In. This. Fucking. Game.
lol I made a meme making fun of Trump hurh durh am I cool yet? 
Lets be real here. He knows EXACTLY what he is doing. The man has masterfully manipulated the media time and time again. He is playing 4D chess and always wins.
So the only Pokemon I have played is Blue. Been thinking about buying a new game but which should I play? Sun/Moon or X/Y? Which of those 2 are better?
Alright, so it seems like a lot of comments asking for less political posts are being downvoted, but I'll just say that I here about so much sad and angry stuff on facebook and other subs, that it would really be nice to not have that leak through to r/gaming. (also not everyone who comes here is from the US)
This isn't going to end well isn't it? *Hides in comments*
If only Trump was as attractive as Lusamine.
This game is awesome.
It's only been released in 2016, not that hard to stay relevant.
Ok slightly unrelated, but I've been wanting to get a 3DS to play Pokmon..I haven't played since FireRed but just need a hobby or something because I commute for 3+ hours per day. Worth?
At least they have some one that will stand for it's citizens 
Pretty sure they are talking about the president of Nintendo.  You have to remember that Pokemon is not an American game.
ITT: Triggered Trump supporters.
What are they talking about? I don't have small hands? Do I?
Just shut the fuck up with these political posts ffs
Please kindly keep politics out of this sub. It's already ruined just plenty of others.
DAE LE CRAAAAAAZY TRUMP EKSDEE?
Really? I think his stances are pretty forward and open, as opposed to Hillary who had a private stance and a public stance. Please, if you are going to try and bash Trump use some fucking effort.
If you can't joke about your joke of a president, what can you joke about? Besides boogers and farts, of course.
Political shitposts are the best shitposts. My proof: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kpT4BjXXZa4https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=853L10a0HZk
reddit will soon just change its name to r/politics
It is actually a self reflection on Nintendo.  The Simpsons and Family Guy do this about Fox all the time.  Pokemon is not an American game.
Guyz, DAE Trump!? Lol!!1!
And there are dinosaurs! Why does nobody talk about that?!
Holy shit, a talking dog! probably. I'd vote for him. 
Yeah america... what are you thinking?
XDDDDD
It's hard to clean the floor if our president is drinking sometimes. :P
All you did was quote the title of the OP. 
Yes
Trump because Abe is Prime Minister
Obama was still in office at this time.
Great game, but half of it was cutscenes. I kept thinking this is where they let me out into the world and then boom: cutscene
I landed on heads not tails so I guess you're correct.
You're smoking crack
shhh!! the normies don't know about the muslim ban being a distraction. kek. 
X/Y had a terrible story with forgettable characters, while Sun/Moon had the polar opposite of that, but that isn't necessarily a good thing, like with what OP said about cutscenes. However, if I were you I would go with Sun/Moon because X/Y was really easy, and Sun/Moon matches up more with the difficulty of the first generation.
X/Y was better in my opinion. Sun/Moon never fucking shuts up. It gets to the point where it feels like a visual novel more than a jrpg. I would go X/Y if you're looking to get back into it.
Either one really, both have a ton of gen 1 throwbacks
I'd recommend it. Get the Gen 3 remakes (Omega Ruby/Alpha Sapphire) or Sun/Moon. X and Y are good, but are shorter because they were Pokemon's first test on the 3DS. Read up on the changes though, such as Mega Evolution, Z-moves, Fairy types, and other new things so you won't get too confused. Also as a warning, Pokemon Moon's clock is reversed so if you play during the day it'll be nighttime in Moon and vice versa, so if you want to play during the daytime get Sun. 
or people just tired of having political posts rammed down their throat.people come on here to look at shitty memes and shitty gifs, not to be fucking raped with the same five insults against the president of the united states.
I don't get this one either he honestly doesn't have small hands is it some kind of inside joke?Like I'm not here to defend his hands or anything I just legit don't understand he has average sized hands. 
>I don't like it so no one else is allowed to have it??????
http://puu.sh/tZ4FT.pngshow me where it says we can't have politic jokes.
This joke is about as light-hearted as it gets. If you consider this bashing, you have incredibly thin skin. 
T R I G G E R E DRIGGERED
The funny thing about this is that nowhere in this post does it say Trump or even president of the **United States**. Not knowing what someone is thinking doesn't immediately make something negative. I very specifically *didn't* make a positive/negative political statement in the title. Most people who see this will probably decide it's a swipe at Trump, but maybe it means it's difficult for us to understand the genius of the president. You can interpret it however you want.
Oh I can take the joke, I just don't like it being rammed up my ass every second of the day good sir.
After you hear the same hands joke for the 4736th time, it sort of loses its punch.
For many people it's more so the effect where humor loses its luster when seen 24/7.  It's not the effect of wanting to be sheltered from it, it's the effect of wanting a break when the same jokes are in every subreddit, social media site, chat group, and family meal.
Just not really funny at this point, it's become stale. Each to their own of course 
I think its got something to do with the fact you weren't allowed to poke fun at the last one.
He's a joke because he's doing more for his people instead of catering to other countries? Huh.
Those sorts of ideas piss off Kami.
Trump's not a dog!...Dogs are loyal and relatively empathetic.
They said if instead of what. 
The title is literally Pokemon Sun, relevant as ever.
Kimishima because he's President of Nintendo.
Holy shit, trump supporters are literally delusional. Scared lil babies. 
Think ill go Moon then, I like to have a story in my games.
It gets better towards the end... and then post-game is awful
it's literally a screenshot from pokemon and you're triggered. sit and think about that. pour a coffee and just sit and think about how a screenshot from pokemon made people mad. every single sub on this website has politically influenced posts right now. letting it upset you that much is just kind of sad.
http://abcnews.go.com/Politics/history-donald-trump-small-hands-insult/story?id=37395515Tl;dr Marco Rubio said Trump had small hands. Trump defend the size of his genitals at the Republican debate. The joke is that he is so thin-skinned he feels the need to defend himself from a second-rate insult while on television.
you guys have absolutely no idea what you are doing to the reddit community and thats the best part.
Lying is okay if you are only lightly joking!!!
We're on reddit, can't hide the trump bashing. 
I'm with you. Unfortunately, it will be around as long as he is.
And it's only been 3 weeks now.
...is this a hands joke? 
Which is why I'm sick of small hands, orange, and drumpf
Hey did you guys hear about that Donald Trump guy? What a goofball am I right? 
oh
Fair warning though. Pokemon Moon's clock is 12 hours ahead of Sun's, so if you play during the daytime in real life, it'll be nighttime in Pokemon Moon and vice versa. I'd still recommend Moon though. Also make sure to read up on the changes such as Mega Evolution, Z-Moves, and Fairy types. It helps a ton, :)
>every single sub on this website has politically influenced posts right now. Yes, and I'm pissed about those too. Not because I'm pro-Trump, but because I literally just want to see fun gaming posts or pictures of cats or tits.
A) Yes, actually. Part of what makes something a joke is a lake of seriousness of intent. In fact a large number of jokes are based in fictitious scenarios, hyperbole and mistruths. B) I'll bite. Since you want to take this so seriously: What's the lie here? That the author of the post doesn't understand the thought processes of Trump? How exactly is that a lie and what evidence do you have to prove it a lie. Are you a mind reader capable of intuiting the comprehension of an anonymous poster via the internet?
Damn, 8 years of this shit.
The same five jokes about him have been recycled since 2015 when nobody took him seriously. 
I guess, even though I didn't mean for it to be
\^ for real tho. the insults didnt work. try a different tactic lmao
It has been a pleasure to be your personal sneaky-peaky assistant!  ;)
The darkest timeline. Bannon will not approve of that name.
4*
LOL Oompa loompa LOL
*dankest
1000 years once we get rid of the judiciary
2-3 more weeks, tops.
You wish.
If we keep calling him childish names, maybe he'll get impeached!
Enjoy your circle jerk of the orange man. You guys love an echo chamber, it's the only time you agree with another person. 
hey lets start a sub about that!! /s
 yeah /s indeed one isn't enough lets make 15! ^letitend
Only 15? You're a fucking Russian. We need 150! /s
22 year olds make up a gigantic proportion of people who currently play Zelda, no need to use still
This is really cute.Also, what do you mean still plays Zelda? Is there an age limit on enjoying great games?
[Source](http://www.vgcats.com/comics/?strip_id=224)They had a whole page of game related valentines but I cannot find the others. Nicely done though, everything is in the same proportions.
Why did you emphasize still the majority of people who play Zelda are adults 
Is she hot?
It's not valentines day, but why is your adult daughter giving you a valentines day card anyway....
draws like a 12 year old and is in love with her dad, seems legit
What do you mean by still?
That is very sweet of her! I really should make Valentine's for my parents more often too...
The title of this confuses me.  People stop playing Zelda games? 
Didn't VGCats release that image like five years ago as part of a set of velentines?
I'll be 29 this year and I still play zelda :) give your daughter props cus that pic is awesome!
Why are people posting Valentine's stuff already?!I get a heart attack each time!
Very nice!
Haha I made the same card for my mom a few years back!
So... who are the other three? 
Buy her a car
dawwwwwwww. You go buy her Link plushie right now
31 year old man here. Totally made me cry. 
Awwwww!
But hearts build counter-clockwise, [making the upper left piece the last one](http://img.photobucket.com/albums/v203/Tjalian/SS1.jpg). Missing this critical detail obviously means she doesn't actually love you. Sorry OP.^just ^kidding ^it's ^a ^very ^cute ^card
This is so incredibly touching... You sir, are a very lucky father.
The secret is that you are never too old to play Zelda.
You're never too old to play Zelda!Though, that just may be the hype for Breath Of The Wild talking...
funny... I swear the stress you cause me is shortening my life. 
Give her your master sword.
>my daughter>username endustry1994 (22 yrs)nice selfpost, hoe
get a life
So OP... Your daughter, is she single? 
Hoped it would say the weakest link at the bottom.Left sad 
> Still plays zeldaYou must be new to the internet
Am I missing something here? 22 year old DAUGHTER does something FOR YOU on valetine's day? Wasn't it supposed to be a holiday to give gifts to boyfriends/girlfriends, instead of parents?
Im a dad in his thirties that still plays Zelda. Gaming transcends age.
Younger than the franchise itself
Exactly haha. I was 8 years old when OoT came out for the N64. Most people ages 20-35 either grew up with from super nintendos zelda or the n64 and it was easily one of the best games at the time IMO:)
20 year old checking in
People grow out of things sadly
Maybe he mean she is still playing the same game for like 15 years and havent finished it yet
she didn't make it up?get her!
Oh I had forgotten about VGcats, time to read up on the three updates since 2012
She made the Kirby one for op / her dad too? 
He didn't emphasize still
She's a girl so without even seeing her I would say yes.
OP could be a widower. I had a coworker who nearly cried when his daughter gave him a card for valentines day. It's just him and his daughter.
/r/incest if I were to guess
A card or picture doesn't need to symbolize anything romantic, it's as simple as Valentine's Day is a day for loved ones so this girl showed her dad/mom she was thinking about them, I think it's nice and personally hope my daughter does the same some day.I'm assuming you were asking literally and not trying to just say how weird you think it is
I should been more precise with the title.  She's been playing Zelda games since she's been 3.  Over and over again...
Seriously, who cares if they did?  It's a valentine card from my daughter.  It put a smile on my face regardless of original artwork or not.  One day you'll understand...
I think you mean a zelda plushie
As in she hasnt given up zelda, good job.
Yeah you're missing something. Normal people give gifts and do things for many of their loved ones on any holiday. There was never such a restriction as what you just came up with. 
Actually you are the key demographic for gamers. As the online gaming ages, so does the demographic. 
Tell that to those who aren't born yet.
Is this your first time to /r/gaming ? This whole sub is a nostalgia circlejerk. Did you not see le gem while walking in?
This made the post way sadder than it should be.
Maybe they meant still plays Link, and got the characters mixed up.
op! produce her so we can get her!
Oh, I meant specified
Relavent username. And if/when she ends up being a female version of a neckbeard, still hot? 
r/butterface
I get your point, but its just a little...odd.Maybe when you're 10 but 22? What fucking grown adult gives their parent a valentine's day card that they *draw* themselves. Mind you, it even looks like a 10 year old drew it. Granted, if the 22 year old was handicapped in some form or another, that I could understand. I have nothing against it either way, and there is a certain sweetness to it, but its still just...odd...
Good taste in games then in my opinion, most of the Zelda games are still great to play and haven't aged bad at all. Presume she's looking forward to Breath of The Wild.
No need to be so defensive...
Maybe that's a Brazil thing. Kind of, every holiday has a supposed purpose. Valentines day was supposed to be a couples day where you would gift your partners, not your relatives. Also, for example, on mother's day, kids would gift their bio and step mothers, but **not** their fathers if perchance they didn't had mothers. On this case, they would gift their **grand**mothers instead. Maybe cultural?
That statistic is drastically skewed by the inclusion of people who mainly play games on their phones only. 40 year old moms who play Candy Crush on their phones aren't the same demographic who are fans of Zelda, for the most part.
Nostalgia? A new zelda is coming out in 3 weeks!
You say it like it's a bad thing, nostalgia is my favourite emotion
Don't be an asshole about it. Or I'll shove this ice rod up your ass.
OoT Water Temple claims another victim.
He already did!
Ah :) it's funny he says that, he's probably just surprised that it's still popular.
>female version of a neckbeardStop, you're getting me excited.
Or it was just a nice fucking gesture, Jesus Christ.
People on the internet hate when this word is used, but honestly you just displayed a textbook example of Autism. 
I get what you mean, I could say personally if I drew a picture and gave it to my parents they might think it a little odd(I'm 21)But if my daughter were to do the same thing I would love and appreciate it regardless of age.That being said I think it's awesome, but can understand it seeming irregular to anyone else
You very obviously have a lot against it. 
Damn you must be SUPER FUCKING LONELY. 
>That statistic is drastically skewed by the inclusion of people who mainly play games on their phones onlyWhat study are you basing that on? Every study I've read takes smart phone gaming into account. http://essentialfacts.theesa.com/Essential-Facts-2016.pdfAccording to this, the average male gamer is 35 years old and has been gaming for 13 years. 
You know what they say, nostalgia isn't what it used to be. (I'm not sure why they say such things. Feels good like the first time, everytime.)
Oh member Ocarina of Time on N64? 
You made my day.
The water temple wasnt shit compared to zelda 2
Don't need to tell your parents how much you love them on a holiday that is generally perceived as a romantic couple holiday. It doesn't help that there are several holidays already dedicated to appreciation of family members.
Did you even *read* what I fucking wrote? Jesus Christ.
Why would I have something against what someone else and their family does? I just think its fucking weird. Jesus Fuck..the two are not mutually exclusive. Calling something out as weird doesn't mean I'm like morally against it or anything. 
Nope. Not at all. I'm sorry me having a different opinion of yours is somewhat jarring to you. 
Only 13 years?Fucking casuals.
>According to this, the average male gamer is 35 years old and has been gaming for 13 years.TIL no one ever played anything before a ps2... I find that claim questionable.
Maybe I skipped over the relevant part, but I can't really see anything in there that refutes my claim.>According to this, the average male gamer is 35 years old and has been gaming for 13 years.I don't see how that relates to it either.Stuff like this:http://fortune.com/2016/04/22/mobile-gaming-pc-sales/>People playing games on their mobile phones will spend more than the hardcore audience of PC gamers for the first time this year. By next year, the hordes of Candy Crush and Clash of Clans players will even be outspending gamers on Xbox, PlayStation, and other consoles, according to a new report.Definitely supports what I said.
Never played it sadly, I had a PS1 so my main nostalgia is in games like Spyro and Crash Bandicoot and stuff
Let alone an odd card by a 22 year old, drawn like they were 10.How about..I dunno..take your fucking dad out to lunch and talk with him and tell him how much you appreciate/love him? Not..heres an awkward card about video games on a romantic holidayOdd, yet I'm the asshole for calling it out
You said her drawings made her seem handicapped...
No kidding.  Did people who grew up with an Atari 2600 become Amish or something?
If only I could make a stain glass window that was so grossly incandescent!
Smashing job OP! 
Praise! \ [T]/
Is this one of a kind or can I order one?
Deus Vault 
[You may just fit in here...](https://youtu.be/4xIf3SD5zso)
No crestfallen? Hehehe...
Very good!
It is indeed one of a kind. I wasn't sure if people would be interested in ordering one...
[Dogmeat found a repost](http://karmadecay.com/r/gaming/comments/5tfwtc/dogmeat_found_something/)
Thanks to Adam I always have to check before I upvote
I was half expecting a deathclaw to start running from behind the house.
I get it.  They want to protect you but...Dammit.  Lining up a 300m snipe and, oh look, Dog Meat just took a .50 round in his ass.Thanks, Bethesda.
And this is why I dont travel with companions. They just dont have envrionment awareness and they make any stealh builds difficult. 
Someone needs to post the .Gif of dogmeat running through all of the laser traps.
Dog Meat I love you. But you ruin everything! 
Thanks now I have the perfect example of why Lone Wanderer is a godsend.
Dogmeat you piece of shit
+1 for the dog in Fable III. Wasn't allowed to alert or interact with anything until you did first. I loved that guy. That's not true. I certainly attempted to kill him on multiple occasions. But, the no-aggro thing was nice.
I'm going to be very careful and-Human what're you looking for I can help 
Bethesda's shitty AI... Bethesda's shitty AI never changes.
/r/shitAI
Even though this guy reposts every single day, some of his posts are quality.
I don't approve of ANY game from any franchise or any developer/publisher that is released with bugs and glitches that could be fixed with thorough testing and trouble shooting, but for some reason Bethesda is constantly being given a free pass because it's a level of quality that's acceptable from them. Why? Why are fans so willfully blind to this shit? Someone please explain to me why Bethesda can release buggy and broken games and it's fine, without resorting to only downvoting me? I'm genuinely curious to hear your justification for paying money for a broken product that not only needs constant fixing in the form of patches from the creator but also from the gaming community itself.
It's AdamE89. I'd be more surprised if this wasn't a repost. 
I know karma points is equivalent to literally nothing, but it's sad to see original content get overlook without credit because of reposting.title | points | age | /r/ | comnts:--|:--|:--|:--|:--[Dogmeat found something!](http://www.reddit.com/r/gaming/comments/5te3aq/dogmeat_found_something/) | 43 | 10^hrs | gaming | 5[Dogmeat found something! \*bark bark](http://www.reddit.com/r/gaming/comments/5t2tf5/dogmeat_found_something_bark_bark/) | 26 | 2^dys | gaming | 5
Why did the second repost get so many votes while the original doesn't?
Tell me about it. Just started a Survival run, and the companions are constantly a hindrance. It's nice to have the extra carry weight, but I've missed countless shots on Legendary enemies because of them. Then pow I'm dead. 
>reposts>his posts are qualityNot how this works
I buy products and expect to get my money's worth. I am satisfied with Bethesda games. The amount of money I pay versus the enjoyment I get is worth it. That is why I give Bethesda a pass. No fanboyism, they are not perfect, but I buy imperfect products all the time. That is all.
I would hardly call this a glitch, just a mechanic that occurred at the wrong time, that shit happens and the game developers can't see that coming.. I think you're just making mountains out of molehill in this situation. I get your disdain for broken games but Bethesda isn't the biggest offender and there's plenty of backlash for the bugs that are found. There are much bigger problems rampant in the industry that need more attention but get glossed over.
I buy them and play them because I like them. Not really any more complicated than that. Not sure why you think that requires justification. If you don't like it then don't buy or play them. Really simple 
Have you ever programmed anything? It's definitely not easy to account for every single possible glitch in games. Especially large games.
These games are massive. Do you know how hard it is to replicate bugs? You think they just release games without making sure it's playable?Bugs happen, especially in massive games like fallout/elder scrollsIf you think it isn't worth the money... don't buy it, nobody gives a shit, hell you'll probably just pirate the fucking thing and then say wasn't worth the money but lols played it for hundreds of hours, not wurth 60 bucks no way dude
I'm sure they'll be devastated that they don't have your approval
I agree with you as well as everyone else. I don't condone the broken parts of the game (and the rest of Bethesda games) but they are still worth the money... kind of.
Find a dog and tell me this isn't something a real dog would do.
[Maybe he buys his way to the frontpage](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FxNvUWN3vYk)
Despite the instinctive hatred most Redditors have for reposts, I still enjoy the stuff he posts.Makes sense to me. 
even with fallout 4 not being an rpg i still put 50+ hours in the game and had multiple playthroughs( i still need to play some of the dlcs) and i feel i got my money's worth
That's perfectly reasonable. It just baffles me when I hear the same people complain about other games being glitchy and need mods to be better but allow games like Skyrim and Fallout 4 pass legitimate criticism. 
I kinda used this particular clip as an example of the many issues ive seen documented by others and witnessed by myself when playing the game. I agree that there are bigger issues in the industry like the splitting of content in DLC packs, limited editions, preorders and season passes and all that stuff. But, it would be disingenuous to say that releasing games quickly and patching/fixing them later is a result of shitty business practices rather than complexity of the game itself and is tied into this culture of release it now as is, patch in fixes and content later. It's all related. I've gone so far as to wait at least a year if not longer to buy games so i can get them cheaper, more complete, and more polished. I definitely don't like where the industry is going.
I think this is something more people on reddit need to learn. 
I bought Fallout 4 because I'm a fan of Rpg elements, open world exploration, and first/third person shooters, but I ended up not liking it for a variety of reasons (story, characters, gameplay, lack of polish). Unfortunately the only way we can find out if we like something or not is to buy it and try it ourselves. 
its definitely not about making quality games anymore, its about getting the money asap and dealing with the problems later.. like using the player as a beta tester without them knowing. that or releasing a part of a game for the full price, then releasing dlc thats essentially required to keep playing (looking at you battlefield)
That is fair, FO4 had plenty worth criticizing. Personally, I felt it had the exact level of polish I would expect from other large open world games like this. And overall I liked the game a lot. But everyone is entitled to their own opinion and expectations. I think you are well within your rights to criticize a game for faults. Some may disagree with you and that is their right. But players shouldn't be criticized for liking a game just because you find it lacking. Everyone has different tastes and preferences. I do highly suggest finding some decent review sites to help you make an informed decision before purchasing. Not a perfect solution, of course. But had I listened to the reviews I never would have wasted my money on No Man's Sky!  Could help you in the future. 
I fucking love that ending. Probably the best thing written into any video game.
Nah Portal has the best ending. That song...and the cake...so moist and delicious 
Which game?
... It was you... all along? 
The Dog Ending in question is from Silent Hill 2
Mass Effect 2?
wait... Madness... the witcher ends?
[Sheds a single manly tear](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rSBjkiosMhQ)
lmao Mass Effect 2? really? That game was shat on by large portions of it's audience who despised the ending. 
Still can't believe Konami said it was officially canon. 
Path of Neo had a pretty awesome ending.
It was a triumph...
Yeah, I was intending to include Portal 2 but I forgot. Forgive me...
Silent Hill 2's Dog ending
Silent Hill 2
Right? As if anyone *needed* that confirmed--they were going to believe it, regardless.
Never played.
So what's the ending? It was all a dog's dream?
OP delivered. 
Fucking knew it! I'm so happy this was made.
Yesterday I gave you the 'Perfect Game of Snake'https://www.reddit.com/r/gaming/comments/5t8raj/the_perfect_game_of_snake/My first thread on Reddit and i get ~60k upvotes, gold (Thanks!), and a Reddit Trophy for 'Iciteful Link'But 90% of you wanted this instead (you all saw it, *practically* begged for it).Ps. I tried to upload it to imgur to get playback controls, but all I got was 3+ captchas and then failure ;(
End nudes
I'm disappointed. I was expecting Dickbutt...
It says Send Nudes doesn't it?
You son of a bitch you son of a BITCH *being dragged out*
A+. Well done, sir.
I was hoping way too hard that was gonna happen.  Way to may my hope into a reality
Send 'em. He deserves it.
I was about to quit. The wait was well worth it
I was literally sitting here hoping it was going to day this, you made my day dude 
Im dissappointed...why did I watch all that....for what....really....why are we still here....just to suffer.....every night, i can still feel my leg...
After his last post, I didn't know what else to expect. I saw it coming... and I still watched the whole gif.**Fool me once, shame on you; fool me twice, shame on me**
I haven't seen it yet, it's gonna be send nudes or a penisEDIT: haha! I knew it! Still disappointed 
Right click, play speed, LUDICROUS.
fuck you
METAL GEAR!
How-?!
FUCKING KNEW IT
Im 100% sure this is a send nudes one. 
Nice worth the wait for this logical conclusion.
Right click Gif, show controls
I knew this was coming from the one that was posted yesterday. Fortunately, I've already seen many games of snake completed.
Scrolling on mobile. Go to smash small bug walking across screen. Realize I'm an idiot. 
Repoooooooooooooost 
Dayum OP
This gave me ptsd 
I was thinking, why am I watching this, but then I thought, definitely worth it
Of course it ends with a dickbutt 
Worth the wait
Before I played this I was think this would be really impressive if it said Send Nudes 
Knew it as soon as i saw the length of the box
Don't worry; you can get playback controls [from the comments page.](http://i.imgur.com/HQDehIC.png)
So 90% of Reddit must have some really good nudes they've been reserving for Snake pros.
It says END NUDES doesn't it?
Came here to say this
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=VHQBgOZKk6k
I don't know. I didn't watch it. 
Same
You miss every shot you don't take...
Cloak?
Maybe they missed 8% of the shots they never took. 
Too much oxygen. Could be spending that energy in Engines for even more dodge.
- Lee Harvey Oswald. 
* Peter North
- John Wilkes Booth
IT'S FUIIISOONNNNN FRRENNNNZZYYYYYY TIIIIME! :D*edit*
The duke
One of my favourite [Penny Arcade](https://www.penny-arcade.com/comic/2002/03/25/) comics.
One of my favorite controllers ever. Quick disconnect feature was awesome. Halo: Combat Evolved with this controller was one of the best console FPS experiences ever.
I don't care what anyone else says, I liked the fat controller better. 
Daaamn gurl u Thicc 
Idk why but having controller on the box is making me laugh. Like what else could it be? 
[ALL HAIL DUKE. DUKE IS LIFE.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VNOyI9V2RfE)
Absolutely loved this controller. Probably my favorite ever. 
Dat a fatty 
Make a nice wooden display box for it 
I used to throw this at your uncle whenever he wouldn't stop using a needler.
Wow! How big is your wardrobe? 
american muscle at its finest.
God I miss this controller. Never had another controller that actually fit in my hands. I still don't understand why they can just make a 20 percent larger version of controllers. Why is that so fucking difficult? 
I never realized how much the original xbox controller looked like the batman symbol.
Praise be the duke!
The hamburger
Just seeing this bold controller has made me so happy
I preferred the Duke
Give it to your little kid when they ask to play multi-player and you don't want to give them an actual working controller.Edit: I just added a period it was bothering me.
Ahh the Duke... Good fucking times man. Holy Shit. 
Try and get a fresh xbox to go with it and preserve it
That's a $50 bill all day right there
In my house we call that one Big Nasty.
looks like sombody found a unwrapped xmas gift from 10 years ago
Loved this controller! 
Ah, the only cobsole controller big enough to ve actually comfortable to hold. 
The younger sibling controller
We used to call it big birtha, we only had one so we obly needdd it for 4 player.
I liked the smaller version much more, that big body controller hurt my hands.
People who didn't like this controller were crazy (and I have small hands). This was a great, comfortable controller with tons of personality and the inception of the S wasn't even necessary.People bitch about everything.
That controller is worth about $100, an original sealed duke is rare. 
I love the duke!
I mean, it could be an heirloom, of you don't accidentally drop it on your child's head.
Nah that controller is a piece of shit. 
My large hands loved that controller. I wish I could get it working for my PC
I actually came accustomed to using this titan of a controller 
I fucking loved the Duke, would rebuy one for PC or current gen in a heartbeat. Wish PlayStation had their own version for the PS4.
I can hear your past self WHERE THE FUCK DID I PUT IT DEBORAH!.
I really miss the grenade toggle when I play Borderlands. 
That was one of my favorite controllers.  Grip was fantastic. 
Your grace...
I still have one left, but it's condition isn't anywhere near that. Go buy Metal Slug 3!
This is the only controller I can use for long periods of time without getting cramps. I miss it so much...Big hands.. 
Oh man, if they released a Duke controller but with LB and RB instead of Black and White? I'd snap that up so fast.
Best controller of all time. Was so disappointed in its smaller cousin.
Still my favorite controller ever. 
No fucking way.  Sell that shit on Amazon. 
Dissect it and swap its guts out for a 360 controller to use with the pc
Call Boss Hog the Duke boys are at it again!
Like holding two baked potatoes 
More like 'Tonight, on a very special episode of Hoarders...'
Played Halo:CE with this controller... it kept making me throw grenades every 30 seconds for some reason.
Holy crap that controller was awful.  They want me to use my right thumb on an analog stick AND 6 buttons?  I remember trying to play SSX Tricky and it being such a chore with this controller.  Meanwhile with the PS2 controller, I could crush that game.They should have known better than to put the black and white buttons on the face.
I prefer mental illiness.
The Duke
Favorite control of all time, fit perfectly in my big hands.
Eww oh god throw it away
:/ i got one of these at home, but no xbox, it got an USB connector, is it possible to get it to work on a PC?(have tried, nothing happens when i plugg it in)
I always hated the fatty...
Looks like a dinosaur 
I'll brb, gonna take a picture of some old tech at a thrift store and post it as if it's been in my house forever for ez karma.
I remember waiting to buy an Xbox just to no have that Damn controller. It's kind of crazy to think that thing made it through R&D.
Zackshla ac shla ac ac pac. Win again! 
When we were too drunk to keep playing Halo we started in on that demo since it was on the same disk! We ended up screaming at eachother more on FF. You would think getting continuously spawn killed by the guy sitting next to you on the couch would induce more rage than racing up a spiral tower and jumping over random poles. NOPE.
Fuck. Yes. 
You know you can get fusion frenzy off the digital Xbox store right? I bought it the other day and have been creaming myself in nostalgia ever since
It's Bill Gates favorite game.
oh man, best college memories there. I loved the mini-game where you were running around the corkscrew trying to time your ducks and jumps. So fun.
Kungfu Chaos!
No one at my friends house seemed to like the Duke, which was okay with me, it always felt so right in my hands!
Shake it baby.
I remember when the xbox launched and I was playing halo: CE at a kiosk in gamestop. I was so lost how to use it. Black and white buttons? What the hell are these? I have smaller hands anyways, and this thing was like playing using a cinder block.
I have no original thoughts to post first :(
I was like it's got to be the bear one, was not disappointed. 
Agreed. Getting nostalgic just thinking about it. Four teenage boys, GameSpy, and Blood Gulch.
These were prized possessions during the early Halo era. You had a significant advantage if you stole the joysticks out of these and replaced them into the S-controller. The thumb grip and pattern is second to none, like they were made of straight-up tire rubber, and they were longer than the short ones on the S.Glory days and all...
I never understood the quick disconnect.  Why not just make the regular cable connector that instead of having two parts.
No kidding. I have large hands, and the fat controller was the first game controller I could hold comfortably for more than 15 minutes and not get hand cramps. Wish someone would take the innards of the current controllers and smack them into that form factor.
Event as an 11 year old at the time I always liked the original Xbox controller...
It's for the grandmas
One of the best shows ever. The wife and I ran through them all before the holidays and I had forgotten a lot of the jokes. 
And that's why you boys no longer have an uncle.
I think I paid AU$60 for it in 2002. It was pre-China, so prices were still pretty high. The packaging says Made in Malaysia.
**HERESY**
Is that what you think I did lol. Cheer up, little buddy. Things will get better for you, I promise. 
Oh god, I didn't like to use Zack but one time I was playing against my brother and his friends so I decided to use him. I wrecked them all so hard by the end one of them dedicated themselves to just messing with me so the other two could win.
Yellow OP!
That and the sumoball. Greatness.
hahahahah!HAHA my favorite actually was the one in Hamster Balls bumping each other off the decreasing size of a spiral arena. MY MIDDLE MY MIDDLE MY MIDDLE! OFF OFF OFF!
Any chance its backwards compatible on the xbox one too?  
I remember when playing against my siblings and cousins on that particular game.... we all be like so tensed, eyes on the screen, fingers going numb, and screams at the screen OMGOMGOMGOMG! 
I hated the Duke, when Microsoft released the S controller I was all over it
i loved it but my kids struggled with it.  It was pretty silly making it so big in the first place.
As someone with huge hands, I wish they would bring The Duke back. I loved how solidly it was built, and i miss that feeling, especially given way the newer plastic controllers feel.
I'm here to kick gum and chew ass. And I'm all out of ass.
I'll rip your head off and shit down your neck!
I always had huge hands as a kid. Still do. And it was the first controller I held which really felt right. 
Yeah I think I was in 5th grade when CE came out and I vividly remember going to a buddies house that had it and I couldn't even reach all the buttons. 
[deleted]
I knew the layout of Hang 'em High better than my own house. God, we clocked some hours on that. And Blood Gulch. They were perfect maps. 
You had me at four teenage boys.
Remind me the name?
https://imgur.com/HUshlQe
Huh? I never said that's what you did little guy, I just said what I was gonna do. Someone must be feeling a little guilty to come up with that huh little fellah?
WHERE, IS, THE COMP-E-TION?!
I would not know, I have only the 360
It's pretty much the only reason I play xbox over PlayStation. The controller just fits in my hand
same
Racist buttons
you are now on a list.this message is brought to you by the FBI
The Critic
Hell yeah, Death Watch Terminator. Now it's a party
If you try harder, you might be able to fit the word little in a few more times. Looks like I struck a nerve haha. Now run along, you scamp. 
18 is still a teen...
Thank you
and daddy issues debbie still has daddy issues.
Aw I forgot about that door lol
There's on in 4 as well, and it triggers a sentry bot
LOL I was so confused when I saw that door. We need more surprises in FO4 like FO3
There is something grand theft autoesque about this
But this is New Vegas, not 3 >.>
should have said send nudes
Very good place to farm high-level legendaries. Locking the prefix is a pain, though.
A sentry bot's just an alternative way of the game saying FUCK YOU.
It's a mod that brings 3 into New Vegas's engine.
Ah, that explains the lighting and such. I just remember there being a door just like this in F:NV. ^^^also, ^^^pointing ^^^out ^^^mistakes ^^^makes ^^^me ^^^feel ^^^smart.
Omfg the end of your post. XD
The only reason the brakes exist in Mario Kart is to punish the 2nd place player with the blue shell
One time I was playing mario kart double dash, last race of 16 race cup.  I just needed to come 6th to get 1st place.Of course I do terrible.But what makes it a memory I'll never forget is that there I am in 8th place, and a fucking *computer* drives BACKWARDS WITH FUCKING STAR POWER AND RUNS ME OVER.  What the actual fuck.
Solid meme. Man I wish the Switch was launching with more games. I really need a Metroid reason to buy this. 
Unless you're playing Mario Kart 8 and you're too close.  Then you get hit by it anyway.
Nintendo's PR is on fucking point now. They've seriously made a full 180. 
There are 3 kinds of people :- nice meme nintendo- omfg this is not true for recent mario karts wtf nintendo- wtf is a blue shell and who is this guy
Did Nintendo go from Wii U marketing to suddenly cool and relevant in NA advertising overnight?
/r/mii_irl
It's a meme, Mario
My worst karting experience was when I blue shelled myself in Mario kart 8.I was in 4th and launched a blue shell during the 3rd lap. I watched in horror as everyone in front of me either fell off the ledge or got hit by a shell or something stupid. Almost as soon as I activated the shell it hit me.I've never felt so betrayed by a video game.Near the finish lineI'll hit 1st with a blue shellFuck I hit myself!
Except that you can get hit by it depending on which Mario Kart you're playing... 
Could you imagine waking up in the middle of the night and seeing that Mario standing 6 feet in your room with that same look on his face? Fuuuuuuu
Sounds like my life's story, to be honest.
Yeah that thing will run you over if you don't see it in time and get out of its way.
[Similarly....](https://imgur.com/gallery/i6Qz0) 
Unless you're in second place and really close to the person in first. Or the first person already finished so the blue shell targets the person who is the closest to the finish line.
r/fellowkids 
N64 version the blue shell can totally screw you over no matter your position...
Now if only they tried this hard when it comes to actually meeting demand for their products.
You don't get hit by a blue shell if you dont have friends to play Mario kart with. Or any friends at all. Fuck.
Switch this with Luigi and you got yourself a solid meme.
Ffs It's just a meme, guys. They don't actually mean you can literally never get hit by a blue shell if you aren't in first... Some fucking people.
Don't let this meme distract you from the fact that in 1998, The Undertaker threw Mankind off Hell In A Cell, and plummeted 16 ft through an announcer's table.
I would slow down when I saw a blueshell coming just enough to be in second 
This is exactly why I never win in Mario Kart.I just want to maintain my 100% juke rate against the blue shell.
That's not true at all. You can get hit by it as it goes by you in any position in front of the guy throwing it and you can get hit with the explosion if you are close enough to the person in first place.
[Relevant Haiku](http://i.imgur.com/KzOoowm.jpg)
I uh..... been hit plenty as collateral from a blue shell.....
r/FellowKids
I'm always afraid of the blue shell ;)
world meme economy confirmed for first class
This must be their mindset for making consoles too.
FALSE: if you get in the way of the blue shells wrath, prepare tu daaaiiii kaka karrot cake
This is a lie.The vlue shell speeds ahead in the middle of the track. If you're in its wat you get rekt.
The blue shell won't hit you, but the explosion will if you are to close to the 1st place guy
Can't the blue shell hurt you if it flies through you?
Yes you can. Blue shell explodes. Often taking out first and second place depending on how close players are while racing. 
This is the greatest meme of all time lol Well played NintendoNY
well played nintendo, well played.
Marketing team just chilling watching memes all day.
This is cancer
I prove this wrong pretty much every time i play Mario Kart
It's supposed to be 'when you're in last place' because a blue shell can totally fuck you up in positions 7th through 2nd. Good job not knowing basic Mario Kart mechanics Nintendo.
This is impressive meme usage, 10/10
You can't have a nightmare, if you never dream.
Would even be better with Luigi.
The roll safe meme his took over! 
Blue Shells in Mario Kart are infuriating as fuck. 
GOOD ENOUGH
Yes you can. If you are jockeying in 2nd place, and a blue shell hits the person in 1st place in front of you, you can also get hit by the blast if you run into it. Some players will even slow down to ensure the people behind them also get hit by the blast as a tactic. 
I waited on many a Steam sale wondering about the portable aspect of the Switch and it may have sold me on it as a back-catalogue alternative to Steam. I Am Setsuna and its ilk will be much more fulfilling (to me) on a portable. The first party exclusives are extra icing.
This is not true. Blue shells can hit people as they make their way to first place.
You can if you're a close second...
TIL there are more Mario Kart games after Mario Kart 64.
Not true at all. I've tailed many people in first place and gotten the tail-end of a blue shell explosion
1. Get blue shell2. Hold it behind you3. Battle your way to the front 4. Violently swerve in front of any racer who tries to overtake you 5. 60% of the time, Win every time 
[>     well](http://i.imgur.com/GEdPfpk.gif)
Caption 11/10
Nor can you get the cool items that last place gets! 
you know a meme is dead when corporations start using it
I don't get it. Is this basic Mario Kart advice or Nintendo mocking the Switch prematurely?
I know this isn't /r/grilledcheese but paging /u/fuck_blue_shells anyways
On the same token, you never piss your pants if your pants are down.
This is so inaccurate lol! At least for Mario Kart 64 (the best one. I won't hear it!). Blue shells will take out anyone in their path. Even if you aren't in first place, you have to be on your guard for that infernal blue shell siren. 
Can't the blue shell hit you on it's way...?
This is an ad
Since the blue shell now drives along the road with the players, everybody can get hit...
Woah.Nintendo must've taken those surveys to heart...
you can still get hit by a blue shell if your last and getting overlapped where P1 happens to be close to you
I'll testify that I've been hit by the blue shell on numerous occasions while not in first place. Mario kart N64. Really surprised nobody commented yet. I can't be the only one!
Nintendo would certainly know plenty about not being in first place
And they're using it correctly and before it's either died or become overused \o/
Well except that it can still hit anybody in front of the one who threw it, because it travels on the ground and not the in the air anymore.
This is not true. If you are in it's path it will crushypy as well.
A game company with a bomb ass meme game? Did I die and go to heaven overnight??
You actually can get hit by a blue shell if you aren't in first place if you're in it's path, the blue shell just doesn't stop. This might vary based on game.
Anyone who is amazing at Mario Kart knows you are supposed to stay in 2nd place the whole time with triple red shell if you want to win consistently
That's a fucking lie. I get hit by blue shells all the time when I'm not in 1st on the 64 version. If you're in the path you're getting fucked
Mario coaches the New England Patriots?
I disagree. I've been caught in the blue blast when in close second too many times.
Mario has gotten to that level of realism where he is super creepy looking...
False - the Blue Shell will mercilessly rampage through players along the way to first place in older games, and will make a fair-sized explosion in newer ones, easily hitting close second- and third-place players.
False just be too close to 1st place guy and you can be hit
That is not true at all.  
This is a lie
Does Nintendo even play their own game?
Wait but it can .... on the way to first ?
Translation: Move up the corporate ladder slowly because the CEO has to die someday. And then you take his place! And then you die too. 
I can't tell if this is shade or motivational
That moment when you get lapped and get hit by a blue shell anyways
This is an actual strategy that I employ in my game. Just stay in 2nd place till the last lap and then get 1st and win the game.
Actually if you're close to the first place kart you can still get hit. It won't target you, but you can very well get hit. 
*#*SweetDeeLogic
I live my life by this motto.:/
I thought they were called Battle Shells...
That's like saying you can't get burned if you don't play with fire.
Every time I tell my parents this they just roll their eyes. 
me_irl
But you can... it happens all the time in Mario kart 8
Stay woke
r/getmotivated needs this.
The shell finds a way to hit me anyways
This would have worked better if they used Luigi
Yea you can... while it's making it way to the first player it could hit players in the way, also the splash damage.
Well, discounting N64 Blue Shell. When released, it'll punch a hole in anybody unfortunate between it and first place....Or you could hold it behind you for defense. Indestructible so it'll block every red shell, some green shells, and whoever gets too close on your tail. Brake-check, mothertrucker!
If I could gold I would.
In MK8 the brakes are also there to take almost every single turn in 200cc
TRIGGERED
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_43cq3DalZw
In MK8 it doesn't matter if you brake. If you are 1st place when it launches, you are doomed. The only thing you can do is trying to take as much other racers with you when it drops. 
Don't forget about the bananas. If you hit a banana head on you can stop yourself from sliding by tapping the brake.
It's useful for many shortcuts too, such as [here](https://youtu.be/gg2bqKJZT6E?t=40s), [here](https://youtu.be/rE5N64FT5qw?t=1m7s), [& here](https://youtu.be/g7qRgMqLloM?t=35s).
Drift and reverse backwards into the finish line to piss your friends off also
Brakes exist for drifting and getting the mini turbos from drifting. 
You witnessed the birth of AI.
This reminds me of my long running rivalry with Donkey Kong in Mario Party 2. Now I was a bit of a recluse in my teens so I played Mario Party 2 alone a lot. Anyways I always had DK on the AI side because I loved beating him. Why? On more then one occasion when I had neither most stars nor most coins, when he would get to a boo, he would still steal from me. Not the guy with the most coins. Not the guy with the most stars. Me. I hate that ape.
This is the Madden equivalent of your star receiver dropping a go route bomb. Sometimes the AI actually hates you. 
Jesus I must've attempted that dozens of times. The only time I won was when I could come in 8th place on rainbow road (and I did)
I love this more than I can explain why
GTA AI style
Are you sure it wasn't on the Luigi Circuit track where it makes a loop? He might have been going the correct way on the course, but was just way ahead of you
Oh god I am just imagining that situation in my head and it fucking hilarious.
BotW, Splatoon 2, MK8 Deluxe (I didn't have a Wii U), and Super Mario Odyssey are enough content for me for the year. I'm sure there's plenty of unannounced stuff as well (hoping for Pokemon).
The N64 launched with Super Mario 64 and PilotWings 64.That was it.
You can't launch with bad games if you only launch with a few games*points to forehead*
THIS MEME HAS GONE CORPORATE!! SELL SELL SELL!!
Games will come. 1st year looks good. I expect some news at E3Regardless.. If Nintendo gives me an true Animal Crossing for the Switch I'll never need to play another game again
It's completely false! What about all of the destruction that those damn blue shells do on their way to first? It's some infuriating bs sometimes!
there is a rumor that we will see metroid at e3
How is it solid? The blue shell CAN hit you when you're not in first. 
I need Monster Hunter.  
I can't agree with this enough. I recently had to spend My Nintendo points on something, but I had no idea what. Saw I could get Super Metroid for a good price, so I did that.Played the game again, sadly did it 2 hours more than my average and missed 2 missile containers, but I also remembered exactly how fucking awesome Metroid could be.They need to do something with the franchise that isn't dogshit.
Theres over 100 games in development though, from 70 different publishers. This is fairly new info, i dont know how many of those games will actually get finished, but presumably enough to make the switch worth it
We're pleased to announce Other M 2, exclusively for the Switch!
there a lot of niche indie games. Hollow knight look's interesting, shovel knight, binding of Issac, streetfighter. and a ton more coming out for launch.
Last good metroid was on game cube ... good luck finding a metroid reason to buy.
2d metroid sequal to metroid fusion would be awesome
I'd be more specific unless you want Another M
Or any other Mario Kart after Double Dash. Not sure if they exploded like that before. 
that's why you hold onto that AOE horn power up thingy for dear life if you get it last lap-ish and have a lead. if you time it, horn negates blue shell.
I remember when I was a young lad playing Mario Kart double dash on the GameCube.. I used to split screen with my three sisters. The ol trick was to just screen peek to see when people get the blue shell, then you drop to second or third depending on how close the race is. Good times. Miss that game
yep, right before a blue shell hits you, hit the brakes, so everyone passes you right when it hits. take them out and you, so you have a fair chance to get back the lead. 
Or Mario Kart 7
Sounds like how I play mario kart
So you're saying Nintendo has made quite the switch??  
Is this a meme? Or are you saying they were always on point and are now headed...in exactly the same direction as before.
180 bro why do people struggle with this concept so often
X-Box 360?
That means that it's going the same way it was before...
C'mon, even the most out-of-touch non-gamer in the world is going to at least recognize Mario. 
make that 4 http://puu.sh/tY2Cb.png
4 kinds.Nintendo caught on this meme. SELL SELL SELL/r/MemeEconomy
Accurate. 
> omfg this is not true for recent mario karts wtf nintendoHow is it not true? You can get hit by the splash damage if you're too close to 1st place person when they get hit, but you can't be targeted by it if you're never in 1st place as it says.
Fuck blue shells. And fuck people who call melts grilled cheeses. Those people make me sick.
Almost like a complete Switch 
Over the last few months at least
They became a completely different company once Reggie learned how to snap.
Underrated comment
Had to vocalize in my head to get rid. Heh. 
Miime
Perfect  
Well played. Would read again.
Did you save the replay? 
I think every version. It travels down the middle of the track and if you happen to be there...
*dead of night, nice and quiet**Suddenly, a large figure rises overtop your bed, vaguely human-shaped**You tremble in fear, and the only thing you remember before your terrified shrieks is*^^^It's-a ^^^me, ^^^Mario
oh god
I know, fuck blue shells. Always giving me severe concussions when I do something great.
So the meme should read:You can't get hit by a blue shell if you are always in last place.
It's nintendo so it doesn't count
We can't sell out of the Wii Uif the Wii U sucks ass*Taps on head*
You can play solo if you have a Gamecube.
*in some games
You must be so cool!
You're cancer
*is being killed. Yanks. *sigh*
they always are pretty bullshit. they aren't even very useful for the person using them!
I always found it easier to win when you get into first place and build a comfortable lead in case you make any mistakes or run into any items 
But not everyone plays the Mario kart that does that 
Pfft, if you cant take the turns you're not going quick enough. Tape down that drift-button!
HOP HOP HOP HOP HOOOOOOPPPPPP *squeeeeeekkk* HOP
Pro tip: you can brake and drift at the same time. Game changing 
Wait what, tell me more. Actual brakes, not drifting?
TURBOOO@!
You'd be throwing your controller - my gf
That last scream from Daisy during her second decent down into the river made me laugh out loud.
This angered me so much I nearly threw my phone in a river from 2nd hand rage. Amazing
...Right, take down other players by braking so that they run into the explosion. Hence why brakes exist
[deleted]
Unless you somehow have a mushroom/star and time it.
You can drop out if you use the mini-map if 2nd is near or use an item like a mushroom or horn
Not doomed if you have a Super Horn!
Replying for l8r
You don't drift with the brake. Separate button.
WITNESS ME!
lmaoedit: man now I feel like I should've left a better comment.Here you go.
The finish line was not meant for you
A friend and I were playing 150CC in Mario Kart 8 the other day. The AI in front of me had 2 enemies perfectly in his line of sight to hit with a Green Shell, but decided to throw the shell backwards and hit me while already in 5th place so I dropped to dead last.    I said, that was possibly the most disrespectful thing I've ever seen in Mario Kart. That was absolutely disgusting.
Sounds specifically like skynet in this case.
Mario Kart's AI is notoriously good. Screw Google's self-driving cars, it'd be waaaaay more interesting to put 150cc Mario Kart AI behind the wheel. 
I swear they programmed DK to be a dick, because even if you put him on easy mode he would still seem to be the biggest competitor. 
KOOOOOONNNNNNGGGGG!!!!!
I feel your pain
As someone who also played a lot of Mario Party solo, I totally understand. I can't remember who it was but I definitely remember there always being one CPU who existed just to screw with you.
DONKEY BITCH ASS
And then getting a career ending injury and the dropped pass gets picked off
Mhh more of a blocker that is dominating the paLayer and decides to let go.
On the all cup tour the last race will always be rainbow road. The first will always be Luigis Circuit. Just a fun fact :)
Mario Odyssey isn't out until Dec and Mario Kart in April. Not exactly launch titles.
I think for most people it's:Botw...Mario Kart......watch Stranger Things season 2 on Netflix...Mario Odyssey
Come on Pokken Tournament 2 and a decent open world RPG in he Pokeverse. (Ok I know it's a stretch but still!)
The Xenoblade sequel is scheduled to release this year globally...I doubt they'll make it in time (at least outside of Japan), but hey, I'll take all the Monolith I can get.
snipperclips and arms look pretty fun to me too but I mean I still play splatoon to this day so i'm biased
Just BotW is enough honestly 
BotW, MK 8, Xenoblade 2, Octopath Traveller, Shovel Knight, Stardew Valley, I am Setsuna, Splatoon 2, Yooka-Laylee, and Mario Odyssey are all the games I want for switch.That's 10 games I'm getting and the console hasn't even come out yet.
Same. I skipped the wii u and only with BotW, Odyssey and Mk8 I'm set up for a long time. Throw skyrim into the mix and I'm good to go for the next five years (I haven't even finished my first play though and I got it for pc two years ago). I never played splatoon and I never been good at those fps games but I might give splatoon a try. And arms. But for that one I need a second set of joyconsI'd love to see rocket league there too.
Also isn't $299 a pretty low price point? To me that's a great reason to buy it. 
Exact same story here.
Dont forget skyrim
Hell, BotW alone is enough to tide me over until Splatoon and/or skyrim
Am I one of 15 people that is excited for a new Bomberman game? 
Same here. The only things this console needs after that is Pokemon, Animal Crossing and a good paper Mario. Smash bros will come obviously. 
I got one for Xmas & only had Wave Race. Played it every day! 
    >FIFA Soccer 64.    Pilotwings 64.    Star Wars: Shadows of the Empire.    Super Mario 64.    Turok: Dinosaur Hunter.    Wayne Gretzky's 3D Hockey. These were the launch games for N64.
And look at how that console turned out, DEAD and abandoned 22 years later. Sad.
Compared to its direct competitor, the PS1, the N64 was also almost a commercial failure. Though, of course there were some classic and much-beloved games for the system.
Obligatory [Dunkey](https://youtu.be/7y9CLWJvia8?t=8m46s).
Honestly, that was enough. Both games had me invested for weeks.
Smaht 
If you don't mind, what is the original meme?
/r/MemeEconomy 
I'll believe it when I see it, I've disappointed myself too many times with each direct that's come out to even start the fires for the hype train
There's been a rumour that we'll see a Metroid release at E3 for years now...I don't think I'm ready for more heartbreak and disappointment.
Metroid Prime is still in my top 5 GOAT. God how I wish I could get that series on PC in HD.
They were only in the N64 game before that. They were basically a red shell that only targeted the player in first, but couldn't be broken by other items or opponents.
Or MK64, or MK7, or MK8 when you're in its path and it barrels through you
I actually kind of preferred the way it was in MK64 - it didnt explode but it ran along the ground like a red shell and knocked out any player that happened to be in the way.  Felt a little more fair.  
So does a mushroom and a well timed mini-turbo...In MK8 once the blue shell is right above your head and starts the animation for slamming down, it's escapable.
Mario Kart 7 on the DS you can see what items other people have. I'd do basically what you described, but without the sketchy moral code. 
Be in 5th place, get lightening = gg 
I miss you more.
You'll be happy to know Nintendo actually encouraged [screen peeking](https://www.reddit.com/r/gaming/comments/407cx6/nintendo_encouraged_screenwatching_in_super_mario/)
Well played sir
*Snap
*snapping intensifies*
Make it stop
Yes, it's a meme from 4chanThe original was a joke: Why is it called the Xbox 360?and the answer was Because after you see it you do a 360 and walk away.I'm pretty sure the joke originated on 4chan as well, and the joke was intended to be serious, but the poster didn't realize they'd fucked up and then it became a meme on 4chan.
Why do people struggle with sarcasm and jokes so often.
woosh
Because people are, generally speaking, fucking stupid.
THIS GUY GETS IT
It's-a meme, Mario!
I thought so too until I mentioned Mario stuff in front of my mumI slowly came to accept she hasn't paid attention anything game related since about 1980. She's not even out of touch or anythingIt's possible !
Oh don't be so sure about that...
REEEEEE
You deserve to die, now. 
*badumtiss*
Bravo. I like it.
A good start to a kinky Marapeio porno 
Stop doing great things ya dolt
But if you're far enough behind that the first person catches up to you.....
Wish I had friends though ): believe it or not, gaming caused me to lose my friends, and make it harder to get new ones.
Pick any game - it can hit others. It was introduced on the 64 - in that one it went along the ground and could take out anyone who was in the middle of the track on its way to 1st. I'm pretty sure they changed it in the next game (double dash?) to the flying version that explodes - which is able to take out 2nd as well if they're close enough. (Also, at least on MK Wii, it would target 2nd place if 1st place had already finished the race)Then for MK7 it's back on the ground and able to take people out. AFAIK, there is no version of the blue shell that will hit 1st and guarantee no collateral damage. 
Ya... not Mario Kart, but my first time playing F-Zero on gameboy... I didn't know about the 'magnetic turning' feature... until I had already beaten the entire game.
INITIAL D
Doesn't sound like you've played rainbow road 200cc
Yeah I don't know how people still play MARIO Kart and don't know about the drifting and drift boosts
You almost can in 200cc. Drift central.
I'd argue this is true ten fold for CTR,   if you ain't going sideways,   you should be playing mario kart instead.
Aye, brakes only slow you down, eh. 
Yeh. B Button Bro. Since 64. You could use the brakes to drift all realistic-like too.
Braking while drifting is what you need to do in 200cc
psh. frequently my ass. coin coin coin green shell coin coin...
Dunno about frequently... also you have to trade the safety of a trailing green shell to have one. So is it worth saving for a blue shell? Not usually.
Could you tell that to my game? I only ever get it in 5th-6th place.
Wait a second, you can mushroom out the blue shells? I know you can book box then pretty easily and the stars of course 
WITNESS!!!
Username checks out
all shiny and chrome...
WITNESS ME SEMPAI!
*^TIFFANYYYY*
I LIVE, I DIE, I LIVE AGAIN!
Quite
He's like Ghandi.
Well he *was* the OG Mario bad guy. 
Enough content for me for the year, but yeah the launch lineup is pretty lackluster (first party wise) if you're not a fan of Zelda or party games like 1, 2 Switch. Zelda's enough for me though, so I don't mind.
True, but what other launch titles if sold with zelda would even be bought, let alone prosper. Zelda is too big a title, it's all anyone would talk about for a whole month. Any other title would perish at launch. 
Really? I'm super excited about Splatoon and fire emblem warriors and I'm open to Arms and I've never played Skyrim yet..... AND all the games you mention. Objectively I agree it's a thin launch but for me personally the first year is non-stop goodness by the looks of it  
Yep. I'll probably get a Switch for my birthday. MK will have released then, but I own a Wii U. So I can choose between Zelda and a game I already own. Of course there are more games, but they don't interest me enough to get them. I'm sure it'll get better over time though. I'm already looking forward to Mario Odyssey and I'm curious what the next years will bring. 
> open world RPGYou have Xenoblade 2 if you want. I'm personally excited for that.
I'm so freaking excited for it. It's actually the first console I've ever pre-ordered. I have a feeling it's going to be a crazy good gaming machine. Especially after the first year.
Yep. I'd rather have BotW than 5 just good games.
If BotW came out tomorrow for a system you own, would you pay $400 for it?If your answer is no, it's not enough.
> I'd love to see rocket league there too.Rocket League on the switch seems like a match made in heaven. I hope Psyonix make it a reality.
That's because Wave Race is one of the greatest racers of all time. That and the original SSX were like arcade crack.
Wow a 90's Lucas arts starwars game. What a time
Turok and FIFA didn't come out until 1997. Edit: Mario and Pilotwings were definitely the only launch titles. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chronology_of_Nintendo_64_games
Maybe in Europe. In the US it was just Mario and Pilot Wings. 
I played the shit outta Gretzky hockey. And no memory card...
As someone who got the N64 the day after it came it (in the US), this is definitely not accurate. There was only Mario and Pilotwings at launch. 
Only in PAL regions.  US and JP launched before that, with only SM64 & Pilotwings.
The ps1 made every console in history look like an utter failure, so it's a bit of an unfair comparison 
Just because of his wording I was expecting During this time many classics were released, like Tarzan for the PS1. That's it. from History of Gaming
welp he just sold me on inside
I'd like to know that too. I saw it on [JonTron's twitter](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/C4Cu8AcUoAAiMcG.jpg:large).
[Here](http://knowyourmeme.com/memes/roll-safe)
Use Dolphin.
But they could also hit others on the way to the person in first. Thus the beauty
I thought so. Wasn't sure since I had no Mario Kart on the N64 x/Thanks for chiming in. 
Was also in super circuit for the gba
Pretty sure the ghost/boo item makes you immune too. Good luck having it while also being in first place though.
Screen watching split screen isn't sketchy. It's all in the game
MK7 is on 3DS... but yes, MKDS for DS has that feature too. When I was a kid I'd look at the bottom screen, see some guy with a blue shell and be like hell naw then reverse so the guy in 2nd catches up and gets blown up lol
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=acVbcT6GZj4
Thanks for explaining.
Not really, it's based on this currently popular meme with this guy tapping his headhttp://m.imgur.com/6qLscBa
[It's a 180...](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=AiCF1QdyxhM)Edit: I get the joke and know the meme. This was also supposed to be a joke. That's why I commented here and not the parent. Got a PM calling me a fucking retard. Damn guys...
The poster definitely knew he was wrong, it's 4chan for God's sake, that's how their jokes work
Technically if you did a 360 you'd be facing the Xbox again. 
I don't know. I think this guy just got it wrong. Nintendo's PR is on fire lately. They sure is shit weren't with the Wii U. I think they've learned from the past. Hard to say they're exactly where they were. They've really made a Switch. 
I mean, he edited it to 180. So I guess it wasn't a joke.
If I've ever seen one, this is it
ITS-A MEME-A YOU DIP
>she hasn't paid attention anything game related since about 1980.That sounds pretty out of touch to me.
Sounds like she's out of touch. Mario is basic pop culture at this point 
You've got to chill like ice cubes in a glass man.
No, it's more like a snap/click noise.
mario is love, mario is life
Fine:You can't get hit by a blue shell if you refuse to play.
This guy F-Zeros on gameboy...
There was a magnetic turning feature?!? 
ok way off topic here but now that has me thinking of a game on PS1 where you rode futuristic hover jet skis and you could do like a grapple / magnetic turn move at certain points on the track. There'd be a pole type thing that you'd lock on to and then whip your hover jet ski thing around it. fuck I need to remember its name!
Haha I can relate  when you didn't understand the game completely and missed a couple of features it had, because you were too small  and too stupid to grasp what's going on...but you completed the game anyway because you **_kept trying_**and now you look back and think, how is this even possible using only those mechanics!?
 I played Diddy Kong racing till the last boss until I learned that you boost faster when you take the finger off the acceleration. I believe it is even hinted in the manual.
Reminds me of when I didn't know you could run in Golden Sun until 30 hours in when you HAD to run across a sand waterfall and a friend showed me you had to run across. 
DEJA VU! I HAVE BEEN IN THIS PLACE BEFORE!
Yeah 200cc is fuckin nutso. Braking is no longer optional.
Huh, TIL.
Banana peel coin coin coin 
The timing is super tight compared to other Mario kart games. I know for a while people thought you couldn't then someone posted a vid of it.
MEDIOCRE! 
hmm yes shallow and pedantic. 
Nuclear kong
/r/unexpectedciv
Totally missed the for the year part. I'm still excited for the switch myself for the same games. 
Isn't the new Zelda game available on Wii U also, though?
Lackluster is completely wrong. The Nintendo DS and Wii both had MUCH weaker launches than the Switch, and look at how they did.
Keep in mind Odyssey could easily be delayed. Though they'll be really reluctant to push it past December, as it could be a solid system seller.
IDK man, i wish i could say that too. I'm sure Zelda will be fantastic, so awesome with that kind of gameplay/graphics on a 'mobile' console that you can play anywhere/anytime... causing you to play anywhere/anytime... meaning it won't last you for very long till you play it to death ...? :[
Seeing Skyrim among those games feels so out of place.
Don't forget to put Snipperclips, Hollow Knight, and Puyo Puyo x Tetris on that list. Also, Xenoblade 2 might actually come out this year, we'll see.
Art style looks like a step back though 
I miss Lucas Arts. Jedi Knight II: Jedi Outcast was such a fantastic game.
According to your list it looks like the PAL N64 launched with a bunch more games.  US and JP did indeed only launch with SM64 and Pilotwings though.  TIL.
I think you mean the PS2 made every console in history look like a complete failure https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_best-selling_game_consoles
Oh, I do. But an HD remaster specifically for PC would be amazing. Of course I know it'll never happen, but a guy can dream.
Which, in a way, was a lot more fair than the current design. Although I suspect the Chain Chomp / Bullet Bill / Lightning items took that role instead so they had to give the Blue Shell a more unique gimmick.Edit: I have been informed that the Blue Shell was redesigned/un-redesigned in Mario Kart 7 to travel along the ground again.
It does this in the newest installments too.
Yes, of course. I Always forget about Super Circuit.
Came here to say this, that was the first video game I ever played.  Super underrated.
Slam on the brakes before the first set of item boxes at the start of the race so you're technically in last place, then hold on to that item for dear life.
Found the gay sibling 
It's a breach of honor 
Alternatively, you can do a 180 and moonwalk out of there. 
He wasn't referring to the Nintendo tweet he was talking about the 'Nintendo's PR doing a 360' comment.
>this guyfuck, am I old?
At most 3 ice cubes tho
Why are we putting Ice Cube in a glass?
Unless of course *unlikely scenario that entails getting hit by a blue shell without playing*
Anyone who F-Zeros on any console has my attention usually.
I beat Simpsons Roadrage on my Gameboy and boy, was it a horrible experience. 
lol to be fair I believe GBA had an F-Zero game.
>my first timeAnd how!
something to do with the shoulder buttons on gba... it's only been.. over a decade since I last played?
I didn't know either!!!
Jet Moto
It was on that demo disc with bloody roar 1 and parappa the rappa!
Wave Race 64
Jet Moto?
[Jet Moto?](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jet_Moto_\(video_game\))
For anyone playing in Europe or Australia, it was Jet Rider in these places~
Jet Moto 2 was a goddamn fucking classic. I played the shit out of those games.
/r/tipofmytongue ?  
Wipeout?
Multi-track drifting! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=86PUB4u2s2A
HIGHER ON THE STREET, AND I KNOW IT'S MY TIME, TO GO!
aw shoot
Nuclear dong
Differences-900p docked on Switch, 720p undocked on Switch-720p on Wii U-Better audio on Switch-Requires 3 additional Gigabytes of storage on the Wii U-(Not official claim) from what I've seen there are much more frequent frame drops in the Wii U versionOverall the Switch version is the version to buy
yeah but i never bought a Wii U
There's a fair amount of people that would prefer to get the game on a better system that they know will come back and use in the future rather than a discontinued console that is less convenient to plug in and play
Yep, and it isn't even that heavy of a downgrade according to most accounts.  
Did you just call nintendogs weak???
Wii had sports and the original motion controls and became an overnight sensation almost entirely because of that.The DS didn't sell too well on release iirc, took a few solid releases till it started hitting it's stride.
Rumor is it's nearly done and being delayed precisely to have a big holiday title. I think March is a soft launch and by December it will be a system worth owning.
They said somewhere development is nearly done at this point. Nintendo pushed it back to ensure they had a strong system selling title for the holidays. So yeah highly doubt it's going to get delayed
I've played that game so many times. I still can't wait to buy it again. Yes it's from 2011 but I can play it on a handheld now >_<
It does. Don't understand why they pick the most generic anime look. Hopefully Xenoblade is ported to switch for those who didn't play
Xenoblade and xcx were both also visual steps back. At the same time however, they pushed their systems to the max through things like huge worlds and massive battles.I have high hopes that xenoblade 2 will do the same, irregardless of the graphics.
True, but the PAL launch titles were only launch titles because they got the console 6 months later. 
That too, but since it came out long after the ps1 and n64 it didn't make sense to bring it up.
Agreed. The design from n64 Mario kart would travel in the middle of the track until it reached the person in first. So if you weren't in first, stay to the side of the track, easy. My favorite blue shell is the original blue shell 
Yeah mk7 on the 3ds has the blue shell running along the ground. I've been bit by it many atime 
And then you have to get to first with no items and then you get electrocuted and lose it anyway. 
I had to screen peek. My brother was a fucking God at double dash and the only way I could out race him was gun him bloody down.Still though, we made a great combo. I aimed he drove. Miss that game.
It's fair game for everyone. No one is at an advantage if you just allow it
I laughed louder and I laughed more than I should admit
...A starling's egg falls on your head from such a height as to constitute it's blue shell having hit you.
I remember my first F-Zero like it was yesterday; in my buddy's bedroom with his Super Nintendo.
Oh god. Gamecube version was pretty good tho
Two of them 
Pressing them.  That's the something to do that you do with them. 
Yeah. Didn't the vehicle kind of lean to the left or right, allowing a tighter turn in conjunction with the control pad?
Yessssss thank you! ughhhh ohhhhhh i'm feeling the nostalgia flow through my body
Dat mountain dew team
Man I wish they still put out demo disks thoses were great...I used to love intelligence cube for ps1
Kick, Punch, now turn to the left!
wow i had that demo disk! I think it had the first tomb raider, metal gear solid, and the first twisted metal on it as well. The memories. 
get out
/r/tipofmyjoystick in this case.
Not to mention the superior graphics and textures 
We haven't seen a FPS comparison between the Wii U and Switch on the same build to be fair.
Not to mention the Switch still has potential as a system. Not counting re-releases, the Wii U only has 5 or 6 titles I'm interested in and there's no way I'm buying one. The Switch already has Breath of the Wild and Super Mario Odyssey, both of which I'm more excited about than any Wii U title, and there are 4 or 5 more confirmed titles that I'm interested in.
The switch still doesn't do 1080p gaming??? 
And better draw distance
900p docked? Was I wrong in thinking docked the switch can go 1080p? Is only Zelda at 900p then or is that the switch docks upper limit 
You're 100% not wrong despite the negative score. Unless you for some reason cannot bear to miss 1 2 switch it's pointless to not wait until at the very least summer for the switch.
It definitely is, audio even takes a hit on the Wii u vs the switch 
Yeah, I don't remember the DS being a huge hit right away. The DS had Nintendogs and that's it. You had teenage boys (me) playing Nintendogs cos we liked the idea of the system but had no games to play. That said, Nintendogs was very very good and highlighted the capabilities of the system the same way Wii Sports did the Wii
It's like when the tales series stopped using cel shading and went with the pastel clay doll look.
Regardless. 
Pro's did the strategie in Mario Kart Wii. They would wait a bit at the start so they'd be last place and get a huge item out of the first item box. Since they are not even really behind they can easily come back by pure driving skills and then use their item to gain a significant advantage.
I was just playing, my brother watched my screen in halo all the time. He came out as gay last year 
Honorless. 
You can't get hit by a blue shell in the video game Mario Kart if you refuse to play the video game Mario Kart.
I remember my first F-zero like it was yesterday. Literally F'd zero times. 
I was 12 and was at a flea market with my father, I just had my SNES with SF2 Turbo, randomly bought 2 naked cartridges fzero and star fox for 5$ each.... Oh boy... The joy, the glee
Same. Belonged to my best friends (three brothers) growing up. Back then I was able to see wonder in everything and feel excited about stuff. F-Zero had me floored; I must have played it more than them because they let me borrow it from 1995 to 1999. Those were better times.Edit: Forgot about recently revisiting a shitload of F-Zero GX in DolphinVR. Worth playing if you have the rig. The VR works well for it; better than most titles on that port.
I just googled it, the graphics were so much more real in my head.
show me on this doll where captain falcon showed you his moves.
SAME
Beej, sister
Go on....
Mine was in the bonus room of a kid from the neighborhood that I didn't really know but met while sledding on a snow day. 
Picture it, pussy cat, F-Zero, 1925.
Hell yes! Is that the original racer, or the GTA style sandbox one? Both were really tun IMO, and were both steeped in plenty of Simpson's lore.
Three if you lived in Japan.
I read it in Nintendo Power
Ehhhhh, I dunno. That doesn't sound familiar.
I thought you used magnets to pull them
Sounds like an orgasm to me, pal.
For future reference r/tipofmyjoystick is a wonderful place!
> ughhhh ohhhhhhI don't think that was nostalgia...
You totally respawned memories of this game for me. I played this game against my dad and never could beat him... I miss those days..twisted metal, time splitters, vigilante 8, resident evil, and nfl (the game that killed friendships) I miss that simple time in my life. Nowadays I don't even own a system.Off topic but did anyone here ever play zombies ate my neighbors? It was seriously one of the best games ever, and still fun to play today! When reminiscing about old games, I have yet to meet a person who has played that game
I remember that one! That one was on the same disc that had that hydro wave runner game that dude above is talking about and like gex the gecko and some other stuff!
The only time i ever even saw that game was on demo disc.  Im pretty sure it doesnt exist in the real world
Strange that Intelligent Qube was never released on PSN in NA.  Instead you have to pay $40 to $50 for a used copy.  It's worth it, in my opinion.
That's true, we'll just have to wait
Mario odyssey, splatoon 2 and mk8 deluxe are 1080p60fps, among others. Zelda is the exception here.
It can, but not for BotW. People speculate it's because of all the extra affects in the game (such grass blowing, horse trot noises, etc. that force the Switch to have to run at a lower resolution.) MK8Deluxe for example runs at 1080p 60fps at all times (switches to 720p on undocked because the resolution of the tablet itself.)
Nintendogs wasn't even a launch title, it came out 5-6 months later.They did however have Super Mario 64 DS and Metroid Prime Hunters: First Hunt (which I think was just a demo, but MAN did I have fun with that -- it was the most beautiful handheld game I'd ever seen).
We get it, you made good grades in school. No need to brag.
This is one of the funniest things I've read on the internet. 
I have fzero GX for the GameCube haven't played it since 2007. I stopped playing it because I couldn't beat the last cup on expert haha. It's next to impossible. You'll be in first place then at the last second you'll cross the finish and you'll be in third.
death wind was fuckin hard at first
Road Rage is like Crazy Taxi, Hit & Run was the sandbox one. Hit & Run is a personal favourite of mine, I loved how there were slightly different areas for each character. They created a great world in all fairness for what I imagine was quite a low-budget game for the time.
Four if all you want to do is one-up the previous guy.
No trust me, I can confirm. My friend's uncle works for gameboy.
They don't call it /r/tipofmyjoystick for nothing. 
that nostalgia penetrated me deep
Zombies Ate My Neighbors was amazing!!! Holy shit haven't thought about that game in a while. I played that with my brother all the time as a kid.Edit: that and Toejam & Earl were my two favorite games for Sega Genesis purely because of how much fun they were Coop.
I have been looking for years
It's also likely because game wasn't built from the ground up for the Switch.
yeah wish those horse trot noises were better optimized and weren't such a system hog
>  Metroid Prime Hunters: First Hunt the demo was a pack in, but there was a full game.I could only play the demo because of the wrist strap stylus thing that came with it.
So you've never seen the extra cup? It had some of the coolest tracks.
Yeah, screw that. You could get PTSD trying to beat that game. This time around I hacked it to unlock all the racers and tracks and stuck mainly to cruising in time trial with a few cups here and there.
Long time ago now, but yeah, i remember both as solid and enjoyable well made games. 
Five if you're really committed to the bit.Edit: too much... got it. I'm committed though.
no, no, trust ME. i can confirm your confirmation. my friends cousins brother in law is gameboy. 
Pfffft. My friends, cousins, step-dads old college roommate works at F-Zero. He said shoulder buttons are a rumor spread by the chineese.
Yeah, the full game came out almost 2 years later though, right? The demo was a launch title is what I meant.
