Will you ever release your Father stretch my hands remix?
is Cruel Winter really coming
Hey who is your favorite member of GOOD to work with and why is it Kanye?
Heyyyyyy it's CyHi The Prynce Ask me anything!
Why do you think God's iPod would only have one playlist?
Whats your favourite song that you've worked on?
Peace ya'll Thank you for your questions!!!
Got any verses on Cruel Winter?
Thanks for stopping by!Do you ever get upset/frustrated from your lack of recognition from the main stream audience?  You've written a bunch for many artists, but a common fan probably doesn't know who you are.Also, are we ever getting a CDQ version of your FSMH Pt. 1 remix??
what's the wildest shit you've ever seen in the studio?
What was notably different about Ye when working on MBDTF compared to Yeezus
What 1 rapper dead or alive would you want to collaborate with the most? Also that FSHM remix is dope we need that shit.
What's your favourite Kanye album?
On a scale of yes to yes is Gucci Mane a Living Legend?
What's your favorite anime?
Have you ever used a beat that some random person sent you?
CyHi what's good! Your song Mandela has an amazing iconic South African sample. How was it making that song and who came up with the idea to use that beat and sample?
Hey, CyHi.  Hystori was a pivotal album for my junior year of high school and I'm glad you made it.  Just one question,- Is there any M16 production on this next album?
Hey CyHi, huge fan! who is your biggest musical inspiration? also, who is a rapper who you thinks deserves more eyes? 
Are you gonna collaborate with Childish Gambino or his brother Steve G. Lover for Stone Mountain's sake?
Who's your favorite new wave artist?
Favorite cartoon character? 
* Who's some of your favorite up and coming artists?* Are you collaborating with anybody on your album? * How should we suggest artists we would love to hear you with? PS: Huge news to hear Kayne is producing your album
You got any work with Desiigner?  That would be a crazy contrast haha
CyHi... what's up brother... What's your favorite hip-hop song of all time?
Who do you think was your biggest inspiration when finding your sound? (P.S. Legend SLAPS)
What's the best album to come out of the South? 
How do you feel about Kayne meeting with Trump?
Yo, Cyhi! Been rocking with you since Royal Flush. What's your favorite studio memory?Also, did you really sneak in and record that verse on So Appalled? Did Ye get pissed? What was the mood like when it came on?
In your opinion, who is the best rap story teller (as in complete story in verses)?
Yo my dude... subway, jersey mikes, Quiznos, or jimmy johns?
Thanks for doing this. Can we expect a big tour after your album release?
Huge fan since Royal Flush. Keep Grinding and doing your thing. you will blow one of these days. Whats ur thoughts on the rapper Elzhi?? This dude is incredible
Hey thanks for doing this, been listening since the Royal Flush days! What's your favorite sports reference you've made in a song? I'm a fan of keep a trojan in my pocket, Matt Leinart but you've made a ton of them over the years!  
CyHi you the best!! I've been listening to you for years and a lot of your song content, especially recently seem to reflect the Hebrew Israelite faith, Would you say that is where your beliefs lie? 
CyHi thanks for doing this. I'm curious to know your opinion on Lil Uzi , yachty, famous dex and all of the upcoming young bloods. You fuck with em? Also, what's your favourite strain of kush? 
On their birthdays, I thought I'd ask: How do you feel about Dilla and Nujabes? I love their beats, and love hearing how artists feel about them.
Why Ye got you locked up in the basement man? Also was your FSMH verse something that was supposed to be in the album or just a beat you liked and rode?
If you could make a song with anyone you haven't worked with yet, who would it be?
How'd you feel about the Super Bowl?
This may have been asked already, but who's your favorite producer that you've ever worked with?
Whaddup CyHi, huge fan!! BHP is one of my favorite albums of all time. I gotta ask, what's one thing you're really trying to achieve in the rest of your career? 
Best Kanye story? What's it like working with him?Is he doing okay? ^what ^does ^he ^smell ^like?   
The track is epic! Giving life to this real Hip Hop big bro! Holding it down for you in AL (Hype Inc.) 
Cyhi, how did Kanye react when he first heard the verse you snuck onto so appalled? 
You're credited as a writer for FSMH Pt. 1 and 2. What exactly did you come up with?
hey man!!!do you know why your verse on so appalled was cut down? swear I saw a video of you doing the whole thing in your car...and the song was already long as shit so I can't imagine it would have been that much of a big deal to just keep the whole thing
You still you still be rolling through redan/Lithonia area? Favorite food spot in the ATL? How do you feel about other Dekalb county artists like childish gambino and shameik Moore?
Thanks for doing this, I appreciate all your work so far and think you're super talented.Can you explain your situation with GOOD and why it's taken so long for you to release an official album? And how it felt to kinda be pushed aside for so long?Also, Legend is dope, hyped for the album man 
Your Roaches remix with Mayday and SGP is dopeWho are some rappers who influenced you that you feel are underrated or don't get the shine they deserve?
 What's your favorite meme?
CyHi love your music man. I just have one question. What was the initial reaction everyone mentioned or parodied in Elephant in the Room had to the song?
First and foremost we need them Black Hystori Projects on Spotify! 
What's the title of your album if you are willing to give it away and how would you describe it?
How should we suggest artists we would love to hear you with?
What are the interactions you have with the labels/imprints like?Are they different from each other?
You've worked with some great producers especially since Kanye is executive producing your forthcoming album. What producer that you havnt worked with yet would you want to collab with? 
Who do you want to collab with that you haven't yet
what's the funniest story you have from the mbdtf hawaii recording session?
Is Cruel Winter still happening?
Just thinking it's crazy the Royal Flush 2 guest list included Pusha, 2 chainz, Big Sean...any of those guys going to have a verse on NoDos?
I don't really have a question to ask but I just wanted to say thanks for being so cool at the Saint Pablo Toronto concert and taking a pic with me and my friend, you were chill af
Cyhi why were we lied too about good fridays and when's turbo comming out also when is cruel winter comming out, I have a feeling that's a pipe dream too.
what current sounds have you been inspired by recently, and will any of these be prevalent on your upcoming releases?
Who are your inspirations in rap and also in general?
Hey CyHi! Big fan of what you do, Legend is a very solid track.I wanted to ask: do you have any features planned in the next months?Thanks a lot, much love to good music.
Who is someone you'd like to work with outside of hip-hop?
Legend is a dope ass track man! I can't wait to hear this album that shouldve come out a long time ago. Any new on Cruel Winter, and will you be dropping some fire verses on it?
Who are your biggest musical inspirations outside of hip hop?
Big fan Cyhi, really looking forward to your album. Is there any way of sending you some beats? It'd be an honour to work with you man!
How does it finally feel to be releasing your debut album? It's been a while since I first heard you back in 2010 on My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy. Anything cool we should expect from the album (In terms of features/production/concept)?
Young prynce, with the soul of Napoleon!So fired up for new music from you man. Now for my question - if you had to collab with a rapper that has passed away, who would it be? Thanks! 
What collaboration do you have in the vault that you wish you could share with the world?
What was it like working with Kanye on MBDTF?  I know that A LOT of people were involved in the production.  Must have been quite the experience
Favorite artist to collaborate with? 
Cyhi when you hitting these radio stations & spitting those bars? 
What was your favorite album from 2016 you didn't get a chance to work on?Huge fan since Royal Flush btw. Woopty doo is one of my favorite songs of all time! 
Hey man, huge fan of your work, thanks for doing this!Been bumping The Stoned Mountain Playlist a lot lately, what was it like working on that project and how'd you get in touch with Jonathan Hay?Also loved your verse on Matt Citron's 404, are you working a lot with other up and coming artists from Atlanta that aren't doing the trendy atlanta sound right now? also what are your thoughts on the current atlanta sound?
is MITUS the producer really on G.O.O.D?
Thoughts on frank ocean?
Why didnt GOOD Music ever put out a solo album for you?Also best mixtape for someone like me who's new to your music?
Cyhi whats your favorite hip hop album of all time?Whats your favorite non hip hop album of all time
man Legend is so tight! I know you made Brooklyn Knights label and I'm an artist who'd be a great addition; I'd love for you to checkout something on my sc!
Any chance of another King Los collab?
what did you want to do as a kid?
Hey CyHi, big fan! I was wondering what some of your favorite artists out there right now are? What songs have you listened to today? Excited for your new shit, homie! Godspeed!
How long has this album been in the works?
What's up CyHi, what do you like to listen to outside of rap/r&b/soul?
Are you on cruel winter and is it comming this year
Yo CyHi!!! Much respect fam!! How would you say your writing process differs from other artist?? You seem to be in a league beyond other MCs
Last question man..  if you were stuck on an island, what 3 albums would you bring?
Can we expect Cruel Winter and Turbo (or whatever it's called now) by summer? Also I'm a big fan of yours and have been waiting for an album forever! Your verses on MBDTF are amazing. 
Hey, CyHi! Great ass fan. What is your favorite song from yourself Whose an artist who you'd like to collaborate with it in the future?
Do you like ranch?
I know you are focused on your rap shit, but ever consider doing some acting in the future?
1. Favorite Ye Album?2. What's your favorite verse of yours? Or best verse? 3. I'm having trouble with diction any tips?
What's your favorite non-hip-hop/rap musician?Any favorite video games?
Hey Cy! Huge fan, I have a few questions!What is your process when writing? Do you write them, type them, go by beat first or lyrics first, etc?What do you think your favorite bar you've written was?Any collab hints for the upcoming album?How do you see Trump's presidency effecting Hip-Hop in the coming years?Also, since everyone is asking as well, FSMH Remix soon?Thanks and have a great day!
I'm not familiar with your music. Where would you recommend I begin if I wanted to check you out? 
What's a record you would like to break in Hip Hop? Or just in general?
Where you been?
What should we expect from your upcoming project?
How was your first time meeting Kanye?
Do you ever try your hand at producing?
What's your favorite movie?
What was it like meeting Minister Farrakhan?
Well you be on the cruel winter album a lot??
Long time fan here Cydel Young. I know you cant give all the details but, was your record label holding you back from releasing straight fire to the fans?
Probably too late but Cyhi, you the best out G.O.O.D Music; what is the deal with your projects not receiving the push that your caliber of bars would seem to dictate? Black Hystori Project & BH2 was and is that shit.
I'm a huge fan of yours from Miami. Ever since Royal Flush I've listened to u religiously and have heard all your projects, including features. With all that being said...will you ever drop Hardway Musical?You once said that you've been working on that your whole life and I still hope you drop that some day.Will Hardway Musical ever drop? Will it happen once u establish your own lane and be a lil bit more settled in the game? I know I speak for more than one when I say that it's the most anticipated project in a long time!Keep going in Cyhi u never dissapoint and you've kept growing as an artist. I highly suggest u hop on that Tunnel Vision instrumental from Kodak Black! Maybe once the official instro drops
How did you come up with the concept for Elephant in the Room?
please tell me that Turbo Grafx is still a thing.
Are you on Turbografx 16? Super excited for the album, Legend sounds amazing
Was there even a real life basis behind 'Elephant in the Room?'Is a new GOOD Fridays series ever gonna happen?
This is a great ama
What up Cyhi, do you have an email where little-known, struggle producers can send you beats? Big fan of yours, I remember when Black History Month came out and I was bumpin that daily. Keep doing your thing, and I hope to see your name pop up a little more this year.
How's life?
What's the most respectful way a fan can proceed with if he/she wants a picture or autograph with an artist? Thanks
What is it like working with Kanye?
Been meaning to get into your stuff more man, heard Sideways, parts of Black History Month, and Elephant In The Room. What should I listen to first?
How much of My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy did you write??
I know the AMA is over, but my favorite verse of yours is a feature on Higher by B.o.B. Good shit man. Thanks for dropping in 
CyHi I just wanted to say your verse on Take One For The Team is one of my favourite verses of all time.
Listened to all of this for me on repeat. Your verse was dope. Do you ever hear from XV? What's your favorite feature you have been on?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wqIkpW4FqE4**UPCOMING CANADIAN ARTISTS**
I can't believe I missed this AMA. CyHi is a lyrical leviathan.
daaaaamit how could i miss this AMA
will you ever release a cdq version of your verse for father stretch?
This is the best AMA 
Could you please answer this... I need to prove some friends wrong. Is Big Sean top 5 younger generation of rappers out now? I got him, kdot, and Cole top 3... but I want a real lyricist to comment
All I just wanna say to you is your music is very educational and also inspiring.It comes from a genuine place ,I love the fact that you are a virgo .
Can I send you beats? 
yeah, I will do it in a few weeks
Yep
Kanye
Really blew this one lmao
is the story that you snuck your verse on to So Appalled true
Hey Cyhi huge fan, will you have a tour date in Toronto? 
Would you rather die by death from 1000 cuts or wear Globe shoes?
lol i just know im on whatever one.
Real Friends.
Yup
No because its not really their fault. I was ina bad situation because the masses will get to see it now. I'm in a great situation. I dont blame the audience
Sex
MBDTF was more tedious. He was using his mind more, very Yeezus was more heart and courage.
Wow... hmm... That's a hard one. Kendrick. 
Father Stretch His Mans
MBDTF no bias
Yes lol
What's anime?
Yeah alot
I did! I'm the biggest fan of the Shaka Zula series. it's on Netflix, go watch it!
Yup
Me
Yes Childish Gambino, we collabed before but definitely again.
Kodak Black
idk... Clifford?
Yeah, obviously Kanye & a lot of friends, I want to keep some secrets though... 
Yeah it would, i'm trying to get him on somthing right now
Dear Mama by Tupac
Kanye
Aquemeni, Trap Muzik, TLC, 
There's a lot of issues in the urban community so we still have to get things done regardless of who is in office.
I feel like there's still alot of issues in the urban community and we need to still get things done regardless of who's in office
Really glad you asked this. 
I wasnt in the room when it came on.
I would say Nas
Jimmy Johns
jersey mikes 100
absolutely. About to do some dates with lil wayne first.April 4  Gainesville, Fla.  University of FloridaApril 6  Atlanta, Ga.  Georgia State UniversityApril 7  Morgantown, W.V.  West Virginia UniversityApril 8  Lewisburg, Penn.  Bucknell UniversityApril 9  South Kingston, R.I.  University of Rhode IslandApril 10  Slippery Rock, Penn.  Slippery Rock UniversityApril 12 Boone, N.C.  Appalachian State UniversityApril 13  Champaign, Ill.  University of Illinois
Classic.
You a spin off n****, Barry Sanders lol go check out my new record!
I use Biblical references because we have the same mission
This is a solid question man
King Louie
Dilla is the greatest.
Valerie June!!!!
I'm hurt but you can never bet against Brady!
Primo
To bring peace within the inner cities
Thank you
Apparently he came up with the asshole line
Do you have a link to the video, would love to see this
Little Azios
I'm coming up with a dope idea on that shortly!
Black Hystori Project. One of the best mixtapes I've ever heard.
It's all opinion based. 
FUCK YESSSSSS
Y'all already know I'ma splice his verses into the original FSMH for a beautiful extended megamix
I'm here for this holy FUCK
HOLY SHIT YES YES YES YES
Damn you a liter like four cups
beautiful morning
oh boy
Thank you goddddddd
I can die happy now
HOLY FUCK
YES CYHI YES YES YES YES YES
all praise the GOAT
OH FUCKK
Was just saying I hoped for a CDQ yesterday, thank you!
Yes thank you, your verse was dope and completed the song
yes omg, your verse on sin city is goat btw
Thanks so much! 
Yessssss
Yay
omggggggggggggggggggggg yessssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss
this is the goat ama
For real my man?
Think this was actually the only possible one word answer to both questions.
same
Lmaoooooo
Big if
Link?
#REALty for the answer man
I bet Ignition (Remix) is also on there 
CyHi is a real one confirmed
This is something we never got to hear right?
Well that answers my question
based af
this guy
LMAO
(   )
this is fantastic
Plot twist FSMH pt 1 was a freestyle
Well, that explains why MBDTF is so much better 
Pretty interesting how this really shows through in the overall feel of the albums...MBDTF feels way more like Kanye drew the lines and painted within them, while Yeezus feels more like a Jackson Pollack except he was hucking paint at the canvas instead of dripping it
I feel like you could do this so easily, that would be NICE. 
What about that Thirsty track?
Needs to happen!
That would be a Napoleon remix!
it's objectively the best so u alright famo
I always had faith in you, I'll be sure to buy that new album 
AYYY FUCK ANIME you're officially my #1 rapper on GOOD with that statement 
iconic
GOAT statement
BAKA
> What's anime?picture Amin but less wack
A mistake
bro what 
Lmfaooo
smh
Top 10 anime betrayals 
Fuck this AMA is so good
My nigga
GOT EM
That's tight, I would love to work with a rapper of your caliber, might have to send you something then.
Great to hear that, I first saw it as a kid.  When I heard the sample & the way you flowed over I was blown away, and felt good that some of our art was reaching people outside of Africa.
*click-clack***M16 PRODUCTION**
goat ama
If you listen hard enough you can almost hear the haters crying from a far 
Fuck yes
He's retarded.
Big red GOAT
So you *do* know what anime is!!
LMFAO
I'm shitting
that GOOOOOOOD link up
Hell yeah. Best 2pac song
amazing 
TLC? 
He answered the question twice lmaooo
Only Jay and Beyonce were in the room
ghostface obvi
I can't believe you've done this
amen
I hear that
my man
Awesome! I'll go snag my tix ASAP haha
[deleted]
Yes! I will be there in Champaign. I'm trying to get backstage. What a fucking awesome surprise.
San Francisco please!
If you end up doing Canada too, please make sure to make some stops in the middle of the country. Too many artists only go to the opposite ends of the fucking country lmao
Come to SXSW
succint
now what's ur fav pokemon
This is the right answer also RIP Guru
Please remember this I would love to suggest some artists to you. Maybe you can open up an e-mail for fan collab ideas
CyHi and Black Hippy would be too dope!!
this means no
gonna become the only version of FSMH Pt. 1 I'll play tbh
Praise be god
!RemindMe 3 weeks
lmao isn't the extended version already like 10 minutes?
He's answering like every question it's awesome 
Not the same guy but just had a look on Genius and they have it on [there](https://genius.com/1619355) 
Just because he's not on the song doesn't mean he didn't work on it. 
No it isnt. Not saying it isnt that great, just that Yeezus is as great. 
Hot take man
You know they're working on something for this album and its firreee
Wowwwww I completely forgot that was a thing
If we pretend 808s doesnt exist
No it isn't 
you're trippin
It doesn't get more wack than Amin anyways so that may not be a good measuring stick. 
Well hey, if you ever decide you want to work with a rapper of a near non-existent caliber, I'm your guy.Edit: He actually did it, the mad lad!stay tuned or whatever
Eyy I'm not Cyhi but I'd still like to work with you, could you send me some beats?
Hey that's me
*Big red dawg
Clifford-san notice me
Fam
Ain't to 3pac tho
So amazing
TLC is lit 
[Probably TLC the group](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/TLC_(group)
Dude that's legendary
Only 
Are they available? 
Dude for real and we fuckin' love you down here
Important questions. 
I will be messaging you on [**2017-03-03 01:19:02 UTC**](http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=2017-03-03 01:19:02 UTC To Local Time) to remind you of [**this link.**](https://www.reddit.com/r/hiphopheads/comments/5suurl/cyhi_the_prynce_ama/ddk0s6y)[**CLICK THIS LINK**](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=[https://www.reddit.com/r/hiphopheads/comments/5suurl/cyhi_the_prynce_ama/ddk0s6y]%0A%0ARemindMe!  3 weeks) to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam.^(Parent commenter can ) [^(delete this message to hide from others.)](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Delete Comment&message=Delete! ddk0tpf)_____|[^(FAQs)](http://np.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/24duzp/remindmebot_info/)|[^(Custom)](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=[LINK INSIDE SQUARE BRACKETS else default to FAQs]%0A%0ANOTE: Don't forget to add the time options after the command.%0A%0ARemindMe!)|[^(Your Reminders)](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=List Of Reminders&message=MyReminders!)|[^(Feedback)](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBotWrangler&subject=Feedback)|[^(Code)](https://github.com/SIlver--/remindmebot-reddit)|[^(Browser Extensions)](https://np.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/4kldad/remindmebot_extensions/)|-|-|-|-|-|-|
Probs but the more the merrier for me. I'm excited from the snippet he had posted so if the verses are dope then I'd love to have him on my version of TLOP
And better yet all the answers are the ones we wanted
damn, this is a cool story. I really hope that they make a documentary about the making of Dark Fantasy someday
Doesn't he write for Kanye? 
I think you are wrong, but it is all a matter of opinion.
I'm glad others feel the same way.
lmao no.
Alright alright if we're pretending yeezus doeen't exist, then mbdtf is the best kanye album, next to TLOP.
Nah anime is wack. Can't deal with the constant paedophilic/rape themes
whats wrong with amine?
That's awesome 
You said mad lad so ima downvote your shit
RIP
MODS
Yeah, but what is it? 
hey i'm not complaining! you give me an hour long FSMH and i'll take an hour to listen to it
http://www.complex.com/music/2010/11/kanye-west-project-runaway
Yeah. 
I actually prefer Yeezus to MBDTF
I dont think either are great honestly, downboats to left fambruhs
ur a nutter butter
That's hentai my guy
I just don't like him. He's not a good rapper and his hit song isn't good. Also he says in that song you call me a tall thug, guess I'm a G-raffe. And that line annoys me because I highly doubt anyone has ever said he was anything close to a thug. Don't pretend like you get called thay Amin, you aren't impressing anyone. 
Alright homie 
Snitches r bitches
the learning channel
tender love n care
Good read. Would kill to have been a fly on the wall for these recording sessions
Truu
cool, diffrent strokes!
different people like different shit
Nope, how do you not notice the massive over-sexualisation of extremely young/young looking girls and boys, and the all too common interest in them from adults that are far older or far more mature than them? That is literally just a common theme in anime/Japaneae culture 
oh come on, I'm not even an Amine fan and had not heard of him until Caroline dropped, but it has such a good sound
Ha.
You all are great people 
Thats some brony shit right there, but hey do you
I do get where you're coming from but it all really depends on the type of anime you watch. 
That's the equivalent of saying all rap is about sex, drugs, and violence. You're just covering one sub-category of the subject that is the most well-known.You're looking in the wrong direction if that's all you see.Cowboy Bebop, Steins Gate, Death Note, none of those have sexual themes.
Which anime are you watching?
yeah fuck people that have different opinions than me thats cool af.
I mean yeah obviously but it's quite prevalent 
I didn't mean to imply that at all. Being a brony is weird and different, just like liking Yeezus over MBDTF is weird, but its music and sexuality so you do you. 
It'd be nice to reward the author who took the time to answer the sub's questions in an AMA.  I vote for *Original Gangstas*
Lmao it didn't even cross my mind that this would be for actual rap-lit and expected to see you guys planning to read The Bell Jar or something
Tao of Wu cause I own itOther suggestions are One Day It'll All Make Sense by Common and Mo' Meta Blues by ?uestlove
Ill just make a list of some hip hop books ive read and enjoyed for those interested:[Tupac Shakur: The Life and Times of an American Icon](https://www.amazon.com/Tupac-Shakur-Life-Times-American/dp/1568583877) [Ed Piskor's Hip Hop Family Tree Vol. 1](https://www.amazon.ca/Hip-Hop-Family-Tree-Piskor/dp/1606996908), [Vol 2 ](https://www.amazon.ca/gp/aw/d/1606997564/ref=pd_aw_sim_14_1?ie=UTF8&psc=1&refRID=53T97H8BCTPY9MBHSAS5), and [Vol 3 ](https://www.amazon.ca/gp/aw/d/160699848X/ref=pd_aw_sim_14_3?ie=UTF8&psc=1&refRID=53T97H8BCTPY9MBHSAS5) [Jay Z's Decoded](https://www.amazon.ca/gp/aw/d/1400068924/ref=mp_s_a_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1486605347&sr=8-1&pi=AC_SX236_SY340_QL65&keywords=Jay+z+decoded&dpPl=1&dpID=51VlQJPVFDL&ref=plSrch) [2Pac Vs Biggie](https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/21137951-2pac-vs-biggie) [Born To Use Mics: Reading Nas's Illmatic](https://www.amazon.ca/Born-Use-Mics-Reading-Illmatic/dp/0465002110) [Eminem's The Way I Am](https://www.amazon.ca/Way-I-Am-Eminem/dp/0452296129) [The Legends of Hip Hop](https://www.amazon.ca/Legends-Hip-Hop-Justin-Bua/dp/0061854972) [Prodigy's My Infamous Life](https://www.amazon.com/My-Infamous-Life-Autobiography-Prodigy/dp/1439103186) 
Hopefully everyone does get to can't stop won't stop at some point because it does a really good job of describing the cultural context around the beginning of rap music
Definitely read The Rap Year Book by Shea Serrano, probably funniest book I've ever read. Also really informative 
Saul Williams's The Dead Emcee ScrollsPoetry that is a meditation on rap culture and history by one of the greats of our time. 
The Big Payback is a great hip hop book. It deals with the business side of hip hop. Haven't finished it yet but it's a great read so far. 
Love this idea, is there a cheaper way of taking part? Website etc? I fear I won't be able to fork out cash for a new book each month but I'd still love to be a part of this
48 laws of power. Most stolen book in prison libraries. 
I haven't read it, but *Signifying Rappers* by David Foster Wallace sounds pretty good.
Pimp by Iceberg Slim
ta-nehisi coates' between the world and me 
Diary of a Madman by scarface is good, i'm totally down for this
TAO OF WU. If it wasn't for this book I could never catch the all around mathemathics refrences in rap. Also like how RZA explains how clothing is your souls unconcious way of representing itself to the outside world. 
Cant stop its great as tao of wu.Diary of a madman is also great.The keys by khaled is a snapchat book but its inspiring.The way i am by eminem is cool for pics.From pieces to weight by 50 is also cool.The murder of biggie smalls also dope.
Has anyone read that novel that Styles P wrote a few years back? I heard it was surprisingly decent, especially for a novel that was allegedly written on a Blackberry lol. 
And it don't stop is an anthology of hip hop related journalism.  The articles go back about 25 years.  Some of these are must reads.Page(s) of contents here: https://books.google.com/books?id=Y2lCpuFK9S8C&q=contents#v=snippet&q=contents&f=falseAmazon Page here: https://www.amazon.com/Dont-Stop-American-Hip-Hop-Journalism/dp/0571211593
The Rose that Grew from Concrete...that has to be first
My infamous life by prodigy is a good read
This is a great idea. I'm on a crazy reading kick lately and having a place for discussion will definitely give me more incentive to pick up some hip-hop related material. Excited for whatever book we start with! 
Wanna suggest that Julia Beverlys book Sweet Jones: Pimp C's Trill Life story  is really good and interesting and could be fun to discuss
The Rap Anthology.
 Sentences: The Life of M.F. Grimm should be a candidate imo cause its pretty good.
Fully endorse the homie Shea.For future nominations my two favorite hip hop books I've read are:[Mo' Meta Blues: The World According to Questlove](https://www.amazon.com/Mo-Meta-Blues-According-Questlove/dp/1455501352)and[Born To Use Mics](https://www.amazon.com/Born-Use-Mics-Reading-Illmatic/dp/0465002110/ref=sr_1_1?s=books&ie=UTF8&qid=1486668593&sr=1-1&keywords=born+to+use+mics)
Pretty interested to see how this goes. I'm not a big reader even though I always have intentions to start and tons of interesting books on a list. Hopefully this helps get me going. Also, a long time ago I read the DMX autobiography and thought it was pretty well done and interesting. Figure you might want to add it to the voting list at some point: [E.A.R.L.: The Autobiography of DMX](https://www.amazon.com/R-L-Autobiography-DMX/dp/0060934034)
the rap yearbook is dope but it is not really a real book y'all, lets at least start with a good full text
Jay Z's Decoded is a classic
mo' meta blues by Questlove is a really fantastic read
Not totally related, but in No More Interviews Big Sean mentions recommending books to his ex. Anybody ever hear him talk about that elsewhere? It would be cool to  I think it would be interesting seeing what books big Sean recommends. (Or other rappers for that matter) 
Not so much Hip Hop, but the music industry in general.. How Music Got Free by Stephen Witt.Deals with the creation and battle of the MP2/MP3 which is fascinating, major record label politics, and the original smuggling (leaking) and distribution of music illegally.  A personal favorite and an easy read.  
I can recommend: The Dirty Version: On Stage, in the Studio, and in the Streets with Ol' Dirty Bastard
We should also consider Jay-Z's Decoded.  A great book about the life and times of S. Carter, the beginings of rap, some great stories, and a lot lot more!
This is a really great idea and super exciting as both a English major and rap fanatic. I'm reading Junot Diaz rn and I feel like people in this sub will really resonate with his style plus he primarily writes short stories so it's not too big of a hassle to just read one before a thread pops up. This is How You Lose Her is really good and he got a Pulitzer for The Brief and Wondrous Life of Oscar Wao i think. If we wanna get serious then I would recommend Beloved by Toni Morrison or Song of Solomon which are both masterpieces but both require a little bit more effort. 
Jeff *Chang* confirmed migos hater
Dj Khaled - Major Key
Voted for Can't Stop, Won't Stop cos I got it for xmas like three years ago and haven't read it yet.
Can we read Little Women? 
I'm on the last draft of trap literature, would you guys be interested in the read when it's out next week? Also, I would recommend fear and loathing, the sun also rises or hard boiled wonderland and the end the world. 
kinda weird that Adam22 decided to do the same thing yesterday as well...
A Million Little Pieces is a great read about struggle and addiction.The Fountainhead is a great read detailing objectivism and about doing what you want and not giving a fuck about what others think.Harry Potter is just a great read.I feel like hip-hop is seeing a growing amount of Japanese or more broadly eastern influences, so maybe some would be, I know I would be, interested in some Japanese or eastern literature. (speaking of, The Art of War is a great one that I highly recommend)
[removed]
Shea Serrano also did an AMA following the release of TRYB
I just had some free time over the weekend after not having any for quite a while and I decided I would check this out and see if I wanted to read it, ended up demolishing it in an afternoon, shit is fantastic.     
I need to finish this... I vote for this, too.
Currently reading this now, about 200 pages in. Great read so far. Really enjoyed the pre-NWA bits, as that was probably what I was least familiar with. Favorite discovery so far is the book talking about Dre's pre-NWA mix tapes, like Dr Dre in the Mix 86, which I was delighted to actually find on YouTube. Really cool blast from the past mix. 
I second this. 
That's the one I chose.
don't sleep on the bell jar bro 
Lmao just started reading that
>Tao of Wu cause I own itsamemight compel me to finally finish it
I really loved the Tao of Wu because it is basically RZA being blunt about his upbringing, Wu's beginnings, his faith, and his honest perspective about where Wu-Tang Clan is now. I recommend it.
Seconding Mo Meta Blues. I already loved Questlove but it made me appreciate him so much more
I own The Wu Manual but have not bothered with the Tao yet. Have you read the Wu Manual? How does Tao compare to that?
I loved it too. Chang's newest release is a great read as well.
I agree, i have this book and have a long flight soon. Hope to finish it on my way to Bangkok 
Just finished this after being gifted it for Christmas and it's a really nice casual read. I'd second this recommendation 
Sidenote: A lot of this turned into lyrics on The Inevitable Rise and Liberation of Niggy Tardust! with Trent Reznor
Had no idea about this. Nice.
lots of good info in this one, even for knowledgeable hip hop fans 
Im about 1/4th of the way in. Its more of a history book than anything. Even if youre not interested in the business stuff, its an *extremely* detailed history, especially of the beginning of hip hop. 
The Big Payback is great, like u/cassius_claymore already said, its definitely more of a history book with a focus on business. Anyone interested in the history of hip-hop and its evolution will find it interesting. It's a fantastic read.
get a library card
It's pretty easy to download books online illegally, if you're ok with that.
For the time being it will just be books. eBay is a good friend when looking for cheap books, but sometimes unfortunately they can get expensive.I will bear price in mind when picking the polls for the month :)
Very interesting read if you're into that kind of stuff. Very much reads like a textbook though so if that's not your style it might be a bit slow to trudge through. In my opinion it's more fascinating from a philosophical standpoint rather than a self-help book of absolutes as I think many people believe it. It's been a while for me and I completely forgot about it though, so I'll probably be picking it up again thanks to your reminder. Props
or The 50th Law (50 Cent) if you want to get directly hip hop related 
> Signifying RappersHere's a review that shits on the book royally:http://www.robertchristgau.com/xg/bkrev/rbsignif-90.phpHere's a book review of it from Spin: http://www.spin.com/2012/09/david-foster-wallace-once-wrote-a-very-strange-rap-book/The book review itself is worth reading.  It even links to the aforementioned review as why Wallace doesn't talk about this one much.  I am a bit of a Wallace's non-fiction.  His short pieces are almost always great.  His book length pieces range from okay-to-good.  
This is the book that invented rap
Slim is so integral to the genre this is a great choice
Awesome book
That sounds awesome. Although maybe would be nice if it was bought up to date a bit. Added to the list for the future :)
I've been meaning to read that but I keep forgetting. Heard good things.
That's a weird one, it's basically just khaleds usual drivel but without his charisma. Strangely compelling though, but maybe just because it's so uplifting and accessible.
Oh my god yes,
I think it's just hip hop related books.
no u
> What's a good sports analogy for Kendrick Lamar vs J Cole?.> that time that michael jordan played basketball with elmer fudd in space jam.One of us.
Here or on r/music?
Yeah, I liked it a lot, too, though I'm biased because I helped Ben with it a little bit.  Unfortunately, I have a feeling it'll be Shea Serrano's book.
Not much of a reader these days outside of non-fiction stuff relating to finance/economics, but looking to change that in a big way this year.Can I get the low down on the bell jar?
yeah me too I haven't even opened that since i bought it 
It just reads really nice too. Like RZA is talking to you face to face 
I have not but if people like Tao we could read the Manual afterwards
The Tao of Wu is more about RZAs upbringing and personal philosophy as well as life story. The Wu Manual has some of that but is a description about everything there is to know about Wu.
[All I can ever think of when I hear library card](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zLUWSZzqcjs)
Is that actually any good?
Okay I was just offering some books that could be tangentially related to hip-hop and themes found in hip-hop, or books that could likely inspire hip-hop artists. Personally I think that would be more interesting than books explicitly about hip-hop, but hey, to each his own
Anybody got the latest edition? It bugs me not to know what's the best rap song of 2016
holy shit i fell out of my chair
here https://www.reddit.com/r/hiphopheads/comments/3r8ii3/hi_im_shea_serrano_i_wrote_a_book_about_rap_that/
This is just the vote for the first round, I'd be surprised if we didn't get to it at some point.  I've gotta say I also really like Rap Year Book too so I can't complain.
What parts did you help out with? I'm a few pages in and loving itAlso how and where did he get all this information?
a classic by Sylvia Plath but incredibly bleak. it's about a high achieving recent grad who succumbs to pretty severe mental illness and depression after realizing she doesn't know what to do with her life after school. 
It's a well-known classic. Sylvia Plath I'm 99% sure
tf bruh? read that shit it might change your perspective on life
Yeah, it felt like RZA was writing for people that truly did not have prior engagements with Islam or little knowledge of Wu-Tang. He's very straightforward.
Have not read either tbh I was just trying to give relevant info 
Not sure what The 50th Law is even about, but I read 50s bio a while back. He had a writer assist him (Im guessing 50 told him the story and he turned it into book), so it turned out pretty well. I wonder if this book is the same, where 50 isn't the one doing the writing. 
That's cool, but how do themes in Harry Potter relate to Hip Hop?
There aren't multiple but I would guess that for 2016 it's Panda for further popularizing trap or No Problem for solidifying that somebody could get successful off of streaming.
Dope, thanks.  I remember it now that you mention it.  Also, a good book.
I'm hopeful but admittedly skeptical about this generating enough interest to get through to it.  We'll see.
He's been a music journalist for some time and has done a lot of interviews / research.  I helped him out with stuff about Tupac / Death Row Records and am named in the acknowledgements section.
Me too thanks
I feel you bruh i've been meaning too, just mad busy with school and I got a long list of books to get through 
Fair enough. Seen it in a few bookshops and not sure whether its to be taken seriously or not.
Overcoming adversity, fighting the power, strength in youth, honestly there's plenty but HP isn't much of a book club series anyways since most people have already read it idk why I offered that one
I think he's said on twitter that it would be a song off of Coloring Book, but I don't think it was No Problem. I think it might've been All We Got
yo well if you ever find hella downtime id decide to just read it then and there. its a hella good read
Oh yeah true.
Really? But All we Got was just weaker Ultralight Beam.
Will do man, thanks. I really just bought it because of RZA I had no idea if it was actually good or not, I look forward to it
I was thinking Black Beatles, that song was everywhere and really got pushed by memes
>1989 GETTING ALBUM OF THE YEAR OVER TO PIMP A BUTTERFLY. HANDS DOWN ONE OF THE MOST 'FAULTY TV MOMENTS IVE SEEN.frank speaks for us
I'm glad to see him mention the Taylor Swift win over Kendrick, that really was ridiculous. Honestly though, I don't think anybody was expecting different even though it would have been nice to watch it happen. Also, [link to the actual post from Frank Ocean on his tumblr](http://frankocean.tumblr.com/post/157125310721/ok-ken-and-david-as-much-as-i-hate-to-make-you#_=_)
Can't wait to how or if Taylor responds lolI would very much like to be excluded from this narrative, one that I have never asked to be a part of, since 2016.  
Holy shit, I'm never seen the guy so ramped up.He's 100% right though, and honestly the Grammys would need Frank more than Frank needs the Grammys. He had one of the best selling albums of 2016 and I'm sure they would've wanted him to be there.Ultimately, it's his decision to be there, and if he's happier not performing or attending or winning an award, then good for him. Grammys are a joke.
Damn good too see frank speaking out like this, also dope he shouts out Kendrick.
Holy shit. Frank went off and i love it.
This is honestly kind of strange to see considering how quiet and private Frank usually is. He must have really been pissed off.
great shit from frank>I AM YOUNG, BLACK, GIFTED AND INDEPENDENT.. THATS MY TRIBUTE.get em
Really hope this is the start of the Grammys dying, it's a popularity contest.  The fact that DJ Khaled and Drake are nominated for rap album of the year is really telling.  Glad he is bringing up 1989 winning AOTY too, I get that they aren't gonna choose something expiremental or anything but things like Carrie & Lowell, TPAB, Emotion, Currents, Tetsuo and Youth, Summertime 06, I Love You Honeybear, etc. are all easy on the ears, pretty mainstream, and are much better than 1989.  You don't have to be huge into music to [see](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Grammy_Award_for_Album_of_the_Year) that they shouldn't be held highly as an award show.
I'm dying this almost reads like a copypasta
His tumblr post is in response to this article: https://www.reddit.com/r/hiphopheads/comments/5tgfzf/grammy_producer_says_he_advised_frank_ocean/Original source at frankocean.tumblr.com
I gotta get USE THE OLD GRAMOPHONE TO ACTUALLY LISTEN BRO, IM ONE OF THE BEST ALIVE. tattooed somewhere prominent.  That's words to live by.
Got damn Frank just going in on them 
Kinda obvious that Grammys just picks the more popular album. Like honestly, Views and Major key nominated for best rap album and best album of the year (views), Kendrick robbed by Taylor Swift, Kendrick getting robbed by Macklemore. It just boils down to the most mainstream album.
i'm so used to frank being so calm and eloquently spoken. he's on his kanye now. please start rapping.
[Taylor's Response](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=upPXpYMnC48)
was the last thread removed?
Good, we need more of this until the Grammys are completely irrelevant. There are better & more credible music awards for those who really care about music.
Frank pissed off pubically is fucking amazing.
BOTH NUTS WEIGH TWO POUNDS
Weird to hear frank speak out more than one time a year. Much respect to him for this tho
good. the grammys aint even worth the time of day anymore. it feels so predictable who's gonna win, and then when you have a real artist with across the board acclaim, they pull some bullshit and Taylor Swift wins (still mad about that). very good that he's directly putting out there how there are better measures of artistic success than some stupid hollywood bullshit for musicians.
i shit myself from laughter reading this. fuck taylor swift and fuck the grammys. glad frank came out with this
>IM ONE OF THE BEST ALIVE. AND IF YOURE UP FOR A DISCUSSION ABOUT THE CULTURAL BIAS AND GENERAL NERVE DAMAGE THE SHOW YOU PRODUCE SUFFERS FROM THEN IM ALL FOR IT. HAVE A GOOD NIGHT.Goddam Frank's going full Kanye I love it
This reads like an old Kanye blog post, all caps and everything 
Frank keeps doing stuff on and off the mic that makes me like him more and more as time passes. (That part about people watching clips from the show on Youtube next day is so accurate haha.)
I fully support frank in his endeavors. The Grammies have been wayyy to backwards, and Chance had to sell himself out for a year get the streaming qualified. Kendrick deserved that AOTY also, which i think is another major issue w the Acadamy
YOU THINK I GIVE A DAMN ABOUT A GRAMMY??
This is some over 9000 copynpasta
YOU KNOW WHATS REALLY NOT 'GREAT TV GUYS? 1989 GETTING ALBUM OF THE YEAR OVER TO PIMP A BUTTERFLY. HANDS DOWN ONE OF THE MOST 'FAULTY TV MOMENTS IVE SEEN.fucking savage 
Frank continues to make us all proud of him and his career 
never seen frank go after people so overtly, this is great
Frank Ocean citing Kendrick as a reason the Grammy's fucking suck is one of the best things I've ever seen. 
THAT'S MY BOY
I agree with literally everything, but I still don't like it when an artist acts above other musicians. It's all art, and it's subjective. As long as you and your fans know you're a goat, why do you need an award, especially if you yourself don't think the award means anything. It comes off as salty and pretentious.Like I said tho, fuck the Grammys
Frank out here speaking for the people
yall love to whine about the grammys but then tune in every year and bitch about the winners
frank ocean militia on standby
It's good to hear from frank. He really went in on them lol. The man is talented and deserves respect. If Frank Ocean put out a trap album it would be the hardest shit of the year. 
i agree with Frank, 1989 winning over TPAB is absurd
He's so on point about a ton of people wanting to watch certain performances on YouTube the next day rather than watch the whole show. I could give a fuck who wins any of the awards and James Corden doesn't exactly make it must see TV unless he's got Michelle Obama rapping Get Ur Freak On with Missy in the whip but I am interested to see what The Weeknd and Daft Punk and especially Tribe, Paak and Foo Fighters are gonna do.Edit: And Chance. And Lady Gaga with Metallica out of pure curiosity.
Lmfao this is really salty and kind of petty but brilliant. You can't disagree with anything here and that whole attitude really confirms my Frank Ocean KD comparison man, they look very similar and are equally interesting and yet mysterious personas IMO
this shit is ice cold
people are complaining that the grammy's are a popularity contest, but what the fuck else would it be? what legitimately makes TPAB more deserving? there are so many albums and artists out there putting out quality music that could be argued for being better and they don't even sniff these awards. so why exactly are people up in arms over TPAB not winning? oh right, because it's one of the most POPULAR albums among the people on this sub and in the hip hop community. a bit hypocritical imo.
I'm horny as FUCK
Watching the YouTube highlights the day after was perfect to say, and you know they know that. Just pointing it out so frankly was just the cherry on top for me. 
That ether.
goddamn frank I fuckin see you boi
Roasted fam
frank ocean will forever stay woke 
can you link the source to this? Otherwise it's probably going to get deleted.
Does this make Frank Ocean the New Kanye? 
>1989 GETTING ALBUM OF THE YEAR OVER TO PIMP A BUTTERFLY. HANDS DOWN ONE OF THE MOST 'FAULTY TV MOMENTS IVE SEEN. Oh now people are starting realise this bullshit?In 2014 I remember when I told my friends that macklemores album was probably going to win over good kid maad city and they all looked at me like I was crazy. The thing is, I had been following the Grammy's (stopped watching in 2013) and realised the Grammy awards doesn't represent the who makes the best music, it's just a popularity contest/what some out of touch old guy thinks was the best of the year. I don't know about the the 1900s but since I started watching in the 2000s the winners especially in the album of the year category have just been absurd. I actually forgot it was tomorrow. I'm just going to watch the performances later on YouTube or wherever.
Damn I had no idea Frank bought his masters back from Def Jam. Much respect.
> YEA YEA MY 2013 PERFORMANCE AT THE GRAMMYS WAS ABSOLUTE SHIT. TECHNICAL DIFFICULTIES, BLAH BLAH. THANKS FOR THE REMINDER. VERY MUCH APPRECIATED. FUCK THAT PERFORMANCE THOUGH.That's where I first fell in love with Frank. :(
> 1989 GETTING ALBUM OF THE YEAR OVER TO PIMP A BUTTERFLY. HANDS DOWN ONE OF THE MOST 'FAULTY TV MOMENTS IVE SEEN. SAY.THAT.SHIT.ONE.^MORE^TIME.
OP made the entire rant in all-caps even though it's lowercase on his tumblr lmao it makes him sound so angry
This is going to be a goldmine for copypasta. Calling it now.Thank you, Frank. (He's right.)
I stopped reading about a sentence in. Chill with the capslocks.
Hilt shit frank speaks for the people
It's like when Milk won the Oscar over The Wrestler.
God damn I love Frank so much.
Talk that talk frank
w e w l a d  hooo-leee shitThat was incredible.
Daily reminder that taylor swift voted for trump. She grew up rich and did country music.
my man
>YEA YEA MY 2013 PERFORMANCE AT THE GRAMMYS WAS ABSOLUTE SHIT. Damn I thought it was good lol
Excuse me. I don't mean to impose, but I am the Ocean. - Bobby
I've never seen Frank lose his cool like this before. Sounds like something Kanye would say actually.
Looks like Frank has been hanging out with Kanye lately 
Frank is going at about 1/4 Kanye right now. I'm looking forward to whatever is next.
Blonde went plat!?
#troof
Listen to the youth 
I see no lies.
#100% TRUTH
Sue me but 1989 was a pop masterpiece and deserved to win. 
frank ocean is a total bitch
I'm one of the best aliveKinda makes you lose credibility tho
Frank is my daddy
Frank came off like a straight tool. He's got a point about the Grammys, but most of this was just straight up ego. 
[deleted]
macklemore's album was called 1989?
1989 so good though 
Yeah. The real deal is that Frank is an untalented hack. His latest music is garbage. A high school kid in his basement with a mic and garage band could put together his last album, or album long song.At the same time though, fuck the grammys. Music awards shows today are trash popularity contests. If you buy off the 5 companies that own over 90% of radio, congratulations! You win!
Frank Ocean & The Lorax collab when???
UGH I AM STILL NOT OVER MBDTF NOT WINNING ALBUM OF THE YEAR AAAAH
Daily reminder that *The Heist* beat *good kid m.A.A.d city* for AOTY in 2012
Kiiind of off topic but I never understood the hype around TPAB until I listened to Complexion and u last week. God tier
not necessarily. had a guy arguing with me on here the other week that 1989 had a legitimate case for aoty over TPAB :/
I went on such a twitter rant when this happened lol I'm glad frank agrees 
I no longer discredit them. They put this shit show on for the masses and usual the actual money to fund the arts. 
Maybe for you and I, but I remember being argued with on this very sub about how wonderful 1989 is and I was flamed for saying that 1989 is derivative pop bullshit masquerading as something deeper.
Lol why would TPAB win over 1989? You guys understand it's a popularity contest, right?
Everyone needs to be salty over 1989 winning. 
God that font is beautiful
I've been compiling these lists of some of the most popular albums in any genre of every year, using critic lists as well as user charts on RYM and Best Ever Albums. TPAB was far and away the #1 album of 2015, and 1989 isn't even top 20. I still bump 1989 though
I actually preferred 1989 to TPAB.
sssss ssss-Taylor Swift
worst thing is this shit just probably going to get her more exposure, she can once again play the victim
I doubt she cares, this is way more about the Grammy's themselves than her, it'd make no sense for her to comment.
She will probably make it into some women's struggle issue. Not that I don't support that. But coming from her is incredibly disingenuous considering her fathers wealth / buying into the record label and how that helped her.  
> Grammys are a joke.Exactly. But if The Heist winning over GKMC didn't ruin them then nothing ever will.
>I've never seen the guy so ramped up.Which is why his words carry that much more weight compared to everyone else's. I'm glad he shouted out Kendrick and TPAB. Also, I hope big artists follow him and stop attending these shows.
[deleted]
Both Blonde and Endless are more deserving of being in the best album category than Bieber or Drake. The Grammys, like any award show, is more about how well people campaign for awards behind the scenes than actual serious comparisons between art.
You just know there's a bunch of idiots that are deleting his music off their libraries because of that lol.   Oh no, another black man bullying Taylor!
Updated Versace verse:> You [keep your Grammys], I'm takin [my masters], your [awards show] is sloppy
Lmao Frank told them to USE THE OLD GRAMOPHONE TO ACTUALLY LISTEN BRO I'm fuckin dying. 
I probably would be too if someone was talking shit about me, particularly about their shitty TV program calling my performance on it, that they invited me to, shitty. It is nice to see, though.
Lol maybe he was drunk and removed his filter.
It's like Lebron shitting on his haters last week 
s/o Aretha Franklin tho
Reminded me of R Kelly from I'm a flirt. I'm black, handsome, I sing, plus I'm rich.
young, black, gifted but he still in america.
Khaled isn't nominated for AOTY, just rap AOTY.
[removed]
It still bothers me that Lupe got jack shit for T&Y
You lost me at summertime 06 better than 1989
Challenge accepted.
Sounds like something Kanye would say tbh
> Kinda obvious that Grammys just picks the more popular album.Beck beat Beyonc
[mitsubishi sony tho] (https://soundcloud.com/user-265981527/mitsubishi-sony-remastered)
Go Futura Free x 1000 on these people frank 
Like Kanye said 'I'm on my Trump shit now', Frank's on his Ye shit now
that is snek
This rant is too good to delete, be easy mods
I think that should just be this subs slogan at this point.
Could you tell me some awards like that? I only know mainstream awardshows...
I love that you meant publicly but his dick is probably pissed off too
I'M GON LET MY NUTS HANG 
It's just February too, Frank getting social af
GrammyProducersWearCoolPants
Man I miss that blog
switch up some names here and there and this shit will be all over /r/globaloffensive and hltv in no time
It's disgusting is what it is 
Maybe it's because TPAB has more of an impact on real world issues than a pop album? It's because 1989 is just generic pop hits, there is no story or concept. If you hear TPAB there's a concept, it spans time with influences from G-Funk, as well as has a story. THIS IS WHY IT DESERVED TO WIN NOT JUST OVER SALES
Need help wit dat;) 
He's missing talent, artistic capability, creativity, catchy hooks, sensical songs, defined tracks, and much more. So in short, don't insult Kanye like that.
On desktop his tumblr post reads in all caps
Fuck Taylor swift too
Actually she didn't, it's a myth, look it up. Kanye does support trump though so i don't see your point. Also, what's bad about growing up rich? Doesn't everyone want to have wealth? Country music, I don't like but obv a lot of people did since she became popular
If someone has put in the work and got the numbers to say so, it doesn't make them lose credibility
Especially when your last album was a garbage pit. One really long, non sensical song broken up randomly into an album.
Did he say anything that wasn't true?
Love Frank but yeah this was like Kanye level bragging. Oh well
../s?
Don't take the bait here please. 
0/10 sage in all fields
[That thing was too big to be called bait.](http://i3.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/facebook/000/699/483/bf9.jpg)
Why are you putting music and album in quotations tho  like bro I get it if you don't like it but putting those words in quotes make you look ridiculous and hard to take serious
You're a fucking idiot. 
I am Frank Ocean, and I speak for the people who understand quality music! 
I am Frank Ocean and I speak for the Gs
I am Frank Ocean and I speak for the woke!I speak for those for who no one spoke!
Best hip hop album of the decade and deft top 10 of the decade overall.
Wasn't even nominated smh
Imagine how Kanye felt. He faced intense scrutiny over the Taylor incident and focused all that energy into creating this album only for the Grammys to totally just ignore it in the major categories. Well atleast he won in the black people categories. Fuck the Grammys. 
1989 over TPAB is the bigger upset imo. Still fucking infuriating, but TPAB is the best, most relevant, and important album to come out in the past 10 years (at least) and it lost to Shake it Off and Other Radio Hits by Taylor Swift
As cringe as Macklemore's apology post to Kendrick was at least he show's sincerity on agreeing GKMC should have taken the award plus acknowledges the fact black hip-hop artists have been taking huge snubs for years.GKMC should have still beaten Heist but at least Heist had tracks that covered other various, sensitive topics. Putting Thrift Shop aside.
Didn't GKMC come out in 2013 tho
Best Rap Album, not AOTY. Still one hell of a fluke tho
the album clicked right away for me on first listen, didnt know what i was going into but i loved it
You aint gotta lie to kick it fam, TPAB is in your top 5 of all time. No but seriously. The album missed me big time my first two or three listens.  Grew on me very quickly after that.
Idk I still prefer GKMC personally
The transition from Complexion into Blacker the Berry is so good. I had heard BTB beforehand as a single, and when I listened to the album I didn't really look at the tracklist, so when the distorted Kendrick part came in at the end of Complexion I was wondering what was next, and as that part went on (I don't see Compton, I see something much worse, the land of the land mines, the hell that's on Earth) I started being like wait, is it that? Would he put it right after Complexion? No way and then the instrumental kicked in and it blew my fucking mind.
What did you like in particular? What exactly about those songs hit you?
In terms of the Grammys(popularity) it was. Why doesn't anyone understand that? The Grammys don't give awards based on groundbreaking albumsEDIT: DAE BECK OVER BEYONCE . You guys realize that's one of literally hundreds Right? It's an exception, not the norm
Issa opinion 
It does tho, because way more people across the world enjoy 1989. Regardless of why, that would technically make it the better album if you base the quality of music strictly by enjoyment.
Obligatory comment about how beck beat beyonce
like when beck won over beyonce? 
1989 is a great pop record, but damn tpab is way up there
Who cares? Like why does it matter so much, Kendrick is still successful and he's obviously inspired millions of fans around the world so why does a fucking award matter? The music and its message matters..nothing else really. Just seems like a petty thing to be salty about in the grande scheme of things. 
I still feel 1989 should have won and if it didn't its basically a message that pop has no place at the grammy's.
mmm you're right
get.the.fuck.out.
Mods. Pls
Since everyone is reacting negatively, would you like a chance to explain why?
I for one actually agree with you, but we're in HHH so people aren't gonna like that opinion. 
~~wkndbot ban~~HHH mods ban 
Guys stop downvoting this guy for his opinion, not what that button is for
>-Taylor SssssssssswiftFTFY
http://i0.kym-cdn.com/entries/icons/original/000/020/924/ss_(2016-07-20_at_04.27.30).jpg
Black thug rapper 'Frank Ocean' harrasses Taylor Swift online, more at 6 on Fox News
Not really. Nothing is going to ever compare to Kanye interrupting her on stage. 
How is Tay gonna argue that 1989 touched more lives, broke more barriers and spoke to more listeners than TPAB though? She has no real basis for an argument...
[deleted]
1989 over TPAB was a way higher profile snub.
black artists sweeping every category might do it 
That was a horrible moment for music. Still mad about that one.
Dude, Jethro Tull beat Metallica in the first heavy metal grammy in 89. Always been a joke.
Also he speaks out very little, so when he does it's a big deal
he doesn't need the validation of grammys for his artistry, which is ultimately the thing he cares about the most. 
What potential fans is he failing to gain from not performing? If you are ever going to like Frank Ocean, you've already heard him before. ffs he was a member of OF to start with, then gained popularity and sold a million with no label. Who out there hasn't heard of him, that would be remotely interested in him? These old white people aren't sitting around waiting to hear the performances just to see what all the hype is about. Come on, he's not losing any exposure here that's going to materialize into anything. Anything significant at least.
TAYLOR WIN GRAMMYS, IM STILL A GAY MAN, BUT SHE GIVE ME SLOPPY TOPPY
Looks like i got new insta bio
Which brings us to why the fuck is it nominated for rap AOTY? The Grammys are turning into the billboard music awards.. 
Yeah, left out a word there my bad.
You're about to get slapped with a ban if you don't extinguish that fire.
coincidentally enough today marks the one year anniversary of TLOP. #wizwearscoolpants
There are outliers in most data
That's just them trying to calm people down every few years, along with arcade fire over Justin beiber. But they've fucked up way more than they've actually given the better artist the award
AFRICANO AMERICANO NUTS
Coming out of his shell
I are think that.
I agree with this, BUT sometimes people here think their opinions are valued more than the average person. 
imagine being this delusional
Whew son. Almost missed me with that edge. Even Kanye likes Frank Ocean
Yeah what bullshit album and music/s
Why you putting laughing face emojis in your text. Like putting emojis in your text makes it hard to take you serious.This sub is 12 year olds pretending to be black, and pretending to know music. Frank is some shit. He sucked live at the grammys because he sucks, not because of a technical issue. He sucks, his music sucks. But keep supporting a shit artist, its yalls money.
This man isn't Frank Ocean, he's just a phoney
For both decades. 
[deleted]
Mbdtf was not better than The Eminem Show AND The Marshall Mathers LP.. or the blue print. And that's just off the top of my head. Lol it was good though
TPABF was not event just culturally more relevant, the composition and writing are beyond anything in 1989.  1989 is a fun good album, but its not a great album. Kendrick Lamars last 2 albums are exceptional and should be preserved in a vault.  When I show the next generation greatness from my era, those 2 albums will be at the very top.
WHEN I WAS 10 I THOUGHT I WAS GAY 
Neon cathedral is my shit, I was also a huge fan of can't hold us 
No, 
It took a couple listens to really start to grow on me. I think I was really expecting something closer to GKMC. Once it grew on me, though, I listened to it nonstop for a while. Definitely one of my favorites now.
Same. It sounded super different at first but I loved literally every song
Me too. I wasn't sure about the funk influences as I find it's hit and miss in this era of rap. I actually liked the singles MUCH, MUCH more after I'd seen the videos for them, and I wasn't a huge fan of the tracks on first listen.
I always will too. But mainly due to nostalgia and production. Smoking to money trees always takes me back. 
Then how come Beck won? This is the problem, there's a clear lack of coherence in the academy's judging process. Every year they change the definition of an AOTY to fit what they actually chose.
You realize that the grammy is given to the best *WHITE* artist right?
what ethniK said. how do we determine 'grammy popularity'? its a lucky dip at this point, usually in favour of any given caucasian 
do we have any way of measuring this 'mass enjoyment' quantity? the answer is obviously no. so what you're essentially saying is that popularity = greatness, and i can't agree with that either. you've got to understand how ludicrous that notion is. it's like saying (insert mediocre pop star) Brittany Spears is better than (legitimately GOOD artist) Doom. 
Idk how 1989 could hold a candle to the story telling and lyricism in Tpab 
So we're just gonna ignore how Carly Rae Jepsen's Emotion literally blows 1989 out of the water?
Kendrick Lamar wrote and composed tpab by himself and other talented musicians. Truly a piece of art. 1989 was a label creating cookie cutter pop music and putting Taylor Swift's face on it. 
What if I told you I like 1989 better as a pop record than I like TPAB as a hip hop record
1989 isn't even that good of a pop record tho. Taylor Swift is either pretentious or corny.
Even purely from a production standpoint, how can 1989 even come close? TPAB should have be able to win on production alone, before even considering lyrical content.
It matters because as frank once said the Grammies are the championship https://youtu.be/POr53s9TNFIIt may be a shitty perception but it's the perception we have. There is a reason only the successful artists are boycotting. 
I mean I understand that TPAB has the more important message. I can recognize that it is the more important album but musically, I have no desire to listen to it again outside of a few songs. It also came off as a little too heavy handed for me.1989 on the other hand, is a joy to listen to. I keep going back to it. It might not be as deep as TPAB but it does not have to be nor does it try to be.I'm sorry if my explanation is too vague, I'm not very good at explaining these kind of things.
That is what the button is for on HHH. 
Or his wife posting proof of her lying on Snapchat. Idk if they ever going to be friends again.
I didn't mean it in that way, I just mean it's some more bullshit that she can manipulate in the media and start some big drama about
Sorry but for 'touched more lives' and 'spoke to more people' Taylor has it won hands down for better or worse. Over 5 mil vs over 1 mil. Artistic integrity and innovation aside.
When has she ever made it about her out of nowhere? It's not like her name drops somewhere and she's all of a sudden on it. The only thing she's spoken out about was the Ye controversy and she was directly involved in it. This was a completely unrelated matter concerning the Grammy's and not even her name was dropped, just her album.
Idk hip hop losing to pop due to popularity bias doesn't bother me as much as inferior hip hop beating Kendrick because of a fan base that doesn't even care about the genre 
On this sub, maybe. The Heist beating GCMC was ridiculous, I wasnt surprised when 1989 won over TPAB though. 1989 was insanely popular. Not saying it should have won but i expected it to.
Nah 1989 is at least good and well liked
I'll never forget when Get Rich or Die Tryin lost to Evanescence. They did 50 wrong AF.
[deleted]
[deleted]
>if you're ever going to like frank ocean, you've already heard him before ELI5
He's bi
It's a pretty decent album.
pretty important one
Is hhh really still doing that? Banning people for emojis is almost as cringeworthy as unironically using emoji.
You have distracted from my creative process is a sentence I still use
Arcade fire beat eminem
Stop giving me flashbacks to stats I got a fucking 82 on that test :(
Damn I'm guessing Frank really did make exceptions fucking your bitch.
Your flair makes me think this is copy pasta
i don't know who to believe
still dude ,  it should have won. it wasnt even nominated....
GKMC is better than TPAB.
it came out in 2010 tho so it counts for the 2010s decade not the 2000s
Eminem wasn't even close to having two of the best albums of the decade
You smoking some good shit over there. 
Is someone gonna tell this guy that none of those albums came out this decade? Even if they did, Kanye still better.
False,  MBDTF was much better than those 3 . Eminem might be a goatMC, but Kanye's albums were supreme musically 
Based on critical consensus, MBDTF was far better than either of those albums.Metacritic scores:The Marshall Mathers LP - **78 (21 reviews)**The Eminem Show - **75 (20 reviews)**My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy - **94 (45 reviews)**I know critical reviews aren't everything, but I've seen a few lists that have MBDTF as being one of the best albums of the 2000s, above any of Eminem's projects.
facts.
Exactly! In 30 years, those will be the albums that we remember!
Kendrick was snubbed twice.    Both by young, white, blonde haired, blue eyed artists.      It ain't just a coincidence..
I felt like the only one who only listened to can't hold us
I'm a headass nvm
King Kunta is by far one of the best singles I've ever heard. Loved that song right off the bat.
Yeah, Beck should have won for *Odelay* and Steely Dan should have won for *Aja* or *Gaucho* but that doesn't mean that just because they got snubbed when they had the best album that Beyonce and Eminem deserved to get snubbed when Beck and Steely Dan finally won. 
beck won because old white people, same reason taylor won over TPAB. It is what it is. 
Yes the thousands of people who are eligible to vote for Grammys just because they have an iTunes seller page specifically choose white artists while casting their ballets.
Funniest shit I heard all night lolol
Brittany Spears in her prime was an unstoppable force stop writing her off
i can guarantee you that way more people enjoy britney spears than doom. Even having heard both, most people would still choose britney spears. you saying mf doom is good whereas britney spears is mediocre is the same logic as people who say hopsin is real hip hop, and lil gayne is trash. as far as quanitifying enjoyment, I think sales and streams are fairly indicative of that. That being said, I don't think that music can be objectively deemed good or bad, but given that the point of the grammys is to do that, I think overall enjoyment of a record is as good a way as any to do it.
what If I told you that 1989 wasn't trying to?
> Idk how 1989 could hold a candle to the story telling and lyricism in TpabI guess Taylor should have added a cheesy fake interview with Elvis at the end.
Unfortunately Carly Bae keeps getting slept on
NO QUESTION ABOUT IT BROTHER
I like Emotion and you can definitely make a case for it being on par with 1989, but blows it out of the water is a huge fucking stretch
Carly Rae Jepsen is amazing in every way.
Not that it matters, because it's a shitty metric, but TPAB has more writers and producers than 1989.
tfw a hip-hop fan criticises a pop record for having too many collaborator credits in the liner notes
I'm totally on board with saying TPAB is more important of an album, I don't really see how anybody could argue otherwise. But I hate seeing people dismiss pop music like it doesn't take talent to make a great pop record as well. 
There are good reasons why TPAB is more deserving but this isnt one of them
Who gives a flying fuck how many people produced n worked n co wrote an album? It was a fantastic pop record pushed even further by T swift. 
Yes i'm saying both are good but tpab is levels above. And ur acting like u dont bangeroo blank space in the whiperoo
Except Kendrick didn't produce any of the songs? Same as in gkmc. He has a great vision and writing but he didn't compose any of those songs other than telling the real producer what he wants
Hey there, I posted a comment that got on bestof the other week, and I'd like the share a bit of information that you might find interesting, or at least, give you a bit of perspective. I'm writing this from the bath, so excuse my misgivings. So, let's get the obvious out of the way: To Pump A Butterfly is one of the most ground breaking hip hop albums of all time. It is a politically driven beast. By merging every genre from neo-soul, to funk, to jazz, it creates a stunning amalgamation that unquestionably has pushed hip hop forward, and - arguably - contemporary music it self. It somehow simultaneously delights, challenges and rewards it's listeners through this combination of immaculate word play, with music that sounds as if it's been ripped from the future. It sounds both nostalgic and fresh. Beyond that, it has immense ambition to create a unified thought provoking theme that it succeeds in meeting. The artwork is astounding. The skit/poem that's threaded through out the album is divine and powerful. I'm trying to say that I love and respect this album, and I agree that it is a work of art.Now, if we're running off of your criteria that he should have won the Grammy because he composed it by himself and other talented musicians, then that is just an ignorant perspective. I would like to draw your attention to the credits of both TPAB and 1989.[Here is To Pimp A Butterfly](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/To_Pimp_a_Butterfly#Track_listing). [Here is 1989.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1989_(Taylor_Swift_album)#Track_listing)You'll immediately notice that the **average** number of writers per track for TPAB hovers around 4-5. You'll also notice that the **average** number of writers per track for 1989 hovers around 3. Now, if your argument is that Taylor had no involvement with her album, then you're simply misguided. She was as involved in the creation of her album as Kendrick was in his. In fact, from an instrumental perspective, Taylor may be more involved, as she laid down guitars, keys, vocals, backing vocals, and even percussion. Interesting side note: those huge kick drums on Shake It Off are actually her and a friend stomping on some floor boards. Max Martin is a pop genius. As is Shellback - although to a lesser degree (for now). If you're not familiar, he's written every major pop song ever. I believe he's got more number 1 songs in the world than the Beatles. From Britney Spears, to Katy Perry, to the Backstreet Boys to Kelly Clarkson, Max Martin is a man who understands music as a science, specifically designed to be appealing to almost everyone. So, yes, he is a cookie cutter pop musician, who collobarated with Taylor to make 1989. But, do not undervalue that collaboration and deem it of less worth that the collaboration between Thundercat, Flying Lotus, Dr Dre or the countless other collaborators on To Pump A Butterfly. If you wanted to run with that particular argument, wouldn't it seem more valid to apply it to Kendrick, where he has four or more people coming together to help him make every song? That argument is invalid. It both misses the point, and is a fundamental misunderstanding of how music is crafted today. I hate to say it, but you are sorely mistaken if you think that a bunch of pop executives just sit in a room with songs and make Taylor just sing them. Remember, Taylor's been writing songs since she was a kid. She was a country rock sweetheart who has a firm grasp on what it takes to write both instrumental music and phenomenal melodies. Heck, if you listen to the bonus tracks if 1989, you'll find the original acoustic demos she recorded at home to take to Max Martin to flesh out. , So Kendrick and Taylor Swift are both musicians of the highest echelon. They are extremely talented. And more importantly, they are hard working.So, if you think TPAB is a work of art, then what does that make 1989? Some commercial trash? Well, no. It's a matter of genre. If we've just concluded that they are both musicians of the highest degree who are extremely involved in their music, then they both make art. Andy Warhol made pop art. It was pretty, eye candy that was easy for almost anyone to enjoy. Pablo Picasso was a cubist. He made controversial pieces that pissed off large portions of the art community, while inspiring and delighting others. History perceives them both as being radical influences on art today, despite being radically different in their approaches. Make no mistake, they are both considered great artists who changed the world of art. Taylor Swift and Kendrick are much a like. Put aside your comments of, YOU'RE COMPARING TAYLOR SWIFT TO PICASSO!? BAHAH. Because it is not a comparison of ground breaking and genre changing influence on the world. It is merely a comparison that suggests that they are radically different artists, who flirt with immensely different styles of creative output. Kendrick was trying to - and succeeded - in making an immense hip hop record. It was meant to provoke thought. It was meant to challenge. It was designed to be complicated, and consistently rewards listeners to this day with little surprised. This is an album that forces us to think. Taylor wasn't trying to do that. At all. She was trying to make a successful pop record that was not only true and relevant of her own experiences, but one that also could be listened to by any one and enjoyed delightfully with ease. This is an album that allows us to have some great fun. They both have different intentions, and thus, it's impossible to compare them.While this is a tengential point, you could make the argument that 1989 did indeed deserve the Grammy, as - while cookie cutter pop might not challenge you as a listener - it does succeed in being extremely accessible to people of all demographics. Say what you will about TPAB, but it is undeniably a challenging album (in all the most beautiful ways). If someone asked me to make an album that could have at least four songs that would be considered universal successes, I think I would break down and cry at the pressure. If it were that simple, don't you think we'd be getting a new Michael Jackson - Thriller every few months? Just because pop music is dead stupid easy to listen to, it doesn't mean it's dead stupid easy to make. But this criteria is never truly established by the Grammy's. How do we measure who is better? Does better mean more universally loved by numbers, or does it mean the most successful artistic statement? The point of this rant however is to not raise the argument of Who is better?, or, Who deserved the Grammy? No. This is all to say that 1989 and TPAB are artistic equals. **While you don't have to love both of them, you should at least respect both of them for what they are. **And heck, Kendrick was on a Taylor song. Do you think he is spiteful? Do you think he's calling 1989 cookie cutter pop music, pacing around his home wishing for death to fall upon Swift and the Grammy committee? I doubt he is. And furthermore, with Kanye, Drake and Frank all publically hating on the Grammys this year, what does it even matter anyway? Everyone knows the Grammy's are not representative of what we think. And in a way, they never really can be. Music is subjective, and I think a large portion of the blame has to fall on to us as listeners and fans due to our expectations. For a week of February every year, we get obsessed with an award show that we consciously know is a pathetic representation of listeners attitudes. Yet, we still get emotionally involved and outraged. That doesn't make much sense, does it? I know it makes me feel like an idiot!Anyway, I just wanted to address your point, because I don't think it's as black and white as you think. I should get out of the bath now.**tl;dr - Both Kendrick and Taylor made incredible albums. Pop isn't as easy as you think. The Grammy's are stupid. We are stupid.**
I would say that your standards for a pop record are probably lower than for a hip hop record
I'd probably ignore you IRL as I'm about to do online 
Damn 
I would tell you you're objectively wrong.
Wat
Not to be redundant but there are millions of people in the world that would love to have even a handful of other people inspired by them and understand their beliefs. Frank ocean, Kendrick and any successful artist  should feel blessed/lucky for their talent and the people that listen to their message. It just kinda seems like a millionaire complaining about losing a few thousand dollars, yeah it sucks but think about what you've achieved overall and how many people would love to be in a similar position. Idk not disagreeing with anyone just putting my two cents out there. 
Don't need no friends like that
[KIM KARDASHIAN WROTE THE OTHER 51](https://i.redd.it/odtio9cnenex.jpg)
No ones going to care about a back handed dig from Frank Ocean 
100%. Comparing 1989 and TPAB is a long way from comparing GKMC and The Heist. 
It's pretty much the same thing to me. The amount of radio play songs from The Heist got was similar to the amount of 1989
>because of a fan base that doesn't even care about the genreOh don't get all elitist and shit when you're making a good point
I feel like that's worst because it kinda reinforces the glass ceiling on hip hop. Like it kinda says hey you can make one of the best albums ever, but as long as there's a half decent pop album from a big artist, the award is going to them. And it's shitty because that's kinda accepted as OK.
What old person gives a fuck about the Grammys tho
Ok and this already happened for Frank Ocean...IE the first fucking time he won all those grammys and came out as a gay and everyone was talking about him. Does that mean a second time he gets more sales too lol? Basically it's peanuts what you're talking about, nothing significant at all
IMO he's not a very pop oriented artist. Blond isn't a very accessible album to the masses sonically. He's a niche artist IMO, even tho he's got a lot of fans. I think he appeals to young people, and a bunch of the hip hop community. All those potential fans are already fans. I don't know how'd you have a music taste that would like Frank Ocean, and not be in tune with that sound right now. It's like how if you like hip hop, or consider yourself a hip hop fan you would have already heard of Kendrick Lamar. There's no real room for significant growth. Especially from doing something like the grammys. What box logo t shirt wearing kid is gonna watch the grammys and be like damn I never heard of this frank dude before
Duh why else would Taylor top him off
I don't think decent warrants an award though. AOTY should be the best album.
Exactly lol
This one is also greathttps://pics.onsizzle.com/Instagram-Cmon-mom-68f11b.png
I hate when I'm on a plane and they give me a water bottle like oh now I'm responsible for this water bottle
There's a glass ceiling on hip-hop, but Arcade Fire makes real ass music.
82 standard deviations? That's a pass in anyone's stats, and no confidence interval error. 
I'm the real Frank Ocean.
Agreed. GKMC is a masterpiece lyrically and sonically. TPAB is better lyrically but not nearly as interesting with production. 
You're entitled to that, doesnt change the fact that mbdtf wasn't better than either of 2 mentioned em albums or the blueprintBut you know how em goes on this sub lol
my bad fam
You can't call an opinion false
Metacritic is bad. I mean the way they rate albums is pretty shitty. Those two Em albums are some of the best of all time and so is MBDTF. It's hard to compare true to their differences. MBDTF is probably better from a pure music standpoint but MMLP and SSLP are much more simple and more relevant when it comes to the culture. Especially introducing Em as a top 5 of all time and proving that hip-hop could be ruled by a white guy. 
Honestly. I really like The Heist, I feel like as a white kid not exactly from the suburbs. I relate to it. The same way i relate to Atmospheres Sevens Travels or Aesops The Comeback Kid. 
But then why didn't Ed Sheeran or Sam Smith win it?It's a lot more to do with the pop vote being split four ways whereas the kind of people who would vote for Beck wouldn't vote for any other nominee.
Well no, it's because they let people in different genres vote on all genres. So the country and rock people get a vote too, and none of them are voting for kendrick lamar over much more comfortable white artists like Macklemore and T Swift
.... you got me.
Which sucks because as a piece of art basically TPAB was fucking amazing, but 1989 was just fun and light which is why it sucks that it won over something truly amazing.
Just because it wasn't trying to doesn't mean you can't bring it up when discussing which album is better
He wrote that 1989 doesn't hold a candle to the story telling and lyricism of TPAB, not that 1989's story telling and lyricism were worse than TPAB's. Imagine that there are 10 different things that made an album great; TPAB scores a 10/10 on story telling and lyricism, making it stand out as a great album. 1989's story telling and lyricism are irrelevant here - most people including Kendrick on TPAB specialize in particular criterion to excel in. The point is that those qualities are extremely well-represented in TPAB, qualities that as a whole set TPAB apart from 1989 despite 1989's more mild success at fulfilling other criteria. Obviously one can make a fine album with neither, but that wasn't the point, something you easily could have noticed if you'd bothered to spend more time reading freelollies' comment before you smugly responded. 
Seriously. While Taylor Swift has her own issues, I find it frustrating that people jump to shitting on her album to lift up Kendrick's. This is sort of the point that Kanye was making about awards shows being foolish; why is it that people who have put their hearts and souls into making art to share with the world walk away from Grammys night labeled losers?Taylor Swift didn't set out during the 1989 sessions trying to outdo Kendrick's lyricism or storytelling; she went out and made a good pop album that I (and a lot of other people) enjoyed quite a bit. Different goals, great results both.
Don't be mad that kdot was trying to spread a message
first impressions are hard to overcome and kiss was hot garbage.
The only song by her I've heard is kiss me through the phone, but apparently she's a really good artist according to r/popheads so I'm thinking of giving that album a listen. 
-much loveHH
>  but blows it out of the water is a huge fucking stretchExcuse me young man?
Even ignoring the fact that it's a bad metric, it really doesn't tell you anything. Hip-hop generally has more credits mentioned than pop for one reason or another (samples etc.), and I don't know much about Kendrick's process but there are a lot of artists, like Kanye, who will give writing or production credits to people for even tiny contributions.Secondly, and adding to that last point, the names mentioned in the credits are just the ones they tell you. I sincerely doubt that only a handful of writers were involved for 1989. There's no way a pop-superstar's album of that caliber did not go through a serious vetting process to ensure maximum marketability.
It takes talent to put together a record like 1988 but it takes genius to put out TPAB imo
Corporate or Inspired? Which adjective is more descriptive of true art?
Non-Mobile link: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/To_Pimp_a_Butterfly#Track_listing***^HelperBot ^v1.1 ^/r/HelperBot_ ^I ^am ^a ^bot. ^Please ^message ^/u/swim1929 ^with ^any ^feedback ^and/or ^hate. ^Counter: ^30419
I like both records, I like TPAB but tbh it's not my thing. Recent hip hop / R&B albums I'd put over it include We Got It From Here, Blonde, Pablo, Coloring Book, RTJ3. Again, that's partly personal taste.Meanwhile, there aren't really any pop albums in the past couple years I'd put over *1989*. I like *Sucker* from Charli XCX and I'm looking forward to whatever Lorde drops in 2017, but nothing's blown me away since *1989*, at least as far as pop music goes.
Ok do it
ignoring him would require you to not reply to his comment 
Went over it in another comment, but there are multiple hip hop records I would take over TPAB in the past few years, not really any pop records I would take over 1989.It's largely a matter of personal taste, but the hip hop records include We Got It From Here, Blonde, Pablo, Coloring Book, RTJ3
Nah
Taylor can get so pretentious,http://www.independent.co.uk/news/people/taylor-swift-interviewed-by-ryan-adams-the-5-most-awkward-moments-a6700891.htmlalso the names of her albums.
real friends.
wait what are the numbers referring to
context??
Wait what does this mean
Are you talking about the same people who care about Soulja Boy?
Yeah 1989 and TPAB are very very different so its whatever but The Heist was just a form of hip hop more palatable for suburban white people than Kendrick 
Not really it's basically the exact same situation 
yea i agree 100%
The grammy's are terrible. The Oscars has it's problems too but they at least have some credibility to them. 
Cuz they used to be mad love?
It's the Grammys, best doesn't matter, popularity does. 
No your not, I'm the real Frank Ocean
Say something only the real Frank Ocean would know
Completely agree. The rapping on TPAB is next level, but the story telling and the songs themselves were just stronger on GKMC.
You can't say someone is entitled to an opinion and follow that up by passing off your opinion as an objective fact. lol
That's not even the point. They are different decades. Ems albums are classics and nobody is debating that but so it MBDTF. And again, different decades. 
Nah, he says it like its fact or somethin in the lower comments
That's literally what the other guy is doing.
It's like Shakespeare in Love winning Best Picture at the Oscars. It's a good movie on its own but it's always going to have this nasty stigma over it because it's always going to be known as the movie that beat Saving Private Ryan. People need to stop putting so much stock in awards and just judge the different works on their own. Especially the Grammys which have proven time and time again that it's just a popularity contest.
Kinda like how La La Land is gonna beat Moonlight at the Oscars.
can something fun and light not also be truly amazing?
Okay but that argument doesn't hold much weight. Intent is very much important. You gonna criticize The Godfather because it only has maybe 2 big laughs? 
Based off of what? This is a hip hop sub,.no shit there's going to be bias. Both were great in there own genres, just because one is more serious doesn't mean it's better.
Thanks for clearing that up! I feel so enlightened now. God you really think this needed to be said? its fucking common sense dude. Hope you didn't waste too much time.
Don't act like Taylor doesn't have bars though.
I think most know her for Call Me Maybe at this point 
I can assure you you've heard Call Me Maybe
Not a single song on Emotion measures up to Blank Space or Style, not even close
Or, you know, Taylor Swift is a good songwriter. Her first AOTY was mostly just her.
I'm not saying *1989* is a brilliant record, I don't even think it's Taylor Swift's best album tbh but it certainly takes talent and genius to put a pop album like *Thriller* out tho.
How is 1989 more corporate?
Unless both of them are doing it without any label and for the hell of it, it's corporate. 
I realize we're stating opinion here, but all the records you listed as superior to TPAB aren't even the best records by those artists (Blonde being the possible exception but i think even Endless is better let alone CO.) 
What comment? I don't see anything.
GOOD point
All those came out after tpab 
Personal taste indeed.  
Blonde is not hip hop. It's more rnb. Rtj is overrated, coloring book is good but nothing iconic. Pablo, great album, but not iconic. We got it from here, great album, but I liked tpab more
Dude. You have a fucking Gambino flair.
That was so painful to read, I figured the author had maybe taken some liberties with the referenced content or glossed over the less horrible parts of the interview....then I watched it. I now feel sick.
Your creativity inspires me.
how many of us?
something with shade or exposing I guess
It's a Hamilton reference
Reminds me of an article I saw somewhere that showed that parents were more likely to define Macklemore's rap as clean or family friendly or whatever, which is basically code for he looks and talls like me so he's ol.
Suburban white people love Kendrick.
Nah. They both involve arguably classic hip hop albums being snubbed by much less significant albums, but one is a totally different genre. Its easier to compare GKMC and the heist, which makes it more egregious imo.
That's exactly our problem with it.
Ffs would the real Frank Ocean please stand up?
trayvon look just like me 
LOL im just taking that inim an idiot... imma leave it up there tho I deserve the downvotes
Nah nah see other people can have their opinion, and he can have the right one. That seems like a fair distribution to me.
Different person said that. 
No it's not. He's stating his opinion 
Not only that but these awards are by and for the industry they only hold anything if you're in them, sure it sucks that they didn't get recognized but it's the equivalent of my homeboy at work not getting Employee of the Month, you wouldn't care because its an award for an industry you aren't in.
God damn I had almost forgotten about that. 
Shakespeare in Love is so revolutionary and original and important. 1989 is just a middling pop record. Not as bad as Mumford and Sons but still
Easiest way to win Best Picture in the last five or six years is to set your movie in the film industry and make actors the major characters. Argo, The Artist, Birdman, La La Land. Hollywood's self-obsession is really showing lately.
If Moonlight took place in hollywood it'd sweep the oscars
Although La La Land is technical wonder, Chazelle is on his way to becoming one of the greats. The movie just doesn't tackle the same hard hitting topics for storytelling.
La La Land is gonna fucking *kill* at the Oscars this year and it's gonna suck to watch.
Different comparison. La La Land may be a movie to hit all the correct Oscar buttons but it is still a masterclass in direction, acting, cinematography, being a movie in general. Moonlight is also great in many different ways but I will argue heavily that it becomes less and less cohesive and interesting as the story moves on. Anyway this isn't about me thinking Moonlight is a little overrated, point is that La La Land is at the very least also a very good movie, 1989 is really just an okay pop album vs one of the best hip hop records period. Edit: A better movie comparison would be if like Sing Street were nominated for an Oscar vs Moonlight. 
I dunno, I think they're on equal footing. Moonlight is written and acted beautifully, and La La Land's visual effects and acting are wonderful. 
I'll say this about the oscars; as much as people complain about what should have won and all the politics involved, they do genuinely seem to try to pick the best movie of the year. Every time the Grammy's come around, it feels like the damn Teen Choice Awards. Album of the Year is never something that slipped under most people's radar. It's always by one of the most popular artists in the world.
As it should. Much better film.
Sure but 1989 isn't
It can be. But the majority of listeners here at /r/hiphopheads would be able to sum up way better than I could that the release of TPAB was a momentous occasion because it highlights the skill and meaning not just behind Kendrick himself, but also the struggles and wonder of the black community today. 
Yeah, but 1989 is not truly amazing. 
Yes. But think of it like this:*1989* while fun, lighthearted and amazing in its own right more or less fits the already established mould of a wide variety of pop acts. While pushing Taylor *herself* forward, it did little to push forward the genre the album is placed in.*To Pimp A Butterfly* meanwhile is a **HUGE** landmark moment not only for hip-hop, but arguably for music in general. It was a paradigm shift into a whole new world, a sort of ushering in of new themes not yet explored in today's society at that point, whilst also expanding upon the sound of the decade it currently was in. *TPAB* in this regard could be considered in the same way as *Thriller* is to the 80's, or *Kid A* for the new millennium (**There's a much better example in the edit to this post**.) as not only a product of it's time, but as a watershed moment for the time as well.To put it bluntly, when I think of *TPAB* I think of Ferguson, of Michael Brown and Trayvon Martin, of crowds of people during riots singing the chorus to *Alright* as a rallying cry against the prejudice around them, and a whole host of other issues we face and tackle day to day in this current decade as a modern society. When I think of *1989* I think of that time I drove in my car and sang along to *Blank Space* while drinking a frappe, and of Taylor's dress in the Wildest Dreams video. You can see how it's not *quite* the same thing here.This isn't to put down *1989* as I'm a firm believer that it takes a highly educated and well trained ear to compose catchy and relatable music to a wide and generalized audience. But, putting it bluntly again, when we look at which of the two is going to remembered more for its statement as opposed to its success ... well only one of these two has been archived at the Harvard library as far as I'm aware.EDIT: /u/Jandrohino raises a better example than mine:>I would say it is more like *ILLMATIC* inna sense. Its the pinaccle or rapping at the present time but it didnt change hiphop even a lil bit. Still one of the only classics i felt came out this decade. Amazing stuff and still in my rotation.
It can be. However 1989 isnt. It's fun and light and catchy and all that which you want in a pop album, but it's also average to weak lyricism by her standards, imo, and her very average singing. It's a good album, but it's not TPAB. Also, you're in the wrong place for your arguement.
Its like comparing a family flick to the scorcese film. Both can be great in a way but when placed side by side and judged by supposed people who are meant to be experts it kind of sting when the family flick gets picked 
It can, but 1989 wasn't
Yes it can be and it was I bumped that shit nonstop, just amazing for different reasons, it didn't try to be introspective and shit with its content. /u/Nakada just posted a comment summarizing it. I love 1989 and think its fucking great pop but TPAB has lyricism and shit that elevates it.
To be fair, he didn't really criticize 1989 for not having story telling and lyricism, more that 1989 doesn't have qualities that compare to the story telling and lyricism of TPAB
Suppose someone proved the Riemann hypothesis and someone else showed that if you let go of a ball in the air, the ball falls down. Both were successful in their goals, and both goals are in different but similar fields - math and physics respectively. Despite that, we can obviously say that proving the Riemann hypothesis was more impressive within its field than dropping a ball was in its own field, and that from a broader perspective, proving the Riemann hypothesis is more impressive in general. I've seen a total of zero people in this thread resembling the strawman arguing that intent doesn't matter.
As I said to the other guy, he didn't really criticize 1989 for not having story telling and lyricism, more that 1989 doesn't have qualities that compare to the story telling and lyricism of TPAB. Sure it's unfair to compare the projects solely on story telling and lyricism, but it's not unreasonable to ask well TPAB has amazing story telling and lyricism, what does 1989 have that compares to a similar level?
It is fucking common sense which is why I was so surprised that you completely missed it. 
>Not a single song on Emotion measures up to Blank Space or Style, not even closeImagine being this far away from God
Oh no doubt about it, but also that's the pop music GOAT in Michael Jackson which is a super high standard. I think a guy like Bruno Mars has a ton of talent, he has some sweet dance moves too.
The fact that you knew I meant corporate to describe 1989 shows how lol
Because it's shitty pop
I think RTJ3 was the best so far. But Pablo and Colouring Book? Damn.
That's fair, I'd be fine taking Coloring Book over Acid Rap though TBHI like Endless and CO too, I'd personally take Blonde over either of themI should've listed Summertime '06 as well, I'm more excited for Vince Staples than for any other young MC. And I think he offers a very interesting contrast to Kendrick(should also mention the surprising thing about We Got It From Here is that it stands right up there with Tribe's best work)
doesn't look like anything to me
Too late, you replied homie
His point is that even just recently there are rap albums he'd put above tpab but 1989 is the best pop album in a couple years span in his opinion. 
Well, I said the past few yearsI can come up with a goddamned long list of records that came out before TPAB which I prefer, but I don't need to dive into that
Pablo's about as iconic as TPAB. They both got one truly 'iconic' track (if that's ur standard)  Alright and Famous. Dunno if No Problem is iconic but Chance is on the way up and that's a dope albumBut yeah, I'm not really sold on TPAB being 'iconic' as opposed to these albumsI copied my list from another comment where I specifically included R&B, which is why Blonde's on there.
It's funny, Macklemore even said he thinks GKMC should have won over The Heist
Not the same ones that love macklemore
Old suburban white people don't like kendrick. Young suburban white people love kendrick. Most of them are culture tourists though.
Agree with Argo and The Artist as they were romanticized versions of Hollywood at their worst and overall just okay movies, but Birdman was 1 mainly based in a play setting and 2 had very biting criticism of Hollywood. La La Land is also romanticized but in the best way possible. 
make actors the major charactersWhat the fuck?
Moonlight will win, trust me
Wait, why? I love Moonlight but La La Land is fucking phenomenal. Sucks to see its greatness being overshadowed by politics 
I'll argue hardcore that Sing Street is better than La La Land. La La Land is a musical for people that don't like musicals. Sing Street has better songs, characters, soundtrack and doesn't spend two hours sucking Hollywood's dick.  I'll take Sing Street over La La Land all day. 
Oh yeah, I totally loved La La Land and thought it was a great movie. I meant the comparison to be like how u/JessieJ577 said it's fun and light versus something in my opinion that's more substantial overall. Not trying to knock La La Land at all. 
I disagree on the acting part. Ryan Gosling had a good amount of charm but he did nothing really outstanding. Emma Stone was better but not the best of the year. If you want to see master class in acting check out Manchester by the Sea. Casey Affleck is just outstanding and Michelle Williams is just as good even if she isn't in the movie as much.
I wouldn't say they always pick the best, but they always do choose quality movies. Except when they chose Crash. That movie sucks.
I personally don't think so. 
I agree but the way he phrased it seems to imply they are mutually exclusive.
I'm not arguing that 1989 is better or worse. I don't care either way. You seemed to have missed my point.
I mean apparently many people felt differently.
>> It was a paradigm shift into a whole new world, a sort of ushering in of new themes not yet explored in today's society at that point, whilst also expanding upon the sound of the decade it currently was in. TPAB in this regard could be considered in the same way as Thriller is to the 80's, or Kid A for the new millennium (if someone has better analogies I'm all ears. I hope you can get my point though.)I think ur point is too out there. Nowhere is it near Thriller or did it shift hiphop at all. It was just an amazingly created album, i would say it is more like *ILLMATIC* inna sense. Its the pinaccle or rapping at the present time but it didnt change hiphop even a lil bit. Still one of the only classics i felt came out this decade. Amazing stuff and still in my rotation.
Eeesh. You couldn't have used better examples than Trayvon Martin and Michael Brown?
ugh. this type of nonsense is why I try to stay off HHH nowadays. You realize how fucking ridiculous most of what you said is? Obviously not because your head is so far up your own ass. 
I've never even heard all of 1989 so I'm just playing devil's advocate here.
1989 was a pretty fucking great pop album man. I do agree that TPAB was more important, and it should've won... but you guys are kinda downplaying it like a generic album. The production was impeccable, and I definitely can't agree with you that her singing was weak. Every track on that album is a banger. Again, TPAB should've won, but you guys have a very limited view of what a great album is. Just because you deal with heavy issues, doesn't mean it should automatically be more eligible for awards. TPAB should've won because it successfully pulled off being a politically charged conscious rap album, not just because it was political. 1989 was a strong contender because it so successfully pulled off being a pretty much perfect pop album.
Yeah and clearly I disagree with you.
If that's how you want to interpret that 1 sentence comment. Sounds like he was directly comparing them to me.
Lol, I love Emotion. You wanna name a track on it that measures up to either of those?
no it doesn't? everyone here is shitting on 1989 so I assumed. I genuinely wanted an explanation....
*glitches*
What? How is Famous iconic? 
Lmao he was in no position to say otherwise. 
^^^^Untrue
Can confirm, am white suburban, like Kendrick, but not Macklemore
That's an interesting word thanks
Lala land was the most over the top to me. I hated it. 
he means the actors are playing actors
This is Reddit, you can't like La La Land here unless you also say it's inferior to other indie movies. Outside of that, it's terrible
I mean you do you man but man we watched different movies. Sing Street kinda goes down the toilet bowl toward the end when it seems like they're playing some generic high school musical song and the movie continuously clings to cliches and loses its humor. I love musicals and loved La La Land. I mean depending on how you contrive it sucking Hollywood's dick, the movie spends at least an hour of its 2 hour run time just developing its characters with dialogue and communicating about jazz. The musical numbers definitely reference classic hollywood musicals but I don't know if that's necessarily sucking Hollywood's dick and when the homage is really obvious it is tied heavily into the emotional narrative (the ending number especially). Edit: And in terms of directing/cinematography/set design, you'd have to be mad to argue for Sing Street. 
La La Land is not fun and light. The end and beginning are super depressing.
Well see here's where we differ because I actually do think if 1989 were some sort of genius pop record (more along the lines of Carly Rae Jepsen's emotion but even that isn't good enough, more like Thriller good) I could see it contesting with TPAB and it wouldn't be an absolute insult if the record won over it. Because to me music is about the music first, substance 2nd. That's why I'm not exactly putting someone like idk Immortal Technique on a pedestal for his political rap rantings. TPAB is solid on both don't get me wrong, I'm just saying something fun and light could be just as worthy of being a contender for accolades if it were a musically innovative and dense affair. 1989 however was nowhere near that level. 
I agree, I should've said better than average in the acting department. Also I've seen Manchester by the Sea, of course that movie probably had some of the best acting that I've seen from last year. 
Fair enough. Moonlight was a bit of a letdown for me personally.
Can we mud wrestle if we meet IRL ?
Seems like you're being a contrarian cunt just cause
That's weird because he answered your question immediately.
Exactly, people o this sub fail too see that music is subjective art and other opinions exist. 
True, this makes a lot more sense. Sorry. Editing the comment to reflect this now.
This is why you should come here, he raises a good point just discuss the issues you have with it instead of tryijg to bring him down.
Check out the Ryan Adam's cover album, his version is actually Grammy worthy. Still not TPAB level tho
I meant to say your argument, not your album. But yeah I feel ya. Some people don't give it the credit it is due, but it's still a travesty it won, imo.
Nope
I'm listening to it right now, and I'm honestly having difficulty in just giving you a track right now.  I'm completely ignoring that you mentioned Blank Space because I don't acknowledge it as the song has already been done before by Leona Lewis but for Style I'm gonna have to go with Favourite Color. 
Run Away with me, Lets get lost, Emotion, Boy Problems are all better than the tracks you mentioned. 1989 is pretty solid, but it sounds pretty cookie cutter comapared to Emotion. Emotion is pretty much what Taylor swift wanted to do with the 80s synth pop sound that she was going for on her album.
First of all,It simply is
was that sarcastic? It's an actual term for people who, for example would listen to Maad City just because it bumps instead of listening to the struggles he describes.
I was watching an interview or something where Tyler said he was hella pissed they made him so short lol
Woah I didn't know this existed. I used to love this show.
I remember when I saw this the first, damn it's still sick. Hope more rappers get involved in cartoons. Someone needs to guest star on Rick and Morty 
Related: ASAP Rocky and Ferg on Animals https://youtu.be/SsFy6u6emZw
I wish more rappers would do animated stuff. Always loved aesop rocks animated videos. Rza and afro samurai was cool tooWhat are other artists that do animated stuff?
Tyler's last verse was actually pretty hard. I miss gambino rapping
I actually met Childish Gambino once in London and asked him about this episode. Seriously the coolest guy ever.
I miss this show
Lmao this is hilarious. Thanks for sharing
Man, teenage me loved this. This was the apex of my fuckboi years
Had the audio file of this episode on my old ipod and used to listen to it daily. Gambino and Tyler both crack me up everytime. The power of poetry haha.
https://youtu.be/8LHg8f8CeUg Action Bronson as Uncle Taco on the Lucas Bros Moving Co. was pretty hilarious.
Other videos in this thread:[Watch Playlist &#9654;](http://subtletv.com/_r5thg6q?feature=playlist&nline=1)VIDEO|COMMENT-|-[A$AP Rocky & A$AP Ferg  Animals](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SsFy6u6emZw)|[40](https://www.reddit.com/r/hiphopheads/comments/5thg6q/_/ddmrsgr?context=10#ddmrsgr) - Related: ASAP Rocky and Ferg on Animals[THE CLEVELAND SHOW  Rap Battle Feat. Kanye West  FOX BROADCASTING](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mWjqEgDymus)|[21](https://www.reddit.com/r/hiphopheads/comments/5thg6q/_/ddmvadc?context=10#ddmvadc) - ... Kanye appeared on the Cleveland Show ...  So that's something.[Joey Badass: 1999 (2012) Mixtape](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EJOujsrIgOc)|[5](https://www.reddit.com/r/hiphopheads/comments/5thg6q/_/ddmync8?context=10#ddmync8) - Try Joey Badass' mixtape 1999[Animation Domination: Lucas Bros. Moving Co. - Uncle Taco Speaks](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8LHg8f8CeUg)|[2](https://www.reddit.com/r/hiphopheads/comments/5thg6q/_/ddn0a46?context=10#ddn0a46) - Action Bronson as Uncle Taco on the Lucas Bros Moving Co. was pretty hilarious.[Thirsty Girl Interviews Tyler, The Creator](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g3_4rMqX_zY&t=60s)|[1](https://www.reddit.com/r/hiphopheads/comments/5thg6q/_/ddn5aoj?context=10#ddn5aoj) - What are you insecure about  my height  why?  cuz i wanna be 6'3  how tall are you  6'2  sourceI'm a bot working hard to help Redditors find related videos to watch. I'll keep this updated as long as I can.***[Play All](http://subtletv.com/_r5thg6q?feature=playlist&ftrlnk=1) | [Info](https://np.reddit.com/r/SubtleTV/wiki/mentioned_videos) | Get me on [Chrome](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/mentioned-videos-for-redd/fiimkmdalmgffhibfdjnhljpnigcmohf) / [Firefox](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/mentioned-videos-for-reddit)
cool verse..who writes them ??
I remember he also said he had a hard time not cursing in his rap. 
he's insecure about his height
Still love, but so sad to know that most of the best cartoon network shows are about to end. Regular Show, Adventure Time and Gumball, for an example.
I feel like RTJ has a fair chance of appearing 
We already had Ice T lmao
Logic is appearing in season 3! That's if season 3 ever comes out
yo what is this show? I have literally never heard of it but it looks tight
Maybe (probably) I just don't *know,* but they went hard on that boom bap beat. Being an aging backpackerish white dude, I have a hard time getting into trap shit, but I'd definitely fuck with that kind of stuff. Are there more examples of these guys rapping over older-school/more 'traditional' beats?
... [Kanye appeared on the Cleveland Show](https://youtu.be/mWjqEgDymus) ...So that's something.
The Boondocks was full of them. Off the top of my head, Mos Def, Snoop, Busta had recurring roles, and Ghostface, Lil Wayne and Xzibit made guest appearances. I'm sure there are a bunch more I'm forgetting.
He'll be back
I dunno, (possibly an unpopular opinion, but) Awaken, My Love! is the first Gambino release I've enjoyed since Camp.
What'd he say about it?
You know who else misses this show ?#MY MOM!
http://imgur.com/ylFXXgl yeah makes sense, I heard they just raised the cutoff for manlets to 6'2 last year, the short fuck
What are you insecure aboutmy heightwhy?cuz i wanna be 6'3how tall are you6'2[source](https://youtu.be/g3_4rMqX_zY?t=60)
Regular Show is already finished btw. It was pretty good too
Samurai Jack doe.
Steven Universe is pretty much carrying the network at this point
danny brown definitely belongs in an adult swim cartoon
Killa Mike voiced a character on Frisky Dingo. 
>We already had ~~Ice T~~ **Water T** lmao
*My story begins at the dawn of time*
That wasn't actually him, was it?
Like I said, I wish some rappers would come on
it's fucking hilarious lol each episode follows 2/3 different groups of animals in NYC. It's essentially a skit show like Chappelle's Show. There's a ton of comedic actors lending their voices to the characters: Eric Andre, Nick Kroll, Zach Woods, Rafi and Jenny and Pete from the league, Jenny Slate etc.  highly recommend you check it out
It's called Animals and It's on HBO.
Try Joey Badass' [mixtape](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EJOujsrIgOc) 1999
Cannot recommend 1999 even more. It's a great mix tape 
a$ap rocky doesnt really use trap beats on his solo stuff
Fuck, how could I forget about Boondocks. Classic
I thought sub-6' was considered manlet status nowadays 
Well my shadow is like 9'5
[^(**Mouseover** or **click** to view the metric conversion for this comment)](http://fiddle.jshell.net/ConvertsToMetric/xhk4y5h5/show/light/?6'3%20=%201.9%20m%0A 6'3 = 1.9 mPost feedback in /r/ToMetric)
I just finished it. The final made me so sad I started re running through my favorite moments. I rediscovered this scene and it's one my favorites.
smart as fuck business model from adult swim, just take the old cancelled kids shows and turn them into adult shows aimed at the grown up kids
!!!
He was in the lucas bros moving co
Boondocks.
Jesus, talk about one of the funniest and most overlooked shows on the planet
Killer* Mike
He was a fucking shard of ice 
It was Dan harmon, in his podcast harmontown its a pretty popular impression to fans. 
ouch don't slice your finger on all that edge
> they just raised the cutoff for manlets to 6'2
WTF I still got like 2 inches to go but I'm 19 dude I'm just about done growing vertically 
No, Samurai Jack was always a mature cartoon. I watched the preview and it doesn't strike me as any different from when I was in high school. 
It's also like proto Archer. 
The whole Logic isnt a rapper meme/circlejerk is the most annoying thing on this sub. Whether you like him or not, hes a rapper that a lot of people like. Besides that, it isnt even that funny.
He was being sarcastic about Tyler not actually being a manlet so I was tryna get an official opinion
blood tho? i don't remember blood in the original
Logic is a rapper. Just really corny.
6 definite not manlet, 5'10-11 has wiggle room 
I think the blood was black in the original. 
debatablethe young sinatra series, esp undeniable n welcome to forever are some of the best products from the internet rap corner of the genreit's that he more or less sold out as this industry's favorite safe rapper instead of doing what he used to be really fucking good at, rapping
Tfw 5'8
He mostly fought robots so that was just oil.
not really debatable even logic fans know he's corny. it's debatable to say logic's mixtapes were good products from the internet rap's corner of the genre.
to be fair the sell out records skit he did on young sinatra was extremely corny
Never listened to a full logic project, but have heard plenty of songs. Every single one was about getting women, getting money, and being the best rapper out. If that is all you're talking about, then yeah that's pretty corny to me. And don't link me a song or two; even the corniest of rappers have a heartfelt song here n there. His general aesthetic is 'I'm better than you' and that is corny to me as well. Lots of rappers boast that they're better than you, but usually they have more to offer. Someone go ahead and prove me wrong though, I'll admit I'm not all that familiar with his catalog       
he wasn't b4 tho lol thats precisely my pointeverything up to Under Pressure was relatively okay by all standards
i like to think of it as a self fulfilling prophecy
it was ok. that's about it imo.
if you already used an email you wanna use, enter:> *username***+1***@domain.ext*
Thanks dude I've wanted to listen to Lemonade for a long time 
Slaps back to the main page after entering the code. **Edit2**: if you've already got tidal installed then make sure you are logged out of it (tidal, settings, tap to logout). It auto populated the account info after step 4 and that may cause an issue. **Edit**: Alright, I'm Canadian and using iOS: 1) so I turned on a VPN  Opera VPN is good and free. Set it to US. 2) I opened the Chrome browser app3) open new **Incognito Tab**, went to **tidal.com**, **redeem voucher**, says enjoy 180 days of tidal but inputting an email just kicks you to a login screen without creating an account. So **you'll have to use a twitter/Facebook account** (that isn't already using tidal) on that page. 4) After that it says something like install or open tidal so I opened it and it's working perfectly. 5) open Opera VPN app, tap settings and disable it. 
Lmao! What a fuckin random and great thing to wake up to. Thanks man. 
In canada and whenver I enter sprint it just relocates me back to the homescreen. Must just be US based
Just in time for Yeezy Season 5, ayye
lol thanks -broke boys http://imgur.com/gallery/O17Eg
How is Tidal nowadays? I got it when TLOP was out but then dropped it as soon as that trial ended. It seems okay, not doing anything better than any other music streaming services. Spotify's mobile app is fuego right now and I don't know if it's worth the switch. 
This is awesome, good looks
Yo this is awesome man
You a g for this.
Whenever I try to put the code in, it tells me that an error has occured 
anyone know how long this will last? I don't use streaming so I want to save this till something big happens where I could use it 
how does Tidal compare to Spotify?Talking about u/i, library, playlists, etc...
Outside of Hova's discog, what other exclusives are on Tidal?
Tidal trying to create some switching costs here... interesting move honestly
>Something went wrong. Please try again later or contact customer support RIP
[removed]
can anyone verify if a vpn works?
Bruh was just gunna pay as well. To get jigga back in my life
Can some kind stranger make an account for me? Im not in the US, and this does not work for me :( u can use a random email
Hmm i was using the Tidal 3 month sub for a while and never really loved it, then i used some free apple music trials and liked it more. A month ago i started using spotify and like it the most.But 3 months free is a good deal. Any opinions to help me out here?
Worked for me, great cause my spotify is about to run out 
Not working for me. It keep saying something went wrong 
Did it step by step   didn't work for me
I just get invalid code.... whats going on
Well fuck, looks like I missed it by an hour or two.
[deleted]
Didn't work for me, in USEdit: seemed to work now, checking Edit 2: worked with new account 
Didnt work from my pc, tried it on the phone with a vpn and got it. Nice.
How hard will it be to cancel after 6 months?
Yep the +1 method works nicely
This means free lossless classical music!Beethoven and Chopin, here I come!
thank you going to be listening to a whole lot of prince now!
In Canada and did everything that Swipe did and I just get redirected to the homepage
So I can get tidal hifi for 6 months free?
accidently made a pay account. now im out of 20 bucks :(
Is it dead? not working for me with a us VPN
can somebody hook me up with an account? I keep getting invalid code whenever i put in the sprint code.I tried everything, in app, in phone browser, in pc browser, logged in and not logged in. Im also in the US
Dead now.
It's not working for meI'm assuming it's US only?
i assume there's no way to make this work on an active account right
How do you shuffle songs on the app?
If I didn't have an iPhone and all my shit on Apple Music, Tidal is the next service I would use just because it has everything Spotify has plus some exclusives. And I like the layout when I used my free trial for TLOP.
didn't work on my account, too lazy to make  a new one. Is it worth it? I already got Jay Z albums I want to hear downloaded and Prince is coming to spotify in a few weeks I hear, so....
Does the Tidal desktop app not have shortcut keys? With Spotify I could control the volume, pause tracks, or skip tracks with my keyboard.
Have to make a new account? ah =(
Good looking OP
can anyone from the us use a throwaway email and make one for me? would be greatly appreciated!
I always use Apple Music and I have Spotify as backup.Is there anything better with Tidal?
Good looking fam
My hero!!!
I used Torbrowser, found a US identity and set it up with my mail.Works like a charm, thanks for the post!After using it for an hour I don't see the appeal in Tidal tho, but whatever floats your boat.
Anyone know how long this will be available? I've still got a month left of a Google Play trial, and I would like to get this once that trial ends.
Ayy thanks 
What's on tidal that isn't in Spotify? Because I downloaded and signed up but now I'm not sure why. 
Can anyone create me an account if i PM my email? already tried with VPN but i have no luck ...
You won't be charged for it after 6 months if you don't download it.
lolno
I didn't even know Tidal was still a thing.
Thanks for this dude!
Nice try, Jay
I just registered using my facebook and used the sprint code but will they automatically start charging after those 6 months expire or will i just recieve a message which states that my free months has gone?Sorry for nooby question.
Are downloads not working in the android app for anyone else? 
Worked for me. Thanks. 
anyone wanna share some playlists?
Right on! Thanks!
Just cross posted this to r/music get them while you can! Great looking out! Eazy E would be proud 
There is no redeem voucher on Tidal's landing page. What are the EXACT steps to do this? It seems as if I choose the $19 trial, enter the CC info and from there is when I'd redeem a code... Any insight? 
Fuck YES. Tidal has the best selection, best playlists, and best UI of all streaming apps. Worst pricing scheme though
Can someone make an account for me, I'm not in the US. Thanks in advance.
Nah fam I'm good.
They gotta do something to give them leverage for Prince's albums going on to every other streaming app tomorrow
If you're on android get tunnelbear from the app store, use that to connect to a VPN in the US for free and then get the free trial, download tidal and you have 6 months free, I'm from Ireland and it's working perfectly.
It works folks! Listening to Blond now/
i messed up... created a new account with my paypal. promptly cancelled that account when i found that reedeem voucher part on the site.finally listening to the last mos def album, thank you so much fam
[deleted]
i enterered sprint into the code and all it did was take me back to the main page? Is it fixed? Do i need to log into an account before? 
if you dont want to bother with VPN on pc or mac, get tunnelbear from your appstore and connect to the US
You're a true hero OP
Any idea why I can't download albums to offline ? Sign up worked, but it says I have too many authorized devices even though when I go to the device menu only my phone shows up ? Thanks guys 
Is this US only?
Since Tidal streamed Magnificent Coloring Day, does anyone know if the video is anywhere on their site/app?
Anyone got some pros and cons over Spotify? 
Thanks man you're the fucking best!
Thanks OP! You the man
gonna watch these 21 savage documentaries. Thanks OP! & imma watch made in america im so happy
I can't do it, i'm not on US, but using a VPN. I click redeem voucher and it just redirects me to the home page. I made an account already in the app, and i can't find if i can redeem voucher directly on the app.Help please
Good looking out!  It worked. 
I think the promo code doesn't work for 6 months anymore. I was only able to get a 3-month trial.
Another pointless app I don't need on my phone.
Thanks man!!
To everyone getting the invalid code message. I made an account and cancelled the subscription right away. When I did this I got the invalid code message. To fix it, I reactivated my subscription (so I put my paypal info back in), then put in the code under redeem voucher. After redeeming the voucher I cancelled my subscription through paypal but still have Tidal free until 10/9/17. Also I used SPRINT as the code.
another tip if you've already registered your gmail account, you can re register it separately by using username@googlemail.com instead of username@gmail.com, or vice versa
it worked. thanks!
Worked in Canada,Make sure you don't get redirected to 'http://tidal.com/ca' after you switch on your US VPN and should be fine. Maybe also try a different browser, didn't work in Chrome but worked with Opera for me
I have an account that hasn't started a trial or bought a month yet, am I able to do this?
Thank you so much 
Thanks, great find
It gave me invalid code.  Have they shut it off?
I'm on mobile but every time I enter the code it makes me register for a sccount and when I sign up it says wrong password/email. ANy help?
Can someone make me an account? It doesn't work for me
Is it just me or can you not change the quality? If so that's some bullshit
can you tell the differences between the regular quality vs the hifi quality
God man it worked but just like a year ago they still don't have some of the biggest Korean artist on there so i could just imagine what other artist from other genres they don't have. Luckily i have apple music and this was free for like the billionth time and its HiFi so im not gonna complain but its still ass compared to apple music,spotify, and google play
So now I don't have to make a fake account every month? Just every 6 months!
I'd rather pay $60 for Google Play Music.
Best streaming platform by far. Enjoy 
lol who cares
Shoutout to the dumb as fuck Jay Z dicklickers in this sub shitting on everyone else who thought that Sprint was stupid for buying 1/3 of Tidal.This promotion is laughable.
[deleted]
Yeah thats  annoying. I really like the album but have only listened to it like dozen times since April bc its only on tidal and they only gave a you a month. And I don't wanna illegally download it 
What else is available only on tidal worth a listen?
Hahahahah this is the first thing I did too
Same
You can buy it on Apple Music 
It's good too damn. No wonder people were talking about it so much.
People actually buy music? Lol
Wait, what? Why. 
you're a real onestill says invalid code for me tho so I give up 
worked for me thanks
Weird, I'm in Norway, and didn't have to do anything special. Did it via mobile tho, if that matters. 
Worked for me in Canada following your steps. That's ms alot!
Worked fine for me! From AusThank you!
HOLY SHIT... everything worked perfectly. Can't thank you enough for this. Just shared this with all my friends.
Amazing. Thanks bruv
Thanks! worked perfectly!
Worked for me in Germany with VPN. Thx !
The fact you have to do all that is absurd. No wonder people prefer Spotify still. I bought Life of Pablo and wasn't even able to download it. 
Worked for me using an email, thanks man 
Thanks man,it's working.
MVP!!!!
Did this and worked great but when not on VPN I can't seem to authorize my device for download, you get this? 
This worked
> VPN you are the man thanks!!!
has the code expired? I've tried all of this and it isn't working. and I've never signed up to Tidal before, so its not like i have an existing account
Same thing happening for me in the UK.**EDIT:** Follow /u/swipe_ method and use a mobile as well as OperaVPN. Worked for me eventually. I also used twitter to sign up but I think Facebook would work as well
Makes sense since Sprint is a US company
I used a VPN and was able to set up the account using an American IP. After you've created the account there should be no issues streaming in Canada.
Aaaandd Tidal is a failure and Sprint made a stupid investment.
Is it going to be on tidal?
I've used TIDAL, Spotify, and Apple Music all pretty extensively and TIDAL is my favourite. I actually just deleted my Apple Music and moved everything over to TIDAL.I like the layout a lot more than any other service, I expected them to have a smaller catalog when I initially had it a year or so ago but I've found a lot of stuff that isn't available on Apple Music or Spotify, and I really love that u can individually favourite songs, artists, and albums. that's to say that if u favourite a song by an artist that u don't necessarily love, it won't make them one of your saved artists like Apple Music would (can't remember if Spotify does the same thing).
I love it but I'm about switch back to Apple Music (for like the 3rd time). Its fine for Rap but when i want to listen to some metallica or older metal bands and cant find discography its disappointing.
Compared to its competition, not well. But it's not a bad streaming service.
I like it for the layout, and the write-up/review it has for a lot of older/classic albums.
You have to do it while logged out and put it onto a *new* account once it prompts you to
Same it's just not working every time I try.
6 months. You'd better get it now or the offer may be gone in a few days. 
UI is better imo. Library is better because of the exclusives, plus you can access music videos. Sometimes they livestream concerts (like Chance's magnificent coloring day) and Kanye's fashion shows. You can't import your own music which kinda sucks. I also like the fact they pay the artist more, even if it's not that much
Ive used both and im back at spotify. I used a tidal trial for TLOP and while it is really similar to Spotify in a lot of ways, i found the libraries to be similar besides key exclusives (kanye, Jigga for example) I prefer spotifys UI. I never got used to Tidals but i used spotify for a year prior, and every time i tried to go back to an album from a song i fucked it up, or if i wanted to go back to the search bar, ect. I will say Tidal at the time sounded much better but since then spotify streams HQ as well so theyre pretty even there as well. I really like spotifys default playlists, especially for exploring new music and Tidal doesnt have that luxury. All things considered, theyre pretty much even and if Sprint would give me free tidal with my contract id switch over. The exclusives are the only difference and tbh i dont see tidal getting many more but we'll see what the future holds. It seems like all the really good exclusives are going to Apple Music, spotify has a good library and features, and tidal will probably get left in the dust if they dont innovate.
Tidal has alot of mixtapes that spotify or apple dont. Maybe its a placebo effect or w.e its called but the sound quality is better too.
Everyone is talking about the UI and libraries, but the thing that really sells me is how accessible and prominent their playlists are. Every day (almost) it seems they have a new playlist created by some prominent person or by tidal themselves that are put together really well.Spotify has these too, but if you're anything like me, when you're browsing playlists you don't always *know* the sort of thing you're looking for. Spotify has its daily mixes and discovery weekly and its other often updated things, but outside of the heavily advertised ones it's not quite so easy to just browse Featured playlists where with Tidal they have a whole section dedicated to them. They're constantly making essentials playlists for all kinds of genres and artists. They make great party playlists and bbq playlists and just I'm incredibly impressed by the way they handle playlists.Personally, I prefer Tidal to Spotify myself BUT there are two pretty big drawbacks fior me. The first is their Family plan is their base monthly fee PLUS 4.99 PER FAMILY MEMBER, where Spotify's is a single (cheaper) fee that gives you like 6 slots for family members (Tidal only gives 4). Second, Tidal isn't available via Google Home or Amazon Echo. I have my place set up so I can easily tell Alexa to play spotify music over whatever soundsystem in whatever room I'm in, but in order to make use of the feature I have to use Spotify or another service availbe on Amazon Echo. My brother has his place set up for Google Home and we set up our parents with Google Home as well so we just got a Spotify Family plan.
I prefer Spotify -- their radio is better, playlists are better, but this is free and I'm broke so Tidal wins for now.
I think Prince
[removed]
Yes works
[deleted]
pm me
VPN
Get a VPN and set it so that it says that you're in the US, there are a decent amount of chrome extensions that can do this if you don't want to download one separate to your browser.
How'd you get it to work? Whenever I enter sprint it just takes me back to the main homepage and nothing changes 
It doesn't require a card.
I'm in Norway, and it worked for me
Yup. I messed up and registered an account with my Facebook before inputting the voucher code so it didn't work for my Facebook. But it allowed me to use my twitter after I decided to input the code before registration. 
If you tap the lower bar where it shows the music playing it'll bring up another screen that has the shuffle option. Or you can go into settings and select shuffle
Prince is on Spotify tomorrow
Yeah it does for me. Make sure you actually downloaded the desktop app and aren't just streaming from the website
the appeal for me is lossless audio quality
Lemonade probably
As long as they don't have your credit card, they can't charge you for it. 
Yeah it says I have the maximum number of authorized accounts and won't let me download things for offline. 
Nope lmk if you find a solution
Click the menu in the top right corner, redeem voucher is in thereTook me a minute to find it too
180 days is 6 months
Also have this error
you probably already made a tidal acct with the email ur trying to enter. same thing happened to me
That's if the Sprint promo is still active 6 months from now
found jay z
fuck not working in canada finna try a vpn ill report backedit: https://www.reddit.com/r/hiphopheads/comments/5tftu3/tidal_6_months_free/ddma5x3/ works
Go to your local library. You might be surprised by their selection of CDs.
I don't do illegal downloads, but if an artist makes his or her music only available on fucking Tidal, I'm either not listening or downloading that shit. 
Why don't you wanna illegally download it if it's the only way you can reasonably listen to it (aside from now having this 6 months & subscribing to a whole music service for it)? If it's an issue of supporting the artist there are always more ways to support them (buy merch, buy a different album, ticket sales, etc.). Not saying you're in the wrong for thinking this, I just never understood the logic behind it.
If u wanna listen to it on Apple Music Just torrent it and add the files to your cloud music storage.
Be honest you don't know how.
Prince albums
Jay-z's albums
Anyone else remember when TLOP was only on TIDAL???
Prince
Glory- Lil Wayne (song from FWA)
COMPTON
The new Mos Def album is on there.
Free Weezy Album
Taylor Swift.
*iTunes
It only said invalid code for me when I was trying to add it onto an existing account. So it's only for new accounts.
Yeah I definitely went scorched earth right off the bat. People might only have to use chrome on iOS and a new account to get it working. The reason I went for the VPN/private browsing is if it doesn't work (but creates an account in the process) then that twitter/Facebook/email is used up.
Didn't have to do anything either, this is dope, canceling my spotify right now 
I guess so. But this deal is only being made available by a US cell phone provider so it makes sense that there might be a region restriction. 
same thing happening in Portugal. 
/u/Jezamiah i am also in UK and it worked for me. You have to use VPN or follow /u/swipe guide for it to work.
Not working for me eitherSource: am the USA 
annndddd i used a vpn in like 30 seconds
the past two have been, so idk possibly. i don't remember him signing a deal with apple to livestream his fashion line
I agree with this. I've used Spotify the past two years (discount from Sprint, ironically) and while it has everything, updates pretty quickly, has good features, my one problem is the playback. It just in no way compares to how good Tidal's playback is. When I tried the basic trial version of Tidal for a month, it blew my mind how much better it simply SOUNDED. It sounds leagues better than HQ streaming on Spotify. If I hadnt been getting Spotify basically for free over the past two years, I probably would have switched to Tidal right there. For my own music, I use iTunes, and Tidal STILL sounds better...even compared to music I rip from my CDs. I haven't done any research besides the simple ear test, but I can say the Tidal client is the best when it comes to purely listening to music. 
It's way better than Rhapsody (now Napster) though. Like they go out of their way to make wtf recommendations on their radio. Like I'll put in The White Stripes radio and somehow end up getting trap music recommended to me. That's probably the worst one. Apple Music on Android definitely needs more work too. Tidal gets the job done but they really need to improve the UI Z
I have Spotify for another month or 2 do you really think this will be gone in a few days? 
Their initial big selling point was uncompressed, lossless streaming. No way that's true, but there's definitely a noticeable difference. 
Spotify got Prince back today 
pm me too pls
pm'd
Is it to late to get help?
I did it through my phone's browser, I don't know if that makes a difference but it worked. 
Well, even less reason for me to try Tidal then. Thanks! 
Anything else? 
Anything else? 
Are you rooted or on a custom rom or anything?
thx it worked
fuck you're right. 
I had to do some mandatory community service when i was in high school, so I volunteered at the library for a few months. I was amazed by all the cool stuff they have there. I know libraries vary between places but mine has a lot of hip hop cds, vinyls, books, movies, etc. and its all free or cheap
So you do illegally download? Kind of contradicted yourself
It isn't only available on Tidal. You can buy the album on iTunes. Buying albums always seems to escape these discussions about streaming exclusives.
You could always just buy the album, streaming's not the only option
I'll hop in here.I used to download a ton of music illegally when I was in high school. 24 now and I'm trying now to only consume media through legal means. (...Game of Thrones is my one exception, I live in Canada)The way I see it, if you don't want to give me a reasonable way to listen to your music, then I'm not going to listen to it. This can really suck sometimes when artists go with apple exclusives or something (I use Google Play). But I noticed when I downloaded music before, I had the mindset that if I really enjoyed the album I would purchase it. But I ended up listening to too much music I liked and it just wasn't feasible. And at a point I would have moved onto something new and the cycle repeats. Artists will get my money (and attention) if I can listen to their music without jumping through hoops or paying out the ass.I'm still waiting for HBO Go in Canada, HBO! I WANT TO GIVE YOU MY MONEY!At the same time though I don't fault people for downloading music illegally when the options just aren't there.
... Because it's still illegal? 
Only until tomorrow.
Reasonable Doubt? 
No we all forgot
Only 90s kids
From tomorrow, Prince albums will be available on other streaming services.
Entire FWA is tidal exclusive no?
Sadly. It *really* sounds like he phoned that one in when he was half-asleep 
Whatever. It'll show up on your Apple music app 
huh, I'm not signed in on my phone or anything though 
fuck i just made a account (and got the 1 month free) then assumed i would type in the code after>life is unfaaaair
same thing happening in Romania. 
Tried a VPN but it won't work for me. I'm giving up anyway thanks for trying to help
Yeah, it sounds way better than spotify, I only have spotify because of PS4, but tidal is what I use 
>Tidal STILL sounds better...even compared to music I rip from my CDsUnless Tidal is doing something they shouldn't be doing to the stream (e.g., boosting track volume or using dynamic range compression to increase overall loudness), this is total placebo effect. Tidal's Hi-Fi/FLAC option should [theoretically] sound identical to a CD or a lossless rip of that CD.
Playlists are probably my favorite part about Tidal. I use the super underrated GPM usually and their radio is dope, but immediately after Pablo they had playlists with all of the samples from the album, and they put up a super fresh Prince Michael playlist when Prince passed. If they didn't keep fucking up and cancelling my membership and not reapproving my student discount I would've kept them. 
Why risk it? It's a subscription for 6 months
I wouldnt wait, but it's good for 6 months so... 
> Tidayes i use good headphones and i notice the difference
Today? I don't see anything. I thought it was tomorrow 
any word on if Apple Music is getting Prince's stuff tomorrow too?
i think that one lil wayne or ti mixtape or something idk
Nope, haven't done anything
My mom is a pirate and the local library has all the booty she could ask for. The library is an amazing place for music and movies, not just books!
Not to mention you can request literally *anything* in circulation in your library's city/county system if it's not available at that particular library and they'll have it delivered to your local library within a day or two.Source: Moms was a librarian. Gamed this system quite often. 
I'm here to represent r/vinyl and let you know that the plural form of vinyl is vinyl.  Have a good day.
>vinyls 
My nearby one has a few video games too. 
you smart
Or he didn't listen to it
He means he normally won't illegally download
he might buy the mp3s and download those
I'm not buying a Beyonce album when I don't know if it's gonna be good or not. Maybe one day when I'm not a broke student anymore, but right now that's reserved for albums I love or artists I love so much that I'm going to support them no matter what.
The two albums where I had the problem where TLOP and Lemonade. The first was not available to buy, so i downloaded it. Lemonade didn't interest me nearly enough to shell out the money for the full album out, so i actually haven't really listened to it. If I really care for an artist, of course I'll buy it. You will never see me download a Kendrick or Daft Punk album. But if I don't know beforehand that it's going to be good or I wanna support the artist and the artist releases it only through Tidal, I'm not buying the CD.
So are loads of things. Smoking Marijuana is illegal, taking Mushrooms is illegal. Legal and moral aren't always aligned.
Question, are you just that good of a person that you don't do illegal stuff or are you scared of the slight chance of getting caught up? Like I respect your position but fuck, if I want to listen to an album and it's on tidal, I'm downloading that shit no doubt and not feeling bad at all. Like the other guy said, a lot of better ways to support an artist that buying music, in which they don't even make most of their profit from. 
How come?
Is on spotify too.. I don't think Jay has any Tidal exclusives.
Damn hhh moves fast 
I just came 
Yeah it is. I never got the chance to listen to the rest of the album though 
I think the point was that you didn't need to have to subscribe to Apple Music to get it, since everyone can buy from the iTunes store. Not sure why /u/roblvb15 was downvoted.
Hm. Check if the tidal app is already signed in to an account and log out of it at the bottom of the settings screen. If that's not it then are you sure that the twitter/Facebook account you're trying to tie this 180 day trial to wasn't already used for a sign up?
Try from a new browser. It's browser cookies
same thing in Swaziland
2 10 2 10 we out there
You can use Spotify on PS4 for free
Yeah their playlists are fantastic. I only keep the subscription because of the student discount though no lie lmao. 
Tommorow*
I'll check it out, thanks
she got all the booty i could ask for too
pirate?
That's not gaming the system. It's just using it. 
happy cakeday and thanks for correcting me
good song on the aPROcalypse
Saying I don't != Sometimes but I don't actually care that much, it's just if you obviously do something you think is bad, don't try and hide it. Especially since 99% of people in this sub torrent albums
No one said he supported the law he just said he doesn't want to break it
I'm not, op might be. 
I know Spotify is getting Prince tomorrow, possibly other streaming services as well. 
Naw, Reasonable Doubt and all The Blueprints are not on Spotify.
The Blueprint (1) was pulled off Spotify like last summer. Isn't available for purchase on Google's Play Store either I don't think
He does in NZ took everything off except watch the throne
The blueprint isn't on spotify, I'm not sure about any others of his.
I remember hearing a couple of songs on spotify and then when I wanted to check it out in full it was gone haha
It's worth it. Pretty much all non auto tune rap
Thanks man, you're right my point was you have to use the iTunes app to get it
I'll figure it out, thanks trying to help tho bro 
Is this a Pitbull lyric chain
Same thing here up in North Korea
same thing in Mars
I know bro, I use it to convert playlists from Spotify to Tidal too
suck my colossal cock
Also Jay Z early albums.
gross ()
Think of bootlegging.
m8 it's downloading an album, no one is going to kick in your door and lock you up.
Ah, gotcha. If anyone wants to answer it, still wondering. 
....are you serious? How didn't i hear about this
Reasonable Doubt is still up here.. You are totally right on the Blueprints tho... only a few singles left.
Well fuck me.. I didn't even notice that.. as long as he doesn't remove Reasonable Doubt I am fine with spotify..
Really? Damn. Reasonable Doubt is one of my fave albums I'd hate to let that one go from my Spotify playlists... When did he pull his old tracks?
All 3 Blueprint albums were pulled last year apparently.. IZZO and some important singles are still there tho so who the hell cares.
Damn tidal sure doesn't mess around
Inb4 mods ban everyone
Sprint is not Mr. Worldwide
same thing for ***MR WORLDWIDE***
MR WORLDWIDE
Mr. Worldwide !! 
Uh, okay
im sorry that was uncalled for. i thought it was funny in the moment but it honestly was insensitive. it's all love out here man i apologize, i hope you have a good day
Imma shoot a bootlegger
Youd be suprised the number of cease and desist letters youll get from comcast tho 
Who the fuck said anything like thatDude just doesn't want to do it who gives a fuck
True. Likely no one will come after him. But, the point is they are making the personal choice to not do it.
Where have you been? I feel like I've read it in the rumor mill quite often for at least the last week. They just confirmed it maybe two days ago though.
I definitely don't see Reasonable Doubt on Spotify (US btw)
Are you in the U.S.?
Maybe a week after tidel came out
Or you know... Buy the album... Cheap motherfuckers 
Pls
? That shit was hilarious. Are you high or something?
Those are harmless, I've gotten a bunch. Comcast values your business and more than whatever your downloading
Maybe I'm just lucky then
Wow it's almost like I'm curious about the motivations of why this is. Like this is some sort of forum, for like, conversation or something?
It depends on the country, only ones missing from Jay Z is The Blueprints for me 
Germany
That's supposed to be the point of paying for spotify motherfucker
They temporarily shut off my internet access for downloading Up Down by T-Pain, I had to show proof that I deleted it before they would turn it back on ahaha
Yeah i tried tpb for awhile but eventually got threats that my Internet would be turned off, and comcast being my only option in my area i stopped and used spotify instead. No idea if other isp's track that kind of stuff though
Right but you're not asking why you're just being a cock about it
Ah, cuz U.S. doesn't have Reasonable Doubt
You're bitching because you can't have something you don't own. That's what you're saying. That's Spotify. Pay to rent songs. 
How the fuck has no single off Oxymoron gone Gold yet? That's quite astonishing...
Logic has been really good at building up a solid fanbaseOne release every year since 2009, plus strong social media presence. He could really go for the real mainstream next. 
>DOUBLE CERTIFIED WITH NO SINGLES
Wow a post about an award not going to Drake? This is new.This is pretty dope though even if it's Gold. Logic has got a loyal fanbase
Logic's *The Incredible True Story* is one of the better albums I've ever heard of 2015. Maybe it's Blum's narrative, or maybe it's the Alan Watt's monologue in the album's conclusion, but the artist's introspective lyricism and narrative storytelling is done well. Glad to see it certified Gold.**EDIT:** Edited to better convey my thoughts and correct error.
Album artist. Good for him though. Both albums are fantastic imo. 
Congratulations to Logic. He's been on the grind for a while, and I'm glad he's been really successful.Also, it doesn't surprise me that certain individuals came into this thread just to shit on the guy. HHH's hatred of Logic is so confusing. He seems like a legitimately good dude. I can understand if you don't like his music, but the vitriol he gets is weird.
I may not like the new direction he's going in but props to Logic for doing numbers. Never expected this out of him.
Good for him. MFs out here will still argue album sales make him more popular than Thug or Travis tho for some reason 
If I remember correctly Logic has been pretty pissed at Def Jam because of this. He's wanted a track of his to get to radio for a while but he's still doing well without it and that's credit to his fans who he always interacts with
Is this going to become the new Double Platinum w/ no features meme?
Logic really DOPE. I hope he gets more recognition. Really looking forward to his 3rd album. 
I don't like Logic's music
But he bites other people's styles! 
Tragic
Man of the Year should've gone 7x Platinum. It's a fucked up world.
Studio was the only *big* radio hit to come out of the album so that probably had some impact 
Break the bank was amazing 
I'm pretty surprised Studio didn't go gold (but I'm also lowkey happy because I think that's his worst song)
WHAT? Was expecting the streams will do well for his previous hit songs like Man of the Year, Collard Greens and Studio
If it's any consolation, streaming ensures that pretty much every moderately popular album will go Gold or Platinum someday.
I think that's a sign that the label dumped promotion dollars behind it but it still didn't catch
Cause Oxymoron wasn't that good compared to the album's Logic dropped.
never gonna happen
Pls no
what's funny is people might actually start saying this
A new meme has been born!
WHO ELSE CAN CREATE TWO ALBUMS THAT YOU CAN LISTEN ALL THE WAY THROUGH WHERE EVERY SONG IS A SINGLE 
Hes a fucking good artist. Dope lyrics, dope beats, tells a story within his music. How could you not like him
1st, this isn't an award and 2nd, another thread that has nothing to do with Drake and drake is brought up. How cliche.
A lotta people hated on it bc it just wasnt what they expected and they didnt look much at what it was actually doing. Def one the best projects that year imo. Genuinely impressed by what the concept allowed him to do and how well he executed it. 
Not to be a dick or anything but listen to more music 
also... album came out in 2015
your downvotes are prob coming from the kind of odd phrasing of your first sentence, sort of making it sound like you think that *the incredibly true story* is your favorite album ever> Logic's The Incredible True Story is one of the best albums I've ever heard...> ...of 2016i know what you meant but i also understand the confusion
Dude I can respect your opinion but I've had this discussion so much on here and I think that album is provably his worst work and displays all his flaws full force.
The Internets hate on Logic is essentially he looks white, bites artists and loves to rap about his biracial background and upbringing.His biting of other artists is the only reasonable thing they can possibly diss him on. Even with that dude makes good music so it doesnt really matter. If dudes can have ghostwriters and its not a problem, rappers should be able to bite others or at least be heavily inspired by them imo.
man I feel like I see you in every thread about Logic, always angry about people who hate Logic, even when nothing is wrong.every thread is bound to have a few negative people, bro you got to chill out
What new direction?
Def Jam did Under Pressure dirty, altho his first single was a straight hip hop song and altho dope af, not something to put on the radio, they could have put Bured Alive on the radio tho.. But with TITS he didnt seem to give a fuck about singles
Might be true, be for whatever reason he os still VERY unique, I think its his charisma
Collard greens was pretty big
Wasn't man of the year on that album?
that beat is ridiculously good 
so was Yay Yay. when i saw Pro Era play that song live (they literally just jumped around on stage and let it play) it was unbelievably hype
Qs worst song is studio???
Iits not great but it's a good song to just have on in the background
Umm... no?
Ahhh the downvotes from Drake fans smh
Care to elaborate or? 
I mean Flexicution broke the hot 100, and Sucker For Pain was huge I think it's just a matter of time 
Erm, he is pretty mainstream already, the next step is truly just being full on mainstream
I am the greatest was the song for the NBA playoffs last year
He's gotten better at it, but his mixtapes were mostly about him talking about how good he is at rapping. Shit can get annoying. I still bump that shit though, he is very talented. 
>How could you not like himCould start with how his album wasnt up to par with anything hes ever put out? At the end of the day people are allowed preferences im sure theres plenty of reasons not to like logic...
he's the definition of mediocrity imo, i feel like he's what happens when ur average high school kid wishes to a genie that he becomes famous lmao, it constantly blows my mind how many people find his music impressiveedit: i dont want to personally respond to everybody so im just gonna say herelogic is definitely an above average rapper when you take into account soundcloud artists and local acts in ur town, but i dont see what makes him stand out. i personally know plenty of people who have more impressive technical abiltiy, and more thought provoking subject matter. he's a lunch table tapper imo, he raps fast and has a formula to freestyle the same thing basically forever so he can kinda fool you, but being exposed to a wider variety of artists should make the picture clear that he really isn't anything special
because hes the most generic artist out right now. If I want lyricsm, Ill turn to Lupe or Joey or Kendrick. Logic can't touch any of them.
Because there's many people who just do it better? 
The joke is that the majority of posts like these are about Drake breaking some new record
I was making fun of the fact that this sub always upvotes random obscure records that Drake breaks. Straighten out those panties boi
I don't think the concept was that fully fleshed. I think he could have pulled it together better but overall it was a fucking solid album IMO.
I listen to plenty of music. I'm not calling *The Incredible True Story* the best work I've ever heard -- it certainly has it's flaws -- I'm just acknowledging it as a stellar piece. If I had to list my favorite works, *Madvillainy* by MF DOOM x Madlib, *None Shall Pass* & *Appleseed EP* by Aesop Rock, and *channel ORANGE* by Frank Ocean would be near the top of the list.
I honestly don't know why people in this sub upvote these pretentious comments. 
What? Fuck off with backhanded comments like this man, getting upset over who likes what music is actually retarded
It's a pretty damn bad album imo.
Thanks for the comment. Edited to clarify my thoughts.
What are those flaws?
Did anything I said make you think I wasn't already chilled out?
His music costs money now 
Logic has said that Def Jam under shipped his debut album too. I tend to believe him considering his next album sold like 60K more first week a year later with no big singles. 
I was being sarcastic. People here constantly shit on him for biting flows and they never acknowledge that he's actually a good artist. Nice to see he's getting some praise for a change. 
Big RADIO hit though.Like, Collard Greens was big on rap radio stations and at parties.But Studio? I even heard that a few times on the pop radio stations here in Chicago.
It wasn't super popular unfortunately 
It's a shame Alchemist's beat on Hoover Street got stuck behind sample clearance, shit is insane.
yeah the lyrics are so lame and the beat is so weak. like BJ's hook though
this argument is garbage
what does Drake even have to do with this
I would think drake fans would be logic fans over ScHoolboy 
What more could you possibly need? I'm sold.
I don't know too many artists who are underground / indie for a while then blow up mainstream.Closest person to it I can think of off top is Mac Miller, and even still he can't really be considered mainstream. I guess maybe schoolboy q, but is he mainstream? or did he just have 3 charting singles?Most the time you come into the game with pop appeal or you don't. Ace Hood didn't need to grind he just came out with bugatti. Future didn't need to grind he just dropped hits.Nothing wrong with having a core fanbase but as they are way more loyal. Those fans ride or die with you till you can't rap no more. But when you backing is 100% backpacker indie you have to accept the fact that you are a niche rapper.
If G-Eazy, MGk or gnash made it in the pop world and hit top 10, Logic will definitely be next in line
Yeah exactly. Logic is very popular
He has to go top 40 mainstream for that, it did well for him in his feature in Sucker for Pain, with his next album on the way and white rappers like G-Eazy and MGK getting a shot for pop success, Logic will be the next big one, he has the potential for it.
Fair enough
Also his fans
So because his album wasn't as good as the rest of his stuff, that's a reason not to like him?HHH logic is astounding sometimes.Edit: As usual, Redditors fail to actually *read* comments. 
you dont find his music even remotely skillful or impressive? seems to me like you havent heard much from him
I'm an avid Logic fan, but even I can understand that sometimes his material can feel stagnant. As far as technical ability, he has it. I believe he's also improved on creating overall songs in a much more organized, diverse fashion. With that said, I see many of the same topics and subjects incorporated in his songs. That's not always a bad thing, but it's noticeable, and I believe any Logic fan could point that out.But either way, I'm happy for him and his success, and I'll continue being a fan. 
He has plenty of great tracks and is a solid rapper. No worse than J Cole really.
I'm a Logic Stan so I'm definitely a bit biased, but mediocre is pretty far from the truth. His lyricism brings a lot to the table. His flow is pretty versatile. I respect your opinion, but you just sound uninformed.
Ironically most of the records he breaks aren't posted here.
I think it's concept was pretty unique, so i cant say theres an album that does what it does or handles what it handles better. Id call it subtle rather than not that fleshed out. 
Thats not really diverse guy. You just named two underground rap albums then frank ocean. What else tho guy???
Your the upset one famo check yourself 
I liked it a lot :)
That's your opinion, TITS was top 5 albums for me last yesr
Generic flow generic production and boring lyricsDude needs to ditch Six. City of Light, Nikki, Alright, Ballin are his best songs. But for most of his work there's no emotion behind it. 
yeah fam, it always seems like you got a chip on your shoulder when it comes to Logic
Eh his last 2 tapes were better than both albums imo 
>Much love to Def Jam, even though they under shipped me  Did me like Bobby did Whitney, but the fans was with me  Know my name around the world but it still ain't hit me  All the talent in the world and they still don't get me  
In the Bay Area studio, collered greens, and man of the year all got pop radio play. Maybe not like on the stations where they play various years' pop hits but I heard all 3 songs on the top 40 station
Really? I remember hearing it on pop radio quite a few times, I would have assumed it was one of the more popular songs from Oxymoron.
What?? Man of The Year is Q  more popular song on Spotify got like 10 millions plays more than Collard Greens 
and what radio stations were playing Man Of The Year? the chorus and verses are pretty profane meaning the radio would have butchered it
got a link to the OG? i didn't even know about thatlove your flair btwEdit : I feel the same way about *Find a Topic* off The Sun's Tirade. I got into the album a couple months after it dropped and had no idea there was a different version from the one on the album until I saw someone on here mention it. Now it's one of my favorite Zay songs but idk how to get a good quality version of it onto my Apple Music library 
His catchiest song to date
Lyrics are lame but beat is not weak. Catchy af
you could have said a different song :/ studio isnt bad
Its not great but its a good song to just completely ignore as i do something else while it plays in the background 
Just making an assumption that's all 
>Future didn't need to grind he just dropped hits.horrible example. Future fucking grew up in the dungeon.
Wtf Ace Hood had an album and 4 mixtapes before Bugatti even dropped
seems to me like you don't know what backpacker or indie means
Kendrick Lamar was undergroud/indie for awhile. You act like he didn't drop OD and Section. 80. Drake had 3 mixtapes and a solid fanbase. J.Cole had the Come Up, the Warm Up, Friday Night Lights. Even Chance, and Wiz Khalifa and Kid Ink and fuck I could go on forever. I don't know that I've ever seen a more incorrect statement than saying nobody is underground/indie for awhile before blowing up. 
I wouldn't really class Logic as THAT indie, sure he does his own sort of thing, but a lot of it is inspired from current or really old hip hop. I think he definitely has the ability to drop mainstream hits, but whether he will or not is another thing. I also wouldn't say Logic only has a 'backpacker' fan base, whatever the fuck that actually means. I'm a pretty big Logic fan but like far more older hip hop than current with exceptions of Joey, Mac, Vince and few others...
> I don't know too many artists who are underground / indie for a while then blow up mainstream.Well Logic is signed to Def Jam so...
you need to explain backpack rap cuz logic fans are very logic fans to know what backpacking is
Are we really grouping Logic with those guys though 
it's not really though? they don't like an artist because one album wasn't as good as the rest? 
Except that was just a reason I gave? I legit went and said there's other reason to not like him. 
there's a fuckton of reasons to dislike logic, don't talk like your opinion is final and that logic is just the ultimate rapper with no flaws
There's a lot of blind hate on Logic here on HHH. It's almost weird how much people go out of their way to shit on him.
Seems to me like you have low standards
yeah its not like i wish he wasn't successful, its just very intriguing to me how much of a cult following he has cuz i dont get it!!!cheers
i dont think he sounds uninformed, i think he just has what you said you respected, an opinion.saying mediocre is pretty far from the truth makes him seem like one of the greatest rappers, but Logic is pretty average> His lyricism brings a lot to the tableehh.. it really doesn't. i mean, if you check/listen to his lyrics, its not like there's a lot of figurative language or any techniques to make his music a little more composite. Logic's lyrics are pretty face-level and standard, he says what he wants to say with nothing deeper than surface level.also he has a set of topics that he always raps about with rarely any change.  obviously he's improved, but its nearly always- im the best rapper, i have a sick flow, im the greatest/realest- im half black- something about backpack or VMG- used to be broke, now im not- working hard, being on the come up- something about fame, people knowing his namehe also says the same things about his family* so much that its becoming uninteresting. it seems like he can not focus on one specific topic, he always strays and starts speaking about unrelated and/or fruitless things. things that have meaning but are meaningless.. like he's saying *something*, but he's not really *saying anything*. like he was supposed to make a concept album with The Incredible True Story but he couldn't stick with it and it was very disappointing
I wouldn't call it subtle. Most of the dialogue from the narrative was pretty ham-fisted. I've seen concept albums both in and outside of rap pulled off better, but this album has heart. It's a very genuine piece, which is what makes it solid.
Maybe that's the style of music he digs the most chill lmao
Lmao my man needs to chill 

>That's your opinion, TITS was top 5 albums for me last yesrObviously that's his opinion. He literally put imo at the end of his comment
Really? That's my opinion? It's as if I said imo at the end to signify that it was my opinion.
What bothers me is how people say he has a dope flow when the majority of what he does is just double time all the time. That's not creative or that impressive. I think people like young thug have way more creative flows than simply rapping fast 
6ix is a very solid producer though.
> Dude needs to ditch SixYou mean 6ix? How can you not fuck with his production?
It's cool. You can block me if you don't like my posts. It's pretty easy.
It was but not as much as Studio unfortunately
It peaked at 62 when Studio hit top 40, peaking at 38. 
[Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kHhOfdLpKCg)I agree with you on Find a Topic, was smooth as hell before they had to tweak it.
Lol why would he say a different song if he thinks Studio is his worst
>the song's good when you completely ignore it     
that doesnt make sense though, Drake fans arent the only people that like Qlisten to Oxymoron again, its a really grimy album
I don't agree with the guy you were responding to but tbf most backpackers tend to listen to primarily older rap too 
Words
it's because they're white man, sub is so annoying like that 
Logic: Guys I'm black.White people: Wow best white rapper.Black people: Sorry don't listen to corny white rappers.Dude says he's black in 90% of his songs. He's also grew up in DMV section 8s. Harder life than many out here right now.
Sure, but your reason specifically seems idiotic.You didn't like one album as much as the rest of his stuff, so all of a sudden you don't like *him*?Insane.
Calm the fuck down, son, and read my reply one more time before you respond.I never said there were no reasons to dislike Logic. Of course he (like any other artist) has flaws.I simply said that disliking him because one project wasn't as good as his others is fucking stupid. That's like saying, Oh, The Life of Pablo wasn't as good as the rest of Kanye's discography, so now I dislike him.Again, read in full before you make some stupid comment that makes no sense.
It's almost weird until you remember his skin color and think about all the white kids who listen to hip-hop and try to forget they're white. Seeing Logic looking like a white dude makes them want to separate themselves from him so they can seem more authentic to the culture (aka not white)
[deleted]
damn youre just all over this thread arent ya..
Probably because of all his annoying ass dickriders in youtube comments and shit 
I was kind of with you until you said he talks about his family too much. If you've heard this dudes life story, he doesn't talk about it at ALL enough IMO. So much interesting shit going on in his childhood I would love to listen to an album only based around that
It's easy to break down the topics any rapper touches upon to make them sound mundane. Recent trends have been:-Lean-Bitches-Money-Guns-WeedPeople will jizz their pants over a Future album that literally only speaks on the topics above, and with the same breath say that Logic is stale with his subjects. It just doesn't add up. I can see what you mean about the concept album, though. I wish it would have gone further in depth instead of adding in irrelevant songs to the story.
Nah its subtlety is in its concept. In its symbolism and the multiple perspectives. 
Don't even say imo. 
People like young thug are also built mainly on their interesting flows, Logic has a lot more focus on lyrics, so ya I'd expect young thug to have better flows.
I dunno I'm just not as impressed with it as Logic's old stuff. It's nothing that hasn't been done before. And it's definitely not a refinement of it either. Imo he needs to do something new, Bobby Tarantino could have been that if he had new producers. It sounded like a hash of boring bay area beats except for two songs. 
why though? im not hating on you famyou seem cool every other time, just really on edge whenever Logic is mentioned
That can easily be because there were fewer competing songs when Studio dropped. Man of The Year can still be more popular than Studio but not chart as high.
thanks man
so he wouldn't hurt redditor_inbound's feelings
studio is good :( nice username btw
I guess that makes me a back packer then. Whatever it means haha 
you need to explain words cuz words fans are very words fans to know what words is
Logic and G-eazy are pretty similar and even toured together I don't think it's because they're white lmao 
Logic is as white as J. Cole, Drake, and Barack Obama.
I dont think is that, their fanbases are the people to say  I dont listen to rap but I like G- Eazy and Logic. 
Logic is mixed
You're angry at me for my opinion.Insane!
It's pretty clear you're overly defensive when you respond to someone saying his last album was kinda meh with SO THAT MEANS HE SUCKS??? WOW THIS SUB SOMETIMES
People say the exact same things about Big Sean and J. Cole. I think HHH needs to seriously chill with the racial shit. 
except he never even stated that he himself was a fan, he was just observing that people have very skewed opinions against him in general on this sub.
Yes, I've made a few comments in this thread.
Don't all artists have annoying ass dickriders on YouTube?
that would be cool i meant that he hasnt opened up about his family enough, as in he talks about the same stories without going much further or delving deeper. thats when it becomes uninteresting imo
Because Future isn't trying to be overly lyrical or deep or shit, so he gets a pass. Logic clearly cares about his lyrics and they always fall short 
oh foh here with that shitthis isnt a facebook comment section. im so tired of this most rappers just talk about bitches and money argument. no one was speaking about any of these types of rappers in the first place, but you still feel the need to bring them up because, what, you feel it validates Logic? **just because there are other bad rappers doesnt make a Logic a better one**.why are you even comparing Future and Logic? **Future is a trap artist**. they make completely different music, and have a completely different audience and niche. also just because Future sings/raps about drugs doesnt make him a bad artist smfh. you realize music is more than just wordplay, and also that music is subjective right? Future makes appealing music. people like his music. let it be and move onPusha T and Freddie Gibbs rap about cocaine *a lot*. but they talk about these things in lyricism that is deeper than surface level and very eccentric beats (Push's beats are unique from all others: Lunch Money, Numbers On The Board, etc; Freddie Gibbs often gets the help of legendary producers like Madlib). Logic keeps his lyrics not much more than what you hear. 6ix and Logic not only don't make pretty generic beats, but they even sometimes blatantly copy others. he did this a bit on Bobby Tarantino. you *should* be comparing Logic to other rappers in his lane. when compared to these rappers, Logic can be seen as a fairly mediocre rapper. to many, he pales in comparison to other rappers in his group. oh, and most importantly, **Logic raps about money, weed, lean, and women too**. He might rap it in a faster pace, over a different beat, and using his own flow, but he stills speaks about these things. also arguably one of his biggest song has references to lean (Under Pressure talks about Robitussin). **he's talked about getting high/smoking weed, and drinking lean a few times, and bitches and money many times.**
why not? apparently adding imo was so important that the guy responding to him repeated it
That is a good point, his subgenre of hip hop has a focus on lyrics, but I don't think his lyrics are more than mediocre compared to those that are in the top of his group. Logic is not more a decent artist in my eyes but I think his appealing sound and relatability  leave him potentially primed to be one of the faces of the real rap demographic in the next 5 years. He also is a very good preformer, great crowd control and interaction, and actually preforms over his instrumentals instead of with backing tracks, like a lot of artists in the young thug lane happen to do. 
honestly he hasn't impressed me too much in terms of wordplay or lyricism either
I guess it just bugs me that certain artists (not just Logic) get hated on here like an epidemic.
Their music isn't really similar at all fam. Paak toured with Tiller, their music is not alike at all. 
every fucking thread
Idk, I'm a fan of both and I listen only to hip hop
I know that but he doesn't look it
I'm not angry, I'm baffled. Just because someone thinks your opinion is stupid doesn't make them angry.
I didn't disagree with his album being kind of meh. Again, read, man.
[deleted]
the only fanbases that rival Logic's fanbase's headassery are Eminem's and J.Cole's
Yes I agree, and he mostly just talks about how his dad and brothers are black
You critiqued the mediocrity of Logic from what he sings/raps about, but it's not cool if I do it for Future? Oh, word. Also, I don't give a shit if someone raps about bitches, money and drugs. I listen to a wide variety of artists, many of which only rap about the above topics. I was showing you how breaking down an artist's lyrics in the way you did can make anyone seem as if they lack depth. You are arguing about points I'm not even making. Come on, homie. I'm trying to make this easy to comprehend. 
I agree, he is not lyrically impressive
Yeah that's true but they have a similar target audience, most people who like g eazy like logic although alot of logic fans don't like g eazy
Doesn't make it less true
Sad!
Have you seen Kanye West stans before?
> You critiqued the mediocrity of Logic from what he sings/raps about, but it's not cool if I do it for Future?did you read what I said man? **Future is a trap artist. they make completely different music, and have a completely different audience and niche.** would you compare **Migos and Kendrick**? Young Thug and Joey Bada$$? 21 Savage and J. Cole? Chief Keef and Jay Z? look how stupid that sounds> Also, I don't give a shit if someone raps about bitches, money and drugs.then why would you bring it up? you're backpedalling on your whole argument with that> I was showing you how breaking down an artist's lyrics in the way you did can make anyone seem as if they lack depthbut you can't compare the lyrics of Lil Uzi Vert and then the lyrics of Talib Kweli and judge them based on that. completely different focuses and styles.
when categorizing him, nobody sees him as black
Logic stans are just as bad, but there's a few less of them
Not trying to invalidate your opinion, but 2 questions. One, what lane exactly does he fit in? He's closer to the Cole's and Joey's but I feel like he's fairly different as well. He rarely sticks to any one style. Two, to break him down to this degree, did you want to prove why you don't like him, or why he's not a good rapper in general? I read what you said about Push, in that he has a clear lane but at least he sets himself apart lyrically. But someone who flat out didn't like him could say he's surface level, talks about the same shit, etc. I'm a fan of Logic saying this, but I deff feel that he focuses more on individual lines than whole songs. I have a higher opinion of TITS than most on the sub I'm assuming, but his mixtape songs were better for sure, where select lines catch you more often than whole songs
I don't know how I can further break this down in a way you can understand. I was showing you the flaw in your system of judging lyrical diversity. The artist I picked has zero relevance, neither does the genre. I brought up the whole drugs and money thing to illustrate my point further, I'm not back-pedaling. If you don't get that after this comment, I'm just going to have to let this one go. 
Finally. Now, if Carti, Smino, and X wanna drop their tapes that'd be great. 
Nav looks exactly like me when I was chubby in high school and it fucks me up every time I see him lmao
I don't think this is gonna be the tape with Metro but i'm excited regardless 
https://twitter.com/theweeknd/status/830595154692091904looks like The Weeknd has a feature on it, excited as fuck
Don't get the hype for this guy at all, doesn't seem to bringing anything new. But Metro can do no wrong.
Something inside of me doesn't believe this one bit
Wtf TIL Nav released a tape in 2016
Is he gonna pour another 8 in a litre
all the dudes in this picture look like knockoff dj khaleds
Thank you god
I love Nav. Too hyped
I haven't really gotten into him yet, any recommendations?
Is Nav Indian? If he is, he could be the first Indian rapper to blow up in the US. I don't really count Heems' success as blowing up, and I don't know any other popular Indian rappers. He's already been co-signed by a lot of big names, he's been featured on a Hot 100 song, he has a project coming out with arguably the biggest producer in the game, all before he releases his debut project.
Yessss
I'm so hyped for this. I don't think there's a nav song that I don't like
fkkk yes stoked for this to drop. Ten Toes Down, Take Me Simple and his beibs feature are way too clean
Brown Boys coming up strong in Feb 
[are we just gonna ignore dj Khaled with dreads](http://i.imgur.com/T9NCAHL.jpg)
Thought the title said Nas about to drop his debut project haha. But anyways, im interested to see what kind of reception an Indian dude (he is Indian right?) saying nigga all the time will get. 
Yes need some new Nav
Wait this guys Indian and says the n-word?
I didn't really like him all that much when I heard him on Birds, somehow seeing what he looked like and contrasting it with what he rapped about made him unbearable to me .He can keep that shit for me lmao
this dudes straight garbage
I'd love a new Smino project. blkjptr was dope
X better drop his tape as soon as he's free or else I'm gonna put his ass back in jail. As for carti, he's lazy as hell and doesn't do shit tbh. He's dope as hell and has the opportunity to do major things with people like Rocky but he's lazy as fuck. 
X has like 9 tapes or some shit that he says he's gonna release lmao
but xxxtentacion already has 6 tapes, smino has 2* too, they wont be debuts
post pic of you nowalso post high school pic
I feel like it could be the metro tape, but either way I'm excited if its all new material 
YES
I mean it'd be weird if he didn't considerung they're both on XO
he just has catchy songs 
The wheel doesn't need to be reinvented every year
Lol and what new things does Metro bring?
If he's been hanging with Travis then fk no chance 
You should check it out, it's on Spotfiy, and it's pretty great!
tbqh Nav looks like a highschooler trick-or-treating as DJ Khaled
Checkout his mixtape on Spotify, it's called The Introduction and has pretty much every song he's made.The stand-out songs to me from it are, Nothing on You, She Know, Fell in Love, Myself, The Man, and Up.Up is by far my favourite Nav song, it's produced by Metro Boomin!
isn't M.I.A Indian?
He is. Punjabi to be specific.
That's Belly. Check him out if you haven't. His diction is 
He's like the original DJ Khaled for me. I knew about Belly before Khaled I guess he was more popular in Toronto than other places 
He is from Toronto. Almost everyone who from there says nigga. It's not really a big deal in the most multicultural city in the world 
Who cares lol 
wait x has 6 tapes? what are they called?
They gotta release those new debuts
Yea metro can work fast
He has like one song that he's made 12 different times 
Love his dark and moody sound
Lmao this sub. Why you gotta inflate what I said that much? This man is just boring af to me so I don't understand the hype. My standards aren't Tupac level
He's signed to xo though which is pretty consistent with release dates.
[Are you talking about this?](https://open.spotify.com/artist/79ys0VWMEtgMyo4nFZw5Ey)Thats not the same NAV lol
I forgot about her, but I'm pretty sure she's Sri Lankan.
I'm a brown dude in Toronto with a bunch of brown friends, that's not even true at all. 
A lot of people care lol
Ice Hotel EPThe FallMembers Only, Vol.1 Members Only, Vol. 2ItWasntEnoughWilly Wonka Was A Child Murdereras for links, i got his discog off /r/xxxtentacion, complete with soundcloud files and deleted files
need links too
It's not hard when your beats are formulaic.
exactly I was really digging him at first. Then one day I was playing his songs in the whip and everyone in the car was like who the fuck is this guy change it he's mad back. It's all the same shit and for some reason thats when I had the realization it really is every song didn't fuck with me back then but now I'm hot bean this bean that. I couldn't take his music seriously afterwards 
but he's influenced by oVo
Nope. Talking about this: https://open.spotify.com/album/68QlAuiwGxT72anm52dqsE
Okay it can still be true
Well a lot of people don't care either. Look at the thread on the beibs in the trap video, everyone on the thread was defending him 
can someone tell me how to pronounce this dudes name? rn i keep reading it as ex ex ex tent action but that seems wrong
Don't trust you
any comment chain about metro is gonna at some point have this type comment lmao
Exactly lmao
It was the opposite for me. I always knew his music was shitty and the same. I just came to love his shitty same sound because he is the only person who makes music that generic and the flow is good.Nav music is for hype only there is no substance in it
damn i couldnt find this wtf, thanks manedit: its not really official but still sick getting these songs in hq >For those that dont already know about NAV, a young up and coming emcee/producer from Toronto, heres a dope introduction. I put together a mixtape of all the songs hes released up until this point. You wont find these songs in high quality online because NAV sent them to me. 
People defend Trump, doesn't mean Trump doesn't matterAlso just because people on an internet forum defend a guy doesn't mean it doesn't matter either, it's still wack.
White 12 year olds online shouldn't really have a say in whether it's chill or not though...
X x x tent ah see on
ex ex ex tentacion
Let's get it over with. He's still an iconic producer, one of the best.
It still doesn't matter imo. I don't see the problem.
I'm not a white 12 year old. 
He is the greatest of all time 
TARS let's take the jerk level down to a toasty 70%
Nav is an acceptable producer
I'm serious 
I respect your opinion, music is subjective, that's the beautiful thing. 
Spoiler alert: he dies at the end
Why they calling it 2Pac and Biggie when Biggie was in for ~1 second assuming that's even him.
Is this the same movie that was being plugged on Instagram? In any case, this movie looks dope. Superb production. Really wish we could get the rap cinematic universe be a thing
Why is there camera shake all over this. It's really jarring.
I cant stand how uggo tupac looks in this biopic  when he was the first real Pretty Boy Flacko.
Does the movie have his music license? I haven't heard his music in any of the trailers. A movie can't work without his music. 
Can't wait for this. Tupac been one of my favourite rappers, this is long overdue
I need mike to tell me how I should feel about this
dope, my (and Pac's) birthday!
Wow this actually looks like it could be good
This shit is shakin more than my grandma :(
Is the whole movie going to be like the trailer? Not the story but the weird fucking camera thing. It's almost like they track motioned they fucking faces so it follows them wherever they move. What a fucking weird choice if it's intentional. Edit: After a few rewatches it almost looks like they did it on purpose. Dealbreaker for me tbh. 
 this releases on his bday and its mine too! 
Is it the life story about tupac??? waiting for june 16th..
I remember looking up who I shared a birthday with when I was a kid in the National Geographic Records Book and it was some semi-famous golfer. I was always super disappointed that I didn't share a birthday with anyone famous until I really got into hip-hop. I was listening to Hot 97 on June 16th and heard all about 2Pac's birthday. I've never been happier, even though sharing that date is meaningless. RIP 2Pac, this film's looking good.
this alright but im waiting for the J Cole DOCUMENTARY. Cmon sony, give the PEOPLE what they want
Lol who tf downvoted the thread 
a thug and a poet. Ah, Drake before Drake was great inthe 90s
WHAT
Lol good one, next you're going to tell me Pablo dies at the end of Narcos
It's the same actor who played Biggie in Notorious, so most likely him. Dunno why they named the trailer that
That's called real life fam
Bruh I deadass just commented something super similar then saw this
to make the actor look more like pac
He's probably coming out some new music for this from Cuba. 
HOW SWAY?! 
Lol good one, next you're gonna tell me Bruce Willis dies at the end of Sixth Sense
>Dunno why they named the trailer that Clicks
so we finna have a Rap Cinematic Universe now?
hiphop biopic cinematic universe?
Ha, i saw. It starts with Notorious, Straight Outta Compton, and now this - I got high hopes
Also just noticed the 1 second he is in is also the thumbnail instead of 2pac.I can already tell they are going to shoehorn him in needlessly.
I'm with it.
Doesn't master p have a movie like this coming g out as well?
A Snoop movie with Keith Stanfield? Sign me the fuck up!
I hope not.Let's get a J Dilla, ODB or Big L movie.
Why not? No limit records was lit as hell back in the day
Damn... now I'm killin for an ODB pic. Not to discredit the others I should add.I'd love a Wayne or Eminem movie while we're at it. Obviously we have 8 Mile but moreso a movie showing his rise to fame and battles with it, Em has a truly prolific tale of an anti-establishment fuelled career. Also Wayne has some crazy fuckin tales im sure, considering he's been signed and rapping since he was like 9
> I hope not.please stop 
HOP OUT DROP TOP FUCK YALL TALMB^NEEEE^RIIIIIIII^NOWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW
Cool, I just told all my uncles!
Black Beatles is tight but I honestly think Swang is my favorite track from the album. I went through a phase for most of them but when that Travis Scott remix came out I realized how good the original was and it's been my fav since then. 
If it's not the Travis version I don't care.
good move, that's a hot track
WHEREISDOYOGAYALL SAID THAT SHIT WAS COMING SIX MONTHS AGO WTFI MEAN LOOK AT THIShttps://m.youtube.com/watch?v=P-GONSsltX4FUCKING PINEAPPLE LOOKING ASS
They say where you get them boogers in your fangsYou know I had to hit up Johnny Daaaaaang
I wanna get this framed on my wall. It works 10x better as a tweet rather than a Reddit post though.
Great. I told your uncles too
it was always the standout track for me, kinda wish they pushed it well before the other songs.
Black Beatles would be like my 5th. Real Chill, Swang, Look Alive and Shake It Fast are all better
Birds was a good album
Same. I heard Travs version first then went back to listen to the original and didn't make it through the whole song.
No wonder he likes pineapples so much, he is one. spongebobs house lookin ass
Yes
My aunts even know about it now. Man my uncles really are tellin everyone
They didn't push any song properly at first. I think they weren't really finished the album or more so the selection when Look Alive debuted as a lead.
u r wrong
tru
nah travis version was horrendous 
Please don't do this.
lol no it wasn't
it wasn't but original >>>
nah
I have no doubt that it will be considering it is a first for the industry. It's already a historic move by an organization that is sorely in need for modern change, but him winning will be another step towards that even if he just wins one. As the article says>Chance is an anomaly in an industry that's still finding its path through a digital transition. Rather than be the exception to the rule, maybe a successful Grammy night would make him the new model in the industry. It's too much to put the future of one 23-year-old's shoulders, but maybe, like his music, Chance can be a blueprint for real, positive progress.Also>Consider also that the record for the most Grammys won in one night are eight by Michael Jackson and Santana. This is followed by a five-way tie for six in one night.He can't win all 7 that he was been nominated for, even though it's rather neat that he has enough nominations to do it, but that would've been doubly historic to win the second most in one night.He is up for- Best New Artist- Best Rap Performance (No Problem)- Best Rap/Sung Performance (Ultralight Beam)- Best Rap Song (No Problem & Ultralight Beam & Famous)- Best Rap Album (Coloring Book)I have no doubt the sub will complain about his winning over Paak and he has to win somehow in Best Rap Song with 3 nominations, and I would not be surprised at all if he beats out Views or TLOP for Best Rap Album either if the rest of the night goes his way. People say Drake will win most of the categories but I wouldn't underestimate the Grammy's pushing to continue Chance's no-label narrative, not that that's a bad thing.
Is chance the Rapper the La La Land of the Grammys? Meaning that people liked him/it a lot in the beginning but now that they've received a shit ton of praise, people are calling them overhyped and overrated.
The fact that Chance has a legitimate shot at winning Best Rap Album is pretty big. The only real competition for that one is him, Drake, and Kanye. As much as I'd like to see ScHoolboy Q win a Grammy here, I know he won't. Khaled and DLS definitely aren't winning either.Chance's fame is weird to me right now. He's never released a normal album, has never had a top 40 single, yet he might win a couple of Grammys tomorrow. I wonder where he'll go from here.
That's amazing, I hope he continues to be great. He might be the straw that breaks the industry's back. A lot of established artists such as Lupe Fiasco and Joe Budden are finding success as indies. It's about time that an artist that was independent from the start takes over. A record deal is essentially a bad loan anyway. Streaming is king and selling CD's is dead. Put your music out for free and make all your money from touring and merch. It's the ultimate way to prove your worth. No machine to back you so your hype is YOUR hype.EDIT: I understand that Chance isn't the first indie artist ever! But don't compare him to Macklemore. Macklemore LLC is distributed by Warner. Obviously Tech N9ne is the biggest indie rap artist. Mac Miller is signed now so he no longer counts. And Drake should not even be mentioned. To GaryTheJerk, Apple only cares about profit. I don't see them pressuring artists to sign contracts with them anytime soon. Since streaming services pay the labels who then decide what to pay artists, I see major labels vanishing and musicians dealing with their fans directly via Apple/Spotify/Tidal.
I feel like he might get best rap album just cause kanye and drake arent showing up
Nah Kendrick had the most iconic moment 
Grammy's suck the life outta music.
Big shock that an industry plant is going to win a lot of awards 
Anyone know when chance will perform? I hate watching the Grammys, but I have got to see chance. 
I'm not hip, so I'm definitely in the minority ... but I thought Blonde and Malibu were better albums than Coloring Book. I love No Problem, but the album was just all over the place imho. 
Relax
beside all this,  anyone read in the article that Justin Beiber is considered an established act? 
Where's Brandon? Grammys are a joke. I liked Coluring Book but it wasn't better than Malibu. Colouring Book is really overrated. Not as good as everybody makes it out to be. I can name better joints and acts right now... 
chance is garbage. 
Fixed the title:Industry plant could have the most historic Grammys of all time
I think chance wins Rap Album and Song. He's the front-runner for BNE, but I'd take .Paak over chance any day. I'm still happy if either of them win, though.
Best new artist? For real? Must be a retroactive nomination.He'll definitely get Best Rap/Sung Performance and I want to say Best Rap Song as well but Hotline Bling is in there and people love that shit. Rap Album is up in the air. I'm not the biggest fan of Coloring Book but I can appreciate it and see why it's there but I personally want Blank Face to take it. And with Views and Life Of Pablo in there, who knows.
>Chance can be a blueprint for real, positive progressI'M THE BLUEPRINT TO A REAL MAN
Only one he'll win is Rap/Sung performance, dunno why everyone thinks he'll win best album lmao that'll obviously go to Views or TLOP
i still don't really understand how he's up for best new artists.he's not new. 
He's gonna win best rap album (unfortunately) and Rap/Sung via ULB for sure, probably that for best Rap Song too although I could see Hotline Bling taking it 
Drake is nominated for AOTY, so Views kind of has to win Rap AOTY by proxy
La La Land is fucking phenomenal, Chance peaked on his second record which if I had to throw a meaningless number on it'd be a 7 at best how *dare* you pal
I've always thought his music was subpar. If he wins best rap album it's another example of the best album not winning
I still think La La Land is deserving of all its praise. Seen it 4 times now and that soundtrack still part of my rotation
it's mostly just this sub. Most people really fuck with Chance. This sub really fucks with like.. trapsters, kanye and drake n shit
Do you mean ATCQ? You put DLS
> No machine to back you so your hype is YOUR hype.Apple is the biggest machine around.Taking power from record labels seems like a good idea right now, but that could quickly change once it's all in the hands of one enormous corporation that's bigger than all of them combined.
Chance is absolutely not the first successful indie artist. Don't act like he is. 
Is he not?
how is he not an established act
This reads like every single comment from the past year rolled into one
Brandon?
insightful
so you dont like him, that much is obvious. who do you listen to? 
Yep
Of all the half witted, ass pulled, no flockin, draco toting, bad and not boujee stupidity I've read on this fucking sub this one takes the cake and runs with it. 
How Sway?
How could the guy who's rejected major labels left and right to stay independent be an industry plant?
autistic hickhe has connections and was lucky, not an industry plantsounds like what a ktt poster would post
> Industry plant[You're gonna need to be more specific.](http://i.imgur.com/BaA3x2h.png)
Both of them are two of my favorite artists right now, so I'll be happy if either of them take it. One of the reasons I kind of want .Paak to take it is that Chance doesn't seem new to me anymore, since my friend put me on him right before Acid Rap came out, but I guess he's new to a lot of people at this point.
I hate to say it, but i'm afraid The Chainsmokers are most likely favorites for Best New Artist. Although i agree .Paak and Chance are more deserving, the mainstream success of the chainsmokers in the charts and on the radio is criminally important to the grammys. 
Rap album is going to go to Views, the voters are not going to ignore how much that album sold.
It's not necessarily best new artist as terms of being brand new but best for an album that can be considered eligible. Soundcloud and shit is being consider as eligible for the first time 
hotline bling?  for best interpretive dance? 
SOME OF THESE NIGGAS TOSS THEY TASSEL FOR A DEAL MAN
>The official guidelines are as follows: For a new artist who releases, during the Eligibility Year, the first recording which establishes the public identity of that artist. Note that this is not necessarily the first album released by an artist.I'd say he qualifies.
There's no way *Acid Rap* is a 7, that's an egregious statement. It was the best Hip-Hop project of 2013. La La Land was fantastic tho 
what is your flair
I wanna argue with you so much about La La Land but you properly rated Acid Rap. I'm conflicted
Because the Grammys should be based off your personal opinion right?
What do you think the best album in the category is?
No, De La Soul is nominated for best rap album. ATCQ will probably be next year, if at all.
Disregard my ignorance, but who else has made it this big as an indie? I wanna know. 
Anderson Paak. It's his first name
real rap
lmfao
He ain't got the answers
I don't buy it either, but you could argue that Chance is surprisingly well connected and business savvy for basically still being a mixtape rapper.
what?
But .Paak has been in the game since Chance was a freshman in highschool.
Read this article about Chainsmokers being the Nickelback of EDM and I couldn't agree more with it. Just listening to their latest single made me sick.  Literally the same formula they used for Closer just with a bit of tweaking. Terrible.  
Also .Paak and Chance might split the votes of people who give a shit about hip hop
I mean they also just had a huuuuuge year and essentially came up from the bottom to the top very quickly.  
That's a lock.
That's interesting, never saw that before. Thanks!establishes public identity seems subjective though, but I guess its pretty apparent that chance blew tf up with coloring book compared to when he released acid rap.
No love for Crenshaw out here????
[Thanos] (http://marvel.wikia.com/wiki/Thanos_(Earth-616\))
I think he's just stating his opinion. Which I agree with. Always thought chances music was kinda lazy.
What does that even mean? 
I don't think any were the best album. I think Denzel Curry, and Anderson .Paak had better albums than what was nominated
I could have sworn Tribe was nominated
*The Heist* by Macklemore & Ryan Lewis went Platinum, had five singles that went Gold, 4x Platinum, 2x Platinum, 7x Platinum & 2x Platinum and won a Grammy for Best Rap Album.Macklemore & Ryan Lewis accomplished this independently by hiring a corporation to distribute their music, not the other way around like the artists being hired by a corporation to promote their distribution.
Nobody. The only 2 even close are Mac Miller and Tech N9ne and neither are near Chance's current popularity. Mac Miller's fairly well known but that's because he's been known for quite a bit longer
I don't think anyone else has had indie beginnings and made it big.Metallica self released last year, KING also self released, we had In Rainbows from RadioheadOh, yeah! I know one possible exception: Wilco. Yankee Hotel Foxtrot was leaked by the band while they had a dispute with their label.Yeah, there's no one out there like Chance right now though 
Mac Miller might be the best example. He only signed to a label very recently after already being the biggest indie rap artist. 
Anderson Paak was nominated for Best Urban Contemporary Album against Beyonce.
Oh true I'm a pretty big paak fan and I don't really think of him as Brandon
well me too,  chance has bars man.  sure hes a bit more soulful than most and his last album was very gospely,  not my taste. but unless you spit better than him and can prove it,  dont call people garbage. hes famous for a reason. also man,  i feel ya,  im an old head and get annoyed at how shit the rap scene is rn. that said check out chances acid rap album,  shits good man. 
His dad works for the president 
I wasn't making a statement, I was legitimately asking the question haha. It is weird that he's so well connected, I just didn't know what qualities he had that make him an industry plant.
Chance is managed not signed, there is a very large difference between the two.
I know I'm just saying cus I've known Chance longer than I've known .Paak.
acid rap was big if you listened to hip-hop at the time, kinda.  coloring book is a big deal.  kid sold out comiskey.
For sure, which is why sometimes you get questionable artists in that category. For hip-hop, it's a lot more common for it to feel like that as well when it's easy to have a more underground or small fanbase for the artists that don't translate to public identity. For example, a pop star might come out of nowhere in a year, but if like Isaiah Rashad blew up to Drake level out of nowhere, he could definitely be up for Best New Artist despite having two well known projects out in the hip-hop community.
That ULB verse really took Chance's career up several levels
http://i0.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/000/173/576/Wat8.jpg?1315930535
That's a fair opinion but I disagree completely. Acid rap is so dope and I know people don't like coloring book on here but i haven't heard anything that sounds that much like it. 
Just because you don't like something does not mean that they are not deserving of an award.
anderson paak is actually nominated for best urban contemporary album with beyonce and rihanna
Nah they missed the cut off, if they get snubbed next year I'm fighting everyone
People like to shit on Macklemore here and pretend he doesn't exist but he was more indie and less music corporate than Chance, did it before Chance and his peak of popularity was sooo much bigger than Chance rn.
I feel like at this point people (not just on HHH) just shit on Macklemore because it's the cool thing to do
Macklemore isn't a pure indie artist. His label is distributed by Warner. You can easily look it up.
Macklemore?
Macklemore and Mac Miller. You're comment is factually wrong, and a lot of people in this thread are acting like Chance is doing something new. 
Isn't Macklemore independent too? I know no one here likes him but still another example. 
i can criticize people if i want. i prefer migos to chance.
Worked. 
Definitely not an industry plant. If anything, the industry is trying to attach themselves to Chance so people will question his indie success. Mac Miller for example, held out for as long as he could but ultimately signed an alleged $10 million contract with Warner. I'm sure that at one point, labels thought he would eventually sign so they put him next to their artists but it backfired on them this time.
True. You never heard this song back in the day(5 yrs) though? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JAcZKgKVhOU
Yeah that's why I was always irked. I loved acid rap when I came out and my friends knew about it but I guess I just didn't realize it wasn't like out there. Coloring book is miles ahead more popular.  
Facts that too. That gave him a lot of exposure to build up for his release. 
Different strokes I guess.....all good
Ok, so it you're telling me Chance had the best rap album of last year?
I literally didn't check any nomination section aside from the hip hop section
Tbh they probably will because the album won't be in anyone's mind after all the new releases this year
wouldn't be a snub, their album was boring
> he was more indie and less music corporate than ChanceFar more indie and far less corporate, and without the advantage of a previous release on a major label (e.g. *Blonde* on Boys Don't Cry after *Channel Orange* on Def Jam.)
Macklemore [hired Warner/ADA for a radio push *after* recording & releasing *The Heist* independently](http://blogs.wsj.com/speakeasy/2014/01/28/how-macklemore-tapped-major-label-muscle-to-market-an-indie-album/). The fifth single from the album, White Walls, is the only single that was initially released with Warner. Wings, Can't Hold Us (the single that got him featured in [Unsigned Hype](http://i.imgur.com/P1Eg4Sn.jpg),) Same Love and Thrift Shop were all released independently on Macklemore, LLC.
[deleted]
Self releasing and putting shit out for free? I think not. I admit that I'm probably wrong on that comment though.
Didn't even think of him either. Just further proves my point tbh.  So Chance won't even be the first independent to win the rap album Grammy
yeah man,  you do what you want.  go listen to migos,  nevermind. 
I love Migos (you can check my flair) but don't call Chance trash and then use Migos as an example of real rap. 
also chance made it off the strength of the chicago scene round 2010-2012. it's soooo much easier to make useful, long lasting connections if you're deep in a scene (esp in a big city), because everyone's growing together and pooling their resources and connects at the same time, even if it's inadvertent
Nah this is the first I've heard from his Breezy Lovejoy stuff. I think the earliest project I listened to was the Blended Babies EP. Not sure if that was before or after Venice tho. This was dope tho, so I'll probably check out his older stuff.
I don't get what you were asking tho? I was talking about La La Land the movie
I'd go far enough that none of the nominated albums are close to the best rap album of the year, and in my opinion, Coloring book was better than TLOP, views is probably the worst album out of the 5 nominees. If there'd be Atrocity exhibition or Thank you for your service nominated, I'd agree with you.
better than views, major key and de la soul imo, probably blank face too, I think pablo is the best out of the nominees
My personal opinion has nothing to do with this. I am simply pointing out that just because you might not agree with something does not mean it was undeserved. 
I think Paaks is better than all the nominated hip hop albums but it's not really hip hop enough to be nominated for that
yeah I'd be surprised tbh
Boring would be the last word I'd associate with it. Even if you didn't like it, it's still a great album
he was independent when Thrift Shop became the biggest son gin the world, and (I think) the first indie song to go #1.
So you mean chance is the first to make it off mixtapes? Because that's not true either. That's how we got Drake, and many more artists. Maybe I'm confused as to what your trying to say. 
I almost prefer his old stuff tbh(definitely over Venice) but the only real success he had before the paak EP was that song PYP and the stuff he did with dumbfounded(https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mQXgocvzmPE).
Oh I was arguing against your claim for Acid Rap being the best project of 2013. I'm saying Crenshaw by Nipsey was.
TLOP > CB
Thank you 4 your service came out after the Grammy window (September), I don't know the exact date, but atrocity exhibition may have too
Well no shit my opinion isn't the deciding factor. Thank you for this enlightening news
I can't even get through it man. Well made but so horrendously boring to me. Would never call it a great album
Yeah, we're both confused. You have a good point though. Chance is not the only one to gain popularity through mixtapes.
Idk I really fucked with Venice. I never really listened to dumbfounded either, so I'll check it out later after work
Ohhhh i got you now. Yea i've never heard it, i'll check it out tho 
Well it came out September 30th, so very likely. Both of those are more deserving than anything nominated. 
why you being a dick
I'm kind of high and I don't post often so if I fucked up forgive ya boy mods! 
Setbacks Q is my fav
shout out to my nigga drakemode...olllllle jerri-curl eathworm jim lookin muhfuckaaaah
Essential Q track
He shouts out traffic in the song. I think that's pretty cool 
you did well son
Thanks dad ! 
Rappers + airports = bad combination
Need some new Earl man
So in Tupac's song 'Nigga Nature' he states that > Picture me pay for pussy when the dick's for freeFast forward to 2015 and Kendrick Lamar states in For Free? that>This dick ain't freeIs this due to change in economic climate or the commodification of all items in today's society?
This probably doesn't apply to Americans, but does anyone else get the you just wish you were black response when you talk about Hip-Hop? Racial stereotyping is always alive and well.
Why does designer's new song even have a clean version nobody can understand what he says anyways
1.) Name an artist you think is trash that other people will take offense to. (For me, Travis Scott and Lil Uzi Vert)2.) What do you hope the next era of rap looks like, or gives to us? (Sounds, Topics, Lyrically, Geographically, etc.) (I hope for a lot less Lil Uzi-type rap lol. Or a new game changing rap group, Divine Council maybe?) Edit: the original Sorry 4 the Wait is tight and is prolly the last full Wayne project i enjoyed
What's an unlikely collab you'd like to see?I want to see ~~Future and Kendrick together~~ that already exists so I would say Thugger and Kendrick lol
I'm feeling really nostalgic about that 2010 - 2012 era of pop rap. I listened to Thank Me Later, Pink Friday, and Tha Carter IV all day yesterday because I *especially* miss that old Young Money sound.During these years, I actually hated Drake, Wayne, and Nicki, but their songs from this era still make me nostalgic now because I always heard them on the radio and at school and stuff, so whether I liked it or not, they were usually the soundtrack for my junior high years, and now I miss it. You never know what you have 'til it's gone, I guess.
What's the least this can be played at the gym song you have, that you play at the gym?I think mine is The Joy by Kanye and Jay
[removed]
Take Care or Nothing was the same? Why?
anyone know what kendricks been up to?
Really getting into Outkast lately. What are your guy's favorite songs by them? Mine are Da Art of Story Tellin (Part 1) and ATLiens
What's your favorite beat to freestyle over. Mines probably Vomitspit by MF DOOM or Grownup by Danny Brown
What are your favourite braggadocious songs of the 2010s, lately I been bumping stuff like Country Shit Remix by KRIT and the Devil is a Lie by Rick Ross and I'm loving the extravagant instrumentals along with the in your face brag raps. Give me some quality 2010s brag raps.And damn is Jay-Z ever gonna release an album soon, I really hope he comes back and reminds everyone why he is one of Hip Hop's GOAT
So, Lupe's last 3 projects have had really great beats. Go listen to Pharaoh Height if you haven't yet; it's a really great all-around little mixtape. 
Trapo's dope, go check him out if you haven't already. I prefer his rapping to his singing and he's released several singles in the last month or twohttps://soundcloud.com/trapo-1831
I'm still salty as fuck about the whole SZA album. So many great artists on TDE, but they're managed by a sack of fuckin potatoes.
Went to Noname's show on Thursday night, had a fucking fantastic time. Was surprised to see Saba/Smino/Joseph Chilliams come out. Noname had a really rough time performing Casket Pretty because Dinner With John passed away on Wednesday [source](http://www.chicagoreader.com/Bleader/archives/2017/02/09/rip-chicago-rapper-singer-dinner-with-john-cofounder-of-pivot-gang). I genuinely didn't expect Saba/Joseph to come out because of this but I'm glad they did, [it seems](https://twitter.com/sabaPIVOT/status/829926984478191616) like it helped them.edit: going through Saba's twitter is so sad, everyone in the Chicago scene has been tweeting about him, \#RIPJohn \#PIVOT
What are the best and worst verses by one of your favorite rappers? No Kanye, Kendrick, or Drake allowed.
Favourite Death Grips album? I've been listening to The Money Store on repeat for about a week. It's crazy because I couldn't stand them when I first tried to listen to it.
My expectations for DROGAS are really high now. Because Light displays his poppier sound, i hope that DROGAS will be a lot more dense. Also there is no label to blame anymore, now that he is independent.
Do you think there has been a trend of more musicality in hip-hop in recent years? TPAB, Blank Face, PP&DS, and at some points Rodeo all had some form of live instrumentation in them. I get that only four recent albums doesn't really show a huge trend or anything, I'd really like to see more of it though
I know I said this in the DROGAS Light discussion thread but no one really saw it, so did anyone notice that the chord progression on Kill is the same as the chords on Temperatures Rising by Mobb Deep? I thought that was a really great touch. What are some of the best ways that you've seen songs sampled in hip hop?
What are some of y'all's thoughts on Camu Tao's *King of Hearts*? As an aspiring artist I find it to be a goldmine of cool little ideas, even though some of it is a bit of a rough listen. My favorite tracks are *Bird Flu*, *Death*, *Actin' a Ass*, *Major Team*, *The Moment*, and *When You're Going Down*.
Does anyone remember when Future was working on a video for thought it was a drought? What happened to that?
What do you think Rick Ross's legacy will be 15-20 years from now?I think he has some classics and will be best noted for his lyrical/banger combination ability
Also Breathe by Fabulous is a 10/10 song
What's your most hated hip hop track and why? 
~~Idk if anyone noticed or cares tbh but Charles Hamilton dropped some kind of mixtape on his youtube channel a few days ago. His obsession with Sonic and poor production value is still going strong~~Nevermind this is old. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VyTs5iyDNC4 
Can someone point me to a rapper with similar great production as Tommy Cash, but not as ridiculously over the top of a rapper? Seriously this guy has the craziest fuckin beats and he just goes and ruins them eith the stupid fake accent he puts onhttps://youtu.be/3OGMrZKIjKUhttps://youtu.be/9qoooUVu1cg
What artists have such a versatile range of music that you won't get sick of listening to them? (Bonus points if it's not Kanye)
What are some of your favorite projects that haven't gotten much this year? For me Stik Figa's Central Standard Time and Eric Biddines The Local Cafe have been my 2 of my main standouts. 
What in your opinion makes Hip-Hop Hip-Hop? The lyrics? Subject matter? The artist themselves? The beats? 
If you haven't seen Robb Bank$ live you're fucking up. One of the most lit shows I've ever been to. This dude literally jumped Into the crowd to get turn up with us. I was like a foot away from the very front and he basically got down right in front of me. People were jumping all over him, even pulling on his dreads and shit. He's cool af though, he even hopped in my snap video and dabbed me up. 
Is there a worse hip hop hook than on I'm Between Us by Scarface? I just can't believe that got 2 GOAT rappers in that song, and then put that hook on it. 
Hey fellas I'm a 17 year old guy who just started out rapping so I'm really looking for some feedback cause I'm always trying to improve https://soundcloud.com/01darkseider/paradise-in-the-south
I've been listening to Mac Dre lately, who's someone I had been overlooking for a while, and god damn I'm loving the instrumentals on Ronald Dregan. What artists have you been getting into recently?
Does anyone else think the California hiphop scene is getting a bit left behind at the moment? Yes they do have huge names in the scene but I personally have not found a small group of rappers that can be considered the future of the west coast. I am referring to artists on the come up btw, someone enlighten me.
Totally random but was anyone else super disappointed by December 99th by Yasiin? I never really saw any discussion about it when it released but as a huge Mos Def fan it was a brutal release. It was close to Speeding Bullet To Heaven bad for me. Don't know if we'll ever get some classic Mos again
Aquemini or Atliens and why? 
I feel like Act 1 was a musical epiphany, or like a existential understanding or something and Jay Electronica is waiting for a 2nd one, that might never happen. I've heard of artists having them producing something unreal, and never having another one. It took him a lifetime up to the point where he made Act 1 to make Act 1, who knows how long Act 2 will take 
Anyone have a GOOD uncensored version of Slick Rick's verse on Da Art of Storytellin?
Did anyone see the photos of nude women getting posted to a bunch of hip-hop related subs? Photos were getting posted to subs like r/nofiller and r/hiphop. It was up for maybe like an hour before getting taken down.
Does anyone else have lines that play in their head when they do something? For example when I'm working or doing anything to earn money I think of the line I hope my hustle don't offend nobody by Jeezy
can't wait for that new Push and that 3Stax solo album
Favorite verse on 1train? Not necessarily the one you think is the best but which one do you think sounds the best/gets you the most hyped when it comes on?
I've been listening to both of SiR's recent EPs Her and Her Too recently. Does anyone have a good idea on how to combine them into one cohesive project? I think that'd be an interesting way to listen to both of them.
This is kinda an odd question but what's the relationship between the game and nas  .  They did a lot of dope ass music together and mad himself rarely collabs nowadays but did that with the game .  They also did an album together that for some reason no one heard of qb 2 Compton...Can anyone share their story? Thanks
So any news on dmx?
Anybody here bladee fans? 
Damn got to this too late, I'll probably re-share this tomorrow but this year I wanted to listen to more music, and to help me track that, I decided to make a spread sheet with data and charts to track all the newly released albums I've heard this year. I figure it's going to be super satisfying in December.Also, yes, I have last.fm but last.fm doesn't do all this for me. [Check it out](http://imgur.com/a/Ytk91) 
Idc what anyone says Two Words-Through the Wire is the best run of all time 
What are some random hip-hop DJ mixes that are good?  Here are some of my favorites:https://soundcloud.com/deejay_tj/majid-jordan-naii-tour-mixhttps://soundcloud.com/illangelo/ovo-sound-radio-episode-8-illangelo-mix-dirtyhttps://soundcloud.com/nineteen85/ovo-sound-radio-episode-30-dirty-nineteen85-mixAlso this Tidal promotion is genius 6 months is a long enough time to get someone to stick with their product if they aren't currently using a streaming service.  
Is The Mind uncredited on that SiR song, New LA, at the end of the track? I swear I hear him
What song at first did you hate but after a few more listens is now one of your favoritesAlso what are the best hip hop oriented youtube channels 
Just landed 50 Drake tickets for next month through a friend. Sooo gassed
If you guys don't think Carti can rap listen to swervin and servin by hoodrich pablo juan ft playboi carti and talk remix by playboi carti. 
Does madeintyo have any other songs like his feature on instinct?  He's got a good voice for that singing but I'm not a fan of his rapping type stuff 
Do y'all ever go through your music on a cycle over the year (in addition to listening to new shit obviously)? I feel like I'm always on a DOOM/Lupe kick around February.Before you mention it, yes I know you all love alternating between Liquid Swords and MBDTF in the winter.
Now that we all have Tidal anyone got some fire playlists they wanna share 
What would you consider your favorite artist(s)'s most beautiful song? Interpret as you chooseKanye West - Lost in the WorldThe Weeknd - Tears in the Rain
Older hip hop heads, what was your reaction the first time you heard Stan?
Favourite beat of all time? For me, it's gotta be Ali Bomaye. JESUS that beat
Where is fetty wap??
Hung out with Tyler and Jasper for like three hours today, got food and chilled and they are two very genuine people. I fuck with them heavy
What are your thoughts on Logic's albums Under Pressure and TITS? I sometimes listen to a few tracks on either of them when I'm not really paying attention to the lyrics, but they seems kinda boring idk.Also, favorite song off of The Sun's Tirade? I listened to it the other day and loved it so I'd like to hear some thoughts.
Videos in this thread:[Watch Playlist &#9654;](http://subtletv.com/_r5tgw2e?feature=playlist&nline=1)VIDEO|COMMENT-|-[Buy The World](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YwLcz9tjUN4)|[30](https://www.reddit.com/r/hiphopheads/comments/5tgw2e/_/ddmfazw?context=10#ddmfazw) - Already exists, with Wayne  Mike Will Made-It - Buy The World (ft. Future, Lil Wayne, & Kendrick Lamar)[Lil Herb - Knucklehead Feat. Earl Sweatshirt (Prod. By Earl Sweatshirt)](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ch3wpTVT_BI)|[22](https://www.reddit.com/r/hiphopheads/comments/5tgw2e/_/ddmf9j9?context=10#ddmf9j9) - An Earl ft Herbo track I only recently heard thanks to this sub[Charles Hamilton - New Theme of Sonic Underground](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VyTs5iyDNC4)|[4](https://www.reddit.com/r/hiphopheads/comments/5tgw2e/_/ddmfud2?context=10#ddmfud2) - Idk if anyone noticed or cares tbh but Charles Hamilton dropped some kind of mixtape on his youtube channel a few days ago. His obsession with Sonic and poor production value is still going strong Nevermind this is old.(1) \[NSFW\] [TOMMY CASH - WINALOTO (Official Video)](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3OGMrZKIjKU) (2) [TOMMY CASH - LEAVE ME ALONE (OFFICIAL MUSIC VIDEO)](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9qoooUVu1cg)|[3](https://www.reddit.com/r/hiphopheads/comments/5tgw2e/_/ddmg9yk?context=10#ddmg9yk) - Can someone point me to a rapper with similar great production as Tommy Cash, but not as ridiculously over the top of a rapper? Seriously this guy has the craziest fuckin beats and he just goes and ruins them eith the stupid fake accent he puts on[TYLER & LIL YACHTY IN THE STUDIO](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PtBWaleUOG0)|[1](https://www.reddit.com/r/hiphopheads/comments/5tgw2e/_/ddmi6dq?context=10#ddmi6dq) - http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PtBWaleUOG0(1) [MF Doom - Arrow Root](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JKkwqHqIHzE) (2) [MF Doom - Datura Stramonium](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i5Wpz5KH7LA) (3) [Pete Rock & CL Smooth-They Reminisce Over You (Instrumental)](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q_rbnnqDLtE) (4) [Madlib - High (Instrumental) (Official) - Piata Beats](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ffbm5o09qe4)|[1](https://www.reddit.com/r/hiphopheads/comments/5tgw2e/_/ddmlkvc?context=10#ddmlkvc) - Arrow Root by Metal Fingers  Datura Stratomonium by Metal Fingers  Reminisce Over You by Pete Rock   High by Madlib  And then vomitspit is another one of my favorites. Most important thing to keep in mind for a freestyle beat is a highly noticeable s...(1) [3rd World War- Jesse Jagz featuring Femi Kuti](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0avd06QTdwg) (2) [Olamide - Voice Of The Street (Official Video)](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4CYteZGoyyY)|[1](https://www.reddit.com/r/hiphopheads/comments/5tgw2e/_/ddmjwvq?context=10#ddmjwvq) - One thing that probably won't happen, but would be cool: look at the transition from GKMC (story about his adolescence in Compton and by analogy the story of the black and brown kids from Compton, using the sound of West Coast rap that was a part o...[Of Other Tomorrows Never Known](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-3Vdx87BmB8)|[1](https://www.reddit.com/r/hiphopheads/comments/5tgw2e/_/ddmln1n?context=10#ddmln1n) - Yeah, that makes sense. GKMC starts and ends in the past, TPAB starts in the past and ends in the present, and his next album could start in the past and end in the future (so, looking at where he and by analogy black people throughout the world will...[Young Gully - They Don't Understand Me/Shame On You](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WBawdqcK5KA&t=214s)|[1](https://www.reddit.com/r/hiphopheads/comments/5tgw2e/_/ddmjcr2?context=10#ddmjcr2) - This song's hot(1) [K9 & Visionist - Untouchable](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BJ1rn_myWH4) (2) [KOHH - Living Legend Official Video](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jd69dMjmMY4) (3) [Le1f - Umami / Water](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t0zjfW2qY1U)|[1](https://www.reddit.com/r/hiphopheads/comments/5tgw2e/_/ddmkx92?context=10#ddmkx92) - K9  KOHH  Le1f[Mike Dece - Donald Trump](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FzOm__cQyLY)|[1](https://www.reddit.com/r/hiphopheads/comments/5tgw2e/_/ddmknm5?context=10#ddmknm5) - Pretty self explanatory. Absolutely horrible lmao[Migos 3 Way (Intro) (WSHH Exclusive - Official Music Video)](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pb9L-5cQNJs)|[0](https://www.reddit.com/r/hiphopheads/comments/5tgw2e/_/ddmfrou?context=10#ddmfrou) - More people need to appreciate how fire this Migos track isI'm a bot working hard to help Redditors find related videos to watch. I'll keep this updated as long as I can.***[Play All](http://subtletv.com/_r5tgw2e?feature=playlist&ftrlnk=1) | [Info](https://np.reddit.com/r/SubtleTV/wiki/mentioned_videos) | Get me on [Chrome](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/mentioned-videos-for-redd/fiimkmdalmgffhibfdjnhljpnigcmohf) / [Firefox](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/mentioned-videos-for-reddit)
What's an example of an artist you like making a remix worse? If have to say Kendrick on Holy Ghost. Jeezy made a bear perfect song, and Kendricks remix almost feels unnatural 
Injustice 2 looks hard 
You guys should check out Nines' new record, very chilled out flows and on more american style production than you usually see from UK rappers.
Rappers and following rules does not mix
Peasant
aye expecially the trappers 
Is there a better example of this than John Forte?
What happened?
I was listening to Mr Nigga when I heard about this. Still relevant after all this time, so is the rest of Black on Both Sides.
[An Earl ft Herbo track I only recently heard thanks to this sub](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ch3wpTVT_BI)
Idls was announced like a week in advance so he could drop something any day now
Take my upvote. I made a compilation of every one of his loose/unreleased tracks, features, and all his live unreleased songs he's played cause I've been so starved. It's still not enough
We'll probably get more Earl and Vince this year, and hopefully collaborations on both
HOLY SHIT WAITI just looked up when his birthday is. February 24th.Wanna know what day of the week that is? IT'S A MOTHERFUCKING FRIDAY BOYSRANDOM HYPE TRAIN COMMENCE
Hopefully this year. Hopefully
Don't we all
His feature on 'Really Doe' made me excited for a change in direction (even though I really liked his other stuff too) 
Hope him and Tyler both drop albums this year, as is tradition. 
Kendrick is saying that his dick specifically isnt free because hes that dope
You've got it all wrong. Why would Tupac pay for pussy when any loyal fan would provide a good dickin' any time. 
It's good you're looking at things in a critical way like that, but I think in this case it's just a coincidence. 
Kendrick is just following the timeless legacy of Mac Dre (Dick on discount? Bitch goodbye). It's a hint that his next album is actually going to be based around an updated hyphy sound, and will start a new wave of people getting injured ghostriding the whip.
Any analysis of this change will also need to account for Mac Dre's 2004 outrage in 'Feelin Myself'>I won't cost you much, I'm a good buy- Dick on discount? Bitch goodbye /Who do I look like, Mr. Frank Fuck For Free? No dough ho you can't fuck with me
no
Can't relate, but that shit is extra dumb because white people are the primary consumers of rap.
Only heard that kind of talk back in high school. I'm in rural Indiana though, so I usually hear Why do you listen to black music? followed by the usual complaints of not being able to say the n word. 
i've heard i don't like black people music 
I used to get called a wigger a lot but nobody really says that anymore.I grew up in the hood in Florida so with the way I talk nobodies really surprised I listen to hip hop at this point lol
I actually could understand him a lot more then usual on outlet. 
my mom has a thing against explicit songs, but I've been playing his mixtape on my speaker occasionally for the past year.She hasn't noticed. 
he enunciated like a mfer I could understand his verse on my first listen. Except got the Gruber on me, idk what he says there 
1. Chance the Rapper, I loved him during the Acid Rap days but now anything he does just seems so manufactured and fake, a total sellout imo2. I honestly have no idea what I want out of rap right now, trap is kind of getting tiring to me but I see no reason for it to slow down when it's what everyone is enjoying and listening to, Divine Council is dope though, I do hope they breakout this year 
Travis scott birds is trash, its almost unlistenable. Very odd coming from me because I think all 3 of his other albums are very good. 
Big Sean. If you think drake is generic, this guy is really gonna make Aubrey seem like a creative genius. Bad whiny voice, painfully bad punchlines, and to top it all off seems to think he's god's gift to the rap game nowadays. I don't care what the next era of rap looks like as long as it's creative and original. That's the best I can hope for. 
1. talib, i dont think he can flow for shit and his voice is annoying AF2. I think the next wave of rap after trap is gonna be smooth shit similar to Paak &amp; Goldlink in specific. Mac Miller already sort of got on that wave with his last album 
1. Uzi, 21, Big Sean2. Some more emergence of smaller scenes like South Florida is now, probably another Canadian one, Portland maybe, possibly Arizona though unlikelyHopefully we get some dope new up and coming spitters who also know how to make good music
1. Kodak Black2. I want more experimental beats, and I think the Lil Uzi/Lil Yachty sound should stay, I don't listen to them on my own time but I'm not gonna object to it if I'm just chilling with friends and that's what it's for. Oh and stop with the shitty mixed beats, it's not aesthetic it's shit. 
1. Post GKMC Kendrick2. Lil Peep, Lil Pump, & Lil Tracy
1) Kodak Black. I hate his personality. He doesn't know how to carry himself properly in a public setting. That's evident with his Breakfast Club interview. His music sucks too. His music isn't interesting at all. He sounds really generic. Sometimes I listen to a few of his songs thinking I'll finally like it but time and time again I hate his music. XXXTentacion too. He's been a rapper for like 2 months and his sound quality still is shit. It sounds like he's making music with the same equipment that RZA used for Enter the Wu Tang but only 50 times worse. He's trash and has little to no actual rapping ability and is getting carried by his aggressive beats harder than any new school rapper. 2) I have no clue if/when the trap wave is gonna end but I'm open minded to anything at this point. 
I can't stand Slick Rick tbh. Sure he can tell good stories but his voice is just grueling to listen to. Also the beats on his first album are absolute trash imo, they haven't aged well at all. Entirely turned me off to the rest of his discography.I think we're going to see R&B/neo-soul/rap blend a lot more in the coming years. I also want to hear more authentic drums are going to come into style rather than the loud ass quantized drums we see a lot today, but I don't think trap style drums are going to go out of style for a while.
1) Famous Dex, Trill Sammy, Rich The Kid, UnoTheActivist. I'm weird cause I really fuck with Uzi, Yachty, even some Playboi Carti tracks but I don't care for any of the other rappers like them. Also Travis is dope2) Hard to imagine what an era will be defined by as more and more artists pop up and hip-hop keeps branching out. There's plenty of styles out there within hip-hop that will grow but I don't know if I can see one single one defining the genre, there's all the Chicago/Save Money affiliates (Chance, Vic, Mick, Joey Purp, Noname, Saba, etc.) that're doing well as well as all the trap/trap-influenced Atlanta-ish artists (Future, Young Thug, Migos, 21 Savage, Lil Yachty, etc.) and the east coast dudes doing their thing (Pro Era, Flatbush, Underachievers, Action, Griselda dudes, etc.) and the Toronto/OVO Sound type dudes (Bryson Tiller, 6LACK, PND, Tory Lanez, Jazz Cartier, etc.) and the Florida underground/Soundcloud sound (Denzel Curry, Suicide Boys, XXX, Robb Banks, even Lil Peep/GBC). There's so many sounds and more that have etched a mark on hip-hop it's hard for me to imagine any of them defining hip-hop for me
I think the next era of rap will be more punk influenced, and rappers will be more aggressive. Like Denzel Curry, XXXtentacles, Nolan The Ninja, a lot more i cant think of atm
Post Malone has never put tickled my fancyI hope we see more experimental in the future. I enjoyed bottomless pit, atrocity exhibition and do what thou wilt last year, so I'm hoping artists take more of a leap with their production. 
Drake, J Coke, UziEdit : J Cole lmao
More live instruments in trap, maybe even a bluesy feelMore relateable, down to earth, fun rap. Doesn't have to be Boom Bap but something with the attitude of De La Soul, The Pharcyde, Tribe etc. I hope New York gets a big original sound again 
KANYE WEST
1.) Post Malone is fucking garbage. I know Stoney was really praised on here, but that shit was boring as hell, I couldn't even finish it. Plus, the dude is corny as hell. He's a white dude who has fuckin' cornrows and wears grills. I honestly can't believe that he's not roasted every hour just for his appearance alone. 2.) I think popular rap is gonna split into two categories: trap, party type stuff and more smooth jazzy stuff. We're already kinda seeing this divide but I think the split is gonna grow even more with time. I think we're gonna see a resurgence in rap groups, maybe not in the mainstream but definitely in online hip hop circles and stuff like that. 
1. Also travi$ 2. As for a sound I'm not sure but I've noticed a lot of current rappers are making very chance inspired music. A lot more soul-y good feels kind of rap. 
1. Anderson Paak, 2016 Kendrick for the most part 2. Think the edgy underground wave, X, Pouya, suicideboys, Lil Peep will become even bigger this year
1. Kodak, 21, X, most of cartis songs2. I hope there's some more artists like DRAM but I expect more artists like X or Lil Peep
Logic definitely 
Travis Scott is trash IMOI think it could be good I see the next era will continue to bring more interesting alternative personalities to the scene 
canibus is my least favorite rapper evernext wave is gonna be both more intense trap stuff like xxxtentacion and smooth stuff for the radio like anderson paak
1. The entire TDE roster besides Kendrick due to their unmemorable blandness.2. Whatever it is, it's going to be heavily influence by the current trap sound and likely to come from the streets.
Travi$ Scott, I think everything he's done since days before rodeo has been repetitive and annoying.  
Q and Pusha
Already exists, with Wayne[Mike Will Made-It - Buy The World (ft. Future, Lil Wayne, & Kendrick Lamar)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YwLcz9tjUN4)
I feel like Lil Yachty and Tyler could do something weird.
A Young Thug/Freddie Gibbs ep would be dope af.
I wanna see Earl x Chance honestly. Maybe an Earl or Alchemist produced beat?
21 Savage and Snoop DoggLil B and KanyeUzi and Andre 3000
Mystikal and Kevin Gates. 
Schoolboy Q and George Clinton & Parliament 
Thugger and kendrick whewww
Kodak black and Method Man
Lupe + Cudi
Kendrick recently brought thugger out at a show so I wouldn't be surprised. 
maybe not that unlikely but I want Drake and Uzi to collab
Thug and Kendrick ain't too unlikely, they performed together 
YG and Q.
Danny Brown and Pusha T would be incredible
Yeah, Thugger and Kendrick would be great.Also Kendrick and Desiigner, MF DOOM and Kanye, Death Grips and Kanye, and Eminem and Migos (not sure this one would be good but the contrast would be hilarious).
A$AP Rocky x Nas3Stacks x Wayne (I know C4 Interlude exist  but that dont count)
Feeling nostalgic for music you hated is always a trip haha
Those 2 songs on Nicki's album from like 2015 (I think?) with her and Drake and Wayne made me really happy
White Ferrari on arm day 
Daft Punk - Something About UsI listen to a lot of really relaxing and/or soft songs at the gym, because it lets me concentrate on lifting without distracting me + makes lifts seem easier than they are.
The Dog Days Are Over - Florence + The Machine
Hey There Delilah played frequently in my high school's gym while the football team was in there
feels like were only going backwards- tame impala lol, something about it gets me vibin lol
Paper airplanes by mia
i listen to lofi at the gym.crucify me. 
Someone like you by Adele 
[removed]
NWTS is Drake's best album. Everything reached its pinnacle there, the atmosphere and production on every track is polished to the absolutely highest degree. Shows his range and is fairly concise in doing so
Take Care. It had a nice consistent sound all the way through that made it so much better for me to listen all the way through.
Nothing Was The Same, it was the album that got me into Drake so probably nostalgia. Take Care was awesome and generally I enjoy most all of the tracks on it but I've had a specific point in time where just about every song on NWTS was my favorite track, it's just so great. Tuscan Leather, Too Much, Pound Cake, All Me, there's just so many top Drake tracks for me on that album
NWTS. shorter and way more consistent. Doesnt have songs like make me proud,we'll be fine and practice on it. 
Nwts better overall but The Ride is still his best song
TC because nostalgia
NWTS. Every song I enjoy
Anyone who says NWTS is a liar. Take Care is objectively better fight me.
Take care. Crew love, look what you've done, and over my dead body are some of my fav songs by drake.
Take Care is so fucking good
Both are drake's best albums. So hard to compare though, i'd say take care tho
Take Care. NWTS was good, but Crew Love and Take Care are in my top 5 all time Drake songs.FWIW, Started from the Bottom is also in my top 5, but Take Care's vibe...I just fucked with it a lot
Take Care has a grandiose feel that gives it the edge, plus the high points are ridiculous.
NWTS because that one guy got the album cover tattooed on his neck a week before it dropped 
Take Care has more highs and is more interesting in my opinion 
Working on his next Maroon 5 feature
I'm extremly excited what his next album will sound like. If it's on TPAB-GKMC-level, he will definetly go down as one of the greatest. But i'm really clueless what direction he's heading to. 
Just working, he took like two and a half years with tpab so maybe well get something from him like late summer/early fall
Working with Trap artists
I have a suspicion he's gonna drop an album before Coachella. It's been two years since TPAB and for the one year anniversary he dropped untitled unmastered. Plus with all the shit that's happened in the world since TPAB I feel like he has to have been working on new material.
As of right now we know he has a song in the works with Rich the Kid, and a finished song with Rae Sremmurd and Gucci Mane prod. Mike Will (which should come out soon).
SpottieOttieDopaliscious, Elevators, Aquemini, Skew It on the Bar-B, and ATLiens would be my top 5. 
That's too hard tbh. Playas Ball and Return of the G are two great songs though
MyintrotoletuknowClaimin True
13th floor/growing old, Aquemini
basic answer but so fresh so cleangot so many memories of that song growing up, was one of the first hip hop songs i heard
Aquemini, B.O.B., A Life in the Day of Benjamin Andre
Return of the 'G', Chonkyfire, Liberation, and SpottieOttieDopaliscious.
Probably millennium, but that's a really hard question 
Rosa Parks
skew it on the bar-b and aquemini
I'm gonna state the obvious and say roses, hey ya, and ms.jackson. Also elevators.
Shook Ones pt. II will forever be the greatest beat to freestyle over, either that or Breathe
Lemonade
0 to 100
Accordian-madvillianFreaks and geeks-childish Gambino93 til infinity- souls of mischief 
Grown Up is actually sneaky difficult to rap over. I thought it was gonna be similar to typical 90's beats but the sample is so busy and frequent it can throw you off easily, at least for me. 
Sickfit off of Madvillany
Forgot About Dre
Pound Cake
Pretty boy swag
lemonade
People forget how good of a song Fuckwithmeyouknowitgotit is. I think Ross and Jay go pretty well together. 
Future - You Deserve ItPusha T - Numbers On The BoardsRich Gang - I Know ItRiff Raff - Introducing The Icon
Ali Bumaye
I am a God 
Rick Ross - The Devil is a LieDrake - EnergyRobb Banks - It Wasn't MeInjury Reserve - All This MoneyBig Sean - Bounce BackKendrick Lamar - Rigamortus (he's just flexing on this track really)
all of wtt
dear god The Devil Is A Lie is such a banger
I agree, would really like a new jay album
Are you including Pharaoh Height in this? Because if so I agree. F&L 2 had meh beats imo
Do you include F&L 2? If yes, then i have to disagree because this albums beats were really generic. Now that i see your nickname, you seem a little biased here :D. T&Y was beatwise great tho, Pharao Height was an interesting listen too.
Jump, tranquillo, and intro off drogas light are fire
He's slowly been growing here. Sooner or later he'll get a feature on a bigger artists album and blow up. Im hoping anyways
She Moved On speaks to me on a personal level
They are doing a great job promoting SZA,  TV performance,  Single + Album Name,  a Documentary and Website, Interviews with big  music publications. All that shit got everyone hype and impatient for CTRL 
Kanye best: goneWorst: FSMH 1KendrickBest: sing about meWorst: Taylor swift songDrakeBest: 5amWorst: child's play (1st verse)
Best - Notorious ThugzWorst - Friend of Mine
> No Kanye, KendrickI guess Eminem is next for me, then.Can't decide on a favorite verse, but I think my least favorite is on Fame by D12. If you don't like Recovery, you're gonna really hate this verse. 
Best: El-P - RidiculoidWorst: Oh My Darling (Don't Cry)
DaveBest: Two Birds No StonesWorst: Breathe Verse 1
TravisBest: pray 4 love or miaWorst: thru the late night, still love that song tho
Exmilitary
I still think The Money Store is their most refined record to date, but all their albums are pretty good. If Government Plates is your worst album, you gotta be doing something right.
No Love Deep Web for sure 
niggas on the moon
I haven't listened to all their stuff but No Love Deep Web is great
Money Store but Exmilitary is close
ill rank em1 the money store2 exmilitary3 bottomless pit4 no love deep web5 death grips ep6 jenny death7 notm8 government plates9 interview 201610 fashion week
> Also there is no label to blame anymore, now that he is independent.He might still find a way to blame the Jews regardless.
I can see what you mean. Atrocity Exhibition had a lot of instruments in it too. I'm liking it though
I don't mind throwing it on and giving it a listen but it's so unfinished that I don't really treat it like a proper Camu Tao project.It is filled with cool idea's like you said though, I'll give it that. If it was finished properly I have no doubt that it would be incredible.
It's got some solid tracks but definitely doesn't do his talent justice, dude was phenomenal and I wish he could have gotten to finish it properly before passing. 
I don't really like it, I've only listened to it once but I didn't really fuck with the sound after loving verses of his like on The Death of Chris Palko
An artist that will be known, but probably kinda underrated under the radar. Same way say Cormega isn't treated the same as Nas or Mobb Deep or something today. People'll know the name but he won't be the first recommendation when someone says I want to get into old school hip hop, like late 2000's early 2010s stuffHe already is kinda underrated these days. He is a better bar for bar rapper than many give him credit for and has a great eye for beats.
He will be underrated. His discography is great and raps better than a lot people give him credit for. For some reason real hip hop weirdos or just backpack rap fans don't like him even though he raps better and makes better music than a lot of the rappers they stan. 
Eh...I think his features are good but his solo albums are boring. God forgives is good though, but his voice gets super annoying quickly
anything famous dex
I don't know if it counts as hiphop, but Over and Over by Nelly featuring fucking Tim McGraw. Not hating on Tim and his cowboy hat, but I had a friend who was obsessed with the song. I had to listen to it about every day. Edit: Same friend also played Hustlin' by Rick Ross every day but I still love that song.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FzOm__cQyLYPretty self explanatory. Absolutely horrible lmao
ANY LIL GAYNE SONG! TUPAC LYRIC KINGBIGGIE FLOW KINGEMINEM RHYME KINGRICK ROSS BURGER KING!!!!!!!CHECK OUT MY CHANNEL I RAP OVER BASS BOOSTED EMINEM BEATS, IM THE BEST WHITE RAPPER IN THE GAME NOW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
It says that particular mixtape has dropped on 2013, so it's a while ago before his announcement of his comeback in 2015.
[K9](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BJ1rn_myWH4)[KOHH](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jd69dMjmMY4)[Le1f](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t0zjfW2qY1U)
Lupe fiasco
daniel brown
Tonedeff
Aphex Twin, Bowie, Prince
lil tracy - tracys manga
not hip hop but Austra - Future Politics 
Rhyming over beats 
The rapping lol
It's pretty nebulous. I personally think people get a bit too hung up on genre boundaries.  The best music arguably blurs those borders.
All of the above. I'd say subject matter is least important in 2017 though.
The beats. Instrumental hip-hop exists and is still very hip-hop. Music can have rapping without it being hip-hop (see: Faith No More and Rage Against the Machine). 
*pulls out a bowie knife*Watch yourself out here with such slanderApparently the hook was originally meant to be sung by Stevie Nicks, which makes a lot of sense. It's a kinda Fleetwood Mac-y melody
Definitely cause that hook doesn't ruin the song especially after that Nas verse
I think your main issue is that you rap in a super monotone way and it's hard to hear you over the beat. Like there's no energy really. Also, the flow is kinda weird and the structure of the song is kinda loosely done. But you just started man, so you'll start to build a voice and rap more confidently. Just keep it up
On the production side of things your voice needs to be louder, its hard to tell how good/bad you are lol
you're rapping has almost no melody to it
go listen to his 90s shit they have even better beatsAl Boo Boo and Genie of the Lamp toorecently I've been playing a lot of Young Gully. he's got some great shit
RetcH
Not sure why but a couple days ago I hung out with one of my buddies group that I've never been around and we just bullshitted, sparked up, and freestyled a little over a lot of Famous Dex, Joey Purp, and Smoke DZA. And I don't really listen to those artists.I looked up Famous Dex on Spotify and his album art for Dexter the Robot caught my eye because I used to love Ed, Edd, and Eddy as a kid, so I gave the album a listen through. Songs like Pressure and Check n Flex are a lot better than I was expecting. I gave a few more songs some adds. It's humbling thinking you know a lot of rappers but you're still able to find new shit. I love this genre
I'm so happy everytime the bay is mentioned for reasons other than to say how corny G-Eazy is because we're so underrated. I've been getting into some older southern stuff like Geto Boys, Outkast, UGK, TI etc. Also I listen to a lot of older Young Money stuff from like 2009-2012 that I used to hate because I was that kid who would say Tupac, Em, and Biggie were the only good rappers thinking I knew 90s hip-hop.
Kamaiyah
G Perico is kickass and definitely up and coming. It's like what if YG got a jheri curl and rapped about death once in a while
I think there's definitely artists there (Boogie, RJ, AD, Nef The Pharoah, Mozzy and as others said Kamaiyah and G Perico) but there hasn't been any breakthrough artists compared to like A Boogie and Young MA on the East Coast.I think the problem is that the new West Coast sound got played out super quickly once Mustard was producing hit after hit.
I fucked with it, but i always loved his singing New Danger is just as good as ecstatic and bobs to me. This one is good but not as much as those, so if u didnt like new danger you'd hate this even more. Lot of really good beats too. You also said it was almost as bad as speeding bullet but I'm one of the few people that loved it, just like badu and andre 3k so maybe im just weird. And he still has more albums coming im sure hell get back to his rapper shit.
I think about this weekly. As of right now I consider ATLiens to be 99% flawless, as there's no musical moment that I dislike aside from the hook on ET. Aquemini is like 95% flawless because Mamacita lol. With that being said, Aquemini is still my preferred album, mainly because it was the first rap album I listened to in full. I've listened to Aquemini so many god damn times it has high points unlike any other album I've heard, and while ATLiens is more of a consistent, smooth album as a whole, Aquemini is a journey bruh. Andre and Big Boi take it a notch further in their raps in Aquemini in my eyes as well, but their production quality is still amazing in both albums. Also Aquemini gets bonus points because this is when Andre really started moving in different artistic directions with his voice, something we see even more in Stankonia and TLB. At the end of the day, whenever I think about this question, I come to the conclusion that if I had heard ATLiens before Aquemini, I would never be able to make a decision lol.
Aquemini, Da Art of Storytelling Part 1 and 2 are legendary and I don't think there's any bad songs on Aquemini, I mean I don't think there's any on ATLiens either I just find myself going back to Aquemini more, huge OutKast stan lmao
ATLiens because of the mood and aesthetic. Aquemini is probably my favourite song ever but I like the entire ATLiens album more.
ATLiens. The sound is darker and more textured and matches Dre and Big's rhymes far better. It's also a quicker and more consistent listen, I think it's a more cohesive album as a whole. Plus the whole space theme makes it more interesting than Aquemini's neo-soul vibe. Overall it's one of those albums that takes you really deep into the minds of the people who worked on it, it's definitely one of my favorite albums.
Jay is just waiting for the world to end to drop act 2, hes into all that noi shit which talks about parallels between the book of revelations (biblical book of the apocalypse) and modern america. 
I saw that on a lot of random subs I follow don't think it was exclusive to music subs.
I get Nolia Clap stuck in my head every time I make granola at work
sigh
KRIT
Danny, so many quotables and probably the hypest verse
Most people will say KRIT or Danny, who both blew it out of the water. But shout out to Joey Bada$$ who I think killed his verse.
KRIT is the best to me, but Yela's is my favorite. Perfect distillation of who he is for the wider audience that would hear that song
Yelawolf^^^/s
No one has heard of QB 2 Compton because it isn't a real album, just one of a million fan made compilations and mixtapes you can find online.
Have you heard Ridin Dirty tho? One Day-3 AM is GOAT 
https://soundcloud.com/ksficeland/ksf-classic-hip-hop-dj-set-2015
Minnesota
Basically any Yung Lean song haha. White Iverson for a specific answer though.
I listen to S80 this time of year. It's perfect for a cold night, especially if you can get a fire going
I'm always on Asap and Travis in Summer, Bino in fall, Trap in early winter, Kanye and Kendrick in late winter.
Lil Wayne - Me and My Drink or I Feel Like DyingYou can tell he understands he has a drug problem and that he knows he totally needs it to function properly. Seems to be a cry out for help, while still acknowledging that he wont listen to his peers when they say he needs to slow down the lean consumption 
His second album King Zoo is coming out later this month.
Okay albums, he has some gems in there but it's mostly filler
Still listen to them from time to time, just good flows, beats, and ok lyrics. Some highlights for me are Gang Related, Im Gone, Like Whoa, Never Been.Favorites from sun tirade either dressed like rappers or bday
Under Pressure is a really dope album and his best by far in my opinion, the production is pretty good which is probably why I think so. I only liked a handful of tracks on TITS.AA is my favorite track off Sun's Tirade. Smile would have been my favorite track if he threw it on the album
I like Under Pressure a lot 3 years ago but you're completely right about it being boring. I haven't felt the need to listen to a logic song in over a year now. The only redeemable songs on UP are the ones with Gambino and Big Sean and Nikki. As for TST, its hard for me to say one song that is my favorite because at one point Don't Matter, AA, Bday, Free Lunch and Titty and Dolla all were my favorite on that album. 
I never played the first but I really want this one. 
Manager a peasant y'all ants
Black on both sides is a top 5 album 
damn this is dope, thank you
tonight
send
Earl and Vince are such a great pairing. A lot of Vince's best verses are on Earl songs
Clearly Pac is saying he's gay 
I'm having flashbacks from 2006 with your last sentence. A time that will never be forgotten. 
Lmaooo I actually want this now
To be fair, that was the Dregan era
Yeah, exactly.Is there a genre with the highest consumers being black these days? I feel it's 50/50 with Grime but that's all I can think of. I guess maybe soul?
Well that's because whites make a higher percent of the population than blacks.  White people outnumber blacks like 3:1, so yea obviously whites will be the primary consumers of everything.  But the reason its a black dominated industry is because black rappers outnumber white rappers like 100:1
But is this not due to caucasian people being the general majority in most countries where hip-hop is prevalent? I don't know the numbers but i for one would think the percentage of black people listening to hip-hop in the western world is higher than the percentage of white people just because of the cultural background and relateability. It still a genre dominated by black people/culture. Anyways, i have never heard that response so i'm not quite sure what to think of it but it seems extremely stupid to make assumptions about what race someone else wants to be (now that i typed it out it seems extremely absurd) judging by a form of art they like. 
Indiana is a cultural wasteland.
Oh shit I thought you said rural india and was about to say that it gets a lot worse than that.
Does he just listen to old European classical music then?Pretty much all western music has black roots, what a stupid thing to say.
There goes half my library. I mean seriously, take hip hop out of the equation and there goes MJ, Prince, Marvin Gaye, Otis Redding etc. etc.I'd fucking hate to be that closeminded. Not to be sexist or anything but it's always girls that are the worst offenders in my experience with hip hop. I love hip hop!!! *Puts on Eminem, Watsky and Macklemore*
Yeah I thought he was quite clear there. But people are memeing anyway
I get not liking Coloring Book, that's fine if you think the sound sucks but idk how you can think he's so fake or a sellout, dude seems so genuine. Change doesn't mean selling out
1.) i loved 10 Day and Acid Rap, Coloring Book was a let down for me. He definitely has changed sounds but i dont think he's selling out. He had a daughter, decided to become a man, etc., he's never gunna make an Acid Rap again, but thats okay. 2.) ya generic trap music is played out. Some authentic and unique trap music will hopefully live on tho
I don't like Chance's music but I wouldn't call him trash. I respect his hustle and like how he's trying to bring a positive imagine back to the hip hop culture. 
I absolutely cannot stand Chance's voice on any song ive heard him on
Damn I agree with the chance points but calling him a sellout is harsh
HOLD ME BACK
good opinion 
I love all his albums, I wish I didn't read this.
Alright. I'm gonna break ur fuckin neck u sack of
he is mediocre 
*almost unlistenable?* i get not liking it too much but jeez
bro i'm with you. still huge travis stan bc i love all the rest so much, but for all these kids thinkin birds was good i have to question how much they understood what was unique about Trav in the first place. besides goosebumps and pick up the phone, big graph going downward emoji
i'm with you on this. DBR and Rodeo are some of my favorite projects ever, but Birds just sounds like an album full of Antidotes. 
Delet this
Drake's not always generic. He's paved a way for some guys. Definitely an icon of the late 2000's early 2010's
Yeah with KAYTRANADA's growing popularity and a lot of smaller artists popping like Amine, Khalid, Smino, Trapo, etc. I could see that wave happening
1.) to each their own i suppose.2.) Interesting. Definitely seems to be headed that way 
Good prediction. Trends to work in extremes and that sound is like the opposite of trap
Talib has two classic albums and one really good on but outside of those 3 I don't really fuck with him too hard
PNW has a lot of dope acts (not just Portland but Seattle and Idaho too) but what Amine is doing is a rarity for this area of the country, other than Jake One and Blue Scholars nobody ever gets any love and we've got hella talent up here. 
>Post GKMC KendrickYou a real one 
TPAB and Untitled Unmastered are both great, but i definitely haven't loved many of his features this last year or soEdit: also nah not those rappers lol 
Trap isn't really a wave. It's been around since Three 6 
Trap music been around for a decade+ I don't think it's going anywhere, however this style of trap music will most likely fade out 
The most annoying thing about X is how people hail his diversity but none of his stuff is more than mediocre. I might as well listen to actual established artists in the genre than weaker impressions of them. I feel like his fan base likes him a lot for his actual persona instead of his music 
xxxtentacles sounds like he discovered rza's basement after it flooded and is using the wet machines to make his music tbh
Love Slick Rick tbhInteresting. The authentic Drum's sound good, love trap style drums also though a little lol
> I think we're going to see R&B/neo-soul/rap blend a lot more in the coming years.I think you're spot on, it's really interesting that a lot of RnB dudes coming up right now also dip their toes into rapping. D.R.A.M., .Paak and even Frank Ocean are good examples of this and I think we'll see a lot more of these types of singing/rapping hybrids going forward.
famous dex and trill sammy are so trash
there's really no picturing where the rap game goes as a whole when there's this much going on. Wonder what the next trendy sound will be
in the underground scene thats been dominant the past two years with bones, suicideboys, ghostmane, ramirez etc. but that wont come to the mainstream anytime soon
Ya im more of a J Pepsi fan
I prefer J Weed
Because of who he is or because you dont like his music? 
Post Malone doesnt bother me as a person most of the time, but his music is kinda wack 
Logic is a garbage can 
throw Freddie Gibbs in there pls
how hasn't this happened yet
Oh my god. Had never thought about this but it would be amazing.
ohmangotdamnthanks for this lmao
Thanks! Loved that beat especially.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PtBWaleUOG0
If Ol English is any indication it would be flames
Unrelenting Positivity vs Immovable Depression, with a common denominator of xans
That would be so fuckin sick
Oh shit this one is good. Never knew i wanted that.
tick tock already exists
The Real Her off of Take Care features Wayne and Andre
Fr. That song How To Love? Used to HATE it when it was popular, now I fuckin love it
Only and Truffle Butter. I listened to those way too much
Weep for your gains
Blonde is low key a great workout album. Its not bangers on bangers or anything but It's pretty cathartic and emotionally intense so good for some lifts. 
Have you ever bumped asmr while benching? 
Surprisingly, my university gym played this song on their speakers and the golds gym I go to did as well. Gyms usually have the least gym music. Except for a few spots like metro flex locations. 
that song is fuckin hard bro 
Are you kidding? Nothing Was The Same is one of the most cohesive sounding albums of all time
I think take care is the better album but nwts is way more consistent
Same, I do a lot of running and ran constantly to NWTS for a long time. Every time I hear songs from that album it totally takes me back.
Man I love Well be fine but I agree that NWTS is the better project
Agree with this except We'll Be Fine is one of my favorite songs from Take Care. 
[Practice has a hilarious music video though ](https://www.google.de/amp/brobible.com/entertainment/music/article/drake-practice-video/amp/?client=safari) 
The Ride is so fucking good
That Weeknd vocal sample is incredible the way he layers his voice in the background. 
NWTS has god tier production all the way throughTuscan Leather. Furthest Thing. Started From The Bottom. Pound Cake. Hold On We're Going Home. The Languagefight me
I'm not gonna fight you I just like NWTS the best, and I think it's probably because that is when I was starting to really get into music, like actually waiting for albums to drop etc. I still listen to songs off it all the time. Also currently listening to IYRTITL and I love this album as well.
Dear god no.
That song is so fucking terrible my goodness. I love me some good pop tracks but that song is atrocious
One thing that probably won't happen, but would be cool: look at the transition from GKMC (story about his adolescence in Compton and by analogy the story of the black and brown kids from Compton, using the sound of West Coast rap that was a part of the story of those kids) to TPAB (story about his life after growing up and by analogy the story of black people in America, using the sounds of black music in a wider context). It's a process of moving forwards in his personal timeline, making an analogy to a wider context, and changing the sound to fit that wider context. Now apply that to TPAB. Where does that go? It seems to me like the obvious way would be to extend it to the stories of black people throughout the world, with Afrobeat-style instrumentals and featuring international rappers. Personally, I would find that really cool, although I'm probably biased because I'm into Nigerian rap. I would really just love to see an instrumental from [Femi Kuti](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0avd06QTdwg) or a verse from [Olamide](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4CYteZGoyyY).
He's conquered a lot of genres. Trap, jazz, funk, gangster rap. As much as I love jazz/funk Kendrick, I'm excited to see the new sonic direction he goes in. It would be cool to hear Kendrick bounce on some electronic funk stuff. Like Kaytranada style production. 
I want to see something more like GKMC. TPAB was good, but I thought it was a bit boring musically and it seems like an impossible concept to do twice.Kendrick I think is his best over trap-flavored beats (ADHD, Swimming Pools, Alright) so I hope to see more of that
the GOAT shower song
True that used to be my fav but it was spoiled for me by my freestyle over it for my Spanish class
a ross and jay album would be better than watch the throne imo
I AINT NEVER BOUGHT A BITCH MICHAEL KORS
That beat is just too good for any rapper 
Ye
Nah, I'm talking Drogas Light, Pharaoh Height, and Tetsuo & Youth.
>They are doing a great job promoting SZAThey indefinitely delayed her debut album the day it was scheduled to come out.
r/madlads
I really like the first verse on child's play. I'm not sure what I'd put as his worst verse but that definitely would not be it for me.
oh man, i used to love that song when i was like 12 but i just went back and listened and you're right, it's really bad lmao. any d12 project post-d12 world is just terrible imo. really makes you realize that eminem and proof were the only talented members of that group. 
Huh, what about his Oh My Darling verse stands out to you like that?
YEAHAWHOADEXTEEERROHHMANNGODDDAMNN
OOOHHMAAAN
Yep and lance skiiwalker
So much hate for dex on this sub, i really enjoy his goofy style and think it's really fun
Shit im dumb, thanks bro. Lol, I was wondering why nooone was talking about it
would grime then be considered hip hop as well?
How is that different than R&B tho? 
Trip hop, hip house, electro hop, grime, dancehall, and acid jazz would like to have a word with you.
Hip hop doesn't have to have rapping and not everything with rapping is hip hop.
If you don't think that hook is trash, you're crazy. Nas had a great verse, but it doesn't change the hook
Thanks I'll keep that in mind!
Yeah I mixed it real lowNever noticed how low it was until people started mentioning it
Co-sign Gully, ever since you put me onto I Don't Wanna Rap No More I've been listening to his other shit. Dudes dope
Similarly Da$H
Yo holy shit this is exactly my thoughts. ATLiens is GOAT tho to me
Mamacita?
That sounds dope having a fire going with the intro skit to Fuck Your Ethnicity playing.
Me and my drink is so good
100% agree with I Feel Like Dying. Incredible song, my fav weezy track
It looks so good man. First one is dope but this one looks like it'd blow that shit out the water. I don't even know what that means but yeah
Dont tease me like that
PM'd
Can I please get that too?
I feel like they push eachother so much
If you can watch the episode of chamberlain heights with Pac. He's gay alright 
> A time that will never be forgotten.Sometimes I wish it could be. It's unfortunate that Dre's legacy has been reduced to post-Strictly Business/Romp hyphy music by what seems to be the majority of his fans.
I feel like the primary consumers of gospel music are black but that's about it
grimes probably mostly white in my experience, but i would imagine bashments audience is mostly black, maybe stuff like drill
Are you from London? Whenever I'm down there grime seems 50/50 but I'm from up north and there are a loooot of white guys onto grime here I think it might be at least a little bit skewed to white since the whole new Skepta/Stromzy wave. 
I think that's mainly because white people make up most of the population in western countries. I got no idea what kind of music is prevalent in african culture, but i'd guess if there is a special genre having it's origins in regions mainly populated by black people that genre would also have a majority of black consumers.
3 more years until I pay off student loans and I can get out. Cannot wait
pop shit and white rap
Yeah I thought it was funny, outlet is hard though. I don't like the part at the end as much but I'm glad he's been able to make some good music 
All I see is his historic grammy night coming up and I feel it's because he made CB with a grammy in mind, and everything he posts on twitter just seems as if he's baiting to be relatable,  he's just a huge bait for mainstream and awards imo
Yea wtf
Nah get at him
I said if you think Drake is generic. I think he has some creative moments too, but a lot of people think he's made a lot of paint by the numbers type songs recently and I tend to agree with him. Your opinion might be different though.
Khalid is so dope. Saved and Location are smooth af. 
Yeah, I wont front like everyone should feel the same way about Talib haha. Ive come around on everyone else i initially hated so itll just take some time for me
Have you heard Gutter Rainbows? 
I fuck with Seattle but I don't think I know anyone from Idaho, put me onJake One's career is actually pretty damn huge for how much he flies under the radar, he's produced for a ton of people
lol i never listened to them. i just think its funny how theres a whole new wave of up and coming lil rappers that all look ridiculous. theres more than what i mentioned too 
Yeah, especially his feature on pop songs.
I don't know him personally, but i dislike his public figure. I don't like the music, really. I like some joints but overall it does not entertain me to hear him rap. The beats are dope tho
You're welcome haha. To answer your question I'd love to see Maxo Kream and Isaiah Rashad together, it could suck cause Maxo's voice is grimy and Isaiah makes smooth music but they both have a Southern influence and maybe if it was over a beat like Maxo's Smoke Break or if it was a solid trap beat Isaiah would kill it, idk. But I wanna see it
This gonna be the most dgaf song.
That's what made me want it haha. I feel like Gibbs is great with everyone he works with tho. Might be the best feature artist around rn.
Same here. Just popped into my head lol. Q has shown he can rap well over funk/jazz/more laid back production with Am I Wrong so I think he could fit really well into a George Clinton & Parliament sound
Omg im the same way  used to be one of those Wayne is garbage guys. Actully listened to a few albums...waynes in my top 10 now haha
On Take Care, Drake was very much in an R&B, smooth headspace. On NWTS, he's trying to do trap, lyrical soul sample, pop, R&B and trying to appeal to every listener.
Yeah wtf, here I am agreeing that NWTS is the best Drake album and he says we'll be fine is bad. Bruh
That would be dope. It's a realistic scenario imo, because afrobeat is a somewhat unexplored field for top tier rappers like him. A similiar way to look at his past two albums would be GKMC = past and TPAB = present. So maybe, his next work will address more issues of the future.
A+ answer, I could totally see Kendrick going over some poly-rhythmic Fela Kuti type stuff
I'd rather have just Kendrick over all metro beats
Did you freestyle in Spanish? 
Underrated project
Ok, my bad. I had no time to listen to Drogas light yet. Already bought it.
TDE never gave a release date neither did SZA , it was a mistake by Billboard. See here : http://djbooth.net/mobile/feature/2017-02-02-sza-ctrl-coming-soon
> you can all run naked backwards through a field of dicksThere's virtually 0 content to it. It's not a bad verse, it's just his weakest in my opinion.
u crazy for this one
I dont mind goofy at all (Im a yachty fan), but something about Dex is just so cheeks to me. I can't really describe why
Well yeah, not to offend any grime fans (although I'm one too), but I've always thought of grime as a subgenre of hip-hop.
R&b is singing 
[This song's hot](https://youtu.be/WBawdqcK5KA?t=3m34s)
Definitely the weakest on the track list.. but even then, I don't hate it
me too plz
Me too plz 
That's how they feel as well
If you watch Chamberlain heights you prob gay too 
The South loves gospel radio
smh at this man
Damn dude I don't see why you gotta be so pessimistic about a man just trying to spread positivity. I really don't see how anyone could construe what Chance does as 'sell out'..to me he just oozes authenticity and charisma and charm.
To be honest, I agree with you. I enjoyed Coloring Book a bit (certainly not as much as Acid Rap), but ever since last year everything he's done has been seen by me as a caricature of the perception people have of his personality. Like everything he does is a calculated decision to fit that unique persona. 
I love Chancellor
Its pretty common for an artist to make a more mainstream album to blow up and then go for more original shit once they're famous so just wait for his next one. And i dont think he compromised who he is for coloring book, just happy vibrant raps and beats like usual
The Jamaican accent wasn't a great move
I used to feel the same about Talib until I heard Ms. Hill, that song is so incredible 
ylti is probably the best doing it in Idaho right now Word Jake One is the homie, I grew up like right down the street from him, his discography is pretty crazy considering he's never thought of when mentioning dope producers. Signed to Rhymesayers he's produced for DOOM, Brother Ali. Also Drake, Ross, and a handful of other big ass names. I got mad love for that guy. 
Fair enough! As long as you conceded that there were some songs you bumped
Maxo could be a great change of pace feature at the end of a smooth Isaiah track.
Holy shit that would be NUTS. Smoke Break is a great example of some kind of common sound, that hook is super catch. Anyone know who produced it?
Isaiah live is a lot more aggressive than his recorded stuff imo, so I could see this working
I honestly want Isaiah to just do some ridin around shit like Smile, and that'd be pretty dope with Maxo on it. 
Gibbs is so diverse, he can rap over anything
If not the best feature artist then the most versatile at least. 
Take care also includes make me proud, underground kings, lord knows, we'll be fine, headlines, and the motto. Definitely isn't consistently rnb. I think in terms of tone, nwts is more consistent, but sonically I feel like they're pretty even in that regard
Yeah, that makes sense. GKMC starts and ends in the past, TPAB starts in the past and ends in the present, and his next album could start in the past and end in the future (so, looking at where he and by analogy black people throughout the world will go next). That produces the interesting possibility of having an album which starts and ends in the future - maybe with a sound inspired by [Sun Ra-type Afrofuturism](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-3Vdx87BmB8).
A mix of Spanish and English
I hope you enjoy it, man. I thought it was a good listen.
They never came out and corrected it until like the night before though. They had to have know people expected it to come out on that date. That is horrible PR on their part
Word, I can feel that. Even at his stunt-iest, El always hides lil paranoid gems of insight in there. Guess that verse is kinda lacking in themBut that line's so fuuuuuuun
Idk man watching his music videos and shit makes me like the music. Watching his ugly ass cheesin while spitting his wack ass bars makes me love the music. Plus his style is at least semi original 
crooning about your ex
The bassline and verses are dope. Reports that the hook ruins the song have been greatly exaggerated.
PM'd
PM'd
Yeah lmao I swear its just a mentality now to hate shit. Like what some people see as fake and trying too hard, a lot of other people see as charisma, which is a huuuge part of hip hop. Like shit, Chance has a kid, he's sober, got a girl, he's fucking made it like he's bonafide star, one of the biggest names in the game.. why the fuck does he have to be all drugged out and shit like on Acid RapAlso people over exagerate how religious CB was. Like both Blessings, How Great intro, Drown and like the title of Angels are religious ish, i never got the 'in your face' religious vibe from itI swear the dudes that complain about CB being too religious hated Big Sean's Blessings because it's named after some religious shit lmao
Maybe sometimes you just step into the role people make for you. 
Dats wan ting we can agree on bredren 
Like he produced on The Percocet and Stripper joint and Acid Rain but also dope underground shit like Vakill's Armor of God and One Be Lo albums, he's one of my favorite versatile producers
Drive Slow, Devil In a New Dress and Touch The Sky are really good
Yeah it would sound sick, two of my fave new (ish) artists. Chuck Inglish produced that track
Yeah that's true, I think it'd be dope
Agreed, that's my favorite Isaiah song
That's pretty dope dude 
on some Pitbull shit lmao 
So ready for this. Roc Marci top 5 most underrated rappers ever imo. Was hoping for some Daringer or Alchemist production but it's gonna be fire regardless. 
This should be the number 1 post right now.We got a knxwledge beat too? Word.
This dude is so slept on. Hopefully he can get his share of fame soon.
This week?! Ahh hell yeah 
HE SAID PT.1 WHAAT 
looking forward to this
I cant wait to here this, especially excited for thr Knxwkedge production
HELL YEA LETS GET IT ROC 
That cover is ehhhh but that snippet sounded dope. Expecting nothing less than greatness of course. But does anyone know who else used that beat that's in the snippet? I've definitely heard it before somewhere. Maybe he released that track already and I heard it?
Oh shit a song named Burkina Faso? RIP Thomas Sankara
Only features are Ka and Knowledge Pirate just like Reloaded. Glad he's still doing a lot of his own production, Emeralds and Death Parade are two of my favorite instrumentals of all time. 
Who are your other 4?
What do you mean?
Also in his Facebook bio it says album and movie coming soon 
yo that is definitely the beat from Isaiah Rashads song Wats Wrong
I honestly don't have a list but Roc would be there for sure. Sheek Louch is another that comes to mind. There are a ton of NY rappers that got overshadowed.
I'd throw Pharoahe Monch on that list probably, I mean like heads really know who he is but I always felt he never got his due. maybe Sean P, i'm with /u/manoftheyeah in that NY rappers mostly got overshadowed
Z-Ro
The tracklist picture caption is Rosebudds Revenge pt 1
No, it's the same sample. Doesn't make it the same beat. 
I'd throw him on the list but he's my #1 all time so I reserve underrated for rappers just outta my top 10 with similar ability but smaller catalogs. Ras Kass, Chino XL, RA the Rugged Man come to mind. Pharoahe is GOAT to me with Gza and Black Thought close behind... who could also have an argument as most underratedBut like you said, heads know
BREAKING: ARTIST REFUSES TO COMPRIMISE ON HIS VISIONOn the real tho if you're gonna bitch about how he wants to perform why have have him perform at all? One thing I really really admire about Frank is how confident he is in calling his own shots - it's brought him a whole lot of cultural cache 
If you read the actual rolling stone article, those same producers say they were instrumental in Kanye's growth. With that Frank stuff, they think of themselves way too highly.
Since when has this performance been considered faulty? What does that even mean? It's bad because it wasn't some huge spectacle that's been seen a thousand times before?  Regardless,  >Think I'm-a wear the yellow tux at the Grammy's  And rock out with my cock out...- Frank Ocean, Astro 2012
what a fucking savage. as if i couldn't respect frank's artistic integrity even more
Frank's response: http://frankocean.tumblr.com/post/157125310721/ok-ken-and-david-as-much-as-i-hate-to-make-you> OK KEN (AND DAVID). AS MUCH AS I HATE TO MAKE YOU GUYS FAMOUS OR EVEN RESPOND TO YOU DIRECTLY. WE ALL DIE ONE DAY AND YOURE OLD SO FUCK IT. YEA YEA MY 2013 PERFORMANCE AT THE GRAMMYS WAS ABSOLUTE SHIT. TECHNICAL DIFFICULTIES, BLAH BLAH. THANKS FOR THE REMINDER. VERY MUCH APPRECIATED. FUCK THAT PERFORMANCE THOUGH. YOU THINK THATS WHY I KEPT MY WORK OUT OF THE GRAMMY PROCESS THIS YEAR? DONT YOU THINK I WOULDVE WANTED TO PLAY THE SHOW TO REDEEM MYSELF IF I FELT THAT WAY? IN REALITY, I ACTUALLY WANTED TO PARTICIPATE IN HONORING PRINCE ON THE SHOW BUT THEN I FIGURED MY BEST TRIBUTE TO THAT MANS LEGACY WOULD BE TO CONTINUE TO BE MYSELF OUT HERE AND TO BE SUCCESSFUL. WINNING A TV AWARD DOESNT CHRISTEN ME SUCCESSFUL. IT TOOK ME SOME TIME TO LEARN THAT. I BOUGHT ALL MY MASTERS BACK LAST YEAR IN THE PRIME OF MY CAREER, THATS SUCCESSFUL. BLONDE SOLD A MILLION PLUS WITHOUT A LABEL, THATS SUCCESSFUL. I AM YOUNG, BLACK, GIFTED AND INDEPENDENT.. THATS MY TRIBUTE. IVE ACTUALLY BEEN TUNING INTO CBS AROUND THIS TIME OF YEAR FOR A WHILE TO SEE WHO GETS THE TOP HONOR AND YOU KNOW WHATS REALLY NOT 'GREAT TV GUYS? 1989 GETTING ALBUM OF THE YEAR OVER TO PIMP A BUTTERFLY. HANDS DOWN ONE OF THE MOST 'FAULTY TV MOMENTS IVE SEEN. BELIEVE THE PEOPLE. BELIEVE THE ONES WHOD RATHER WATCH SELECT PERFORMANCES FROM YOUR PROGRAM ON YOUTUBE THE DAY AFTER BECAUSE YOUR SHOW PUTS THEM TO SLEEP. USE THE OLD GRAMOPHONE TO ACTUALLY LISTEN BRO, IM ONE OF THE BEST ALIVE. AND IF YOURE UP FOR A DISCUSSION ABOUT THE CULTURAL BIAS AND GENERAL NERVE DAMAGE THE SHOW YOU PRODUCE SUFFERS FROM THEN IM ALL FOR IT. HAVE A GOOD NIGHT.
They're not wrong but at the same time Frank doesn't really need any gimmicky bullshit, it'd be cool to have a star making jaw dropping moment but it's fine that it wasn't that either.
Sounds bitter
Just shows how out of touch old heads are, especially ones that were successful in the entertainment industry prior to the major culture change that took place in the late 00's.
At first I thought it was producers who won the Grammy lol
Frank's Response from his [tumblr](http://frankocean.tumblr.com/post/157125310721/ok-ken-and-david-as-much-as-i-hate-to-make-you):>OK KEN (AND DAVID). AS MUCH AS I HATE TO MAKE YOU GUYS FAMOUS OR EVEN RESPOND TO YOU DIRECTLY. WE ALL DIE ONE DAY AND YOURE OLD SO FUCK IT. YEA YEA MY 2013 PERFORMANCE AT THE GRAMMYS WAS ABSOLUTE SHIT. TECHNICAL DIFFICULTIES, BLAH BLAH. THANKS FOR THE REMINDER. VERY MUCH APPRECIATED. FUCK THAT PERFORMANCE THOUGH. YOU THINK THATS WHY I KEPT MY WORK OUT OF THE GRAMMY PROCESS THIS YEAR? DONT YOU THINK I WOULDVE WANTED TO PLAY THE SHOW TO REDEEM MYSELF IF I FELT THAT WAY? IN REALITY, I ACTUALLY WANTED TO PARTICIPATE IN HONORING PRINCE ON THE SHOW BUT THEN I FIGURED MY BEST TRIBUTE TO THAT MANS LEGACY WOULD BE TO CONTINUE TO BE MYSELF OUT HERE AND TO BE SUCCESSFUL. WINNING A TV AWARD DOESNT CHRISTEN ME SUCCESSFUL. IT TOOK ME SOME TIME TO LEARN THAT. I BOUGHT ALL MY MASTERS BACK LAST YEAR IN THE PRIME OF MY CAREER, THATS SUCCESSFUL. BLONDE SOLD A MILLION PLUS WITHOUT A LABEL, THATS SUCCESSFUL. I AM YOUNG, BLACK, GIFTED AND INDEPENDENT.. THATS MY TRIBUTE. IVE ACTUALLY BEEN TUNING INTO CBS AROUND THIS TIME OF YEAR FOR A WHILE TO SEE WHO GETS THE TOP HONOR AND YOU KNOW WHATS REALLY NOT 'GREAT TV GUYS? 1989 GETTING ALBUM OF THE YEAR OVER TO PIMP A BUTTERFLY. HANDS DOWN ONE OF THE MOST 'FAULTY TV MOMENTS IVE SEEN. BELIEVE THE PEOPLE. BELIEVE THE ONES WHOD RATHER WATCH SELECT PERFORMANCES FROM YOUR PROGRAM ON YOUTUBE THE DAY AFTER BECAUSE YOUR SHOW PUTS THEM TO SLEEP. USE THE OLD GRAMOPHONE TO ACTUALLY LISTEN BRO, IM ONE OF THE BEST ALIVE. AND IF YOURE UP FOR A DISCUSSION ABOUT THE CULTURAL BIAS AND GENERAL NERVE DAMAGE THE SHOW YOU PRODUCE SUFFERS FROM THEN IM ALL FOR IT. HAVE A GOOD NIGHT.
that performance was amazing and the only one I remember that year.  Just more proof of how out of touch the grammy's really are.
They didn't bitch. They let him do it they just told him it was a bad idea. They were asked about it 4 years later and they said they told him it wouldn't work out right. They didn't force him to do anything and he didn't compromise on his vision. 
A lot of people don't like Frank's vocal performance there. They say he's off-key. I always thought he intentionally changed the vocal melody of the performance, but there's a video of him practicing (with the synced running footage and everything) and singing the studio version's melody, so I guess they're right. Edit: nvm, the rehearsal footage has him making similar alterations to the melody, so it was intentional. Idk what the problem is, then.
I feel like that would've worked better in a live setting in a relatively small venue. On tv it just looked out of sync and a bit bizzare
lol yeah, the grammys are really out of touch because you liked his performance. The shows producers told him it wouldn't be great tv, and they were dead right since his performance was gimmicky and not particularly well received. 
They called him childlike. Seems pretty condescending and bitchmade if you ask me.
God forbid an artist perform a live version of their own song differently.
I'm pretty sure it was he original version of the song, Tyler mentions it in an interview somewhere. I would find it but I'm trying to act like I'm working. 
Got a link to that video?
I absolutely love Frank's music but he was badly off-key when he sang for that performance. When he says technical issue it probably had to do with his monitors and couldn't hear himself singing. 
I just watched the video of the grammy performance and he was definitely off key a bunch of times, you even hear him badly mess up when trying to hit a note for a run [here](https://youtu.be/iHyo82Zqx6U?t=137) and he makes a face like he knew he fucked it and got nervous. I'm as big a fan of frank as there is but even I can accept he wasn't perfect here. And thats okay! People don't have to have perfect performances all the time. But I don't know what performance you were listening to where you think he was on key
no dipshit, the grammys are out of touch because of shit like Taylor Swift beating out TPAB, or MBDTF not being nominated for album of the year, or fucking Steely Dan winning best album over Marshall Mathers LP.  They are so out of touch people like Frank, Kanye, Drake etc. don't even submit their work anymore.  You're blind as hell if you think the Grammys are a good way of showing what is good and what is gimmicky and not particularly well recieved
Well maybe he was being childlike
>  What I have learned is the artists who will have the discussion with Ken at the very start and figure out an idea and execute it, those always work. But there are some people who don't want to 'come and play', in a childlike sense, I would say that doesn't tend to go as well.I don't think he said childlike in a condescending way, he was just using an awkward metaphor to say playing along always works better.
He has every right to do so but if it sucks, it sucks. If he made a departure from the original version that enhanced the song, then by all means. But for me and many others, it was a poor vocal performance. Both for his strange altered delivery and pitchy vocals. If you're going to have a stripped down performance with minimal instrumentation then the performance will rely even heavier on your vocals to shine. In this case, he failed.
wdym the original version of the song? It seems like the version on CO, he's just missing a lot of the notes
First thing that comes up when search for Frank Ocean Grammy rehearsal on YouTube. 
Someone said he couldn't hear his keyboard or the background music so yeah it makes sense that it was a monitor issue
I know the grammys are out of touch. Saying Franks performance wouldn't work is a case of the grammys being right though, since his performance wasn't well received. I'm not saying the grammys are right about everything, just that this is not an example of them being out of touch.
Judging by that comment frank could have got swifty can shat on the stage and you'd still be blaming the live show producers for holding him back. of course that was the only performance you remember...How about, the team behind the live performances, who have plenty of experience in this field specifically, didn't think Franks idea was good for TV and went for it anyway. It sucked. The grammy's is not some single cell organism whos main objective is to kill rap....there are many parties involved and only some of those parties are not hip hop fans
nah. frank doesn't need the grammys as much as the grammys need people like frank.  they don't have a right to be that condescending on the artists vision that is bringing them ratings
pretty sure there were technical problems on the day of, which explains why he was off pitch (he couldn't hear his keyboard)
That was less to do with the visuals though, and more to do with his vocal performance as I remember. I saw an interview with Tyler where he said that Frank wasn't happy about that performance, either.
Doesn't really change my comment
> frank doesn't need the grammys as much as the grammys need people like frankPeople like Frank will come and go and the Grammys will still be here.I hear similar things about the UFC and shit they need the fighters more than the fighters need them well...maybe, but they need the fighters not a fighter.
Has nothing to do with what I'm saying. Artists are taking the Grammys less and less serious every year
Literally only hiphop artist who the grammys have never catered to or cared about bruhhhhh.
Nice interview. Just 2 friends talking really
dude i did not know sage had writing credits on frank's album. holy shit that's awesome 
sage is so talented at whatever he does, its crazy. whether is skating, music, sports.. crazy. here are some of my favorite skate videos of sage if youre into that kinda thing:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XbjSUiaXHzMhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yfJI9R9pXXghttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HjAe5gXw0jkhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MsWJYm4GlAwedit: if you like those skate videos i recommend watching this one too: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-JPVoWt75i8
[Here](http://quartersnacks.com/2017/02/an-interview-with-sage-elsesser/) is a link to the interview
Earl is a good interviewer. His interview with Mike Tyson is actually really good 
Quartersnacks is so dope, good interview situation 
Been time since i checked out a skate video. Props on the freshness.
More than half of his OVO squad are Muslims why would anyone assume he did that makes 0 sense
People really trying to say that someone from Toronto doesn't know what a hijab is?
I GOT FAKE NEWS SHOWING FAKE LOVE TO ME. 
If they don't have a story these days they'll make one.
This reminds me of the day when Views dropped and I was walking home and saw 2 Hijabis sitting in the park smoking weed listening to Views
Frist he enjoyed abit of banter and then went to nandos... what a ***LAD***
What even was the original story? 
Drake is a good dude. 
Drizzy
Drizzy doesn't discriminize
Yeah sounds like Drake
>And you got a drop but you ride around with the top up / Or get three SUV's for niggas dressed like refugees>The RideThat's a fake ass story. Both the OVO manager (Oliver El-Khatib) and Drake's main producer 40 are of middle eastern descent. Drake is regularly surrounds himself with people of Muslim descent, knew this was fake when I saw it on facebook.
Drake will never make a bad PR move in his career lmao just look how carefully he approached the Birdman/Wayne situation... he ain't Migos
Preach 
Never even heard the original story.
I imagined him saying that with his deep voice 
Damn that was really well said. I expected some ayes and tings
I like Drake
Whom? I think you mean whomstve'd
[Link to the post](https://www.instagram.com/p/BQWXN8djHtw/)& this is off topic but damn that's a nice set
Know some Somalis that say we got it, Wallahi
Seems pretty genuine. Much better than what 21 savage did after that it's mandatory for women to fuck me cuz I'm famous tweet. Then people called him out and He was basically like y'all are dumb for believing I like rape lol. Yea anyways I don't think drake is a bigot
The last sentence is awesome. People are trying to divide each other all the time. Sometimes even when they have good intentions.
I follow French hip hop news and it was actually a pretty big story. A large amount of artists and fans in that scene are Muslim, or come from countries with a big Islamic presence so there was some outrage at Drakes initial comments.
say walahi, fam
i thought it was gonna be about trav falling through the hole hah
Yeah but who ghostwrote this
>I enjoy friendly banterMUY LOCO PINOCCHIOOOO 
If they don't have a story these they'll make one 
Reads like drake is my HR manager
>whoever made up this story should spend more time learning about other culturesdoesn't get you as many clicks 'n $$$ tho...
HE WILL NOT DIVIDE US
Fuck racism.
He really is a cool dude.
Exactly how to handle the situation.
Not a fan of his music, but he seems like a good guy.
Who tweeted the rumor? 
Could someone provide some context?
FAKE NEWS
s/o drizzy
I hope he actually wrote this himself..
He so international tho!
i read the thread title and assumed it was about travis falling in the hole
Can't have Real Friends when you've got Fake Love
Jimmy was with a Muslim in degrassi wasn't he??
Great PR move by Aubrey. you hate to hear stuff like this
Alternative Facts 
Lol this is what our world has come to. The sensitive levels are off the charts. 
Imagine if someone from Trumps administration planted that story to get back at Drake for recently speaking out against Trump
Wait so he admits he made a joke but he was kiddin around? Like im cool with the joke and all im just confused about the whole thing 
Ok.
inb4 ting
Drake's social media ghostwriters excel at multiculturalism.
Why is this on here
Honestly thought this would be about him ripping off XXXTENTACION at first
Seriously wtf is up with fake news these days this shits getting out of hand. 
Drake is racist and hates muslims straight up. 
Okay
Devastating  I don't think that means what you think it means
Same people that are making shit up about our president 
Wait like who I only know that like maybe Majid is muslim?
People who heard this story and know who Drake is and not what OVO is. These people have probably never listened to/heard a non-radio Drake song either.
Also his dad is a Muslim
Ain't 40 a Muslim ffs Edit: I'm wrong
Exactly. 
because controversy gains clicks
>  why would anyone assume he did that makes 0 senseBecause everyone tryna be offended and make other people look bad for it
Drake kind of looks Muslim, honestly.
Yeah no kidding. I knew the story of was fake as soon as I heard it.
I was raised Muslim and I've seen more Hijabs in Canada than back home lol. No shit they've seen a lot of it.
I have even seen OVO hijabs
Real hate*
[removed]
Straight up to my screen 
Yeah I wear hijab and when I first saw the video I immediately assumed he was talking to someone with a knit scarf around their neck. What's even more irritating is that certain muslim male youtubers were using it as an opportunity to chastise the hijabis who go to drake concerts.
Alternate facts. 
I gotta watch my back, cause I'm not just anybody 
Lol wtf 
Just another day in Brampton
Maybe it's not a hijab. Maybe it's some sort of African cultural headdress. Like the thing that doesn't cover the ears and really only covers the hair. 
Absolutely haram
Cheeky
The absolute madman
Someone on Twitter started a rumor saying he told a girl with a hijab to take her scarf off.
There was a video of Drake telling a girl (in a super light hearted manner) to take a scarf of her head because it was about to get hot. 
Honestly though, people give him so much shit but the only questionable thing he's done I can think of was maybe the cudi comment.
he's a star and he's good at it. he stays in the spotlight without causing a stir. (cough ye cough)
Drakes manufacturers know how to produce the appearance of a good dude.
What was the purpose of this comment 
He'll have his heart broken by just about any woman who walks past him, paying no attention to race or religion. 
drake dont conversate with the fake
I was talking to 4 women one of whom was wearing a jacket and a winter scarf definitely Drake. 
>Muslim decentWtf is that Islam is a religion not a race
Listen to his recent interview with coach K. The guy takes his career and what he has so fucking seriously it's amazing. He'll never fuck up. Guys a legend. 
Refresh my memory?
Wednesday Night Interlude
He probably wanted to address it before the story got spread around. Good on him for responding respectfully.
Sexy deep voice 
real ting aye dadyyyyyyyyyyy bumboclat badmon ye mon u know how da ting is eh
imlikebitchtakeoffthatscarf, aye
Whom'st'd't'elair
The globe is an art project that shows the life of a star which debuted at an city art festival called nuit blanche in toronto.
Not to start shit but didn't Kanye already did a [set](https://consequenceofsound.files.wordpress.com/2013/12/kanye-west-yeezus-tour-by-joshua-mellin_11447070496_l.jpg) like that.
Warya!
outrage over nothing, drake been rollin with muslims since time. People ready to get on their high horse at a moments notice
Outraged when they don't even know the full story. 
glad I wasn't the only one!
drake LAD
there was a video of Drake jokingly telling a fan who was wearing a winter scarf to take that scarf off and someone made up a story that the fan was a Muslim wearing a hijab and he was telling her to take it off
The woman was not wearing a hijab. Just a normal scarf.
Nah that's just Toronto. I guess most don't realize how multicultural the city is.
Hahahahaha 
He didn't rip him off but I thought it was about that as well
That dude is trash he didn't rip him off, he quoted one of his shitty lines. Dudes a rapist lol, but I thought it was gonna be about Travis Scott falling off his stage 
Wrong sub buddy 
That guy who looks like Roger from American Dad that he chills with looks Somali 
878 Dreamteam aka Halal Gang wit Drake's team too, Safe's Muslim and he's the poster child of the OVO gear. Like /u/chanceofdrizzy said why would someone make that shit up? Fake news plaguing the world
Drake's DJ, Future the Prince is Muslim.
Majid is muslim.Source: Grew up with Majid.
Noah James Shebib, aka 40, aka Drake's producer who crafted his whole sound lol...I'm sure he didn't grow up Muslim but he's Lebanese-Irish
[deleted]
I'm not sure what nav is but he looks of middle eastern descent. No clue though
his DJ Future The Prince is muslim, 
[smoke dawg](http://imgur.com/a/gdVs8)
> Wait **like** who I only know that **like** maybe Majid is muslim?Are you retarded?
Or been to Toronto aparently
man. you aint the only person to listen to a non-radio drake song. that shit sound the same anyway. clown
Really? I thought he is catholic
He is?
He's Jewish
????
Out of curiosity, where is back home for you? 
Halal in the streets Haram in the sheets.
LMAOO 
RIP
Gotdam fam got me bustin a gut
> What's even more irritating is that certain muslim male youtubers were using it as an opportunity to chastise the hijabis who go to drake concerts.Also I seen a few of them doing this last year.
Dunno about Canada, but growing up in America while not being Christian was hard. And it has to be worse being a Muslim post 9/11. People don't remember, but it used to just be good old let's hate blacks and Jews before that.
> lies. 
FAKE NEWS 
I know... it's a fairly uninteresting anecdote
Like a ball cap 
if it did happen that way, no respectable news paper, or blogs or whatever, would go on like a 12 yr old girl spreading rumours everywhere about how Ms Stevensen told her off when she wasn't even at school type of situation. They would need to know for a fact, not like the orange man getting the news he likes and everything is fake news.
Some people have no morals
Cudi dissed him first like wtf
Even then, people are entitled to their opinion.
And called Meek a pussy lmao
Do people give him actual hate? Like I'll never be able to take someone named Aubrey seriously but that's just me, and I still dig a lot of his shit. 
affirmation  
Lil Wayne had his heart broken by a woman named Tammy, but hoes gonna be hoes so he couldn't blame Tammy.
u know what he meant. would 'muslim background' make you feel better? 
Used To
Drake: ayye OVO unruly badman ting ehguy: Sir, I just asked you whether you'd like a coke or pepsi
People love to jump on you for any reason when your name is big enough. They didn't even need proof or the full story.
>since timesince little days
Is this the new I'm not racist I've got lots of black friends. Of course drake isn't a racist or a bigot so there's no need to say he has muslims friends, cmon give the man some credit. He doesn't need that to back him up.
[deleted}
Tbh seems a lot like he did, Drake's known to be a culture vulture. Even Earl called him out on his shit before
I don't like X but we have 0 reason to think he's a rapist
You're dumb asf
Nah haha, his shit's actually good, he's got way more than 'Look At Me'. Personally I feel X has more talent as an artist than Drake.
Nah Drake is our prez
[lmao, you're right](http://media.gettyimages.com/photos/artist-manager-cortez-bryant-recording-artist-drake-dj-future-the-picture-id116674189)
That's ~~oliver~~ safe~~I think he's a made guy haha~~
FUCK LMAO
I'm so happy I read this description before I saw a pic of him
I was like 'thats an unfair comparison' then I saw his picture and thought 'damn he was right!'
Ohh ok I know about Halal Gang i forgot they were hella close with OVO. And truu Drake fucks with the Muslims idk why someone would slander him
The fact that he's got any drops of Jewish blood in him will serve the confirmation bias of those who want to believe. 
safe aint muslim but some of halal gang are.
Damn what's it like now/how was he back then
Bayan school represent
He's Jew so he probably knew what a muslim was 
I thought he was Jewish?
Nav is IndianSource: went to school with nav
Come on dude, don't be an asshole. 
Obviously, the vast majority of the world has never been to toronto. Thanks for letting us know.
This is how misinformation gets spread. Throw the nuance in the trash and it's easy to believe things like this. 
That isn't particularly a sound argument lol. Look at the diversity in America and then look at how many shitty people there are that oppose diversity.
he's wrong. 40 is a jewish canadian too lol
West Africa. 
Prolly like Pakistan or something. 
What's the logic behind their criticism?
Not even the Muslim male youtubers. I've scrolled through some posts on IG about this and there's so many hijabis bashing on each other making up their own fatwas. 
Sorry bro, I'm catholic but part of my ancestry come from Arabia and they where Muslims, I have a lot of respect for them, and it sucks that a lot of people is so ignorant
Go and talk to your average Sunni Arab and you'll see a level of hatred for black people and Jews that hasn't existed in America for a very long time.
Seriously when did this alternate facts shit start? Let's call it what it is, lies.
You a real one. 
views from the bench
A durag
And yet here we are.
I don't think you've been paying attention to the fake news and celebrity gossip these respectable blogs and online news publication post nowadays. Facts and sources don't matter anymore. 
The way the video looked to me he was like quit covering your pretty face with that (knitted, winter) scarf babe.  You're too pretty to hide.  It just seemed like he was trying to be nice and pay her a compliment and talk with people. 
i think the issue was, not everyone could see what happened, and decided to tell what they assumed happened. People were tweeting about it, and thats all some media outlets need to build a story off apparently.
Yeah I still can't belive people got up in arms about that. I have depression too and it doesn't just give you an excuse to be a dick whenever you want to whoever you want. Cudi took shots at him and he responded simple as that. You don't get to be untouchable because you're going through a rough spot. Plus what Drake said did not come close to crossing any lines.
When did Cudi diss him? I've heard this before so I believe you, I just don't actually know what it's from
Cudi been dissing himself for a long time.
The only hate I've seen directed at him that has any real basis in reality is that his whole started at the bottom type act is bullshit. And I mean, the dude played a regular character on one of the more popular Canadian TV shows, so I doubt he was out there struggling for a paycheck. But even so, rappers make shit up all the time for the sake of building a persona, so who cares?
You're a dumbass
The problem comes from confusing the difference between religion and race/ethnicity.
haha real ovo ting der eh
We want people to become big/stars only so we can watch them fall. 
He doesn't *need* it, but it proves his point, doesn't it?
Lol right? Those people in Selma really should have just stayed in their place hahahahaha
Fuck off. I'm sure you have a 10th grade biology final to study for.
Sounds like a typical response to protest
stay in school 
Maybe not a rapist, but a [psychopath](http://pitchfork.com/thepitch/1437-xxxtentacion-is-blowing-up-behind-bars-should-he-be/) for sure 
[lol](http://pitchfork.com/thepitch/1437-xxxtentacion-is-blowing-up-behind-bars-should-he-be/) 
Yiiiiikes
Oliver is not somali lol I know he's Lebanese but I'm not sure if he's Muslim. I think the guy above is talking about Safe
is this the same SAFE that was workin with das racist and their affiliates like 5 years ago
Safe is Muslim but not Somali. He's Eritrean. 
AWHOOLAY
Are you just making shit up?The entire Halal Gang is Muslim, unless Safe specifically stated otherwise recently I highly doubt that considering I've went to the Mosque with his older brothers.
lol what
We weren't buddies, just went to highschool together, he was a year younger.Very mellow guy, all around pleasant. I think he was on the basketball team as well.It's a bit strange that he's going by Canadian artist when the dude is Bahraini.
BBS
Shit that's awesome, thanks for the info
I live in Toronto, and in my daily interaction with thousands of Torontonians, 100% of them have been to Toronto. Therefore I can conclude that everyone has been to Toronto with a statistical uncertainty of +/-99.95%.
40 is as Jew as you can get like wtf
No he's not. He's an Arab Christian.
In what world is Noah Shebib a Jewish name? The guy is Lebanese. 
He is totally Maronite Catholic
Born but not raised. 
Cool! I'm Australian, Lsbanese by heritage but I don't think I've ever seen a west african. My fathee has clients from all over Africa, Asian and the Middle East but most Africans are from the east side like Sudan and Zimbabwe. 
Well that makes sense now
[deleted]
That 3 minute response difference really fucked you up.
Ignorance
[Maybe something along these lines?](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Islamic_music#Permissibility_of_music)I wouldn't know though, since I don't follow muslim youtubers. But the logic in the wikilink reminds me of how people use that one bible verse in Leviticus to justify prejudice against gay people. > Those who do not allow music believe that Muhammad censured the use of musical instruments when he said: There will be among my Ummah people who will regard as permissible adultery, silk, alcohol and musical instruments. > However, those who argue that music is halal (permitted) state that this hadith relates to usageat the time the polytheists used music and musical instruments as part of their worship- and does not apply to all music. 
The fuck your smoking. The vast majority don't think about Jews regularly. And racism by skin colour is explicitly forbidden in Islam: all are equal under worship of God. (Historically it's why Islamic kingdoms including Egypt had a massive population of free blacks: they were Muslim so it was blasphemous to enslave another Muslim, it's a major no-no and part of the appeal of the Islam spread through Western Africa in the 10th-14th centuries.). The opinions of the vocal minority don't make it the common belief. Otherwise I could claim that all Americans are racist, bigheaded, small-dicked warmongers who are scared of brown people. But that's only reflective of the group in power, not the majority of every day people. 
[deleted]
Sunnis have been fucking up shit for a while now. They're not as happy as thieir name suggests
Good thing I don't live in Saudi Arabia.
When Kellyanne Conway (Counselor to President Trump) decided to call Sean Spicer's objectively incorrect statements alternative facts. But it's chill, because Trump is always right and the media is always putting out fake news. 
> Seriously when did this lies shit start? Let's call it what it is, lies.
A durag is basically religious wear. Nothing is more important than the integrity of your hair.
i fuckin hate that trump has ruined the term fake news for me, whenever i see someone saying it i cant help but thing of his stupid orange face.
I can't keep up with the hundreds of times Kanye and Kim have divorced and got into physical fights. 
Idk man. I'm usually inclined to agree with that sentiment, but it was a timing thing. Cudi did diss first, but then went and admitted he had a problem and checked himself into rehab for severe depression. At that point it's kinda like he knows he fucked up and is getting help. A mature person would be like, ok, he fucked up but hes going through a lot of shit. Maybe fire back when he gets out? Idk, it wasn't a big deal either way tho 
Looked it up for ya http://www.billboard.com/articles/columns/hip-hop/7510315/kid-cudi-tweets-kanye-west-drake
I always took it as starting from the bottom of the rap game. Mixed race Canadian jewish guy, former Degrassi actor.
Man I don't care I stand by it. Aubrey is a funny fucking name, no ones taking that away from me.
Everyone knows what he meant - stop.
Race and ethnicity aren't the same thing. 
There's no problem, really.Descent (/dsnt/) *noun* - the origin or background of a person in terms of family or nationality. Ex. the settlers were of Cornish descentA person is of certain descent, does not relate to their race specifically. This discussion is unnecessary for multiple reasons, and a few of you being uneducated on the meaning of words is one very big one.EDIT: /u/angrypotato1 - Just want to make sure you read this so you don't make the same mistake again :)
When does that become a problem 
About as much as the I'm not racist ive got lots of black friends argument does.
no that was 2 hours ago
na its this guy http://media.gettyimages.com/photos/artist-manager-cortez-bryant-recording-artist-drake-dj-future-the-picture-id116674189
Yo I was just wondering the exact same thing lemme know if you find out 
Nope, this is a young Toronto cat who was discovered by Oliver El-Khatib.
[deleted]
> It's a bit strange that he's going by Canadian artist when the dude is Bahraini.This is probably because the label is based in Canada, as well as Jordan who's from Toronto. Personally I always knew Majid was from Bahrain cause he talked about it in all of his interviews.
In every interview I've seen the guy seems really chill and down to earth. It's cool to hear he is like that in real life. 
Well I think the idea is that if you're a citizen of Canada and you grew up here then you're Canadian, no matter where you're from. 
Was he a musician back then as well? 
How? He's 0% Jewish lol
My mistake
He is totally Maronite Catholic
He's either Jewish, Muslim or Christian.
You get in one little fight...
Islam is the majority religion in the majority of West African countries [according to Wiki.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Religion_in_Africa#Religious_distribution)
Lol you have no idea what you're talking about. Why do idiots like you insist on making fools of yourself all the time?
It did. I hate alien blue sometimes. 
So, illogic. 
To be fair to the guy that replied to me, whenever my military buddies went to the middle east, they'd be asked I like you, you're not Jewish right? The thing is, I don't live in Saudi Arabia or Yemen or whatever. I live in America. And a Muslim who lives here is just as good as a Jew who's just as good as a Christian. The acceptance of all people make us great. I mean, just look at comedy. Where would American humor be without Jews. You're welcome Goyim.
Sunni Arabs don't make up 90% of Muslims...
Sunni vs. Shiite is only based on whether you believe the family of Mohammed is alive and deserves religious leadership. It has a close corollary to Catholics vs. Protestants. Neither is inherently bad. The problems with the middle east are because we created their boundaries, and we were implicit in their revolutions. Tehran doesn't want the ayotolah to say what to do, but the rural area has power.
Touch 
[removed]
he didn't invent it. it's a product of mainstream media as a tool to delegitimizate certain facts. Ironically enough, it's the same mainstream media that seems to spread fake news like the story we see here.
Our sources say they're finally gonna do it this time. They just can't stand each other. 2 days laterHere's are some cute pictures of Kim and Kanye getting ice cream. ITS JUST A ILLUSION TO FOOL YOU PEOPLE. OUR SOURCES SAY KIM HAS ALREADY SIGNED THE DIVORCE PAPERS. 
I heard Kanye punched Kim and moved to New York to make Watch the Throne 2.
Exactly, probably wasn't cool, but people have said way worse shit in beefs since the beginning of hip hop. Everyone blew Drakes lines way out of proportion 
Also damn, Cudi was being a straight dick. I guess I don't know the entire story, but I at least thought ye helped him more than anything
 thanks man
Which is how it should've been taken.For fuck sakes, the video for the song had him parading through the middle-class street he spent his teenage years in, its not like he was trying to spin it as the hood
But people of Middle Eastern descent may be offended that their religious beliefs are assumed over their ethnicity. Saying we know what he meant just perpetuates a stereotype.
I know, I was using the slash to instead of the word or.
Nigga do you have Christian descent
When all brown people become assumed to be Muslim.
Not really. Drakes born and raised in Toronto a city with a HUGE Muslim population/culture. His closest associates are Muslim (too many to list) and he even co signs a group called Halal Gang. That's much more than us saying He's got lots of Muslim friends.
man there are three dudes that aren't drake in this picture which one is this guy
Nope i was wondering the same thing but definitely not the same SAFE.
There are muslims in Eritrea aswell 
I know his older twin brothers and went to the Mosque with them many times. Both his first and last name are Muslim names. (Saif Musaad) 
That's true but homie grew up in Bahrain 
Honestly can't remember, I'll have to dig up my highschool year books when I'm back in Bahrain to see if there's any mention of it.
[deleted]
Don't listen to them...he's Lebanese-Irish
He posts pictures of a Lebanese church on insta, so it's safe to assume he's A Christian.
So is like most of the worldedit: sorry guys
And Boko Haram got scared
Are you sure ? I mean...he seemed so confident as he explained to me how things worked in my home tho...
[deleted]
> it's a product of mainstream media as a tool to delegitimizate certain factswhat are you talking about. they tried to make a point about all the objectively fake shit that's all over facebook. then trump and his supporters starting using to describe biased news/negative trump stories.
I know he didnt invent it, but he ruined it for me, and the fact that he says cnn is fake news while having steve bannon as a key advisor and on the nsc would be laughable if it wasnt so dangerous.
No, it was originally used to describe blatantly false news stories being written by teenagers in the middle east that people shared on Facebook and other social media without doing even 3 seconds of fact checking. Trump then used the phrase to include anyone who publishes anything less than grateful bootlicking as an attempt to discredit them. Don't drop some alternative facts just because our dumpster fire of a president would do it.
Bitch, I didn't even notice until y'all made a big deal.
Nah we're cool with it 
Yes.
and only one of them looks like roger from american dad
nigga with the hat
It's the one that looks like Roger from American Dad.
Cortez is the grown Urkel. 
Nah bro he's Lebanese, and he even shouts out Palestine. He has some pictures of his church on his insta im pretty sure
I thought he was Hindi Icelandish?
yup. he's Lebanese and Irish. 
Yes, that would be the joke.
67% of the world
You can forget the Buddhists. There are about 500M Buddhists in the world.
Wolf Cola.
Look, I've seen Africa on a map before, I think I can safely call myself an expert on all things African, unlike yourself you was only born and raised there.
The countries with the highest population of Muslims are Indonesia, Pakistan, India etc.
I'm not trying to defend that dude but they don't.  Sunnis don't even make up half of the Muslim population.  
The fake news shit didn't come out until after Trump won. Fact is MSM on both sides spewed bullshit the entire election cycle. 
Well I mean you can't blame them can you? CNN was still trying to report how Hillary was gonna win the election after trump won.
Depends where you're from. A muslim in India wouldn't want to be lumped in with a Pakistani muslim, that's for sure.
Man it would be so awkward if one of your mates made a Catholic pedophilia joke
bro this fucking MURDERED me hahaha
Guy looks 100% Somali
lit
he is a Christian Buddhist
Kevin O'Leary???
[deleted]
Fake news really didn't refer to MSM at all, but fringe (mostly right) website with shit that was literally completely made up. Like an article l saw that claimed only 400/168,000 immigrants to sweden had jobs. Like jst blantantly false shit that gets put out and never apologized for, not really inaccurate reporting that happens and gets fixed by msm.
Why?
RIP
i mean he would look like a regular african american to any one who has never seen a somali in real life. i mean, as an african american guy who knows a few somali that guy looks like a regular african american
He is somali
Loved him in captain Philips 
He Celtic chilean.  Foh
>Sunni **Arabs**
But what I'm saying was the MSM did the same exact stuff. The thing I saw happen the most was releasing an article with false facts, then never mention it again even though they would correct it a couple days later. Or my favorite was CNN telling people that reading wikileaks was illegal and that they had special journalist privileges so just listen to what they say. The fake news narrative didn't come about until 2-3 days after the election and imo was just to save face from overall disgraceful coverage of the election from all parties. 
Because you're of Christian descent and that would be wildly insensitive
It was dope, got a lot of attention here when it got released!
it was aite 
Classic So Far Gone Drake, damn. It's great. He doesn't use this type of flow anymore, not sure what to describe it as, glad he improved along the way.That one line though was pretty dope:> You ain't heard of me then you should go and get a Blue's Clue?> Oops, I mean a red clue,> Wayne's here, Soo-woo
Wayne's the only rapper who could get away with literally singing the alphabet in a song.
I miss the old drake. Btw What happened with the lawsuit where the producer of this song sued drake for sampling it? Who won?Edit http://imgur.com/KnKaNWY I only know this because I checked out an outdated book on Drake and found this gem.
this is the first song i heard drake in....and he sounded exactly like wayne to me. i swore he wouldnt make it....boy was i proven wrong
One of the first songs that introduced me to Drake. Was on a friends Myspace haha. Wasn't much of a fan and thought people were just hyping him up-- Present day I'm a Drake groupie 
Oh man, this brings back memories. This came out my junior year of high school. I remember being one of those dudes that was too cool to listen to drake because I thought he was soft and just made corny pop songs. When I first heard this song, I changed my mind and have been a drake fan ever since. 
This is pre SFG DrakeI heard this in 07 so this is still Comeback Season era Drake (one of my favorite Drake projects)
i miss this drake SOOOO much. i used to bump this shit when i was going to uni. man was awesome having it on the bus. made the crackheads seem less crackie
lol that flow is called hashtag rap and he bit it from Big Sean 
>and The Weekend, a Canadian pop-rock bandBruh. This book was outdated before it was even an idea to be written.
Just curious, what do you like about this era of Drake's music more than that of the present? 
Back when drake used to actually rap.
Wayne was doing this in his mixtape era, before sean
Do you know how old this song is? This was not bitten from Sean. LMFAO!
Jesus Christ 
No one knew who tf big Sean was at this time lol. FOH
Big Sean took it from Luda
lol you're always hating on drake for something 
Ik I checked out the book because I'm a drake hater and I decided I shouldn't hate something I don't really know much about. I learned a lot about drakes beginning but I caught that mistake partly because I used the the weeknd made 30% of take care excuse when somebody says take care is a classic.
Views happened. Iyritl was prime drake.
Because drake actually put in effort back then. Back then he had lyrics like - That shit I heard from you lately really relieved some pressure, Like aye, B I got your CD, you get an E for effort, I piece letters together and get to talkin' reckless (Tuscan Leather)And now it's got so many chains they call me chaining tatum (Pop Style)He's not stand out anymore when it comes to his music.
Childish Gambino doesn't get hate for switching to singing and not rapping. Why should drake get a lot of hate when mostly raps and sings a little.
Drakes been singing and rapping since Comeback Season fuck you on boy 
Still does
im talking Drake tho not Lil Wayne and if you're saying that Drake's flow on this was being used by Lil Wayne then I guess that just means Drake stole it from another person, still biting 
prime Drake is NWTS 
Congrats, you found the worst line on the album. look just understand that im on a roll like cottonelle i was made for all of this shit-Drake on NWTS
drake is a much better rapper. Nobody cared that Gambino stopped rapping because he sucked at it.
Coming under one probably have people a lot of expectations for some bars. 
Childish still raps and freestyles frequently plus he's altogether wayyyyyyy more talented IMO
After his like 3rd year of winy sing-song talking over elevator beats about how some girl broke his heart because he's too busy fucking hoes I kinda stopped caring. I used to absolutely love drake but IMO everything after 5AM in Toronto has been on Justin Beiber status to me.
Luda beat em both to using the flow, but really all music is biting, western music all stems from one source. Racist as minstrel so technically we have slavery to thank for all western music. 
So why give props to Sean? That's no less ignorant than saying Drake invented the flow. 
That album was controversial with critics tho. Every body can agree Iyritl was really good.
still better than a lot of Views lines lowkeyIts less about the words and more how its performed, which is why the chaining tatum line is so bad.Drake sounded way hungrier on All Me so that cottonelle line still sounded ok to me
And the stans are here. ..
he certainly has more talents i guess? 
lol what the fuck are you talking about. all western music is not derived from minstrel show music
lol who gives a fuck about critics? 
I don't agree that IYRTITL was good
I don't really like either of them outside a couple tracks tbh.
When I know nothing about a genre or a band or a rapper or any artists I do. Although I do disagree a lot with my favorite critics like theneedledrop, artv, pitchfork,  and DEHH(except myke, Idk why I always agree with myke).
The dudes in all denim are the reason I am worried about being white going to events like that. So cringy :( 
lmaooo these dudes were blasted.  carti was in outer space> Samuel L Jackson
Lmao thank god someone asked fucking Carti when the tape is dropping. Uzi was fucking hilarious when carti was answering that tho. Kinda of an awkward video too
Lmao at the chick in the Cannibal Corpse tee
man they spent all that money to look that fucking terrible and poser-ish
Who cares? They look confident wearing it and obviously they like it
ight thats fair. gotta let people do them. even if they're hype beasts. tbh I'm just salty I'm not there chilling with carti and uzi 
Its Cam'ron wtf he is a staple in hiphop history and cant even get the mans name right.Also jim jones created a fake beef between Cam'ron and himself is one of the main reasons killa cam dnt fuck wit jimmy jones.
Why even bother with this shit?Put out records, and stop acting like you're in fucking middle school... jesus.
He right tho
I mean Cam let Jimmy get jumped so theyre both shysty ass niggas at the end of the day lol
Cam can and does do whatever the fuck he wants. That shit ain't stopping him from recording music 
One of my favorite Ye beats
Iconic. Even the first 5 seconds alone have immense replay value. This might be Kanye's best beat. Some crazy shit. 
This is good 
Whoa crazy that this is posted today. I literally bought this today at a thrift store today as 12 single on vinyl with the single versions and instrumental on side A and a couple of Ashanti tracks on Side B. Worth the $3.
Like old box springs
TALK TO ME MAAAN
Exactly 
Then the bass line kicks in, really great intro indeed
Crazy how many street musicians and stuff that I've seen playing places that I thought Dang this guy is pretty talented. Just goes to show that some of these really small time talented performers could make huge waves in music if only they were given the platform.
I'm a huge fan of Wax, Watsky, and Dumbfoundead. I always hoped that the four of them would form a YouTube super group but just from loving one of those three, Breezy LoveJoy always popped up in one way or another. Be it at shows, features, or producing you couldn't be a fan of those three without becoming a fan of Breezy. I specifically remember being at a Wax show in like 2012 where he was the first opener. This was at a pretty small bar, maybe a capacity of like 250 or something and it wasn't even filled yet. So to see how far he's come is honestly inspiring as fuck. He took that whole fringe YouTube-ish indie shit and flipped it on it's head. When I read the credits for Compton and saw he'd been featured on several Dr. Dre songs my mind was so incredibly blown. To be honest, when he switched his name I thought he'd downgraded. I was like ahhh what!? Why would Breezy LoveJoy become Anderson .Paak? It didn't make any sense at all to me but now that I see what he's built since the name switch I can't help but stand in awe. [This song](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mQXgocvzmPE) is probably my favorite from back then. Big love to Anderson. I'm proud of him. He's like the American dream of modern hip hop. He was on the grind for aeons. 
I wonder if he'll bring out Jay Electronica
great verses, great message, and great emotion behind it. overall a very chance-y chance song which i think is perfect for such a moment for him where he is in the limelight
All it says is he got a choir. Frankly that could be any song on Chance Makes A Gospel Record 
of course everyone not really about the christian element of his music won't really like thisBut I feel like those that see the beauty of the track will really enjoy this performance.
One of Chance's Top 5 verses of all time IMO. Glad the world will get to see why they call Chance..Chance The Rapper
i really hate this fuckin song. was hoping hed do no problems or something. but tbh im just stoked that hes at the grammys at all so whatever. 
Thats like one of his worst tracks though
i feel bad for the audience that has to sit through a shitty 3 minute gospel intro
This would be legendary 
It's with his cousin Nicole. One of the features on How Great is my cousin Nicole. He's definitely doing How Great. 
Huge exaggeration
I just thought of that as an it's always sunny title card. Like he's talking to Kanye on the phone and Kanye goes do you, talk about God, but don't get to preachy or people may not like that que the title card and the music
[deleted]
Damn I actually can't stand that verse. Chance is trying way too hard with the wordplay and it's comes off really forced and pretentious 
Idk it's the Grammy's. I'm picturing something spectacular 
idk man i thought it was pretty beautiful
Facts.
God the world needs that to happen
Then he announces Act II
he was the best part of the song so I'd hope so
*Kanye steps into frame*Kanye: Hey buddy that Sunday Candy joint was dope bro. I liked the choir shit you put into itChance: Yeah man im just so happy and in such a good state of mind right now. I gotta thank god man and all his teachingsKanye: Alright whatever man just don't get all preachy and shit. People don't like that.Chance: yeah man i got you..... for sure....*Que Title Card***Chance Makes A Gospel Record**
lmao chill it boy. 
Coming soon
lol
Someone posted that some subscribers are getting Tidal for free for the next 6 months. I suggest someone check tomorrow to see if Act II gets posted. Prolly not tho.
Y'all really didn't fuck with the 2 minutes and 30 second intro?Lmao got damn that album is disappointing n if Jay Electronica doesn't show up, why the duck would mans really care? Actually I can see him doing that intro and then lead into another song so yeah....idk if Jay's gonna be there. Damn
In 2014 I was for sure Vic Mensa would be the next big thing in rap
the [Waldo and Sango remix](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9BvGOOkMEUk) knocks too
Damn this was actually the first song by Kaytranada that I've heard back at 2014, crazy how much he developed and grown since then.
Absolute banger 
this is my favorite era of vic
Hope Kaytranada gets bigger
I've always been super sad about not being able to have this song in my Spotify rotation.
[deleted]
He would if he actually put out an album.Innanetape and his SoundCloud are so good. I don't know what the fuck he's doing anymore tho.Still best live performer I've seen tho.
came to post this, one of my favorite soubdcloud tracks 
huh im curious how you think he's developed and grown since here
His EP was good 
His EP was imo the best project of 2016
he went on tour with bieber
Did you miss the release of There's Alot Going On? It's an EP he dropped last year that got pretty big and might be his best work so far
Developed in terms of variety of sound and how well he executes it, Kay has a distinct synth that a lot of people can recognize but he can switch up his production to be different but still tasteful. In 99.9%, there are the Kay-synth songs like Glowed Up and You're The One but there are songs like Lite Spots, Got it Good and Bus Ride which show his versatility. Even songs like P's & Q's by Mick Jenkins and 3 Stories by Wiki have great production by Kay that sound nice and memorable. And not just in skill but popularity, Kay was just known and working with lesser known artist, now he has one of the biggest albums of 2016 and has won the Polaris award and has accomplished a lot in 2016.
I like it too but you didn't think anything was better?
ok word hes obviously way more popular now and i love it. i was just talking about sound. or thought you were. cuz those songs you listed are for the most part just the quintessential kaytra sound that was well established in 2014 if not by 2011/2012. his production is better for sure but i gues i dont listen to Wimmie Nah and think its crazy to compare to what he releases these days
Personally, every song on that EP was incredible to me. 16 Shots was so powerful, given all the unrest we've had politically and even socially the past year or two. His flow on New Bae was amazing, it felt like he was switching it up every 10 seconds and it felt so smooth and effortless. Theres Alot going on was so personal and so interesting to listen Vic's take on the path he's taken to get the way he is. That puts it above every other project last year for me. Admittedly there are a few really well reviewed ones I never got around to listening to, but for me I thought Vic's EP was near flawless
Thanks for posting this! Can't believe it's been almost 3 years
