http://imgur.com/a/AtNN9
the sponge bob pics with a when the retarded kid do something tag is the same joke over and over again and a facebook-tier meme and should be banned too
Who else would totally bang that two headed chick?
DAMN IS THAT AN UPDATE??
Huh. Never saw please insert disc two, nor the downs and the furious. Sensible chuckle
Can we add the hot chick with 1 leg? 9/10, legs 1/2? Shit is here like every week  
Dats some Maury shit bruh.
MOD ME ME
Can we ban posts that totally won't get you to hell please?
Gold
The Asian bad driving/pearl harbor being an accident meme.
https://i.reddituploads.com/955a68083ee04b2a816f8c4d6db62d83?fit=max&h=1536&w=1536&s=965cefd0e2332f61a7f07e92aa5a71e0
https://pics.onsizzle.com/when-the-school-is-being-shot-up-and-the-autistic-5707481.png
Thnx bb added.
Source : Our modque
Let's do a studyNigger
I'm tolerant of other cultures, races, people with disabilities, and an advocate of LGBT rights as well as victims of horrific tragedies. But I come here, flip the switch, satisfy my fucked up sense of humor, and laugh at exactly all of those things. I have a feeling that describes most of the people in this sub. You just have a few vocal dipshits that try to ruin it for everyone else. Y'all cut it out you faggoty ~~fucks~~ cunts. 
Just treat each other with equality. Shit on everyone's head.
This is why we need to get rid of all jews. 
I feel like the content is more alt right but the comments are leftist.
I'm just sitting here wondering where the incest and pedofile jokes went
When you actually think about it it's really hard to get pissed about anything an anonymous person says online about anything 
It's almost like we aren't a homogeny. 
Fuck niggers fuck faggots equal enough you nigger faggots?
How about we all just shut the fuck up and trigger each other. Delete your gay ass complaint
You're being offended by a downvote, which is way worse. I love downvotes, because it proves that I'm right or at least got to someone. You should wear them with pride! I sometimes get 50 downvotes for a single comment! And also, I get way more karma, because usually stuff I think will probably get me downvotes actually gets me upvotes! And then, every once in a while, I'll get a comment with thousands of upvotes.Also....nigger, faggot
Fuck all the niggas in here
ITT: a conversation between simpleton binary faggots who see the world in terms of red vs. blue. 
Nigger faggot
Niggors
SAYY NIGGEERRRR!!!
I think we can all agree that the people who complain are the faggots.
It said the n-word
I like offensive and racist memes. But a lot of content is basically stating facts.
It's both. Obviously a lot of stuff is still un-PC, but I saw an upvoted comment here yesterday seriously advocating for non-binary people. Seeing that kind of retarded faggotry was a weird experience.  
I think it's obvious; sjws that come here (Why would they come to a place that supposed to be for offensive humour?) and bitch that they aren't left leaning enough like the rest of reddit. Then the right come in and say that there are too many sjws bitching about how this sub used to be (back when it was truly offensive) before the Statzi mods started banning people. Basically it's the two sides vying for control of one of the few subs that isn't rabidly left like politics funny or any of the other default subs.
Mods did pizzagate
[removed]
Space, idea. Bring back in the bot for a bit with key word removal. Worked good for coontown at the time and it might be fun to see. Obviously mods would do what's relevant.Edit: word  
Seems like a normal day for any mod queue, lol
Nigger in here
I am a salty person, of course I can't make up my mind, this is the Internet.
It's right-wing and racist bullshit 24-7, brought to you by the same unhappy white male virgins that brought the world /pol. You all need to stop playing videogames and beating off all day in your rooms.
I basically see this as white peoples twitter. Bpt openly censors black hate
You're the mod. Try to explain it.
No, you gormless fuckbags.If you want to guarantee downvotes in here, hang shit on anything american OR use logic facts and evidence to prove a retarded american statement as utterly false.As an example - An evidence and fact based anti gun argument will be buried to hell..... but threatening to shoot niggers because theyre niggers is perfectly ok and considered a perfectly reasonable statement. (Watch this comment get buried)
I haven't noticed many SJWs here, TBH.I have noticed a lot of alt-right fuckwits. Reddit really should just ban everyone on r/the_Donald and be done with it.
I'm sorry Mr. Marsh, we were actually looking for the word naggers...
Eh... Uh... Uh... ... **I DON'T KNOW WHETHER TO UPVOTE YOUR OR DOWNVOTE YOU! FUCK! I'M SO TORN!**
Kyle, your mother and I need to talk to you after school honey. That language is hurtful.
[It's been said that the test of a man's courage is how performs in the face of danger...](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Uwk6r8TJD2U)
Exactly. I respect every race, creed, whatever equally. Which is why I shit on them all, even my own.
Exactly, having a warped, dark or twisted sense of humour doesn't mean you're a bigot, especially when you're in a sub that caters specifically to that sort of humour.There have been plenty of jokes in this sub that, for me, go too far or aren't to my tastes or political alignments...but I just ignore them. Lambasting people and mounting your high-horse for something as subjective as humour, on a sub that exists purely for dark and twisted humour is absolutely fucking retarded and a waste of everyone's time.
I'm the opposite, I hate them all equally... including my own. 
Hey!  They're faggoty cunts, not faggoty fucks. 
[joke sub](https://www.reddit.com/r/ImGoingToHellForThis/comments/5t3uk1/comment/ddkn4zq?st=IZ0PS9M0&sh=b5a124f0) 
That's the problem. You flip the switch. Pick a side don't be a wishy washy faggot.
Except white straight people, god forbid you do that. Edit: See what I mean?
[I knew it](http://i.imgur.com/aiEJH.gif)
The only thing the far left and far right agreed on. 
Jews: Simultaneously mosquitos sucking the lifeblood of the world and the illuminati controlling the government.
That ain't hip anymore. Now the cool thing is lynching and Muslims. Try and keep up. 
I've started enjoying r/Bertstrips for most of that now, since it seems to be free of the sjw plague
check /new  they're there. i approve them all the time. Just no one upvotes them unless you put   feminists r fat  or black ppl are subhuman
/r/dankmemes 
Oh yeah? Well, I don't think your memes are dank.Good day sir.
If you get offended at something someone on the internet says, that just makes you a huge faggot.
Oh, i fully agree. but this shit is daily in comments / reports / meta reddit.   1/2 the time this sub and the mod team are SJW faggots looking to ruin everything. 1/2 the time we're alt-right nazi fascist racists.
I read that as hegemony.... maybe we should be a hegemony.
*^Wow! ^You ^actually ^swore ^so ^much ^you ^summoned ^The ^Swear ^Bot! ^Here's ^the ^watered-down ^version ^of ^your ^comment:***Shoot black persons bonk fruits equal enough you negro nancies?**
Niggers*
You appear to be a Trump supporter. Under rules set up by the reddit administrators, Trump supporters must remain in their dedicated subreddit. They are no longer allowed to spread propaganda across other subreddits. This message is from the reddit admin team, and not the moderator team of the subreddit you may find this message on. Thank you for understanding.*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/ImGoingToHellForThis) if you have any questions or concerns.*
I bet you'd be just as adverse to fact based evidence regarding pro-gun ownership.
This sub is half funny jokes and half legit terrible people looking for a suitable outlet for their hate. 
Are you really too stupid to see the irony of your comment?
I'm banned from the Donald. Fuck those quivering little snowflakes
You are an SJW tho? So what are you doing here?
People who annoy you
That's fuckin' funny! The camera guy.. huh?
Are you lying naked on the floor?
HA! I love Kentucky Fried Movie!
I am a huge fan of equality, we are all equally edible in my eyes.
I've changed my ways. Fixed.
Nah I'll keep on being me
Stop being a faggot
Why are you here? Isn't this sub meant to post offensive memes and views? 
**FAGGOT**
If you're gonna bring your triggerkin bullshit, why this fucking sub?
You're not being downvoted because white straight people have thin skin.  You're being downvoted because nobody here gives a shit if you make fun of white straight people.  You're not offending anyone, you're just wrong.
we joke about white people often, you Gweilo cunt!
Yup, incest/pedophilia/murder/etc. jokes are out.Those were the old /r/ImGoingToHellForThis Now it's mostly anti-SJW/Feminist/Muslim memes and DO U KNO THERE ARE ONLY 2 GENDERS? garbage.Nothing disgusts me here anymore.  I see stuff here that I find on Facebook, that Facebook thinks is inoffensive enough to keep around.  It's just not the same, sadly.  It's like looking through forwarded emails from someone's weird right wing uncle.  It's not actually offensive, it's just purposefully but unsuccessfully antagonizing.  Though I feel like I've noticed a bit more creativity in the posts over the past week or so, which is a good sign.
Do black feminist ever commit incest?I'm just gonna assume they were molested 
What the fuck did you just fucking say about me, you little bitch? Ill have you know I graduated top of my class in the Navy Seals, and Ive been involved in numerous secret raids on Al-Quaeda, and I have over 300 confirmed kills. I am trained in gorilla warfare and Im the top sniper in the entire US armed forces. You are nothing to me but just another target. I will wipe you the fuck out with precision the likes of which has never been seen before on this Earth, mark my fucking words. You think you can get away with saying that shit to me over the Internet? Think again, fucker. As we speak I am contacting my secret network of spies across the USA and your IP is being traced right now so you better prepare for the storm, maggot. The storm that wipes out the pathetic little thing you call your life. Youre fucking dead, kid. I can be anywhere, anytime, and I can kill you in over seven hundred ways, and thats just with my bare hands. Not only am I extensively trained in unarmed combat, but I have access to the entire arsenal of the United States Marine Corps and I will use it to its full extent to wipe your miserable ass off the face of the continent, you little shit. If only you could have known what unholy retribution your little clever comment was about to bring down upon you, maybe you would have held your fucking tongue. But you couldnt, you didnt, and now youre paying the price, you goddamn idiot. I will shit fury all over you and you will drown in it. Youre fucking dead, kiddo.
There are no nazi fascist racists on Reddit!!
[removed]
Thanks Peter Wiggin
Shutup bitchass bot
Hillary supporters get banned too or just those who voted for el cheeto?
What this can't be serious?
Eat shit, you SJW sack of shit. Go burn down your own neighborhood then. Pussy.
First off, there's no irony there. I see lots of alt-right fucktards, but not many SJWs is not exactly a surprising observation; there are lots of places where there are lots of alt-righters, or lots of SJWs; there aren't so many where there are lots of both, because the two don't get along very well and SJWs and alt-righters are both delicate snowflakes who don't really get along well with the general public, either.Secondly, given that I have actually been doxxed by SJWs, and their longstanding animosity towards me (and the fact that I am not fond of them, either) - and the fact that *this is Googlable* - means that you have gone full retard.SJWs dislike Trumptards, but not all people who dislike Trumptards are SJWs. In fact, most are not. In fact, pretty much everyone dislikes Trumptards but other Trumptards, because they're human detritus who are delicate little easily-triggered snowflakes who tard out and never take any responsibility for anything. There's not much of a difference between them and SJWs, in the end; they're both cut from the same cloth. Hence r/stormfrontorSJW .
I got banned too, and I was supporting Trump before any of them
Anyone who knows anything about me would know that SJWs hate me and that I have no love for SJWs. In fact, a simple Google search would reveal this.100% of people who think I am a SJW are retarded and can't be trusted with anything other than a pair of safety scissors.
Sorry it was naggers.
I will neither confirm nor deny.
Natalie Imbruglia was so wonderful.  I'm such a hetero faggot. 
After careful research I have received only upvotes. Odd.
Im a nigger
This faggot picked a side. And it has guns, bacon and women letting me stare at their tits without consequence. 
I will when you will. 
Yep, and we should be just as offensive to white people as to everyone else. Which we aren't.Make IGTHFT great again.
I like jokes as much as the next guy. 
If you're going to make fun of someone at least try and be original. 
You sound more triggered than anything else I've ever said. 
I beg to differ. 
i'm sure there's some sort of family fluid or someother bullshit.
Where is this from 
>And the answer is drumroll - fuck em both. Don't censor anything not required by law. lol censored you anyway. fitemeirl
who?
See what I mean? Suggest someone is hateful and watch them get just as butthurt as an sjw. 
The contrast that I was pointing to was the there's not a lot of SJWs here, followed by ban everyone from T_D. Yeah, T_D had gone off the deep end and has devolved into a shit-show. The used to be my favorite sub, but now I'm banned from there, for no good reason. However, for as bad as T_D is, the SJW community is way worse. Screaming that someone is a fascist while beating them to death for having opposing views is the epitome of hypocrisy. I'm pretty mindfucked at this point that /anyone/ is defending the far left's actions; I'm not implying that you are though.
So you're a rare hipster Trump supporter
My favorite denizen of the 100 acre wood is Tigger
So there's absolutely no jokes about white people or straight people on this sub? I don't check this sub often, but I assure you people love making fun of themselves as much as others
That's fair.  In the interest of good fun, I'm a straight white guy - have at me.
Family Fluid
Google will probably tell you, it's one of the oldest copypastas on the internet.
God everything has to be a reference, is that it?  You can't just enjoy original content?
**DO U NO WHO MY FATHER IS????? HE IS ASSISTANT TO THE PRESIDENT OF THE INTERNET. YOU'LL BE MODDING A SUB IN ALASKA BY TOMOROW BUB**
It was meant to be a reference to Ender's Game. 
I think the issue is that you are bring logic and positive attitude into this subreddit. Leave that at the door it has no place here.
> Screaming that someone is a fascist while beating them to death for having opposing views is the epitome of hypocrisy.Sure, but that isn't something that actually happens outside of the mind of delusional retards. SJWs are pasty white people who are basically a bunch of basement dwellers; actually attacking people is extremely rare. They mostly just scream at people.Are SJWs annoying? Sure. They're something which should be eradicated. But the idea that they are way worse than the Trumptards is problematic, because unlike the Trumptards, they haven't really accomplished a whole lot to further their goals.Trump followers are in many cases actual fascists. Bannon is affiliated with terrorist groups and actually is taking steps to prevent the FBI from combating them. But muh Islamic terrrorism!Yes, Islamist terrorism IS a threat. But the reality is that terrorism from white trash within the US is a threat too, and there's a fuckton more white trash than there is Muslims. Keeping the various white trash terrorist groups suppressed - the neo-Nazis, the white supremacists, the anti-abortion types, the Christofascists, ect. - is important and is a valuable thing to be doing. You don't want terrorist groups to have any real chance to rise up, because they're a lot harder to eradicate once they've done so.It is important to keep those threats tamped down on, because you don't want them spreading within the human garbage who desperately want something to latch onto. You don't want these people to actually go out and do stupid shit like Malheur.The reason why we see more Islamist terrorist attacks is because Islamists are a relatively new threat in the US and we're tamping down on them. But the reality is that Islamists aren't really a significant threat to our society; they're just assholes who occasionally kill people. Killing people is bad, but indigenous terrorist groups are much worse, because they damage the actual fabric of society.The radicalization of white trash is far more dangerous than SJWs, who are noisy but small in number. SJWs are more like a tumor; they're a problem, and they might make some people go blind, but it is very hard for them to metastasize. The alt-right is cancer because there are a lot of asshole losers for whom that particular ideology is attractive.After all, it is much more attractive to blame everyone else for your problems than to acknowledge that the reason you live in a trailer park and no one really cares about your opinion is because you do little to contribute to society and understand nothing about reality.
Exactly. I can't call them fairweather fans though...it's never really been popular to support Trump
there's white people are school shooter jokes all the time.  
There is occasionally but it'll be downvoted to hell and the comment section is filled with butthurt people calling OP an sjw pussy. 
Prime morning to you my goodman!
All this talk about Family Fluid is a trigger to those of us suffering from serious negative side effects due to excessively producing it. 
I hear weed's pretty good up there and i've always wanted to fish in alaska.  Sign me up, bucko.
Fair enough. 
You don't think that SJW's are being violent towards the right? You seriously don't think that? I'm going to go look for videos because it's your responsibility to educate yourself. 
You are right but maybe should have added some context to original comment. Sounded like you just came here to complain about straight white men but that's not the case
I kinda take this whole sub as us white people mocking our racist bigoted selves (or at least counterparts out there). This place is *awful* because we're awful people.... it's almost like we think we ought to go to hell for the shit we say in here...
What's the rest of your quote?
Please learn how to read.> Sure, but that isn't something that actually happens outside of the mind of delusional retards. SJWs are pasty white people who are basically a bunch of basement dwellers; actually attacking people is extremely rare. They mostly just scream at people.Does it happen?Of course it happens. Only a fucking retard would claim otherwise.But it is quite rare. SJWs rarely attack people, in part because a lot of SJWs are actually cowards who fear physical violence and who think that War Is Wrong (TM).
*shrugs* people will downvote regardless of what the comment says if it contains certain words. See what I mean? 
Fixed it. That's what I get for letting my seeing eye dog type out my replies. Gonna have to get a phone with a braille touchscreen soon.
I didn't make it past your first sentence. Once someone says Sure, but that isn't something that actually happens outside of the mind of delusional retards., then I'm out. I have no desire to listen to anything else than person says. 
Wait. I want to test this. Johnny is a striaght white male and is a great person. Now we wait.... 
Stevie Wonder can fly and land an airplane. Yet you can't make a shit post on reddit. Quit using your handicap as a crutch. It's a stepping block. Not a stumbling stone. 
Which is why you remain one. You're triggered by the implication that you might be wrong.
This is on the same level as those cancerous facebook memes with Zach Galifianakis on it for no fucking reason
Yes, but why Rodney Dangerfield? 
What's the difference in the shitty emails that I got from my grandmother and your average post on IGTHFT?I stopped seeing the shitty emails after my grandmother died.
So, when are you heading back to Europe?
This was old 20 years ago.
Hey great job grandma x)
The difference is ET accidentally got stuck here. He wasn't fleeing war, famine or poverty.
Didn't know this was r/racistuncle
r/forwardsfromgrandma
On reddit it's /r/imgoingtohellforthis. IRL it's facebook. 
Fuck off, grandma. 
So, when are your native americans gaining their lost territories again? Or is it all OK as long as the immigrants are white? 
Remember when this sub was dark humour instead of shitty facebook memes? Jesus Christ. 
Reading the comments, I didn't realize /r/ImGoingToHellForThis was infiltrated by pinkos defending actual criminals.
you know when its a good post on this sub when all the comments are people getting triggered
this joke was quite popular when I was a kid but people made fun about the turks. op you forgot to mention E.T. came alone.
You'd like me then. Only a couple of months on the crooked teeth island, I finish school, and I go home. I really don't understand people who migrate and say it's better. Everyone treats you like shit unless you workin a very respected profession when u migrate. If you're not starving in your country, why the fuck would you leave?
E.T wanted to go home because he liked it there. Illegal immigrants don't want to go home because their home is probably destroyed and their country is a complete mess.Life is not fair, you middle-class americans are nohing but really fucking lucky, you have not done a single thing to deserve being where you are right now it's just pure luck.And when you are *not* lucky, like the black hood communities, syrian refugees and illegal immigrants you will either do whatever you can to survive.If you tards were not this lucky you would think the same as them and wonder why people in the world are debating over to either help you or leave you to die.
E.T.  didn't want to stay on this planet because the Feds were after him. He turned their guns into Walkie-Talkies!
Rodney Dangerfield was the child of an immigrant.
this is some facebook level shit
E.T. didn't rape anybody either.
Wow this sub has gone to shit...
Here's the thing, conserva-faggots: if you agree with the post, it's not /r/imgoingtohellforthis content. It's just your political agenda. I was under the impression that this sub's content should be offensive, not what the fucking majority party holds as political beliefs.These are pretty close to my beliefs about immigrants so I am struggling to see why this is good content.
Someone actually is nice to, befriends, and ultimately fights the authorities on E.T.'s behalf? 
Your going to hell for having an opinion on immigration? Shit post 
Hey, I bought a book about making it big.  But all it talked about was money!
I have a feeling that a society with interplanetary space travel would have a better social safety net and economy than the United States, not to mention more advanced technology that would improve quality of life. If my home had that much technological and socioeconomic superiority, I wouldn't want to stay in America either.
When you scroll to the bottom and want nothing do with humans for a while...http://www.reactiongifs.com/r/ntntrstd.gif
ET, come back! We wanna give you free healthcare!
Happy Saturday shit 
Rodney!  R.i.p.
/r/Imgoingtoforwardsfromgrandmaforthis
This joke is older than Islam...
https://www.reddit.com/r/ImGoingToHellForThis/comments/4wf01r/elliotelliot/?st=IZ1JT0JS&sh=dd43a813
https://itun.es/ca/I0Ymhb
Oh my god, that's the guy from [Ski or Die](http://www.vgmpf.com/Wiki/images/6/61/Ski_or_Die_-_DOS_-_Main_Menu.png). Thanks for the flashback to my childhood. That was one of my favorite games.
An illegal is like the magic 8-ball. Shake it enough and English starts to come out of it!
.... He came alone, he is better looking, he learned the language, and he wanted to go home. 
It's funny seeing an IGTHFT thread where everyone's nipples are in a twist. It's a sub for offensive jokes and everyone's like why you gotta be offensive tho?
I get a little peeved about how easy some immigrants have it coming here, they have grocery stores, radio, and TV. Not to mention translators, so learning an easy language such as English, isn't a necessity. I'll point out, I'm also an immigrant. 
Reddits spam filter stopped working again guys, just like those illegals. 
Gotta love the picture that has nothing to do with the post, all in the beautiful 2010 meme format. Now all you need is a few rage faces and you've got yourself a quality Facebook meme.
Man, I hate Rodney Dangerfield. I don't know why, but his face just annoys me.
I honestly don't understand why I found this to be funny but it was funny.
Fuck I miss his comedy. Recently watched Caddyshack because it was on Netflix. That movie is  just good. 
Why is this in r/imgoingtohellforthis it's true
But he never found gainful employment. 
A lot of people misquote this movie, he actually only ever says ET home phone .. not once does he say ET phone home.
This seems like an email my grandma would send me.
I'm just commenting so I can see my flair again. 
ET didn't work, paid no taxes and lived on welfare 
Try having them opening shops without paying any taxes whatsoever, and when asked do you have any Turkish employees here? get as an answer I don't hire foreigners. Welcome to Turkey under Islamofascism. Where an immigrant has actually more rights in your country than you as a citizen whose ancestors died fighting for. Cause you're to be taken granted. Them.. They're precious fresh votes for uncle Erdoan. Man..
Facebook trash, kys
His home probably wasn't a wartorn shithole
hahhahaha because they are both aliens i get it xDD
...everyone was SAD when a government van came a hauled off ET
Thanks grandma from Facebook
This sub is going downhill. 
Damn OP are you retarded?
[deleted]
But both are the same height. 
/r/forwardsfromoldfucks
This sub fucking sucks ass
Trump grandfather was not like E.T. he was illegal immigrant and didn't go home
i could've sworn i filtered you
Who fucking upvotes this shit?
OOOOoooooooooooooh burn
This sub used to be better when it wasn't the low-hanging fruit of xenophobic and racist posts.
Most Illegal Immigrants I know speak english just fine...Now rednecks...on the other hand...
Yeah! Go racism! Make stupid people feel good about themselves by putting others down! Make America 1950-ish Again!
Huh, I tell ya, E.T. didn't work in the fields pruning and harvesting virtually all the fruits and vegetables in the U.S. or work in the back of restaurants preparing your food and washing your plates, or in hotels cleaning your bed, installing your roof when it's 105 degrees, building homes, butchering chicken, gutting fish, doing all the jobs no one wants to do, like banging your mom. But hey, I tell ya, they still get no respect.
White male here, who's part Cherokee. If all you people could get the hell out of my country. My Mexican and other Native American brethren would like our land to ourselves again. Thank you. 
oh look, it's you! you suggested that I'm mentally and/or physically disabled because of what I drive. I see you haven't changed, you're still a shithead
This is literally a cancerous facebook meme that I first saw there well over a year ago.
ha! Before Obama was president, Miley Cyrus was wholesome Hanna Montana.
I thought this was on r/terriblefacebookmemesBut nope, just another post in the decline of this sub
This sub has gone to shit. r/dankmemes is doing way better
Yeah but theyre kind of like his tv shows.Its pointless even having him there. And thats usually the point.
Agreed for Zach Galifianakis but reading this in Rodney Dangerfield's voice actually made the meme better. I don't think I ever read the Zach memes with the Zach voice... And if I did I think it would be the Chip voice from Baskets (which is pretty much the usual Zach voice).
This is one of Rodney Dangerfeld's jokes.
I read it in his voice. That made it funnier for me. 
I feel like the joke totally fits his voice and character. 
It's actually a joke he does in one of his stand-up routines.
Why not
Man, I'd love to see him bring his act to a modern day college campus. 
Such a great comic
Why male models?
Rodney is such an icon lol
I'm going through /r/all on my phone (no Css) and I thought this was /r/forwardsfrgrandma
This comment is better than the post.
Salty
Why would we? Last time I checked we colonized, not immigrated. So pretty much invaded. 
Never, because my parents came from Europe legally
I don't want to get political here, but you do realize the immigrants from Europe came here legally, right?
To go back somewhere you had to have been there at all. How can I go back to Europe? I was born in America and lived here my entire life. 
Not an immigrant if you were born here. Also not everyone is against immigrants. Only illegal ones. Why do you think its called illegal.
Yeah I know this is not in the spirit of this sub (btw, the spirit of this sub and this post are just fine), but as a Mexican, I don't think the average american has stopped to think just for two seconds about what would force a person to risk his/her life entering the US illegally.Most illegal immigrants are there to work, most don't save money to settle in the US but send it back to Mexico to feed their families (see: billions of dollars in remittances). Once they have made enough money to look for another way to provide for themselves and their families in Mexico, most illegal immigrants leave the US. I mean think about it, they can't like living in a country where it's been quite well established that people don't want them there. Where they don't speak the language. Where the only labor available is labor that most Americans don't want to do. Where they must constantly hide from the law.Just think about it, they are people too.
As if most of the demographic of this subreddit was even alive 20 years ago.
Oh right I forgot the US is the only place people can go when fleeing war, famine, and poverty.
Then they're just like ET.
What's racist about this? Illegal is not a race, go be a faggot somewhere else.
That's basically what this sub is. It pops up every now and then, but it's usually just a bunch of bigoted shit, and there are commenters calling it out, but there are just as many people defending it. 
IRL Fox News is *slightly* right of center of what American voters think. On Reddit HuffPo is slightly right of center, so there's some disconnect.
Wait how are you confusing immigration with winning a battle over territory. 
Antifa pls go
OP here: I am Cherokee, bitch.
They don't want them back they are living the American dream operating casinos slowly gaining back their wealth from our elderly through their social security checks via wheel of fortune slot machines.
The Indians are immigrants too.  When are the dinosaurs getting their reparation checks?  Hell, a White Privilege meteor took them out.  I read it on Vox.
It's a trend now. Lefties wanting illegal criminals in the country for the sake of being politically correct and feel that a ban is mean. It's gonna be on the democrats and liberals if another terrorist attack happens. They're gonna have to answer to why they tried to stop protecting the country and hurt our own citizens. Apparently that's what they want. Democrats want an attack to happen. Shame on them. 
Probably true. They've practiced entryism against most major subs.
but muh Lauren Bump, guissseeee!
Cause many of them are starving. Or have to fear cartels every day. Or have to fear getting bllow up by isis everyday. The rest believe in the American Dream, even if they dont prosper from migrating they have faith their descendents will.
crooked teeth island?
well tbh, half the NHS is immigrants
That's why the whole world wants to immigrate to Western countries. Just luck that those countries are all better than the rest. But I say come, just don't bring your shit culture with you that lead to a society you wanted to leave in the first place.
Well, maybe they shouldn't have made their homes such shitty places that they don't want to live there any more.The irony being that they move to other places that don't shit in holes and have rights and democracy but then want to instate Sharia law. Like, didn't you leave that shit for a reason? Don't bring it here. That's part of what fucked up your old place, why would you think it's any form of a good idea to bring that with you?
Not our problem. And is not an excuse to burden our economy. They are illegal and it is a crime thus making them criminals. Every country has immigration laws and you can't just go there illegally. If they want to get in so bad they can do it the legal way. Yes we are lucky and proud of it. Doesn't make it right for people to be here illegally and take advantage of our awesomeness. 
It saddens me how far I had to scroll to find a sensible humanist here.
Ah yes, the magic dirt theory.
I'm just going to say this, the problem isn't that people don't want to help. The problem is that a lot of these people refuse to acknowledge the implied requirements of moving to a new country. If you move, you are expected to assimilate. It's as simple as that. I'm an accountant and I live in canada. Everyone in canada is an immigrant, the only difference is the generation. When I do taxes for people, it's always the first generation immigrants (people who used to live in their home country than moved here) that bitch and complain about taxes. Middle eastern countries, for example, have a very different tax system. Why? Because the middle east has a valuable natural resource called oil. It allows them to afford construction of infrastructure with less contribution from the taxpayers. In canada, that isn't how it works. Each individual needs to pay. Yet, every time an immigrant brings in their taxes from previous years, I can see that they either scammed the system or tried to, very poorly I should add. I was at my annual condo meeting a few weeks ago, and a syrian woman stood up and said, in english  I cannot understand what is going on, I demand that you bring in someone right now to translate all of the conversations to arabic.  I thought lady, you are in canada, not the middle east. In canada, we speak english or french. Half of the room is filled with asians, indians and europeans who speak english as as a second language, what makes you think you are special?, but I kept my mouth shut.If this is how people behave when they are given help, then maybe they don't deserve help. 
The key word being 'Immigrant'. 
Or riot when people demanded that he get a citizenship
The problem isn't so much that it's offensive, it's just a shit Facebook meme really
They come here for the welfare and assistance that other countries don't have. They don't care about learning English or jobs etc they want the free money. Some people from south America do the same thing 
He did play the asshole role in a lot of movies
Yeah, but he didn't have kids, didn't bring in his family, didn't illegaly vote in elections, didn't rape anyone and didn't kill anyone so still a major gain compared to the average immigrant.If all immigrants did was to eat some m&ms and hang out for a week or so they wouldn't be much of a problem.
Because their talk is usually dumb as fuck like this. 
People who know about based Rodney Dangerfield you pleb
I didn't know illegal was a race.
You are a traitor if you know illegal immigrants and haven't reported them to ICE.
Most I've met don't know Or won't learn 
That's bullshit I like in AZ and they don't know shit. They Lived here for like 15 years and can't even complete a sentence. Whole landscapeing company run by illegals. When I was in Jordan for 6 months I learn Conversational Arabic 2 dialects No excuse.
try having an immigrant with an accent as a prof
> Make America 1950-ish Again!Well, 1750-ish, but one step at a time.
Something tells me you weren't alive in the 1950's
Or raised 5 kids on welfare while working off the books, dumping the wages of native workers, while not contributing even one tenth of the costs his family caused his hosts over their lifetimes.Socialized costs, privatized gains is just great when illegals and their employers do it. Scabbing pieces of shit and traitors respectively.
You think Native Americans just popped up in the Americas? They just got here first.
If only you'd had the means to keep invaders out 
> White male here, who's part Cherokee.[This about what you look like](http://southparkstudios.mtvnimages.com/images/shows/south-park/clip-thumbnails/season-15/1513/south-park-s15e13c01-a-real-live-native-american-16x9.jpg?)?
Do you want another shot of whiskey, chief? 
Too bad, we're not going anywhere.
You are perhaps mentally disabled. This is an image macro of Rodney talking about immigrants. 
And here you are flaunting your mental disabilities again...
What do you drive?
[removed]
Your facebook friends are retards! 
Zach Galifianakis' TV show? 
link source
I get no respect.
Lmaoooo I couldn't help it 
Is it? Which one?
I also enjoy tolerance riots.
This isn't from his act.
He dead
>r/forwardsfromgrandmaFTFY Edit: And it's second from the top 
r/forwardsfromklandma
You do realize only a small portion of the US population came from settlers in the 1700's. The vast majority is from European immigrants...   Edit: For reference, we had roughly 585,000 pilgrims survive the colonization. Until 1799, we had less then 1 million immigrants come in from European Countries. From 1836 to 1914, there were over 30 million more immigrants that entered the united States.  Then, from 1914 to the present day, each year we saw roughly between 500,000 immigrants to 1,000,000 per year (although there was significantly less during the Great Depression). Fun fact! African Americans who are decents of slaves are more likely to be related to the original pilgrims than any American of European descendants.  Edit 2:   Also, [many](http://m.huffpost.com/us/entry/3461873) [studies show](http://abcnews.go.com/ABC_Univision/News/study-latinos-learn-english-faster-german-immigrants/story?id=19428225#.UcCwOfbTXNa]  [show](http://thinkprogress.org/immigration/2013/05/23/2052411/xenophobic-tom-tancredo-colorado-governor/)  [that](http://news.wisc.edu/study-debunks-myth-that-early-immigrants-quickly-learned-english/) [immigrants](http://www.gazettextra.com/news/2012/feb/14/study-19th-century-immigrants-werent-always-quick-/) [today](https://www.google.com/amp/scienceblogs.com/gregladen/2009/04/13/when-do-immigrants-learn-engli-2/amp/) [are](http://americanspeech.dukejournals.org/content/83/3/259) [learning](http://americanspeech.dukejournals.org/cgi/content/abstract/84/2/176) [English](http://eng.sagepub.com/cgi/content/abstract/37/4/331) [quicker now](http://abcnews.go.com/ABC_Univision/News/study-latinos-learn-english-faster-german-immigrants/story?id=19428225) [then the European immigrants did](http://www.pewhispanic.org/2012/04/04/iv-language-use-among-latinos/)     
I bet the native americans wished they'd built a wall and shored up their borders.  
Well, maybe mexicans are just colonizing too.
Same thing happening now, it's just that it is bloodless and people can whine on the internet about it.  EDIT: Oh boo... good thing when you do it, bad thing when the scary brown people do it.
Right... The USA was founded legally. 
The pilgrims were legal?
> I was born in AmericaThat is not your achievement. Being born in Syria is not ones fault either. Stop discriminate people based on their place of birth.
> Not an immigrant if you were born here.That's bullshit. If you remain distinct from your host population you're not a member of the nation no matter what your generation is or if you have papers.
Yeah, the United States definitely isnt known for being a land for people to come from anywhere and become part of its society.Oh wait.
Illegal is also not a noun like you use it. > Illegal is an adjective, not a noun. This is not simply a matter of grammatical correctness. Shortening illegal immigrants to illegals reduces human beings to a status label, and a morally loaded one at that. It reduces the essence of a person to an act of violation, an offense. When you use illegals as the object of a sentence it literally erases the human beings who the sentence is about and makes the grammatical object of the sentence an abstraction, a label of condemnation.
Awwww, look at this angry little white male!
All I was implying was what this photo closely represents. Bye, homophobe.
The way I see it, when a democrat is president, pay attention to Fox, and when a republican is president, pay attention to MSNBC.         They're all fucked anyway.          I'm just waiting for the world to burn. 
So if an immigrant comes over attacking America it's OK as it's part of a battle over territory? 
One of those is more illegitimate than other.
He's not wrong though. There's no substantial difference between invasion and immigration and Americans and Europeans should start treating immigration like the invasion it is.
Idontbelieveyou.jpg
Let me guess.. your grandma was a Cherokee princess? 
How's that alcoholism treating you?
No.
r/asablackman
The ban applied to visa and green card holders. What does that have to do with illegal immigration?
> Cause many of them are starving. No one in a starving country can afford to emigrate. In areas that dysfunctional, no one is getting out. It is only in relatively>Or have to fear cartels every day.More likely to belong to cartels or criminal clans, and want to leave to find easier pickings among the soft people in the West.>Or have to fear getting bllow up by isis everyday. More likely to admire Isis, since that is the legitimate islamic state.>The rest believe in the American DreamNone of them want anything to do with American values. As evidenced by them bringing in more and more from Unamerican cultures.> even if they dont prosper from migrating they have faith their descendents will.Western welfare and social service are so generous they can raise their standard of living by a factor of ten or so just by showing up and being a parasite. And for their family.It's the economy stupid.
Well I have pride in my own country and I want my future countrymen to prosper. I guess this doesn't apply so much to Latin countries, cause most of the people there trace their heritage back to Europe and Africa and apart from Argentina and Costa Rica they're all pretty damn poor, so what's national pride to them?
Gr8 BritBong. 
The UK I assume
Great Britain. The stereotype matches reality, believe me.
Exactly. Besides, when you go to another country you have to respect their culture and customs and laws. It's a problem in England and Germany with Muslims going in and then expecting the country to change their laws and culture to suit the non-native muslims. If they don't like how britons do things, then they can stay the fuck out. 
Lmao you're lucky and proud of it.  I'm proud of the things that actually take effort in my life.
Just because other people are born lucky does not mean you are entitled to be lucky. It's also not fair for people that have to wait a long time to get there legally.
I don't understand what you are implying.
People are butthurt because it is a pro-white meme, not because it is facebook level.
just a different kind of offensive really
reeses pieces, not m&ms
Much like youth, urban and rapist it kind of is though.
I report low value white males daily.
Yeah this guy is un-American. If he really cared about his country he would've reported them to get them all out of here and stop being a burden on our economy. #NotMyFellowAmerican
For many of us, it's more like Make America Gag Again. 
The ghosted text next to your username says quite a bit. 
Socialized costs and privatized gains sounds like the mantra of big business as well. Maybe you should be more pissed about that. 
I would also like to suggest u/fiah84 is mentally disabled
and perhaps OP is a shithead, you judge: http://i.imgur.com/i6Tb4Mb.png
G-whizz
just a motorcycle with a DCT. It really triggers people for some reasonedit: and as this thread makes abundantly clear, it really triggers me when people say shit like OP does: http://i.imgur.com/i6Tb4Mb.png
r/imgoingnowhereforthis 
Between 2 Ferns, perhaps? Check them out if you haven't seen them, very funny interviews with celebrities/politicians.
I get no benefits, no benefits at all.
I think it's I don't get no respect
No, but seeing this reminded me of his act.
I have a Mayflower ancestor on my tree. One of his descendants raped my ancestor while she was his slave.
LEGAL MIGRANTS.  LEGAL.
Love that flair you have. 
> African American who are decents of slaves are more likely to be related to the original pilgrims than any American of European descendants.We know. Its them that dont want to admit it. And when they find out on TV shows like... 'Who do you think you are' Suddenly theyre not so proud of who they are... Oh well... the landlord must have raped my great great great grandmother They were married Oh well it must have been a forced marriage then By all reports they were a very happy couple Lies. Everyone is lying. All the witnesses were white.... (IM LOOKING DIRECTLY AT YOU HUGH QUARSHIE)Motherfucker.... your black ass is descended from _SLAVE OWNERS_
But that is still legal immigration. This meme is talking about illegal migrants.
> The vast majority is from European immigrants...Which is a complete fucking lie. The majority of US Whites have majority English ancestry. Which comes from the colonists, not the immigrants.>Fun fact! African Americans who are decents of slaves are more likely to be related to the original pilgrims than any American of European descendants.No.
When my full blooded Cherokee grandmother was growing up, she asked her mom why she was taught English and not Cherokee. Her mom told her Cherokee is dying and it's the white man's world now. I don't think I've ever felt so sad for someone; intentionally not carrying on heritage because the local communities (and even the federal government at one point) are making moves to take away their lifestyle. Edit: since this got some attention, another story I enjoyed she told was once her family got a dog from a family friend. Its owners and her parents had no issues with calling the dog or getting it to obey. It may have taken her a while but she realized the dog only knows Cherokee commands and my grandma only spoke English. 
>native americansDo you mean warring tribes that had little to no cohesiveness?
We do
>Ha! The Native Americans didn't build a wall and now their culture is almost gone and they've almost been completely wiped out! Checkmate Trump supporters!Ok
Maybe they wouldn't be extinct if they did.
Bloodless? Are they vampires?
Don't sit here in our modern society and pass judgment on what things were like hundreds of years ago. Really easy for you to say that from your iPhone .All immigrants are welcome legally, if you are sneaking into the country then you are a criminal by definition.
Do you honestly think that only one wave of immigrants came here from Europe, over 200 years ago? Maybe they were illegal, but the majority of our European immigrant parents who came here with in the past hundred years did so legally
There were no state or legal system to forbid them coming, so yes.
all of my family came over long after the pilgrims.
Would you care to cite which tribal law regulated immigration? Because otherwise, unfettered, unregulated, unchecked immigration will do to us exactly what it did to them.
Of course not.Being born isn't a choice or an achievement. Ground breaking stuff there Copernicus.  
What a surprise a Jew argues for rootless cosmopolitanism for non-Jews.A country is a gift from your ancestors and something you hold in trust for your children. Americans deserve America, because they got it from their parents. If you or your parents, or their parents, were immigrants you are a guest or a parasite.
Are you that fucking dumb? An immigrant moves from one country to another. That's why migrate means move. If you were born in the fucking U.S. then that is your home country. If you really think that being away from your mass population of ethnicity makes you an immigrant then you must be part of the kkk or something.
Overpopulation. 
When the fuck did this subreddit, of all places, get infected with PC cancer?
No one cares. 
When a person comes to another country without permission, without legal basis, and steals an identity of an honest citizen, do I not have the permission to demean that person who acts against the law? 
That's the definition of might makes right. Also why countries have a military. 
Well yeah, if they defeat us and take the land, then it's theirs whether we like it or not, right?
Only if they won. 
if an immigrant attacks someone in America they have to go back.
Yes, if they fought and massacred Americans to occupy territory it'd be 100% fine. (/s for the Americans.)I love it when the retards here try to debate/argue. I like some of the jokes on this sub but boy, the comments are always cancer. 
Yea the illegal one.
I identify as whatever I want!
Lololol oh snap 
Illegals are criminals and radical Muslims are just a terrorist act waiting to happen. Lefties want to keep harboring both and let the worse happen. They hate America. 
> The ban applied to visa and green card holders.Visas and green cards are privileges, not rights. Since immigration of any kind is a complete trainwreck causing immense hurt to Americans it should be suspended. Especially from those America hating countries concerned.
Spend less time on the_donald and actually go out and meet these people. I know it feels good to believe that your cowardice and hate is justified, but it simply isn't.
National pride tends to take second place to living.
ah
I can attest. Teeth are not my (or anyone I know well's) strong suit. 
Legal immigration grants way more social benefits, but not everyone has the luxury of waiting patiently in their home country for their green card to be processed. To the hungry who need work now, being an undocumented worker scrapping by on the fringes of the economy is worth it. You are acting like border crossing is some form of theft that's deserving of punishment. Missing out on basic civil liberties by being undocumented is no picnic. I'm not proposing open borders, just a little human decency toward people who are struggling. 
Legally or not Americans will hate them either way don't act like this about fucking legality. Its just not-so-casual racism
Legality
K.
youth is fleeting, urban isn't permanent, and rapist is...is... okay maybe /so
Well I mean they are illegal which means they are not legal. 
Yeah it says that SANDERS= FAGGOT JEW THAT KILLED CHRIST. If you commented on the sub during mid October you got it. That and the one that says I WANT HILLARY TO VIOLATE ME LIKE SHE DID FEDERAL LAW Please come up with a better deflection next time. Now back to the point, you're naive.
Sure, I'm anti-corporate as hell. They're mostly despicable traitors only caring about their bottom line and their weird upper class, globalist status games. Fuck those people.That's why they want to use immigration to destroy social cohesion and workers' rights in all countries that have any. Since that's a way to simply destroy national sovreignty and democracy by importing voters that push their agendas immigratino is the number one threat to the world today. If that continues we will be back to feudalism where everyone are serfs to the top 0.01% richest people, but with corporate logos instead of heraldic shields and knights. For poor people that would be a slight improvement, for us in the West a huge drop and abject degradation.What confuses me (but not really) is why the hell the ostensible left are on the side of the international corporations and billionaires to screw over workers. 
Jokes aside, he legit tags people and then brings up arguments with them many days later. Don't mentally unstable stuff.
You're the guy carrying it to other subs
Huh. Well I don't know shit about motorcycles so carry on my man 
I mean it's either that or baskets both of which have to have him there... Unless he's one of the idiots that calls movies, shows. 
Me and my wife always get into arguments. Said she wanted to convert to Islam. Boy that blew up. *Adjusts tie*
You just don't want to admit your ancestor was a hoe.
My husband is half native American so I get to stay by marriage, right? 
She was asking for it, wearing those chains and scraps of clothing.
It was only legal because we killed anyone that tried to stop us.
Are you just straight up denying a factual statement lol
If you would like, I could post numerous sources that back up my argument (all of which come from reputable journals).   But instead, since I'm always the one that seems to be backing up my argument with sources, I'm going to say, either you back up your claims with studies done from reputable journals, or back the fuck off
The largest white ethnicity in the US in German. That's in part why German is the third most spoken language in the US.
All jokes aside, I live pretty near Cherokee NC and it's fun to go up there and see people still living the life even though it's mostly touristy though.  It sucks, but change is inevitable.  Some day America will fall too. 
Nobody is taking away their lifestyle.  There's reservations for people wanting to live that way.  But if you want the luxuries of the modern White man's world, then yea you're going to have to change your lifestyle.  But that's your choice, you can't have your cake and eat it too.  Apparently your grandmother thought it was worth the trade-off.
feathers, not dots. 
I'll take Who are the Iroquois, Cherokee, Creek, and Navajo?for $200, Alex.
Go back to the part of Oklahoma we gave you. 
Better start learning Spanish. CUCK
bloodlessbldls/adjectiveadjective: bloodless    1.    (of a revolution or conflict) without violence or killing.    a bloodless coup    You are native english speaker right?
Most illegal immigrants in the US came here legally, they just didn't leave when their visas expired.
>  did so legallyShow the paper then
> If you or your parents, or their parents, were immigrants you are a guest or a parasiteHave you just described Trump?The real story is very prosaic and mercenary actually. Some of those who was born in US try to turn this luck into unearned privilege by discriminating those who weren't lucky to be born in US. That is all.
Why do you make excuses, you're on the internet, just say you hate brown people, nobody will find out :\^)
Honestly, there are just too many low value white males.
When you started posting the most boring shit in existence and no one wants to defend you anymore.  
Is that morally right?
Might is right? What year is this?!
And that's acceptable?
It's not a sports event
But all of America was built on attacking Americans and taking from the natives. Who goes back then? 
Cool so I'll come to your house and 100% massacre you and your family. That'll be fine. Edit: the guy above me just now included the /s. Make no mistake how his initial post sounded. 
Can you elaborate please?
Not for me. My life is pretty scummy anyway, lol.
Oh fucking kill yourself, you don't speak for anyone and you're a fucking retard. 
So you're saying that undocumented immigrants aren't really immigrants? That's a new one.I think words mean things, but I suppose views differ on that point.
Not a deflection. Just disgust. Go and enjoy your type of existence . 
I'll try to explain my reasoning, as someone who has counseled and spoked to thousands of undocumented people one on one. First of all, as the good person I believe you are, I know you would help someone in need if you were ever in such a position. They are people, just like you and me. They migrated for the same reasons as your grandparents. You are right in many ways: corporations, contractors, restaurants, farmers, builders, etc. do take advantage of these people and reap the rewards from their hard work, while the undocumented go back to barely making ends meet, doing jobs that nobody wants because of the low wages they pay and the type of work. But, you are definitely wrong in thinking they're all on welfare. There are many programs that do not cover undocumented people. As for taxes, I think the responsibility lies in their employer. They are the ones who decided to have undocumented employees and should also pay their fare share of taxes from the profits. Either way, a lot of undocumented people file taxes legally with a Tax Identification Number. And they pay sales taxes and county taxes, property taxes (already factored into rent) like everyone else. I think your anger should be directed against the corrupt governments these people have to flee, the greed of corporations and employers, but not someone trying to make a better life for themselves or their family. Their contributions to this country far outweigh any cost you complain about. Or take a look at the policies of the U.S. in Latin America since the 1940's and all the way into the 90's that led to the problems many of those countries face today. As for Middle Eastern refugees (I counseled many of them as well), they're not at all what you think. And you can blame U.S. actions for their immigration as well.
hey without tags everyone on reddit just gets lost in a sea of shitposts, save for a few extra special characters. I like to tag people if I feel like it's worth having them stand out from the crowd, for better or worse
Bored to Death too
Or Late Night with Zach if you want to go back a ways. 
You buy a hat like that I bet you get a free bowl of soup! Oh it looks good on you though 
Take my wife... Please!  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KUnlMULbFUQ
Well she did get a free boat trip...
Is your husband Elizabeth Warren?
The American Way
those mexicans are trying, they're just shit at it.
Yeah, I thought it was pretty common knowledge that many slaves were the illegitimate children of their slave owners. The part that really baffles me though is that this guy straight up denies it.
>If you would like, I could post numerous sources that back up my argument (all of which come from reputable journals).Since what you are claiming is wrong, any journal backing up what you say would be disreputable. So save yourself the effort.This isn't hard. The founding population were larger than the European immigrants, and the immigrants intermingled to a significant extent. Hence, most Whites in the US descend from the founding stock.It's pretty much only people who immigrated in the 20th century and late 19th century that do not, and they're by far the shittiest kind of whites and not very assimilated in that they largely maintain their shitty Euro values rather than the Anglo values which made America great. Swedes, Irish, Italians, Jews (if you call them white, which you shouldn't). >But instead, since I'm always the one that seems to be backing up my argument with sources, I'm going to say, either you back up your claims with studies done from reputable journals, or back the fuck offGo fuck yourself you anti-white piece of shit.
They're taking away parts of local businesses and churches that advertise in Cherokee. And it wasn't her choice like I said, it was her mom not passing down things. Why you gotta be so quick to attack a minority group just because you've lived a cushioned life?
Weren't a lot of Native children kind of made to go to Christian/European boarding schools and had a lot of their Native identities stripped away?
What luxuries do you think magically disappear once you cross a man made border into a different territory? They still have access to everything anyone else has. 
Lmao you're a fucking idiot. Get out of the house and learn how the world works you goddamn imbecile 
Somebody's never been on a reserve.
Just came from a few Asian countries. They definitely had both traditional culture and Internet access.
So, warring tribes that had little to no cohesiveness.
Better start walking now
Nope just misread it, no reason to be rude :)
OK? That's still make them illegal. You're not a shoplifter when you walk into the store, only once you steal something do you become a shoplifter. 
I don't owe you shit, weirdo
Show the law first.
Or, y'know, people dont buy into this bullshit 'earned vs unearned privilege' bullshit rhetoric and simply recognize that people coming into the country illegally are by definition criminals and harming our economy...those people are realistic.
Nope, we have an overpopulation issue that needs to be addressed, but no one talks about it. 
Fight to make suicide legal then. 
This sub could take its bigotry to the max if it was actually funny or clever. Right now it just feels like another hate sub.
No, but it doesn't matter.
well when muslims took over spain and portugal the europeans weren`t bitching in social media they kicked their asses out of there but until they didn't defeat them yeah 
I'm not really trying to make some deep point, but since the question about taking over territory was asked (whether it's okay or not), I'm just saying that in history it appears that whoever wins, wins. Right or wrong doesn't seem to enter into it. Was it okay when we wiped out the Native Americans? It's just what happened, good or bad. If we are invaded and wiped out in the future, I would say it's bad, but it won't really matter what I think. If we're strong enough to stop them, then we get to say they were the bad guys. If they win, well, their history books aren't going to call themselves the bad guys. In America's history books we don't call ourselves the bad guys, either. A little long, sorry. I don't even really have a point, but it's an interesting question.
Just FYI those guys are dead.
Tag me as not taking your shit
Oh Fuck how could I forget that one. I love that show
Don't forget the eye roll.
I guess this fact wasn't so fun after all :(
It wasn't a rape because of the implication ...
The human way.
Those Mexicans are some of the hardest working folk around.  
Too bad for them they don't carry any diseases we haven't been exposed to. 
Just today I had to fight 8 illegals and their anchor babies trying to kill me on their way to work. I'm so glad they're so shitty at invading others
> Yeah, I thought it was pretty common knowledge that many slaves were the illegitimate children of their slave owners. Pilgrims weren't the ones knocking up slaves. Not a lot of cotton picking in New England.
lol you got owned so fucking hard
^ the tolerant right everyone
Yeah, but they all got iPads, so they should be thankful. 
Uhh, bison? 
Money
The ones that drank firewater and had bows and arrows. 
try not to get any tears on our new trail
Oh that was not my intention.  I myself am a non native speaker. English is my 2nd language.
That passive-aggressive smiley.
Not really the analogy I'd use. More like if you go to a hotel and book one night, but try to stay there longer, they'll kick you out.I was just saying that they were welcomed into the country legally, they just overstayed their welcome.
No law no legal status
Maybe in some coastal cities, but outside of that..?
Citation needed 
So are terrorist attacks OK? As they're part of a battle for territory? Or are ISIS right in countries where they have taken control?
I...don't think you're intelligent 
No, they converted to Islam and chilled for a few hundred years before getting murdered for being Muslim
I'll tag you taterhaters ruined reddit / ENEMY FOR LIFE
Well at least you're not a seagull!
Ehhh mixed bag. About the same rate as every other race or ethnicity. 
That depends, my grandmother's neighbors hardworking and respectable. Several of the ones living in section 8, doing the bare minimum.
http://www.npr.org/templates/story/story.php?storyId=4472821
Ah, well here's a tip, it generally comes off as rude to post a dictionary definition if someone misunderstands something. It can be seen as condescending. 
Both analogies and the actual scenario are illegal, which makes you a criminal.
Nope - no law, no illegal. You have it exactly backwards. What isn't specifically illegal is legal.
Yes. We also can't let in millions of immigrants from anywhere and then bitch when eventually we're not able to feed everyone in 5 years. 
America was founded by terrorists.  The difference is that we won, so we get to write the history books.
yeah whatever can we nuke the middle east yet? 
yeah thats more accurate 
This is on. Consider yourself nemesised.
I think it is way better than spamming a link.
I mean, sure, but speeding is also illegal.
This doesn't make it legal immigration still. Just unregulated.
Where outside of some coastal cities is there overpopulation?YESspoken like a true murican
Are you saying that's OK?
http://i.imgur.com/59PUgNV.jpg
Herein lies the misunderstanding. Let me explain: when you said bloodless, I thought you were referring to the people themselves. Reading that, I made the joke that they must be vampires (as in some lore they have no blood, but not always). You thought I didn't know what bloodless meant. However I do, and now here we are having a very pedantic hissy fit. 
You are the perfect Statist. Unless there's a law telling me I can do it, it must not be legal!
Every city and town.
Does it matter? ISIS aren't going to give up and change their ways just because I disapprove of them. 
In all fairness they can see their fathers during visiting hours.
Ha, they think we don't know hes a fascist?
This joke is 5 years stale 
We also didn't get tricked into a free cruise across the Atlantic in the 1500s.
But can they see why kids love the taste of Cinnamon Toast Crunch?
Haha, jokes on everyone.
I agree. This joke came and went already and ain't coming back. Much like black fathers.
Haha remember that military backed coup he did and killed all those minorities 
can't call facts racist.
*4%11 million black males 18-35 
(Insert sound of crickets here) 
this is why america needs the klan
Dass raciss!
Okay, I'm a black liberal. How do you suppose we solve this problem? I swear i won't call you a racist. I think the problem is education. Poor locations have low quality schools and richer locations have higher quality schools. 
Because that's what happens when you unchain apes.
r/multiculturalcancer
You could even say it's 6 percent of the population because a vast majority of those violent crimes are black males. Just sayin
The protagonist is a light skinned green eyed girl, as if she has no white DNA in her.
But really though why?
[Them thinking of a reason to blame that on white people](http://jgdiaries.com/wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2014/02/Thinking-Monkey.jpg)
it's 13 % to 52 % https://i.gyazo.com/919c695c75b591515c43e12787704f6f.png
Obviously because negros are inferior nothing to do with education or massive poverty. Lets just stop funding nigger schools and bring back slavery. This was a time when negros had respect for a white man.
To be fair, it's the niggers turn now. Whites committed almost every murder for hundreds of years in America, only right to give the blacks their fair share of murders. God, don't you just love America? 
Cops make up 12% of the population?
Hahahahaha only the whitest and trashiest of American assburgers could attempt this type of mental gymnasticsEdit: is there an echo is here^echoinhere^echoinhere[Trump supporters](http://m.imgur.com/Ey5xXZ0?r)
Source?  
You not only can, you also can imprison people for mentioning them in large parts of the world. In most of Europe posting this, or the local version, on Facebook would be enough to be sentenced to prison.
**9.2%, 11/119 million US adults. It's well over 12% if you further subdivide 119 million male adults into 18-35 yo only. [Wiki](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Demography_of_the_United_States)Just sayin'. 
[...........](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U9c_KttvQPU)
 well
If you just let black people join then it's a win-win. They kill more black people than anyone else.
Single motherhood is the primary problem
The culture is the problem, which stems from poverty. I don't know how to fix it though. 
Music is more influential then people realize.Also (at least from experience in Baltimore) doing your homework and what not is wrong.It's a toxic culture 
School funding is definitely part of it, but even in poor schools blacks often underperform when compared to their white or latino peers. In my opinion, the problem is inner city black culture. If you want them to do better in school you need to A) solve or significantly reduce the incidence of single motherhood and B) instill a respect and desire for education among black children.
I think blacks shouldn't be allowed within 300 yards of each other. 
Have good role models within the community move for change from within the communities themselves. Because they are disenfranchised by the history of America, nobody can fix this for them from the outside. There is no possible reparation that could cancel out centuries of slavery and its residue.It has to be them, even though it's not just their fault. They need to find a core set of values that will encourage their children to try again when they fail without ever pointing to history and telling them See? The world is against you. Don't feel so bad.This isn't coming from a lack of sympathy. I know it's not easy or fair. It's just the only way out.
Abolish a certain constitutional amendment. If you can't get a weapon, it gets difficult to kill people.
4% actually most of them are committed 18-35
Holy fuck that's goodEdit: if you downvote me or the parent comment you clearly don't understand this sub 
Why is this downvoted lol
[Here](https://ucr.fbi.gov/crime-in-the-u.s/2013/crime-in-the-u.s.-2013/tables/table-43) are the official FBI stats.
I'm calling the Danish embassy! Your days are numbered, troll! 
https://youtu.be/xpSRwM0_p0Q?t=62
I love American experts of European law. 
Nope, you can not. Only if you say stupid racist shit. If its a fact you're safe
european here. binaryguys statement is total bullshit.
#alternativefacts
Good thing this is 'murica and even those with dissenting or unpopular opinions can say their peace. (except trump, fuck trump). 
Why do you have so many down votes on this comment, it's 100% true 
18-35 yr old *black* males.   
I don't know what I expected
Lol. 
It also makes it incredibly difficult to defend yourself against those who don't follow the law (we call them criminals). As it is currently, not just anyone can purchase a firearm legally. Considering that most gangland murders are committed using stolen or illegal firearms, I'd say abolishing the second amendment wouldn't do jack shit to solve the problem. 
Rekt 'em.
Ouch.
Lol you can't post stupid ignorant memes in response to facts and numbers. Too bad liberals destroy and prevent conversation and dialogue on how we can prevent blacks from being overrepresented in violent crime. They'd rather plug their ears and shout racist instead of solving it.
What say you, /u/skankhunt42?
Where's your report on the levels of lead poisoning and inbreeding required to ~~vote for Trump~~ blame an entire race of people for a Netflix series?
Not an American. People have been sentenced for incitement for similar statements in Sweden. Usually with a suspended sentence, but some times not.And no, it does not matter at all if it is true.
Nope. In Nordic countries at least it only matters if remarks are disparaging, the truth is  no defense. 
Here ya go, here's some dumbass shit Merkel has arrested people forhttps://www.washingtonpost.com/news/worldviews/wp/2016/04/15/merkel-allows-prosecution-of-german-comedian-who-mocked-turkish-president/?utm_term=.44112f5d2818I'm pretty damn lazy and don't wanna copy and paste a bunch of shit on my phone, but you're probably some leaf troll who sucks Trudeaus feminine dick. I've helped a website out by writing up small town articles that get suppressed by the government (like Sweden) about people getting arrested and crime statistics being deemed racist and banned 
Nope. It's illegal in Scandinavia and I'm reasonably sure Germany and France as well. Eastern Europe likely is better off.
Free speech is important, but if you disagree with me, it's hate speech and should be silenced 
I'm not liberal, but I sure as fuck don't support Trump or most so called conservatives. The facts do speak for themselves.
I simply pointed out the crime stats. Nobody blamed an entire race of people for a Netflix series.
You're delusional. 
Pretty sure it's the Jews that get blamed for the Netflix thing. Blacks just take some heat for all the raping and murdering they do.
I hope they imprison you for these facts
Swedistan is not a country to look up to.
So basically if someone doesn't like what you said, you can go to jail? Wtf?
Good lord can Merkel just, I don't want to say die but, leave already? What the hell has happened to Germany? Fuck Merkel, Fuck Erdogan, Fuck whoever is in charge of Swedistan. Come looking for me mother fuckers. 
you are reasonably full of shit
So instead of just arguing with 3 people why haven't you just posted your proof and ended the debate, you seem pretty sure after all.
It's skankhunt42 the famous troll
Sweden is not most of Europe
No the word is die. Tyrants like her is leading up to another communist regime, which was and is worse than Hitlers Germany.
Yeah, if your symbol is of a *stellar eclipse of the goddamn moon,* there are some issues. Same goes for wearing a torture and execution device as in some other camps.
Some are Transgenders 
##My name is not stop. 
She can't scream if she's dead 
Last time I checked my name wasn't No either
In all seriousness though, is this because the black balloons absorb more light and heat so they lose helium faster from the increased pressure?
And the azns are showing off as usual.
All those balloons were made in china.
Yellow power! Yellow power! Yellow power!
This is part of history. Black people being tied up 
To be fair Asians had the same discrimination as blacks at one point but did much better in the end. Also blacks from the West Indies living in the same hoods American-born blacks live in earn more than 50% more. 
Higher temperatures rise though. They are filled with weed smoke rather than helium
Muthafucka....You mean to tell me B.O.C. be selling bottles of compressed bong smoke under the counter for years and ive been buying threefers?
Its 2017 and people still fall for this shit, smh...
Now she's FREEEEEEE,FREE FALLIN'    like wtc7
Let's not jump to conclusions
That is a disgrace. 
You think that's bad?  You should check out the water in Flint, Michigan.  Improving our infrastructure should be a bipartisan common goal. Clearly the state of Michigan cannot fix this alone. Yet,  there's so much government waste.    
LOL, He's not wrong.
But heaven doesn't exist
It proves leaders who build the wall are the almighty ones
Is this post really comparing the United States to heaven? Hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha[Trump supporters](http://m.imgur.com/Ey5xXZ0?r)
I know that...you know that...But the US is one of the biggest followers of it. 
I dunno man. Its kind of difficult to beat a blowjob and a bacon sammich... _at the same time_
Revealed preference shows the rest of the world agrees it's the closest thing to it on Earth.Just like how looking at their actions there's nothing brown people want more than to be oppressed by whites.
Saw you trolling another post. You really like downvotes, do you?
Remember that username. Local subteddit troll. Pay no mind. 
I don't know about that. Ya I am sure some do. Have you been to northern Europe though. They got thier shit together and it's beautiful. Fuck canada is the best In my mind.  I just wish they would buy Mexico. So I can get Canadian love with Mexican weather. 
Kyles dad trolling reddit
too bad he cant read
Then you realized you're the signal
She said yes to mcdonalds. Also if that ring breaks it will spin particles faster than the large hadron collider. Holy fuck
I bet she doesn't say no to much.
Sometimes you get engaged to koopa king Bowser.Edit: I'm sure I shit talked that Emperor Palpatine looking bitch to earn my flair, but I still hate it.
its gonna lose that finger
Ok that finger has a cankle.
those nails are for tearing into flesh
Never thought you could get a ring on a hoof.
Her cuticles look inflamed. On top of everything else.
I said Please don't eat me.
At least she can't go off and pretend like she's not married. As if cheating was an issue here.
To the restaurant's menu.
That ring was able to fit through the power of McDonald's French fry grease. 
If you press the B button on your controller while she's facing you, you'll have two reasons to call yourself 'flaming.'
Well she better of cause it's on for life 
Hands legit look like a different species 
When your hand has dimples you might be fat.
That's actually a nice huge 7 carat diamond.
She thought you said onion rings.
Anybody have a nice shot of her snatch?
There is so much wrong with this pic, firstly she said yes and it's a hand selfie!??? I'd like to ask but I'm really not sure I should.
The question was Do you want us to ass ranch powder to the slop in your feed bag tonight?
What species of wtf is that?
The finger said no
Kek
Running
hooves
Which means somebody cared enough about that hambeast to give her something precious.Kinda makes you wonder why so many fit women in their early 30s can't find a man.
Spin class
Standing
No. Back to 9gag.
Not funny, and that girl is thicc
Id smash the powder sugar of that
who the fuck do you take me for. i dont browse 9fag
If she lost a bit of weight she would be hot
Man, that's sexy. That's a real woman
I already want to eat there.Where is this establishment?
Apparently these are really common in Florida, in the Pensacola area. Or so I've been told 
Reminds me of [Sambo's](http://www.thedailybeast.com/articles/2014/06/30/pancakes-and-pickaninnies-the-saga-of-sambo-s-the-racist-restaurant-chain-america-once-loved.html)
I went there a few years ago. Black people were working there, it was very confusing
This isn't meant to be racist, I just really love that Brer Rabbit story.I'm always misunderstood.
This is at North Myrtle Beach, SC. Food is REALLY GOOD!! 
Oh my days, you've won the sub 
Wow holy nigger
It isn't called a feed us for nothing. 
You forgot the tortilla chips.
God damn did I laugh way too hard at this
Oh man. That's a baby. 
A Syrian refugee could think of a couple
Asians will be crazy with that food
God damn dude
Watch this post get downvoted because filthy liberals have filled up this subreddit
I downvoted it because it spoiled my dinner. 
I upvoted it because it was my dinner.
For real, have any of you seen any of the ISIS recent videos?Motherfuckers got 60 fps 4K HD cameras and shit now.[This is what I'm talking about](https://webmshare.com/play/jjWYa) **NSFL**
This is awesome. Have any more
Holy damn
Funded by cia
There's one that's filmed even better than this and it features extremely young children brutally murdering people (five year old shoots some guy a 10 year old saws another dudes throat open). I usually enjoy watching the dark shit of the net but that one made me feel a little dirty.
So real it almost seems fake. I feel like the lower quality videos can be more gruesome in that it leaves more to the imagination.
Supplied by the US govt 
I'm too much of a sissy to watch more than two seconds. Does the guy get beheaded?
That's because ISIS videos are made by the CIA with a 450k budget. I'm not even joking.
r/watchpeopledie
Those are so easy to find
Niggas can upload 4k 60fps in the middle of the desert but I can't get cell service anywhere 
Worse.
And here is a wild moron in its natural habitat.
Preach
that's because they own VerISIS
What was it? I'm not watching that. 
Are you calling the president of the United States of America, the POTUS, the leader of the free world a wild moron? SAD!I beg to differ.
 I have Verizon and there's like no service at my house or at school or at my friends house but hey I can use wifi and iMessage works over wifi 
Also how do they upload 4k 60fps without running out of data? 
A kitten farts in the face of an ISIS soldier.What do you think it is?
dunno, ask them lmao
There are so many things it could be. These people are brutal. 
Someone hits his head with a big boulder then the victim drowns in his own blood. Happy?
spikes are on the wrong side...
So the older illegal must have committed a crime besides being an illegal cuz those are the ones he wants to deport.   It's been stated again and again and again. 
Is this deporting an illegal and get anchor baby back?
r/politics with this horse shit
PRAISE THE TRUMPHELL SOLVE EVERY PROBLEMSESPECIALLY NON WHITESTHANK YOU JESUS TRUMP CHRIST
They are for catching people who fall on the US side of the wall.
Nope, bad hombres first, everyone else second. Keyword: illegal.
What part of *build a wall, deport them all* don't you understand?
The beauty of this sub is that i don't know if this kind of comments is serious or not.
That's like sending 10k lions into the sun
That'll get you banned on td2tags
I'm 31 years old and this is the first time I have ever seen a negro tard. It's like a shooting star!
Well both of them will be going down tonight.
Holy shit I didn't know they cut his head down to the fucking skull.
What's this from? That news story sometime ago about some monkeys kidnapping a student and torturing him? Is this the one? Not sure if this is a fake or not, fucking internet is so good at faking shit these days
> *MOD CHUCKLED*Cancer then. Thanks for the warning.
Fuck black people like this. Almost all black people are pretty chill but these fucking monkeys are a disgrace to humanity and should be fucking killed.
10/10 would watch.
Lol this shits funny ass fuck 
I love the original video, it's hilarious!  This version is pretty good too.
that's a WHOLE new level of fucked up
It's not fake, in fact, the  [FUCKING TORTURERS PLEADED NOT GUILTY](http://www.dailyherald.com/article/20170210/news/170219954/) and the worst part is that when it happened a month ago, the police were trying to decide if it was a hate crime (they even said fuck white people) and the sub went ape shit on the event.
Yeah, these are the dindu's that kidnapped the white retarded kid and streamed it on Facebook live.
That's pretty funny 
Holy shit, i know sometimes we go overboard with the jokes on this subreddit but trash niggers like that deserve to be hanged
These people are the reason r/coontown existed, they're the ones that do the violence and ask why am I oppressed?. Maybe you should change, fucking violent pricks.
Nigga nigga shit shit bitch hoe money shit nigga i got money nigga About as productive these monkeys will ever be, probably why their music says the same shit since...20 years?
