It's weird so many guys named John got together to commit these crimes.
[deleted]
For you football fans that's DXXII johns  and XXX pimps 
So now we know what kind of sex worker flocks to the Super Bowl: vice squad cops.
Amazing how many redpillers fill up the comments when sex trafficking is involved.
Wtf this comment section.
Today I learned pimps come in all different shapes, sizes, and colors. 
This title is misleading. > COOK COUNTY, IL (WCMH)  A national sex trafficking sting ended in the arrests of 552 would-be sex buyers or sex traffickers.It's Cook County for the news release, and it is a national sting.> In the Houston area alone, where this years Super Bowl took place, law enforcement arrested 183 johns and 9 sex traffickers183 johns arrested in the Houston area where the Super Bowl took place (Not **at** the Super Bowl or during it, just in Houston during the sting duration). So already the title is extremely wrong as it claims 552 people arrested at a Super Bowl sting. > Its particularly meaningful that this sting culminated on the day of the Super Bowl, which unfortunately has emerged as a prominent haven for sex trafficking.The sting ended on the Super Bowl.Every year they try to use the Super Bowl for some reason to pump this big myth that it's a sex trafficking party or something. So these people seem to have ended a long term sting on the same day as the super bowl in order to get a PR ride. From the press release:> The National Johns Suppression Initiative (NJSI) ran for approximately three weeks from Jan. 17  Feb. 7 Unless everyone came in for the Super Bowl 3 weeks early, they were arresting locals in the Houston Area and this *has nothing to do with the super bowl whatsoever.*
Good to hear. I remember reading how much of this shit takes place over Super Bowl weekend
A wall where you'd never want to find your face to land on.
What is a John compared to a pimp?
It's illegal to buy sex in USA? I know some countries it's illegal to sell sex, but it's also illegal to buy it in USA?!
Lots of bullshit research out there that has been debunked. Too many moralists conflate human trafficking with sex trafficking. Human trafficking is the huge piece of the pie, i.e. importing humans for forced labor. Sex trafficking is a very narrow sliver. Here is an interesting article that debunks many of the studies that will inevitably be posted by moralists and the misinformed:[Case for legalization](http://www.vox.com/2015/8/18/9166669/why-legalize-prostitution)
As someone who actively works with the victims of sex trafficking, the jokes about this topic make me sick.Grateful to see 30 pimps caught up, though. And with 522 johns arrested, maybe men (99% of buyers are men, according to studies) will begin to see that this is fucked up.
What is a 'john'?
Just legalize it. People need sex.
Alex Jones on Rogan anyone?
*Among those arrested was a Houston city employee who pulled up in a city vehicle, two firefighters, a retired police officer and a man who had his 4-year-old child in the car when he tried to buy sex.*excluding the child the total IQ of the car's occupants was about 37.
Is this law and order? I'm pretty sure I saw this episode for law and order svu 
The Playa Haters' Ball is going to suffer.
Prostitution should be legalized.  The sex workers would benefit the most from it. Currently they have to work outside the law. They have no protection and the business is run by hardened criminals. I love the USA but I can't stand its puritanical streak.  Men always have and always will (until sex robots or Matrix like VR) pay for sex. And if adult women want to sell it to them then so what?  Americans don't want to face up to the fact that not everyone wants a nice cozy family or that not everyone is cut out for the white picket fence lifestyle.  Some women are content with being prostitutes. They'd rather do that than work in an office where they won't even make half the money the do now.  If anything, banning prostitution is just hatred of women disguised as moral self-righteousness. A lot of men can't stand the idea of a woman getting paid for sex without being a domestic slave.  Not everyone wants to get married. Not everyone wants kids. Not everyone wants to live in a suburb and attend soccer games.
John3:16, or John:5:22
This really points out how the johns are less crafty than the pimps. I'm sure most of the guys arrested for solicitation aren't really criminals, just lonely guys.
I'm sure this happens at every super bowl. But Houston is also notorious for having hookers everywhere
What's a Johns? 
>Among those arrested was a Houston city employee who pulled up in a city vehicleYou're practically begging to get caught at that point.    
This is the most diversity I've ever seen on NBC.
Patriots fined $1,000,000 per John. Brady suspended 1 game per pimp.
Alex Jones was right! The interdemensional pedophile vampires are going down
Why have we seen so many large sex trafficking arrests in the past 1-2 weeks?
Gosh, I hope they go easy on Snoop Dogg.  He's one popular and romanticized pimp.
I like how the article is from Cook county, Illinois. That's where the Fugitive takes place.
a collection of oddly-shaped heads
Can't we just legalize this shit and make it legit already? 
Cook county illinois is a LONG way from the superbowl
In Burroughs' book Junkie, a hooker explains the difference in meaning of the various terms they use for clients. John iirc is complimentary, meaning a guy she can have a pleasant time with.
Pimps and Johns Pimps and Johns oh how come my Pimps and Johns. Dweedle deedle dum dweedle dweedle dee. 
So this has nothing related to the Superbowl. It just ended on the day of the Superbowl.
It's crazy seeing this with the knowledge that there's a proposed bill to legalize prostitution in Hawaii. 
Why is it the Superb Owl that has the huge sex workers after party? 
What are the odds that many guys named John would get caught by sex bees.
If only they were carrying ladders!
Meh, prostitution should just be legalized. It's a complete waste of time criminalizing it.
That's a whole lot of colored faces
And the prostitutes? Or is that part legal? 
Sports Illustrated did a great piece on this topic and HIGHLY recommend anyone truly intrigued by this situation to read the article. Also check out 87365836t5936's comment.
is prostitution legal over there? because it should be. then they can concentrate on the human trafficking side of this and might be able to make a big impact in a short time.  Good work though. took a lot of the slavers out. 
Thailand has some incredible hookers. 
The guy on the bottom left looks like a kid with a beard
This article fucking sucks.Where are the details? What does this have to do with the Super bowl besides the fact that it culminated on the day of the Super Bowl?
Well I guess what that say is true,PimpinAin'tEasy
Goofiest looking people are involved in this shit.
>Sex trafficking continues to destroy countless livesYeah it continues to ruin the lives of the johns and the hookers who get arrested doing something people do for free every day.
And yet, it was the Falcons who fucked the hardest.
Hmm why is sex trafficking happening? Oh, because the morality police outlawed sex.  Stupid shit like this creates more victims overall without solving any problems.  Way to go America!
That's a diverse group of pimps.
Not  a looker in the bunch. Guess that makes sense. Prob got into it by buying sex in the first place. 
According to the photo there are 12 African Americans, 11 Caucasians, 4 Mexicans ,and 3 Japanese/Chinese. I am just stating the facts. Hate the fact and not the man. 
Football fans are some of the most depraved sexual deviants, next to politicians
When they talk about rescuing 73, what exactly does that mean?  I assume that they found 73 prostitutes, but in what sense were they rescued?  A full rescue would involve finding legitimate jobs for them that pay a living wage.
Big Government is interfering with the free market yet again. Where's the outrage, conservatives?
We just have to start scrutinizing how they measured sex trafficking, but yeah, for the event, not the game.
Use those tax dollars america
We should ban Johns from entering this country. 
its like that guy charlie in south east asia. Man, he was so bad everyone was after him.
I knew a guy named John once. He was the kind of guy to take a penny and not leave a penny! 
We should call them Chads instead. 
Now you know why we call portable toilet porta-johns.  It's a shitty place to get named after.
I wonder if they also repost. Didn't articles about this same operation get posted multiple times on /r/news and world news when they originally happened around the super bowl? I wonder if bot makers have figured out they can harvest karma for adbots using guilt.
My sister actually asked why so many bad guys were named John Doe.. She was far too old to ask to her is question.
must be the rival gang to the Florida Man
it was probably just a coincidence. 
John D'oh
If you want to sell yourself for money just become a politician.
Selling is legal. Fucking is legal. Why isn't selling fucking legal? - George Carlin
Not all, as there is some human trafficking, but yeah, for the most part, just like drugs, the negatives of prostitution enforcement outweigh the positives by a lot. 
Legalizing definitely could reduce many issues, but there is evidence that [sex trafficking is higher in countries with legalized prostitution](http://eprints.lse.ac.uk/45198/1/Neumayer_Legalized_Prostitution_Increase_2012.pdf), so it would not solve this one by itself. I suppose you could try to focus on making the distinction and cracking down on sex trafficking.
Human trafficking is still going to be there, legalize and regulate it or not.
Teamwork makes the dream work!
hahahahahahawe're in the law and order mode now not gonna happen.
Not true. Human trafficking and slavery have been linked to the sex industry. Though I agree that if there is a willing party on both ends then it should be legalised.
Don't legalize under-18 sex for any reason. Pedophile Pimp should be hung by his dick.
Actually the growth of the sex industry in countries with legal prostitution outweighs the shift in business to legal establishments [](https://orgs.law.harvard.edu/lids/2014/06/12/does-legalized-prostitution-increase-human-trafficking/) 
The problem with the sex industry is that many of the people selling their bodies are being forced to do it, they're slaves. Prostitution is about human trafficking. Does anyone know of anyone who eagerly has sex with 10 to 15 people a day, every day?  Making it legal won't prevent no protect women and children from being forced in to the industry. 
Say...would your name happen to be john?
It doesn't actually help with the issues, there are studies on this.
I know this is a reallllly complicated issue, but I disagree with that solution. Decriminalizing prostitution but illegalizing (and being more strict about arresting) johns and pimps is a far more sustainable solution that offers more women ways out of the trade. Will that solution possibly hurt the business of a relatively tiny amount of high-class escorts? Possibly. But accommodating for them at the expense of the millions of women illegally trafficked against their will (drugged, tricked, intimidated) doesn't seem like a good or viable option IMO
Not only are the side effects ugly, these johns... sheesh.
Well you know how the republicans really believe in free market and freedoms in general, except with it comes to your genitals. Your genitals should be governmental business.
Legalizing will help. Sex trafficking will probably still happen. They're slaves essentially 
Consulting is the worlds oldest profession 
What they're doing right now is great. Before it used to be that the trafficking victims were criminalized for being raped, while the johns got away with raping a woman or young girl. I like that they're going after the johns and treating the prostitutes that are forced into this as victims instead of criminals. Unfortunately, the majority of girls in this industry *are* forced into it and a good portion of them are already marginalized people: runaways, illegal immigrants, and minorities. At the moment, legalizing it wouldn't reduce that any. All legalizing it would do would be to make it harder for the girls to get help. It'd be like legalizing rape (and that's what this is whenever you buy sex). It wouldn't stop rape it would just make it harder for the victims to get help.All a guy would have to do is say Oh, they had a license I thought it was legit. I would prefer they lock these scumbags up. They deserve to rot in solitary to willingly participating in rape like that. There's plenty of avenues for consenting girls to go down if they want to sell their bodies: webcams, porn, strip clubs. Those all make some pretty good money.We don't need to legalize rape.
WRONG!, Legalised prostitution increases human trafficking because there isn't enough supply for the demand, look it up.
Well, it was unlikely to be PG13 pimps.  
So wait- are these guys that tried to get hookers off the internet while in town for the superbowl, and pimps who drove the girls to that town?So they did a huge sting at a huge event?
And MXLIV blueballs
And no halftime show with Lady GaGa.
VICE: Tax dollars for cops to go drink at strip clubs and get lap dances  on top of their salary. Thank God Almighty for the sex police.
also cheeto supreme voters 
Prostitution <> sex trafficking. 
Well for a lot of them paying for sex is probably the only way they're ever gonna get it.
The comments in /r/news have turned to absolute shit lately. People with worrying mentalities are talking very loudly.
Wait are you angry that its pro or anti legalization? 
What do you mean?
The criminal underworld, world leading in racial integration and equality. 
A pimps love is different than that of a square.
But they're all named John for some reason
One even has downs syndrome!
Thank you so much
I've always assumed they like arresting Johns because it's and easier to rack up a high number. 183 johns arrested has no effect on anyone outside of those 183 guys lives but it's an eye catching number. 9 sex traffickers arrested is a pretty weak headline but those 9 arrests will actually have a positive influence on potentially hundreds of lives.
To be fair, the Super Bowl brings with it much of these kinds of issues so it seems like a good opportunity to flush things out if you know what I mean. 
Is there a particular reason it happens more during super bowl weekend? 
Except that it actually doesn't.http://www.snopes.com/sports/football/escort.asp
did you read the article? It has nothing to do with the Super Bowl other than the fact they ended a nationwide sting on the same day as the super bowl so they could use super bowl in the title. For clicks.
Bad to hear.Consenting adults should be able to engage in sexual services.Sex slavery is bad. I don't see us outlawing cars because of DWI. 
A John buys services from a prostitute. A pimp sells a prostitute's services. 
What's a pimp to Madam?
A John is a customer, a Pimp is a manager and customer service rep.
What's a god to a non-believerrrrrr
87 johns to 5 pimps if my maths is right.
It is, except in a couple of rural counties in the state of Nevada (far away from Las Vegas). I think if anything, Americans who want a change in policy are more interested in making buying illegal but selling legal, the way it's done in Sweden (which makes it so that the police can arrest johns but get prostitutes help). I would rather legalize and regulate, but legalizing prostitution is difficult because there's a synergy of opposition from conservative Christians on the right and some on the left like sex negative feminists who believe the industry is inherently exploitative. 
Lots of stuff is illegal in the US. We gotta keep those private prisons filled.
In the US, gambing, brothals and smoking weed are legal in some states and illegal in others. Just depends on were you are
it is but sporadically enforced. 
In places that it is illegal in the bigger cities there are usually a couple massage parlors open suspiciously late that are clearly brothels. I've never been but in the capitol of Wisconsin there are 2 places i know of that have been open for 30+ years, one of them with no issues the other one with a couple but because the owners are significant tax evaders and possibly have hands in other illegal business, they are still open though I believe. that one is literally 1 block over from the capitol building lol. I thought that was kind of interesting when i found out about that
Actually a huge portion of trafficking is sexual exploitation [sauce](http://www.unodc.org/documents/data-and-analysis/glotip/GLOTIP_2014_full_report.pdf) 
You are wrong. It's much bigger. 
Regulating it would remove a good deal of the trafficking to the point, why would anyone risk jail time when they can go to a legal vendor? 
Does it make you feel better to think it isn't slaves you're fucking against their will?
Legalizing prostitution increases human trafficking.
Human trafficking is sex trafficking and it is a multi billion dollar criminal enterprise in North America. It is an overlooked crime and is particularly heinous crime due to the fact that many times minors are involved. It doesn't get very much media attention because it is a very nasty evil to confront. It leaves a trail of shattered lives and heavily abused victims in its wake. 
Men have been buying sex since forever.Apparently even chimps do it.I doubt these arrests made any dent whatsoever in the sex trafficking ...would culture be the right word?
Sex slavery is bad. But outlawing consenting adults from arranging sexual transactions is not going to make slavery go away. And, it flies in the face of sexual freedom.
imo, if a woman wants to sell sex, they have every right to make that choice.I think the problem when it becomes illegalized is pimps and other nefarious elements start coming into the equation.Its sexist not to recognize this as an industry. Legalize it, treat them as workers with real rights. If a guy mistreats a worker, they have the police and the law to face.
So legalize it, why do you care if two adults wanna pay each other for sex. With legalization it would become safer for prostitutes. Get off your moral high horse, you are cut form the same cloth that have caused the pointless incarcerations of millions of people for using things like marijuana. If you really care for victims of trafficking you would push legalization instead of using them to get a moral high to make yourself feel better.  Honestly, go fuck yourself. 
If you're the kind of person willing to buy sex from an individual of dubious willingness, I don't think you care much about how fucked up it may be. They may hesitate to partake if the legal risks seem too high, but that pressure always wanes over time as the teams working these cases move on.
Don't kid yourself - Men do understand how fucked up this is. 
Men who use prostitution services are referred to as Johns
A dumbass way to spell Jon, that's what.  Real Jon's unite! Huzzah
the reference is they give fake names, so commonly john.
'John Doe'
I just got my first VR headset. No more strip clubs for me!
Joe, you ready for this one?Yeah, go ahead.Inter-dimensional pedophile vampires are snatching our kids and sucking their blood.
As crazy as he sounds, you can't prove him wrong lol
That's XXXVII in Super Bowl IQ.
SVU does all of their episodes based on real events 
The business is not all run by hardened criminals. A lot work indy.
Houston is the #1 city in the us for human trafficking
A John is a prostitute's 'client'.
The cops profile.
Yes. Yes they do.
Slavery isn't free ....
No Johns.
What are the 7 countries that have the most guys named John?
But what about Papa?
Should we build around us non Johns and make John pay for it?
We should ban ~~Johns~~ Juans from entering this country.FTFY
No! We should kill their dogs and steal their cars!
Are Jon's okay though? 
Trump's middle name is John...
And Haji in Iraq. 
Hang 'em!
Is that how St. John's warts came about? 
Also applies if you really just want to fuck a lot of people.  
Man I'd like to bend her over and show her the 50 states, if you know know I mean ;)
The state of prostitution in Canada (might just be my province, not sure) is pretty weird. It's legal for a person to receive money for sex, but it's sorta illegal to advertise it in any way.Well john, I'm sorry to tell you I wasn't really interested in you at the bar. 20$ gets you a blowie though, 100$ for a little extra.I say sorta illegal, because the laws over brothels/pimps/advertising seem to be in a state of flux. I think it was even illegal to buy sex for a while, but not to sell it?Not fully informed on the history of the legalities, I just know it's been kinda weird up here.
That man was way ahead of his time RIP, George
Why is it illegal to sell something that is perfectly legal to give away for free?!
In Germany it has recently been legalised to prostitute. The worker can even sue for her compensation, but a customer can't sue for services, since that would be in violation with the principle of human dignity to force somebody to have sex
you just gotta film it.
It is legal if you set up a camera and have her sign a model release.  It's bullshit, but it's because so many people are fucking stupid and/or evil.
In the United States, the average age of retirement for a prostitute is 19. Since most prostitutes aren't even legally able to consent, it makes very little sense to go after them. So, law enforcement tends to go after the pimps because they tend to have absolute power in these relationships.
Plus we can then focus all resources on stopping sex trafficking instead of going after johns.  
Uh, woah, hang on there a second. You forgot about the biggest pro of all. Jesus. 
We basically have legal and regulated heroin, now we have the biggest  addiction crisis this country as ever seen.Are you sure legalizing is the right thing? [There is evidence sex trafficking is higher in countries with legal prostitution.](http://eprints.lse.ac.uk/45198/1/Neumayer_Legalized_Prostitution_Increase_2012.pdf)
My comment from elsewhere:>\>treating a group of countries as a random sample from a population>\>controlling for 7 potential confounding variables with sample size 116>\>Making 15 different hypothesis tests, ctrl-f bonferroni, phrase not found>This is not good science.  I didn't even have to start scrutinizing how they measured sex trafficking, but I'm sure it's awful.
Register it then make it a union. Can hoe around without your card and proper registration.
> sex trafficking is higher in countries with legalized prostitution[Maybe not.](http://www.forbes.com/sites/timworstall/2013/06/15/legal-prostitution-and-sex-trafficking-from-the-annals-of-bad-economic-research/#43d5f0455da5)There is a metric fuckton of political desire to make claims in this area. You can't just throw a link and say here is the fact and drop the mike. 
This is the most common anti legalization argument out there and it's a logical fallacy. As long as it's reduced, it should be done.Not only that, but prostitutes are exploited because they're afraid to call the police to help if they're robbed or beaten. Johns get STDs and it's impossible to know which prostitutes are clean. Legalize and tax brothels, use the tax money to give all the prostitutes weekly checkups, and everyone wins.
Oh for sure. The point is to reduce it. 
I think you need to look into what human trafficking is. I work with anti human trafficking and I see some of the worst that this earth has to offer. 
tf u talking about? cheeto burrito loves hookers. especially the russian kind that make golden pee pee fountains.
Do you have any sources for your data? Or are you going with how YOU think the world works?If the money is good, people will do it voluntarily and eagerly.  Your morals do not apply.
Many doesn't mean anything to me.So let's get more specific. If I get on theeroticreview.com, eros.com, or something like that, what percentage of listings will be for trafficked women? What about the women who work in the areas of Nevada where prostitution is legal?Independent of that, your argument is bad. Providing a legal source of a service that is integrated with the rule of law is an excellent way to reduce illicit sales.  
> The problem with the sex industry is that many of the people selling their bodies are being forced to do it, they're slaves.And that has always been illegal and people have always gone to jail for it. There are many illegal things and people do them anyway no matter how illegal they become. Society will always be burdened with people doing illegal things and have to toss some in jail and fine others and so on. It's true.> Prostitution is about human trafficking.No it's not. Human trafficking is about human trafficking. A woman deciding she wants to sell sex for money and puts an ad up on the internet is making her own choice. Nobody should have the right to decide for her that she can't do that.> Does anyone know of anyone who eagerly has sex with 10 to 15 people a day, every day? You know it, I know it, everyone knows it? That's not an argument.Nor do all prostitutes fit the model of someone having sex with 10-15 people a day.If someone is being forced to have sex with 1 person per year, that is wrong and the person doing it should be punished. 10-15 people per day is not relevant to anything other than making an appeal to emotions. Nobody should be forced to do this and people doing so should be punished. > Making it legal won't prevent no protect women and children from being forced in to the industry.Making it illegal also doesn't prevent women and children from being forced into the industry. It's illegal everywhere.If making it illegal solved the problem we wouldn't be discussing it.This is not what people want though, they want prostitution gone because they think it's immoral. The human trafficking thing is a straw man to use to try to drive prostitution under. They are not the same thing at all.
I believe the principal of Knibb High School would have something to say about your comment[.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hkodTydUR0E)
3 edgy 5 me
Not that there's any difference
What is that? I googled cheetos supreme and I just got a lot of hits about a Taco Bell menu item.
Hard to know the difference. Is she just a prostitute? Or is she in slavery. 
They are often two sides of the same coin.  Sure, there are people who choose to be sex workers, but few of those are the types that end up working for pimps.  
Full of people with opinions on matters they know nothing about. 
The other day I saw comments supporting eugenics getting 50+ upvotes and it was downright terrifying. 
It's the Trump effect.  They figure somehow now their opinion matters since one of them got elected.
Not every person can agree with you 100% all the time. They aren't crazy and you aren't right just because you don't understand their 'mentality'.
#Dun Dun
If there's one thing that all races, creeds, colors and statuses can agree on, it's fucking is good business.
Any big event that draw people with money.  The Olympics, NBA finals, world cup, OTC, ect.
It doesn't.http://www.snopes.com/sports/football/escort.asp
One thing a lot of people don't know about the super bowl is that most fans in the stadium are not fans of the 2 teams. Every team in the league is given some tickets and their season ticket holders are entered in a lottery for an opportunity to buy tickets. It's also really common for companies to buy blocks of tickets and have employees and clients attend as a corporate event. All this is to say, most people are there for the event, not the game. So, assuming it does happen more during Super Bowl weekend, it'd simply be due to a bunch wealthy-ish people travelling and partying for a fairly large event
Houston also is especially rampant with sex trafficking. The irony is that someone one tried to do a porn convention in town about a year ago and all the hotels were refusing to house the convention because concerned citizen groups were saying it would increase trafficking and prostitution. Jokes on them, the Super Bowl, the big oil conventions, and the fact that our port is huge already took care of that.
50k rich assholes in one place looking to party.
The same question was asked in the first few threads about this sting when they were originally occurred.
Houston actually has a serious human trafficking problem, so I wouldn't be surprised if the lure of the Superbowl was just used as a honeypot  there for a sting operation to help alleviate the problem.
What's a Madam to a Sir?
Effectively they're the same thing. Madams are more likely to be former prostitutes than pimps are. 
Who don't believe in, anything?
I'd recommend adopting a policy similar to New Zealand, where prostitution was legalised. It has made it safer for the workers as they no longer need to conduct their business in back alleyways and seedy motels, aren't afraid to call the police if a John misbehaves. They're also able to report their income so the government garnishes income tax from it. Since the law changed (it was previously illegal) many, many articles have been written, by both those in the industry and independent analysts, about the positive impact the law change had. I should note that pimping remains illegal, but since prostitution was legalised women no longer feel they need the help or protection of a pimp so there is little (if any?) reported arrests of pimps. History has shown time and time again that regardless of the product/service prohibition does not work -- why then do we continue to attempt to enforce prohibition instead of seeking out solutions that can bring positive change to problems?
Actually the closest brothel is 45 minutes from where I live in Vegas.Haven't met anyone that actually been there. It's due to prices not distance. 
The Swedish style law sounds like it would be very unconstitutional.  
>buying illegal but selling legalIt's like drugs but reverse
why don't Johns need help though? Why is it automatic that a buyer of sex is a predator and a seller of sex is a victim? It shouldn't be.
> I think if anything, Americans who want a change in policy are more interested in making buying illegal but selling legal, the way it's done in Sweden (which makes it so that the police can arrest johns but get prostitutes help).> Thats fucked up. Just legalize it.
Not that far from Vegas.
i wouldn't call them a feminist tbh
That's sad, but true 
Smoking weed is still illegal everywhere in the United States, even if you live in a state with recreational weed or are a card-holder resident of a state with medicinal. The thing is that the way our nations government works is that we have multiple tiers of laws; federal, state, and local. Federal *always* supersedes state and local law from a legal perspective.So basically, some states have decided to say that weed is legal for people over the age of 21 or with medical conditions, but it is still not allowed by the federal laws/DEA classification of marijuana. As a result, it continues being illegal. Fortunately, the federal government has realized how massively unpopular their continued Schedule 1 classification for marijuana is and have widely stopped enforcing federal law regarding marijuana sales/consumption in states that otherwise allow it. The reason this is an important distinction is because all it would take was a federal government (especially the executive branch, cough cough) with some really crazy opinions to lead to the DEA or military organizations breaking down the doors of state legal marijuana distributors or even state legal medical patients and charging them with felony crimes that could, by federal laws regarding the war on drugs, put them in prison for the rest of their lives for smoking pot. Even though their state told them it was legal. I don't think this is terribly likely, but with current status and unpredictability of the federal government, it is absolutely not an impossibility.Otherwise, you're totally right about how area dependent our laws are. It is the result of the idea that American states are supposed to be a workshop for democracy, in which individual states are supposed to be able to make decisions separate from the federal government to most effectively suit their needs, and other states/the federal government could look to individual states to determine the best actual solution to problems. The ambiguity inherent in such a system has been responsible for the argument about state's rights that has existed since our constitution was first written.
Thank you for this, I'll have to go over this. 
Are things worse in the Nevada counties where prostitution is legal?
I don't really know much about this matter, but I think I'll believe the guy that provides an explanation for his stance, along with a source that aggregated research and several studies. Not the guy that just says You're wrong!. But I'd love to hear why you think that and see some statistics.
The data suggests decriminalization leads to increased trafficking.
How many people do you know that would fuck prostitutes ? Now how many people do you know want to be prostitutes ?
If it was legal and regulated I could know for sure. 
> Apparently even chimps do it.Chimps also eat their own shit, fling it at each other and piss wherever they feel like.  The fact that something is done doesn't make it right.> I doubt these arrests made any dent whatsoever in the sex traffickingEven if it made the tiniest dent, just one life of the 552 arrested decided to reconsider their stupid choices, then yes, it mattered far more then you could ever hope to calculate.  Something mattering has nothing to do with numbers, which is a typical naive American way of deciding upon success.
Men who happen to have been christened John are also referred to as John, unless they go by something else.
Y-you still have to use your hand though 
Wait, is there VR porn?!
I don't even know if that's a real quote
Who cares? Extraordinary claims require extraordinary evidence. If some idiots want to believe him with no proof why do I care?
Thought it was Toledo?
Thank you, kind sir. *tips fedora*
Pattaya has a variety of hookers from around the globe. 
At this rate, no Juan will be allowed into the United States. 
It's my controller man, I can't help it!
Where am I gonna drop a deuce if there are no longer any Johns around? 
Is it anything like the No Homers Club where we can have one? I'm pretty sure America would be devastated if we were to lose John Stamos. Have mercy!
[For the uninitiated](https://www.ssbwiki.com/John)
Im a simple man. I see a melee reference, I upvote. 
No John Wick? 
The sun was in my eyes!
Let's start with Donald John Trump. 
No Papa?
Lets boycott Jimmy John's 
No one was complaining. 
no ron
Non Johns
Papa bless
Aa long as they can show a birth certificate with an H. 
And Jerry in Germany.
50 states of grey?
I think what he says is bend her over a barrel and show her the 50 states but same thing pretty much. Loved that movie. 
It's to give the prostitutes the power. If they haven't broken any law, then they are more likely to report assault by their customers or pimps because they will be the only ones committing a crime. It's a good way to keep pimps from becoming too powerful or customers from raping or assaulting them.
In Ontario it's legal to advertise as long as you're not on a street corner.
I believe until recently it was illegal to live off the earnings of a prostitute which was meant to discourage pumping, which is one of the more damaging facets of the sex trade. 
It's not sort of illegal. The laws say every client is a criminal, every third party is a criminal and every sex worker is a helpless victim in need of forced rescue. Advertizing is illegal, communicating to negotiate price and services is illegal, hiring security is illegal, working in a commercial space is illegal, working with others is illegal. It's definitely weird and dangerous. It certainly doesn't give any power to the sex worker since it becomes her responsibility to protect her clients from the police. 
In Sweden it's legal to sell but illegal to buy. 
Soliciting is illegal across the entirety of Canada. Once the discussion of money is made with the two consenting parties the act becomes illegal. If the act happens and the man/woman leaves cash with the worker, the transaction is legal. This system still allows for abuses (if the john/Jane doesn't pay, how can the worker seek help without stating their was an agreed upon cost) to still take place. 
There's a thing called the 'Nordic model' that's been in use in Scandinavia for a while. It basically criminalizes *buyers*, but not *sellers*. So it kinda recognizes sex workers as victims, and not as criminals. But it's led to a lot of weird regulations that many sex worker advocates oppose.Most advocates call for total decriminalization. 
Reminds me of a college professor telling us it wasn't illegal to smoke weed, just possession was illegal. 
Canada follows the Nordic/Swedish model. It is legal to sell sex but it is illegal to buy it. And pimping is completely illegal, it is illegal to even communicate with someone for the intent of buying sexual services.This model believes that all sex workers are victims and all sex buyers are victimizers. Therefore the victimizers are punished and the victims are not. If you read the (terribly politicized) article above they use this same kind of distinction. Everyone buying sex is now a sex trafficker (that sounds a lot worse than just John), and everyone selling sex is a victim that has now been rescued.The goal is elimination of prostitution. They basically have done the math and decided that the easiest way of doing this is by stigmatizing the buyer as much as possible.Thus *every* woman selling sex is a victim, and *every* man buying sex is a victimizer. Thus, not only is there the stigma of buying sex to slap on the man, there is also the stigma that he is committing an act of violence against women. It seems to have worked in Sweden. For good or ill is another discussion but it seems to have scared the customers away, which will drive prostitutes out of business, and that is the end goal. 
I think he was at just the right time. You have to be a lot more careful about who you offend now. 
That is a really, really good question.  Like is it illegal to charge someone for shaking your hand?  How about a kiss?      You can charge for giving a footrub, but you can't charge someone for letting them rub your feet?      How about for letting someone smell your breath?        WHERE ARE THE LINES DRAWN???
So in Germany pay after sex ... Got it
sounds like the easiest scam ever
Oh he probably got his pickle tickled a time or two.
what legal heroin are you talking about?
No, we don't have legalized heroin, but notice that with the prescription opiate issues, we have addiction, but we also have easily available help and little related violence, black market (though there is some of this), and basically minimal negatives as compared to illegal drugs. I don't care if people want to use a drug in a way that doesn't harm anyone. We let them do this with tobacco and alcohol now. 
My first thought was *a* study said? Yeah, not good enough. 
Sex workers will also be able to organize as a union. A strong union for them will beneficial I imagine
The numbers in Europe show the rate decreases but due to the sheer increase in volume there are more trafficked individuals in total. Choose your poison bro. 
Trump is cheetos supreme. 
Pretty sure it's a Trump thing.
People who voted for the next special menu item for Taco Bell. 
I prefer Cheeto Benito
'Ol Tiny Hands Trump
Which is the best argument for legalizing prostitution.
Just ask her pimp. You can trust ol' Backhand Billy to tell you the truth about his hoes.
*Caught in a landslide, no escape from reality...*
>  Sure, there are people who choose to be sex workers, but few of those are the types that end up working for pimps. It depends on how you define choose. Most prostitutes who work for pimps do it because they are desperate for money (often to support a drug habit). It doesnt mean they are forced by the pimp to do it or held captive like the word human trafficking implies though. 
there are a lot of people who choose to be sex workers. There are a lot of people who are forced into it and a lot of people go into it because they feel there are no other options. The recent use of sex trafficker any time prostitution is involved is a deliberate attempt to provoke more reaction out of people. It's like ACA/Obamacare. You have about 25% of the country being against Obamacare but happy with the ACA and holding both opinions at the same time. It illustrates the creative use of language to achieve a political goal. It's evil. Similarly a prostitute and a John exchanging sex for money conveys a different mental image to the phrase *sex trafficker*. When you think sex trafficking you think of a much more horrible situation, and these men in general probably were not involved with that. But they have been painted with the same brush. That is very deliberate. Its meant to scare. I mean, the operation was called the **National Johns Suppression Initiative** ... that's the whole point. To scare and intimidate, and change the conversation. The ends justifying the means. As usual.
Welcome to Reddit. 
Pretty much everything these days
Knowing everything about nothing is just as good as knowing nothing about everything.
Well, eugenics sounds like a really great idea in theory.  I mean, everybody wants their children to be intelligent, fully functioning, healthy, and well adjusted.  Good genes are one of the most important uncontrolled factors in human well-being.  If someone came to you and said, I have an solution to all hereditary and genetic diseases of any kind, as well as many disorders that predispose people to anti-social behavior.  You'd listen, because that sounds great!The problems really only arise when you think about the practical implications of eugenics enforced on a large scale.  Someone has to make decisions and create rules about who should be allowed to reproduce, and no medical or state agency is worthy of that immense level of trust and power.In reality, eugenics will come about as parents are given genetic information from their doctor.  We already do this with in utero testing.  The critical element is that no state or medical agents make the decision for you.  It's up to the parents, and, mainly, the mother.  Those are the *only* people we have *ever* given the power to judge the worthiness of another's life, which is precisely why abortion is still so controversial.
Reddit always goes in a cycle with eugenics. We're all for it for month until we remember we'd be the first to go, then forget about again it every 6 or so months.  
because comment sections pre-trump were stellar. e: im not a trump supporter/voter however its funny to watch people blame pretty much everything on trump even though we meme'd the thanks obama. 
You must be new here.
> Dun DunWas that for the police who investigate the crime?  Or the district attorneys who prosecute the offenders?
The Democratic and Republican National Commitees get a huge influx of prostitutes into the city they're being held in each year. 
Do rich people just indulge so much in things they like they get desensitized and decide to break taboos for fun? Like do they get tired of screwing models and decide pedophilia and sex slavery is the only thing that does it for them anymore?
this. The people in this thread to buy into the myth and just repeat it, even offering explanations for something that doesn't exist, make me want to punch puppies.
The out of town effect, away from family, what happens in Vegas stays in Vegas.
What's a god to a non-belieeeeeeeever
What's a goon to a goblin?
What is a Sir to a rebel?
What is a man? A miserable little pile of secrets.
When was it made legal there?
Because human beings aren't innately smart enough to understand something like this. It takes many years for significant change as a whole.
How much does it cost?
There's a similar bill on the books from 2010 here in Kansas, that allows for firearms and firearm accessories manufactured in Kansas to be exempt from the NFA laws, with the exception of firearms that fire more than once with a single trigger pull (I.e. Burst, full auto) and I believe short-barreled shotguns. However this leaves suppressors, short barreled rifles, etc. on the table as perfectly legal and regulated in the same way as a regular firearm. Just recently a couple people tested that law, and got busted manufacturing/selling suppressors and SBR's without an SOT na tax stamps. So yeah, the fed can and will bust people following state law, but breaking federal. 
No idea why you're being downvoted. You're completely correct.
What data?
That's not really dinner conversation is it lol.
Yeah, has been for many months I believe
Yes. Yes there is.There are 360 videos of real people (not sure if it's 3D stereoscopic or just a projection of the 2D video), and also a wealth of VR adult videogames if that's your fancy.
I don't think it's an exact quote, but I listened to the podcast and he said very similar things. Extremely bizarre.
they climbin in yo spaceships snatchin yo astros up!
Alex Jones is one of the best embodiments of Poe's law we've ever seen. 
It was more like the elite are Inter-dimensional shape shifting pedophile vampires 
It actually is. 
You can't ignore the fact he has been right about a lot.
It might be now, I don't remember the year where we won the #1 spot
With its close proximity to Bangkok I assume it would. There are wild girls in Krabi as well though I doubt as exotically diverse. 
We're allowed to have Juan!
Juan, Jon, Jonathan, and Jan are all banned for being remotely close
Not every Mexican here is here illegally. I wish this stereotype would die.
Maybe if you didn't spam the same attack over and over
I hear they are into that kind of thing in germany
It says no John**s**, we can have one.
Juan wick
Pimps and sexual assault wouldn't be the same type of issue if the entire thing was visible, regulated, and legal though. The issue is this looks bad on politicians, so they keep it quasi legalized because our laws/rights deem it should be allowed.
Is that recent? I had a friend in the business about 5-7 years back and she was under the impression it wasn't.
that isn't true. Canada has highly restrictive prostitution laws. 
Honestly, pimps or brothels as a concept are fine if everything is visible and regulated. The issue we have in Canada is that we need it legal because our laws/rights interpret it as a legal action, but we don't want the red light district reputation politically.
I say sort of illegal because it keeps getting re-illegalized but those rulings keep getting overturned. Not too long ago the ban on brothels/pimps was thrown out. No law was suggested in its place, but they were deemed not illegal. Someone else just told me advertizing within limits is legal in ontario now.So yeah it's kinda fucky no matter how you look at it. But I still feel it's the legal side saying this should be allowed while the political side says Jesus don't pin me with that label.
As someone else pointed out, that's a symptom of the view that All sex workers are being taken advantage of. Making it legal to sell allows sex workers to come out if they want to/need help without fear. It's still illegal to buy due to it being considered abuse.I don't subscribe to this viewpoint, in particular due to having one friend become a stripper because it was better money than working at a call center and one ex girlfriend becoming a prostitute because she liked being with multiple guys and wanted to earn decent money with only a highschool diploma.So at least not *every* prostitute/stripper is being taken advantage of. I don't see how legalizing the whole thing would make the situation worse.
Honest question...how does that work, then?
Yeah I imagine Carlin (like myself) hates PC culture and everything about it
> WHERE ARE THE LINES DRAWN???Mainly, where the moralizing authoritarians of the religious have managed to infect government.
All joking aside, these are really, really good questions. I've always wondered if a John was super technical and met the prostitute, told her he wanted to make a POV porn, then what? I'm not sure of filming regulations in many places, but what is the difference between that and a porn production company making a POV adult film? And like you brought up, and as EVERY prostitute AMA addresses, a lot of johns are into weird shit that isn't even really that sexual, i.e., punch me in the balls for $150. Is that illegal???
Prescription drugsLegal and regulated, and we now have a huge mess on our hands because of it. 
Opiates are legal and regulated heroin and we have the biggest addiction crisis ever. You clearly have never met anyone addicted to pills, there is a black market for pills (what color is the sky in your world? Where there isn't one.) and just as many negatives as illegal drugs. 
Article on Forbes disagrees with the study.http://www.forbes.com/sites/timworstall/2013/06/15/legal-prostitution-and-sex-trafficking-from-the-annals-of-bad-economic-research/#43d5f0455da5
Because he's orange and full of shit?
In countries where prostitution is legal, sex slavery goes up, not down. 
[Legalizing prostitution increases sex trafficking.] (https://orgs.law.harvard.edu/lids/2014/06/12/does-legalized-prostitution-increase-human-trafficking/)
Oh goody, then I can use all of this moral outrage I have.
Open up your eyes look up in the sky tosee
And we can go deeper down the same road: many prostitutes are lured in at a young age via those same drugs by those same pimps.  Which is absolutely human trafficking, if only by different means.  
Welcome to America 
I bet you wouldn't be saying that if trump weren't president!Seriously though I agree. Trump has nothing to do with this cesspool. People were idiots before and they remain idiots still. 
I blame the poor quality of your comment on Trump. 
Fun fact: the RNC attracts more Male prostitutes than Female.
Also, yes.
you would think it would have less due to the competition.
I'm not sure.  Maybe?  Seeing this seemingly common behavoir has made me concerned about my own success.  I think what it might be is similar to drug abuse.  Indulging in a vice to run from an emotional emptiness.  You need something progressively more extreme to get false relief.  I'm no psychologist, but that's my best guess.
Are rich people more likely to be pedophiles or to traffic sex slaves?  I think it might just be because the news always makes it a big deal when it's someone famousThis is a weird comment to make in a story about prostitutes
I've wondered this as well
No, you only ever hear ablut the fucked up ones
We'll for prostitution it might just been they're too busy working to get sex the conventional way.
Its probably that they can make their fantasies true. I would love to have a Superbowl party with my buddies and 10 prostitutes, like big orgy and with a lot of weird shit. Can't do it though, and I doubt the models they have sex with would be down for it. Maybe some porn stars that are escorts.
You say this like all rich people fuck models.  lol!
who don't believe in anything 
What's a goblin to a troll?
What's a rebel to a goon?
June 2003
According to my Google searches, it appears as if the girls set their own prices. It can range anywhere from $300-$2000 an hour. 
Asking for a friend.
The minium I heard, $500/hour. That's the minium.
>Countries with legalized prostitution are associated with higher human trafficking inflows than countries where prostitution is prohibited. The scale effect of legalizing prostitution, i.e. expansion of the market, outweighs the substitution effect, where legal sex workers are favored over illegal workers. On average, countries with legalized prostitution report a greater incidence of human trafficking inflows.https://orgs.law.harvard.edu/lids/2014/06/12/does-legalized-prostitution-increase-human-trafficking/
Why do people listen to this guy?
It actually isn't. 
Honestly I do not follow him and can't speak about 'a lot'. Are you familiar with Nostradamus? If you keep shit general and spout enough of it out, some of it will stick.Inter-dimensional pedophile vampires are snatching our kids and sucking their blood. In a close thread to this people claim this is not an exact quote but close enough to the type of shit he talks about. Spout enough shit and maybe the lesser crazy things will be sorta correct. People ignore the misses and point to the hits to go and say that he has been right about 'a lot'. I am guessing he has been very wrong about even more.Be a skeptic.
At least Juan. Maybe even Tuco. 
Don't forget the Jahns, they might sound fancy but they are just North European Johns.
What about Don Juan, or maybe just Don?  They sound a lot alike!
I think it was aimed more towards no one and not actually Juan.  I could be wrong, but that's how I took their comment to be.
Hey hey hey, spamming c-stick with Marth is a legitimate strategy that works.
Stop spamming projectiles! It's called zoning and it's art.
But what about Papa John's? More importantly, Jimmy John's? John Deere equipment? What about last names? What happens to Elton John? Do Jon Stewart and Jon Bon Jovi get a pass due to a missing 'h'? We don't need another hastily crafted executive order screwing us over.
There are still a lot of problems in countries where prostitution is legal, human trafficking for example, and the people who control that are all gangsters and pimps. For the workers' security, you could hire actual guards, who aren't pimps. I disagree with busting prostitutes, but you don't need pimps or madames/pimpettes? There's no reason why the sex workers couldn't run things themselves without someone in charge of them.
Canada had all prostitution laws which were fairly loose, knocked down by their Supreme Court a couple of years ago as being unfair to the human rights of prostitutes. For a brief period then all prostitution and related activities were legal. The government was instructed to draw up a new set of laws. Which it did, following the Swedish model. This and put in place a much more strict regime with higher penalties and more restrictions for everyone except the prostitute. Basically, what they did was the equivalent of saying:1. it's legal to make booze2. it's legal to sell booze3. it's illegal to talk to anyone about acquiring booze4. it's illegal to advertise booze for sale5. it's illegal to buy booze6. it's illegal to drink booze7. it's illegal to assist someone in selling booze or in buying booze
That girl you paid for may not have been too familiar with the legality of what she was doing
A pimp can provide clientele and also protection. It's not a bad concept. 
here's the thing though, the way the Swedish model works, since the prostitutes are never charged with anything there is nobody to take things to court to try to get it thrown out.Johns plead guilty and take slaps on the wrists in order to get closure and get their names/photos out of the newspaper. Look at this article above, the clear message is: if you see a prostitute, we're going to put your picture on the internet as a human trafficker / sex trafficker / abuser of women and we're going to say we rescued women from your abuse. People caught like that are not going to spend 5 years to bring something to the Supreme Court. They are going to fucking duck and cover and get themselves out of harms' way as fast as possible. The sex workers are the ones who get screwed in this, as their customers are scared off, and they have no way of fighting this in court since they are not charged with anything. It is the sex workers who challenge this stuff and bring it through the courts that get overly restrictive laws overturned.So this kind of system works and does exactly what the government wants. It gets rid of prostitution, deprives these women of freedom and choice while all the time saying it's all in their interests and that the government is their friend. Even while they say please don't do this. There have always been victims and the police have relied on good people involved in this stuff to report it. Whether that is a client, an escort agency, or a prostitute, reporting someone being exploited or someone being an offender of some sort. Police officers will look the other way and let some things go on while they go after the really evil sons of bitches. But this system now going after the clients so harshly will drive the good clients away. That will leave the druggies, the abusers, the freaks, as the only clients for sex workers. And the goal then is to drive women away from sex work. 
It's at least a better middle ground. Because before, women who got trafficked in and abused would then get charged with the full force of the law, and frankly thats bullshit. 
Modern leftist liberals can't accept prostitution because it legitimizes the idea that some people have more sexual value than others. It undermines the idea that we're all equal, largely by making it undeniable that youth and attractiveness matter. And feminists focused on shifting power to women see prostitution as undermining the ability of women generally to act as sexual gatekeepers.Sex trafficking and public health issues are largely advocated as public rationalizations for the true private reasons. We know this because both issues are very easy to address in a regime of legalized prostitution. 
Legalizing the whole thing means you could coerce a girl into being bought and she has no agency nonetheless. If a girl wants to sell herself, it's her right in theory. But to be bought makes it sound like the buyer has a right to purchase the woman or any woman. More importantly, legally it could come down to when he paid for you, were you selling yourself or did he just buy you?  That's a big difference. The latter is closer to human trafficking. 
As much as I miss him, I'm glad he's not here to see all the shit we're in now.  Though I would like to see his thoughts on this guy who currently lives in the White House for now.
Very much so. http://www.goodreads.com/quotes/1341459-political-correctness-is-america-s-newest-form-of-intolerance-and-itAnd that was before it got *really* crazy.
Yeah, but you'd probably miss the why. Carlin would have been willing to call PC culture a bunch of whiny liberals looking to be protected from the bullshit from the right, but he would admonish the left for not actually fighting it. If you look at all of his material, his biggest criticisms of the left are that they get hung up on very superficial shit (liberals just want a clean place to live), but he would by no means think conservatives are somehow in the right on the PC wars. He'd probably call out how they're sensitive about institutional racism and how the right have become slaves to evangelical Protestantism (and he'd have much harsher words to say than that).    The true danger of PC culture is that it wants to use morality and virtue signaling as a blunt instrument to get everyone in line. And while I'd consider myself on a similar area on the political spectrum, I think we're too easily trying to take the moral high ground and presuming victory before the battle is even fought.
Would you say you are offended by PC culture?
It has something to do with it, but there has always been heroin addiction.  I've been on the front lines of this particular crisis for awhile and the oxycontin phase didn't actually affect it that much.      It's been an epidemic in New York City and other port towns for like 80 years.  Pills hit the rural areas harder in the early 2000's, yes.  But your phrasing was pretty hyperbolic.      These days, doctors don't even give you a few vicodin if you actually have a totally fucked spine or similar condition, for fear of DEA revoking their license or worse.     Abuse prone opiates are under big time lockdown.      The heroin industry is doing about the same as always, but it's front page news these days.
Heroin is an opiate, but opiates are not all heroin. As for black market pills, **that's not legal drugs!** So yes, if you say *Look at this problem with these illegal drugs over here that I'm calling legal, see we still have the problems with them!* then you'll be able to easily say that it will still be a problem, but since I'm not saying to keep things illegal that's not an issue. But can you point me to the terrorism and cartels funded by illegal, but legally manufactured, opiates? Oh, wait. 
In which countries though?I would buy that if you included Thailand, but not so much in the Netherlands.
Welcome to 90% of Life.
Live in Cleveland and am gay. Got so much action during the rnc it was crazy. Thanks Iowa and Nebraska!
I mean I'd assume sex slaves are expensive so I'd assume the rich buy more than other people do. pedophilia, who knows.
Could be that power and money allows people to act out on things that normal people can want or think about but never do. 
We make it out all right 
$2000 what kind of sex is that?
>$300-$2000 an hour. I am in the wrong line of work.
General curiosity honestly. I'm nowhere near Vegas and don't plan on visiting anytime soon. 
because:Inter-dimensional pedophile vampires are snatching our kids and sucking their blood.
Because he has a seat in the White House Press confrence room. 
A lot of people actually think this way.More people believe angels actually exist though, so you shouldn't be all that surprised.
I don't know.
Because he's not being literal ? Maybe if you listened instead of just taking out of context quotes at face value you could make your own opinion ? He literally states I don't mean actual vampires and I don't believe in this but its what some paedophiles believe. 
Alex Jones is just funny to listen to, especially when high as fuck trolling Joe Rogan. 
Because almost everything he says is actually true. 
That's Jan.
Heh, you c stick noob!
Play to win!*proceeds to throw pikmin across the stage and roll for the next 5 minutes*
Found the John.
You're going to have the problem either way. You might as well make it so getting help is clearly within the letter of the law. You might as well make it so that protection, safe locations for activities, and all that jazz are also legal so that at least some of the working conditions will improve. I can't see how making it legal and adding regulations would make things worse.I mean, being realistic strip clubs are the same where I live. My father knows a guy who was encouraged to sell his strip club to a biker gang. And he most certainly did.
Human trafficking is a problem in countries where prostitution is illegal though... these things are far less likely to occur if the brothels were out in the open and regularly checked out by regulators that normally check that services meet a standard of safety, like a health inspector does for restaurants. One of the likely reasons these places do this now, is because once the cops are through the door, the gig is up anyways and they're already going to jail. 
The supreme court rejected that too because of the government's incompetence.
they could have just removed penalties for the sex workers and increased penalties for real human traffickers. But they didn't do that, that was not the goal. The goal was to erase prostitution as it was considered violence against women by a political demographic. They don't care about anything else other than that goal, this model is just a means to that end.
Yeah, people shouldn't be arrested just for being a prostitute. 
https://youtu.be/0twWuMAUqrQJust replace Bill with Trump and Dole with Hilary. Sums up 2016 perfectly.
lol, no. I just think anything that prioritizes feelings over an honest dialogue is moving in the wrong direction. 
>Heroin is an opiate, but opiates are not all heroin. lmao, ok, enough with the semantics. They are all insanely addictive opiates that cause terrible addiction.>As for black market pills, that's not legal drugs!No shit, if you legalize heroin and regulate it, there is still going to be a black market, there is still going to be addiction, there is still going to be prostitution, there is still going to be crime. Only difference is people won't be going to jail.>But can you point me to the terrorism and cartels funded by illegal, but legally manufactured, opiates? Oh, wait. Look up opium production in Afghanistan.
Sea urchin is innocent of this don't bring that down here.
I cant decide if you are joking or not, but choose to laugh anyway.
All right all right 
The one that leaves your bank account walking funny
I would assume as well as the kinkier the act, a 10/10 who turned 18 on her way to work that night is probably going to fetch a much higher price.
Celebrity? I know a few porn stars have commented they make several times as much money there, even with the ridiculous cut the house takes and prison like conditions inflicted by the state, than they do off porn.
You gotta understand that rate is extremely rare and only for very few girls. Most are around 800-1000 from what I can just read online. I'm sure there's some documentary out there that can give more accurate information
Go To r/sexworkers and se if it's for you.
I thought Nordic people, spelled it with an h no?
>You're going to have the problem either way. You might as well make it so getting help is clearly within the letter of the law. You might as well make it so that protection, safe locations for activities, and all that jazz are also legal so that at least some of the working conditions will improve. I can't see how making it legal and adding regulations would make things worse.I don't disagree with this. We just have to think about the underlying issues, what prompts people to engage in human trafficking, violence and exploitation in regards to the sex trade.
Do you really think human trafficking isn't a problem in countries like Australia, Germany or the Netherlands? Check this out: https://orgs.law.harvard.edu/lids/2014/06/12/does-legalized-prostitution-increase-human-trafficking/>Countries with legalized prostitution are associated with higher human trafficking inflows than countries where prostitution is prohibited. The scale effect of legalizing prostitution, i.e. expansion of the market, outweighs the substitution effect, where legal sex workers are favored over illegal workers. On average, countries with legalized prostitution report a greater incidence of human trafficking inflows.>The effect of legal prostitution on human trafficking inflows is stronger in high-income countries than middle-income countries. Because trafficking for the purpose of sexual exploitation requires that clients in a potential destination country have sufficient purchasing power, domestic supply acts as a constraint.
I don't know what they you're talking about, since these laws do vary by state.  I'd be careful assuming other people's goals though.  Often you just come off sounding like an ass.
Totally serious. I have pics!
so...you are saying my fat hairy ass would at most fetch like minimum wage?
Not always, there's Jan and there is Johan for example.  Jahn sounds more Dutch, maybe.
In general, organized crime like to get involved in taboo/not much talked about activities. It's easier to manipulate a system no one wants to talk about publicly, very much a Cosa Nostra type of thing. Less people talk, the easier it is to avoid detection. That's why biker gangs run all the strip clubs in my town. My father knew a guy who was encouraged to sell his club to a biker gang, and he did. Y'know I hate to say it, but it's probably a supply/demand thing. No matter what the rules are, it's likely to remain taboo to become a seller in that market. That pushes down the supply, but the demand still exists (much easier to hide visiting a prostitute than earning your primary income as one). Thing is, since organized crime are likely to be involved due to it being a taboo part of society, it's not too unlikely they'll stoop further and force-ably increase supply. Thing is, this remains true whether or not we legalize things. At least with legalization/regulation some attempts at transparency can be made to reduce the abuses that happen.
Where the fuck do you get that out of my message? Stick to the words I've written. It's illegality doesn't stop the problem as it exists in virtually every country on the planet. Blaming it on prostitution is just fucking stupid. There's also the whole fact you can't just take two stats, throw them together and say they correlate. 
I would be more comfortable if you did not share them with me.However, if you have any of some family values GOP member I would happily pay for postage for you to mail them to any media outlet.
Post em
shhhh bby its ok
Someone is probably into it. Depends how much of the time selling you count for each act. 
[deleted]
Now we need to start a company that will deliver weed, pizza, and cake all at the same time.  
All my state did was cut education and make it okay to hate gays. 
Pretty sure we already had this when I was in College. At least there was a guy you could call and makes this happen....
Meanwhile in illegal states, people are still being locked up for selling a plant that is being delivered like Domino's pizza in legal states.
What a great time to be alive!  This is the freedom America should be focused on
I wanna talk to Samson!
What the fuck is up with the campground ban? I mean, no weed at the campground is about the most unoregonian thing you can get.  It's, like... like banning nudism and drum circles.... 
In other and completely unrelated news, taco bell is considering delivery service.
Im not so sure this is a new idea...
I've been getting home delivery in NYC for over 20 years!
Do they Deliver to Texas?
About time, walking the 10 minutes to the pot store is getting really tiresome. 
Do you tip the pot guy with a pizza
We've had it here in Sacramento for a while. It's awesome. Congrats, Oregon! Every time there's a delivery we celebrate by chanting WE LOVE THE FREE MARKET! GDP! GDP! It's a good time. 
Welp. Time for UberSmokes to exist right along side Uber and UberEats. 
I honestly think legal weed is on it's way out if Trump doesn't get impeached. I know it seems impossible, or seeemed impossible, but I think we'll be there soon. 
How was this not already a thing?
Eh, my dealer in college did home delivery
This has been a thing in California for a long time 
I hope Californias taking notes.
I've been getting delivery ever since I found out here in California. Hope you guys love it! 
Say it after me: Bo-De-Gas
Anybody in this thread from Seattle? Curious how you all view this, think of the whole phenomenon, what your friends think, etc. I'm considering investing in some MJ based stocks and ETFs.
theres a weed shop walking distance pretty much everywhere it seems. 
There were definitely a couple dispensaries that did this in Denver since legalization but perhaps they were doing it illegally.
This is not true.  That's been a staple of NYC forever.  
Shit, folks have been getting home delivery in NYC for 50 years!
Bill Hicks would be so proud.
Starts? I've had that shit for like 3 years in Cali... Some of even have apps for ordering and let you pay by credit card (iunno how, I thought they couldn't, but they are)
Already a thing in nor cali if you got script
Local news station posted this article on Facebook. Someone commented this is sick 
I live in Washington and we can't even grow weed unless it's for medical reasons. Need to move
I'd imagine these guys are gonna have trouble with getting robbed on route.
Yeah this has been going on in Colorado for years! Great business, I tip them really well. 
Why isn't home alcohol delivery a thing?
Hi, you called about your plumbing? Empty pipes?
Dave's not here....https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ACfNSqsi_mE
...yeah, and a couple bags of Fritos... no, make it four. Yeah. Bye.
Marijuanna buy?
Meanwhile in England.......................still meeting in dark alleyways.................Mugged............
Had dial a dealer for years... Just isn't legal here in Hobart Australia ;)
These delivery guys should get tipped with pizza 
Fuck the DEA and their lack of intelligence. Good for Oregon for getting your medicine. Also, fuck the DEA 
Never tried this in CA, although home delivery has been going on for some time.
Good, 40 something states to go....
oregon would be the prefect place if didn't rain every damn day and had lower taxes
That's the end of humanity as we know it. 
Theft is already rampant in Oregon. This is just chaos waiting to happen. 
Only pussies use a crutch. 
If cake can be made in the same oven, you got yourself a business partner!
Well, we already have UberEats. Maybe now we need UberSmokes. 
Okay, so uh, 6 grams of Buddha Bud. And dude, can you like stop at Pizza Hut? Yeah, one, no two large with everything. And ya know that party store on 2nd street? Balloons, man, and, and glitter. Lots of glitter. Thanks man. 
Or with like an hour delay between each
IIRC there is a restaurant in Colorado that applied for a licence to do weed and food parings. 
Are you in Oklahoma? 
Which of like 25  states would that be?
Hey me too! Plus I'm sandwiched in between two legal states, to boot. Live fuckin Free or Die! Well I don't feel very fucking free!
Sampson Simpson.
I dealt pot in college with a 5-10$ delivery fee (depending on how I felt), I called my business Instagram.
Well, yeah, but this is legal (at the state level at least... Who knows what Sessions will do). I will say, that was my immediate thought as well, though. I guess it kinda makes sense that the market is just basically legalizing the way it's always worked to some degree.
But would be deliver cake and pizza?
Wait and he'd being it *too you*?? For no extra charge?? 
Meanwhile in legal states, opiate prescriptions and deaths both dropped 25%
I like when politicians say no one is on jail for pot.Bitch you watch cops?
Oregon can now both vote and get weed from home. What a time to be alive. 
Actually, legalization would be a huge civil rights win. The war on drugs disproportionately affects POC. Even though statistics suggest usage rates are equal, enforcement targets minorities far more, something like 4x the convictions/arrests for blacks.
*Fly me to tha moooon like that biatch Alice Kramden*
The same reason we have a public ban on smoking pot.  It has a really strong smell that gets complaints.Additionally, most of our campgrounds are on federal land, where it's still prohibited anyway.
It's the soccer mom contingent hand-wringing
I'm pretty sure it's a odor issue, campground are tightly packed. 
Just head for the back country. Nobody is going to bother you out there. 
That is a rule that can be bent easily
> What the fuck is up with the campground ban?Obviously, they're protecting the bears from drug-addled tourists. What did you think?^/s
Most campgrounds are on federal land, same with ski areas.
They actually are though: http://www.usatoday.com/story/money/2015/07/08/taco-bell-to-test-delivery-california-texas/29832469/
I get my weed delivered in DC. I also order it on my phone. They have full delivery tracking and everything. Shows me where the delivery car is and how many deliveries he has before mine. (not medical)
Well, first in America - which makes it new lol
Rideloopr.com
I don't like Trump but Trump has said many times that he's not against legal pot and is leaving it up to state rights 
If you have a med card, you can get it delivered easily in SD. I assume that's the case in other cities as well. Check weed maps.
We have had it in CA for years...
Elaborate on your statement.
If you are talking about the delivery guys getting mugged, I was also worried about that. How much are these guys going to have on them at a time? $100? $200? 
And people with twisted ankles, don't forget about them. 
[deleted]
Why not both?  Lasagna delivery.
Fuck that. Ice cream cake. 
Baby, you got a stew going!
Pot clubs are legal in certain cities now, but the establishments can't serve alcohol, so it's possible but only at a restaurant which doesn't serve any beer or mixed drinks. 
No but my hour drive through the state made me hate the state. A toll to get onto the freeway and a toll to get off? Don't they know I don't carry cash.
Pita pit close enough? Think he did Pita pit. 
Well it was sort of a package deal. Pretty sure he worked at pita pit. 
It also helps that we are putting the MJ money to drug treatment and are generally getting better at treatment services. 
Meanwhile, at the legion of doom...
I was on jail once, now I'm in pot.
What politicians say that? That's one of the most blatantly false things you could say. I don't doubt someone has, but I've never heard one say it. 
The best state, I miss living there 
*its haaard bein black and gifted*
>The same reason we have a public ban on smoking pot.....something that was de-facto not the case *prior* to legalization.
Yes, but you still have to ask what kind of soccer mom thinks to themselves I want to move somewhere where no one smokes weed in a campground and comes up with Oregon, Washington, California... It's kind of like I hate gays and hippies, let's move to San Fransisco.
I live in California, that was two years ago and I never heard of it happening here. I would have too. I love taco bell.
Really? How?
Naw we've had this is California for years
I get all my weed delivered, it's not legal, but it's not new either. 
I had mine for Achilles tendonitis!
Pasta doesn't travel well. It either goes cold or downs in its own steam.. Or both... Depending on packaging...I will never order pasta delivery, been disappoint more times than not.  Althouh I have eaten 2 day old *lasange put into a toast sandwich... Who am I to judge.?*Edit: lasange
Kansas, then?
My governor wants to increase our gas & sales taxes so he can build more roads & install more toll booths while bumping the price up by another dollar and he's going to charge us all for tolls even if we don't use them. 
Hey that's a better toll system than Illinois Chicago area where its just tolls every 20 mins. If you only have cash you have to pull off to the 1-2 cash booths on a small exit. I've seen so many out of towners freak out not knowing it's coming and cut 4 lanes across to make the exit instead of just driving through and paying online later. 
Perhaps there's a joke I'm missing. If I did, I'll admit it went right over my head haha
If it's a big enough pot you can get a running start and slam into the wall, thus knocking it over. If not, sorry you are probably stuck
I take it you've never been to the suburbs of Portland, then.
Portland is surrounded by affluent suburbs bursting at the seams with ordinary upper-middle hetero family units. If you're driving into the city from the south, you can almost feel the exact moment you transition over into city outskirts just by the sudden drop in property quality.They're mostly the kind of well-meaning moderate liberals who voted for Obama in droves, so plenty of them are fine with legal weed but don't smoke it themselves and want to shield their kids from it. So, yeah, the no-smoking-in-public thing is for them, and also to discourage stoned driving, which the local government doesn't really differentiate from drunk driving.source: I work in Lake Oswego and scan groceries for all these yuppies
Could still be in the works. I dunno, just thought it was funny 
You need to live in DC obviously. There are a handful of businesses that do it. Weed is legal in DC, but it's not legal to buy or sell. However, you can gift it. So there are a bunch of businesses that operate by selling you something else and throwing in a free gift. There are supposedly some of the food and merchant carts on the national mall that operate under this same premise if you want to use cash, but I've never gone to them before. The one I use is run by a group who sells artwork with free gifts. You pay a big premium ($60 for 1/8) but the convenience is worth it to me.
Are you a cop? You know you gotta tell us if you're a cop!
California's market is actually far behind others, when it comes to practices and standards. They have the money, but no infrastructure or ability to regulate yet. It's not a good thing. You'll see your market tank and go up and down a few times before things make sense there. It won't be easy.
Haha I mean, technically it's been around for a long time if you count the weed version of the pony express. But you're right, I guess the only difference is that Oregon has legalized whereas California is nearly there. 
I love a good newborn on toast
Nope, but at least I know I'm not alone. I have never been to Kansas, not sure why I would. 
Instead of simply raising the gas tax, Oregon's governor wants to install GPS tracking devices in all our vehicles to collect a mileage tax. Private companies would collect the data and bill car owners. They promise not to track locations, ^except ^for ^audit, ^law ^enforcement, ^and ^partner ^marketing ^purposes.[I'm not kidding.](http://www.myorego.org)
Pita Pit does deliveries, He was out doing deliveries around town anyways. 
districtofc.com. Great service. Hope they continue the psychedelic president series. 
DC's big premium for 1/8 are the standard prices here in Alabama :(
No, they deliver if you have a prescription, this has been the case for years
Well it's legal just for medicinal purposes (which in California means if you ask a doctor you can have it). Here is a website my buddy uses.https://www.deliverygreens.com/
there was quick escalation! 
> not sure why I would.To look at the dirt. Seriously, they got some very so-so dirt. Lots of it. Nice and flat, you can see dirt for miles. I mean, if that's your kind of thing, Kansas is *sweet*.
True - now it's just for everybody 
Sounds better than Arizona. All the dirt and all the heat. I believe they also have an issue with crazy people there. What's Kansass ratio of dirt to crazy people?
There's a strange feeling you get when you know you're about to spend the entire day driving across Kansas...*again*. Because if you've once followed I-70 all the way across, it makes you shudder in the future. It's almost on a level with existential dread. *Fucking hell, I'm going to spend the whole day driving and absolutely nothing will change all day long. Endless flat vista of nothingness, where souls go to die.* But at the end of your drive, you've either got BBQ, or you've got Colorado.
Unless local municipalities bar mmj deliveries.
Out west dirt (and cattle) outnumber people by far. In the east, really depends on where you are. If you're up north you're probably near a ton of people with Lawrence, Topeka, and the KC Suburbs. Down south there's more people than west, but that's not hard to do when counties (there's 105 in the state, so they're pretty small) have <1000 people. 
Sounds horrible. Lived in Florida a couple times for short periods and could never get over the lack of hills, compared to where I'm from. I saw one actual hill there once, only to be informed it was, in fact, a trash mound. I've really only been along the coast though.
According to the Donald these people are un-American
Veterans being there is pretty much the only thing that might actually stop the Trump administration from just plowing through. It can't afford to lose the military
>Army veterans>Immediately shows a marine veteran.You have no idea how much this bugs me. Not all veterans are army veterans.
>Dan Luker, a 66-year-old veteran who visited Standing Rock in December and returned this month, said that for many who fought in Vietnam or the Middle East it was healing to help water protectors. For the first time since they enlisted all those years ago they've been given a chance to actually defend their countrymen, the reason they signed up in the first place. Sad how our soldiers have been shipped around the world fighting for business interests, coming home mentally and physically damaged and left wondering why they went in the first place.    
This is the place I've been worried about.  This situation has the potential to become a national tragedy.  I hope to fuck it doesn't.
This is just another batch of misinformed people. All the tribes but 1 agreed to the pipeline project. The one tribe that is protesting never made it to the meetings that Energy Transfer set up, which there were something like 300+ over 2 years. Energy Transfer went around that tribe's land. That tribe is only protesting because they missed out on the payday. Energy Transfer has been very patient with the tribe. Enough is enough. The tribe elders are very unorganized. Not ET's fault. Just because the people protesting are military doesn't give any more validation to the tribe's mess up. Military members are people, just like you and me. This reminds me of a story a few years back where a military guy lost his home because he couldn't pay and started protesting against the bank. Ok, you served the country. Thank you. That doesn't make you instantly good at finances though. Your faulty financial planning and being military does not have anything to do with each other.
Veterans doing shit, doesn't validate the protest. (Source: I am a veteran)
I hate to say this but I am on the pro-pipeline side in this.I have read the reports, I looked at how the negotiations looked and I checked the economics of the thing.All things considered it is not as bad as some make it out to be, frankly I would be more concerned about Trumps cabinet picks and some of the legislation in the Congress than about this.But I'm not american so it's not exactly my business.
I'd love to hear from people who are pro-DAPL. Still trying to learn everything I can about it, but it's rare to see a media source talking positively about it. Why should the DAPL exist? Is the negative reaction to it overblown? Genuinely trying my best to become educated about it. 
Before you decide to help this action, remember that the organizer stole a little over a million dollars the last times the vets came.  #wheresthemoneywes
Are these people still protesting? It doesn't run through Native territory anymore and it avoids the aquifer.Stop being opposed to good things ffs.
Maybe they should return and pick up all the trash they left behind. What's the environmental impact of 300 dump trucks full of trash being hauled 40 miles away? I'm sure this will be down voted in to oblivion, but the facts are the facts. 
I'm a vet. I'm taking a dump right now.Whats that?  Vets only matter when you can use them as a political bargaining chip?  No wonder so many vets are homeless and in need of medical care and no one gives a shit. Thanks for this. 
Well-intentioned uninformed people will be the death of us.
Attention the rest of America.  As an American living one mile from the pipeline, we want this.  The trucks are doing more damage to the water and land.  Stop coming in and destroying our land for some lies that you were told.  
You guys don't own the veterans. Nobody does but for the sake of humor statistically most veterans lean right. 
I'd really like to see a decent proposed alternative to the pipeline. Trains are proving to be increasingly unsafe to transport oil with, due to the increased number and size of them because of the North American oil boom. Trucks are dangerous and extremely inefficient.I know most of these protesters want alternative energy solutions, and I do too. But those aren't here yet. We're stuck with fossil fuels for now, so shouldn't our goal be to transport those fossil fuels using the best methods available to us?
I wonder how many people forgot this started under obama? Obama's cancelling the pipeline shortly before his exit from office was genius because *he knew* trump would start it right back up again and everyone would blame trump for it. 
I live here.   This is fake news. The instigators are out of state whackos.  Police have shown immense restraint. Threats to burn down their homes. To attack their families. Protestors even followed them home in an act to terrorize. They've blocked roads, even when ambulances needed to pass.  This IS un-American and The Guardian is passing on fake news and lies.  You want the facts and not bias media reports?  Make a trip up here and look.
Yeah. Let's protest the pipeline that's going [right next to the other pipelines already there.](https://daplpipelinefacts.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/12/Dakota-Access-Pipeline-Private-Land-Map-1-1024x844.jpg) Idiots.
Yet another fantastical article from the eponymous guardian. Reads like the progressive ramblings of a well intentioned 13 year old. With just enough positivity and rhetoric to bring a tear to Al baghdadi's eye.Encouraging this level of escalation will only end in tragedy. Luckily we all love a feels before reals storytime in our local rag. We can't all be glorious centrists like me. Some of us have to be crazy lefties and righties. We should all just troll each other on Reddit. That'll change the world into my glorious vision. Just you wait and see. This is the failing guardian that is currently paying Chinese bots for page views to defraud their advertisers and investors. The Ponzi scheme will collapse. I can't wait to see it. 
This entire story is full of BS.  The native tribe protesting WANTED the pipeline to go through their lands and be paid $$$ for compensation.  They are angry that another tribe got the contract for the pipeline.  There are no private land protesters because they are all in contracts to be compensated as well.  The media is suckering you in to this story as a way to distract you from other real problems.
Are they going to leave more mountains of trash and lakes of shit? Because that's all the protestors accomplished last time.
I've never heard an argument against the pipeline that is valid.It ISN'T on native land.The water source is being moved this year. And there has been a pipeline in the exact same spot since the 80s (no spills or leaks)... if their concern is a pipeline crossing over that part of the river why don't they fight to have the current one dug up?And on top of all that, pipeline is the safest way to transport oil. Technically on land is less likely to be detrimental to the environment BUT leads to more loss of life. So pick your poison I guess.. people or environment. The only argument against it I can get behind is that we should be moving to renewable energy sources but, unfortunately in this situation and fortunate in most others, government is SUPPOSED to be laissez faire in regards to free market capitalism anyway and trump stopped government bodies from interfering with that. 
I might be wrong but I read somewhere that all the tribes that would be effected by the pipeline had several months to oppose it and 9/10 tribes approved of it while the last had no response. Then after it was decided it would be constructed they started protesting... 
Maybe the protesters won't leave behind truck fulls of garbage this time...
Any picture of the 1,000 service members? First time hearing more than one. 
Pipelines are safer than rails which makes it much more safer and easily more cost effective. These pipes do not enter the Standing Rock territory. These leftist demonstrations is the main reason why I don't support leftist ideals anymore. No common sense. Just like reddit, they read a headline and go with it without looking at the fucking evidence.[Same environmentalist protesters leaving $250,000 worth of trash behind. You've got to be kidding me](http://www.kfyrtv.com/content/news/Sanitation-crews-work-to-remove-massive-amounts-of-garbage-from-DAPL-protest-camp-before-spring-thaw-412954433.html) 
[The Dakota Access Pipeline is NOT on Sioux Standing Rock land and runs parallel to 8 other existing pipelines.](https://daplpipelinefacts.com/)
Perhaps it's time for the concerned to find a new cause.
You can [donate](http://www.nodapl.life) to support their legal fund, their camp or their medical program.
It is unclear how many vets will arrive at Standing RockSo, you made an article about nothing, hoping that your headline will both give the impression that there is a combined effort by vets to go to Standing Rock, and also at the same time try to get vets to come to standing rock.It's a propoganda piece...
This is beyond pathetic now.
Let's all remind ourselves that just because they are vets does not mean they are educated on the situation.
So, the police are building a pipeline??
Weve stood in the face of fire beforeSaid the female air force vet LOLOLOL  Edit for those compelled to send me nastygrams: I actually support the protesters at standing rock, what they're doing and what these vets are doing. What I DON'T support is automatically deciding vets are heroes and I fucking absolutely *despise* veterans like her who say shit like that to get some fucking attention. I AM a vet. With 3 combat deployments. I'm a combat arms soldier in the army. This woman has never stood in the face of fire. She's never fired a shot in anger. Chances are she's never been OCONUS or anywhere but a cush post in Qatar. With a swimming pool. And air conditioning. And delicious hot food. And showers. And even if she's been downrange, she's certainly never been outside the enormous T-walls and multilayered perimeter of whatever megafob she pushed paper at. There's no female JTACs or TACPs. Air Force EOD hardly ever did shit even during the surge. Fucking POGs. 
The Guardian is the biggest left-wing POS British newspaper. Why is its distorted articles always posted here on Reddit? Why is it the only source of American news? Because it's a slanted fake-news narrative that Reddit loves. 
Let's see how these protesters trash this place again 
I won't claim to understand the more subtle aspects of this situation, but on its face I'm incredibly proud of these men and women and I wish them all safety.
As as long as he picks up his trash unlike the liberal-art degree environmentalists that ended up trashing the place. 
I'm from North Dakota and I'd like to shed some light on this police brutality. I think it's very difficult to understand the context of what went on at standing rock.This protest took place just south of Bismarck, in an area that is not very populated. We are talking less than 1,000 people live in the general area. Very quickly 10,000 protesters showed up. The area was originally patrolled by one or two officers. In a very short period of time they had to find the staff to deal with a population that is 10 times the size.  The police force was never trained on how to deal with such large crowds, and they simply did not have the staff to deal with it. The state of North Dakota immediately asked for help from the federal government, however the feds denied this request. We were very frustrated with the feds decision not to come help us in this very tense time.The state of North Dakota deployed our deputies from around the state to deal with this. However none of these deputies has ever had experience or the training to deal with this sort of protest.I think the police could've definitely handled things a bit better. Had ND had help from the fed I believe things would've been better. However, I find it incredibly frustrating when the media portrays these harmless water protectors getting brutally beaten by the evil police force. Every major scuffle between the police force and the protester was caused by the protesters trying to get access to the drilling site. The protesters were cutting fences and burning vehicles in order to get access to the drilling site. Had they gotten access to the drilling site they would've burned everything! So sure it sucks when you see people getting hurt, but had they not tried to access the drilling site they would've never have escalated the situation.
The Army Core of Engineers has granted the variance. I'll trust the word of the foremost engineers in the nation over a few potheads looking for a handout and attention that try to throw pipebombs at police in their spare time. 
IMO, this isn't about the tribe or their water at all, its the fact that privatized military/police are the greatest threat to this country that we have, and they are being used to protect business interests of the govt for power/money. Its a crazy fascist notion they are putting on out there and its amazing that it doesn't scare the fuck out of everyone.That there is enough for me to be against it, but they are trying to support a dying industry, these pipelines do nothing but put us back in time. Its a dangerous and unwise decision, potential for EVEN MORE oil to be spilled unnecessarily close to water resevoirs, whether the tribe made it to the meetings or not they don't deserve to have their land destroyed. Every dollar wasted in the oil/coal industries is a dollar that could have been invested into solar/battery, the 4 billion for this pipeline could have accelerate our technology research substantially, instead it will delay us. But I guess I'm the only one that wants us to explore space.
Did they drive cars there that run on oil?
Maybe these people should do something useful like help clean up the trash disaster these environmental warriors have created.
The Guardian is complete trash. They say Army veterans in the headline, yet the first caption of their story says A marine corps veteran. Marine Corps and Army are two different branches. Also Marine Corps is a proper noun, capitalize it please.
I get annoyed when people claim to have PTSD from things like being arrested or mildly inconvenienced.
Let's not forget that this all started under Obama. His actions to stop this pipeline and everything that went with it were minimal at best. 
Maybe they are just coming back to help pick up all the garbage the environmentalists left behind.
No they don't. The last time the vets were about they all got scammed. Love some fake news
We have vets so it justifies our violence against private property rights.Are we seeing a rise of an alt left?
The thing is that these Indians are extortionists.They are not the cute nature-loving simple people you learned about in school anymore. They take extreme advantage of the money they are offered by the government. The chief takes all he can. The people heat the houses by burning the cabinets and doors because they know that government will replace them every time. They live in lands that flood yearly so government provides an all-expenses paid basically vacation to the nearest city where they don't bring any more supplies than the clothes on their back.Every interview is a 23 year old Indian looking 43, pointing to an empty field with a dart in his hand saying, Dat's all sacred land dere eh. He doesn't care about sacred land. He has power to block the pipeline until they cut him a cheque.
Real Americans have minor foot injuries that prevent them from answering their nation's call to service. 
Just like John McCain is a pussy for getting captured. Real soldiers don't get captured! They pretend to have bone spurs to avoid being captured in the first place! 
I'm one of these people. I can say (after my service) that I would still lay down my life for any American or any human of any race, color, or gender. Fuck trump 
According to Donald, [this person](https://cdn.theatlantic.com/assets/media/img/photo/2017/02/50-years-ago-a-look-back-at-1967/n13_51344758/main_1200.jpg?1486748491) is a loser. (John McCain in a North Vietnamese hospital after being shot down over Hanoi, having been beaten by his captors and bayoneted in the groin.)Edit:  Yes, he's often been a feckless sop to cash in his current political career - not the point.
I can't think of a more patriotic action then peacefully standing in the way of a tyranny and forcing the authorities to move you.  
According to environmentalists they're protectors of water. According to other service members they're dirty hippies we hated while in. According to Mongolians they're who are you talking about now?' Everyone has opinions about something mate, even if you're a veteran of the US military. 
I mean, even Standing Rock told the protestors to go home. Protesting in ND has become a hassle and liability for them, especially when the snow melts and the camp becomes a flood risk
I can't stand these fucking headlines. It's implicit that because they are vets their cause is just or should be given extra consideration. It's not as if being a vet makes you more insightful than being an ex-plumber or anything else.
You might think all people who have ever worked in the military are beyond reproach, but you're an idiot if you do.
Why? *As far as this is concerned*,  being a vet doesn't mean a damned thing.-- A vet Edit: italics for the slower people
The Military is not a monolith. They aren't going to lose the military because 0.0047% (being generous) out of 21 million veterans showed up to Standing Rock. 
Without getting partisan on this - most people in the military would not hold these guys in high esteem.  The US military has over a million people in it.  It's a *very* diverse crowd, but in general it leans not just conservative, but specifically Republican.And something that those mostly-Republican veterans and service members really hate is people waving the Veterans for Whatever label for left-wing causes.I'm pretty moderate and I can't stand seeing Veterans for (anything).  It encourages the use of us as political pawns.
Currently serving. We are a large swathe of the country. Some suck, some are great, but most are just normal dudes. 
1000 vets. They dont represent the majority of veterans
From ND. I had a few friends go out and document the garbage left behind this past week.  Edit: which btw brought tears to their eyes and turned them from pro-protesters to standing there jaw on floor feeling waves of shame (as one put it). It's all over and these soldiers are bringing a band aid to a sucking chest wound. Especially if it's a dozen or so vets showing up in their Hondas. 
The administration doesnt need to do anything, the pipeline doesnt go through their land and there is no reason for anyone to go on their land.  They can form veteran lines all they want on the reservation and they wont have to interact with the police at all.
Vet here. Pepper spray him and arrest him for trespassing. 
> It can't afford to lose the militaryHe's already shit on vets and the military a few times and the military supporters of his that I know don't give a shit
Some veterans are veterinarians.
Army = Military in layman's terms usually. So it's probably a mistake of the author using them synonymously.
Can we for just a moment enjoy the fact that his name is Jack Pogue... 
They definitely should have said military veterans.
>Not all veterans are army veterans.Not all veterans are **A**rmy veterans.
Army is used to describe any millitary unit in the average persons English. 
Army, Marines, Air Force, Navy, all the same really... you basically just hold down B until the grenadine charges then run in. Doesn't matter which class. 
I've begun to harbor suspicions that the American people as a whole are starting to become arrogant for this very reason:We have never been invaded by a foreign military.We are accustomed to sending our military overseas, calling ourselves the leader of the free world and the most powerful military on the planet but homegrown American citizen has ever really experienced what it's like when someone comes to your country with soldiers and make you worry every day if you're going to be next. We've done it to ourselves with a civil war, we've done it to the indigenous people who used to live in this country, but the only time anyone came close to putting a soldier's boot on the ground of American soil was when the Japanese bombed a naval base 3000 miles off the coast of mainland America in WWII. And I think that this is very important psychologically. Just about every single other country and place on the planet has histories of war and power struggles. Generations of people have been sobered by war in counties like France and Britain. But Americans don't know how good they have it and what it *really* means to defend your country. Patriotism is never as important as when the enemy has already kicked down your front door.edit: I should point out as well that I feel this way about things and at the same time I think I grew up in a place that's as close as it gets to being in a war-torn part of America. I grew up in Hawaii so my family members and the stories we tell talk about Pearl Harbor and geographically being the closest American state to the front lines of WWII. The discrimination, the food rations, the internment camps, and this was just a taste that we never got past in a state that to this day has less than 1.5 million inhabitants. And it shows. To this day, we have a great love of SPAM that was born from it being the wartime rations delivered to the island. We consume more of it than any other place in the United States because we were the only ones who had to learn to live with it. And even that, we've managed to turn into a good thing over the decades. But if the worst that the American people have experienced when it comes to war are stories of discrimination against the American-Japanese in Hawaii and the birth of a love of canned food, what does that say about us and our experience with knowing what it means to be invaded?edit 2: to everyone who can't read other comments and continue to cite the War of 1812 and the Aleutian Islands campaign, any fighting on American soil during the War of 1812 was a counter attack to *our* original declaration of war against the British and *our* attempt to annex British territories in Canada. It was a natural counter response to gain ground on our side of the map in an attempt to make sure we wouldn't do it again. At no point was there danger that America would be conquered by the British and thus does not qualify for the kind of invasions I am talking about, such as the Germans invading the rest of Europe in WWII. On another note, even if this does qualify to us, this was a conflict so small that the British don't even consider it to be a war in its own right, only a footnote of the Napoleonic wars, which should tell you how little experience we have with getting invaded in any form. And the Aleutian Islands was a territory off the coast of Alaska, once again having no resemblance to foreign soldiers landing on the actual mainland of our country, putting our every day civilians in danger. That is as much an invasion of the US as the Japanese attacking the Philippines where we had men stationed. In either of these cases, what percentage of the American population do you think feared for their personal safety on a daily basis? How many do you think had to consider running away from their homes they've lived their whole lives in for their own safety? How many do you think starved or lived on meager rations that satisfied neither hunger nor nutritional needs? How many non combatants do you think were killed by foreign soldiers? Because this is what I'm getting at. No homegrown American has ever experienced this in this country ever before, while every single other country in the world has dealt with this in both ancient and modern times.
I don't think that is fair to the majority of veterans who are proud of their service abroad.
Ya, don't talk about how I feel about my service like you have any clue. 
It already is a national tragedy
Dont worry, Janet Reno hasn't been AG for almost 20 years.
Tin soldiers and Trump are coming...
>The one tribe that is protesting never made it to the meetings that Energy Transfer set up, which there were something like 300+ over 2 years.Do you have a source for this? A meeting about once every 2 days seems quite excessive and not likely.
Good that you don't care. I live close to where a pipeline leaked a few years ago.  Until I saw the disaster that was I didn't care either.  Now I do.  No more pipelines.
> Not our fault? So you work for one of the companies involved in the DAPL?
I'd be happier if they volunteerd to help clean up [the huge](http://www.kfyrtv.com/content/news/Sanitation-crews-work-to-remove-massive-amounts-of-garbage-from-DAPL-protest-camp-before-spring-thaw-412954433.html) mess the protesters have left.
But it's a bypass, you've got to build bypasses!
Where are you getting your information? The pipeline is traveling directly under the missouri river which feeds into Lake Oahe. There is no evidence that the Sioux tribe did'nt attend the meetings with Army core of engineers. In fact there is evidence that supports that the Sioux tribe along with others requested a [hearing](http://rabbitsliketrumpets.typepad.com/gov.uscourts.dcd.180660.6.0.pdf) Im not saying i know that the protesters are right and the oil company is wrong. But to me it looks like some shady business practices are going down, which considering its an oil company is'nt that surpriseing. [Snopes](http://www.snopes.com/2016/11/28/what-those-dakota-access-pipeline-protesters-dont-tell-you/) has a pretty good article althought its a little old. But if you have sources for your claims i'd be happy to ready them.E: Changed Mississippi to Missouri
[removed]
Yep. Sick of seeing this non-issue get so much airtime. It's nothing but people who want to feel special for helping out those poor defenseless native Americans being preyed on with no chance to fight back! Except they had a chance, didn't take it, and the people preying on them spent two years making sure absolutely everything was done correctly and with all parties involved agreeing to terms. These people are not an involved party. 
Just the same as US soldiers doing shit doesn't validate the war?
ITT: Civvies screaming But the vets! and the vets saying So fucking what?rollin
And I hate when they use titles that make it seem like ALL veterans are on board against this. I haven't heard shit at the VFW, VA, or meetings about the Dakota Pipeline. But it gets more feels if it seems like all veterans are there. Heh. 
There's certainly truth in that. One that I would like to agree with, albeit that's not how the real world works.Unfortunately, the reality is that social usage of veterans can play a vital role in certain regards.Example: When Trump continued to publicly bring out veterans during his campaign, even though he clearly could care less. The amount of my veteran (and still in) friends who were sold just based off stuff like that was troubling.Whether those vets at the pipeline are misguided numbskulls or not, by simply being there they are now another asset for the cause--even if it's just to make headlines.I also enjoy the irony of you insinuating it doesn't matter if people are vets or not in this event, then stating that you're a veteran to  strengthen your own argument.(Source: I'm a veteran, too)
They also listed 3 vets, and & *maybe* more are coming. It is a sensationalized non-story. 
The truth is that the protesting natives are angry because another tribe got the deal that they wanted.  It is all about money to them and has nothing to do with conservation.
I agree 100%, there are about 50 pipelines going through that area already. 
Its not bad to be pro pipeline. Its the safest way to transport the oil. Tonnes of Canadians changed our minds after Lac Megantic. Plus its not as though we wave a wand and get rid of oil requisites.
Am American. Glad the media hasn't brainwashed you too.
Nope, the rational progressive thing to do in this situation is stick your fingers in your ears while screaming fuck trump at the top of your lungs for the next 4 years until you get a chance to get what you want.
The oil is already being pumped and moved, currently by rail and truck. The carbon footprint is much larger, based on the fuel needed to move it.  Pipeline is a cleaner, safer was of moving it. It crosses the Missouri River, twice, one of which is being protested, due to the fact that the Standing Rock tribe gets their water from the Missouri River.  Their new water intake and treatment plant, built independently of the pipeline, is 70 miles downstream from the crossing at Lake Oahe. The pipeline is bried under the Missouri at a minimum depth of 92 feet below the river BOTTOM. It's also American built steel, and extra thick pipe than what is normally used, as mandated by the USACOE.  There are monitors and valves on both sides of the crossing. If it's detected that more oil is going in one side than coming out the other side, the flow can be shut down.  Even if the pipe were to leak in this (relatively) small area of the entire pipe, it would have to travel at least 92 feet up (against gravity) to get to the river, and then another 70 miles downstream, to get into drinking water.The pipe does not cross the reservation. It comes close, and the tribe has said that the lands it crosses are sacred burial grounds, despite another pipeline already parallel to this route (meaning the area was dug before), and no remains have been found.The pipe ~~was originally supposed to go~~ had an alternate route proposed during early planning stages closer to Bismarck. It was rerouted to make it shorter, keep it farther away from houses, and minimalize environmental impact. Some people think the sole reason this was done was so if it spills, it'll affect the Sioux instead of the white man.No one wants the pipe to leak. No one wants to poison anyone. Whether you support the pipeline or oppose it, these are all facts.The disputed parts are: whether or not the grounds are sacred, whether or not the tribe was invited to meetings or failed to attend, whether or not the tribe was offered money and was greedy and wanted more.The reality is, we need oil. I think everyone can agree that renewable energy sources cannot sustain our current demand yet, not just as a nation but as a planet. In addition, oil is used for more than just car fuel (plastics, clothes, et cetra). We can't just wave a wand and stop all oil needs.  We're decades away from that.EDIT: made a few edits to clarify things and reword them based on suggestions.  I'm no expert, just going off things I've read. 
It's the safest way to transport oil. If the oil doesn't go through the pipe then it will go on trains. The oil will still be used regardless. The negative reaction is probably the most overblown reaction I've ever seen. The water will be fine. Their drinking water intake is being moved 75 miles away from the crossing so a spill won't effect it. Also there's an incredibly small chance (basically no chance) that this pipe will leak at that river crossing. There's really no good reason to protest it.
http://www.cnn.com/2016/10/29/us/dakota-pipeline-standing-rock-sioux/http://www.npr.org/2016/11/02/500331158/north-dakota-commissioner-standing-rock-souix-sat-out-the-state-processThe pipeline will be more than 100 feet below the river, encased in concrete, and since the tribe's water source has moved to a new location (paid for by the govt, and planned long ago) the crossing is now 70 miles away.
The pipeline will transport oil from North Dakota to refineries in Illinois. The pipeline itself is the safest and most efficient way to transport oil. According to daplpipelinefacts.org, it will eliminate up to 500-740 rail cars and/or 250+ trucks needed to transport crude oil each day. This is valuable because transporting oil can be very dangerous by rail or truck. For example, a rail derailment in Quebec spilled 1.2 million gallons of oil, killed 46 people and decimated a town. Source: https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lac-M%C3%A9gantic_rail_disasterIs the negative reaction to it overblown? Yes. The pipeline does not cross the Native American land. In fact, it will run alongside existing pipelines. The tribe that is complaining was uncooperative with the companies planning the pipeline. Their fresh water source will not be in danger as there are already existing pipelines which have not affected their water. Also, the chances of contamination of their water is very low, as the pipeline goes underground below the water and the chances of the pipeline bursting in that small area is very low.Pipelines are not perfect or completely safe, but they are better than the alternatives. The pipeline will increase our energy independence, help our economy, and make us safer.
>Why should the DAPL exist?Because the people building it bought all the rights necessary to do it, and have a plan in compliance with our laws. At some point, that's really it. They bought the land, or the appropriate easement rights, they have the permit, so they're doing it.Why should X exist is not the right question to ask of people in a free society. The function of property rights is to remove such questions from the public sphere so that firms don't have to run the gauntlet of buying off this or that interest group to engage in development. The firm has no obligation to justify its own existence to the rest of us provided it is acting within the laws and regulations we apply to all such activities.The right question to ask is should we intervene? There are times for state intervention. This is probably not one of them. The pipeline made it through the approval process and secured all the relevant rights through negotiations with local groups, which the objecting tribe didn't even show up to. Their key objection is the risk of water contamination in the event the pipeline leaks, an unlikely event, and one that will be even less relevant after their water intake is scheduled to be relocated. There's also a minor secondary objection that the lands being developed are of some ancestral importance to them, but that could be said of just about any land, and they don't have any legal claim to it.
I actually don't see the reason to be against it other than being against oil in general. It's the safest way to transport oil, it's right next to several other pipelines that also went under the river, and the oil is going to be used regardless--we're not all driving electric cars. I'm all for environmentalism, and this is quite practical. It's also not touching their land at all.
 STANDING ROCK SIOUX TRIBE v. UNITED STATES ARMY CORPS OF ENGINEERS, No. 1:2016cv01534 - Document 39 (D.D.C. 2016)  http://law.justia.com/cases/federal/district-courts/district-of-columbia/dcdce/1:2016cv01534/180660/39/
Wasn't he staying in a hotel while the rest of the vets froze their asses off in tents too?
Is there any evidence for this?ETA: I mean actual receipts/documents, not just right wing bloggers smearing him
> It doesn't run through Native territory anymoreIt never did. Holy shit, if people still don't get this, then this has got to be one of the largest, most successful, misinformation campaigns to date.
The protesters show up to help the tribe, then trash the place and leave, forcing the tribe to pay to clean the mess. That's a microcosm of what the protesters were protesting!
They already have been and currently are As the saying goes; the road to hell is paved with good intentions 
Doesn't mean the veterans protesting are left, plenty of people who lean right have protested & criticized Trump already.
>most veterans lean right.How about not polarizing us. Service members, both current and former, will always fight for what we feel is right, regardless of political position. We come from all walks of life, so bunching us into any group is the wrong answer. In fact, that's all I see on any type of social media is political polarization of people. It's driving an axe in society, and if we want to defend this great nation from tyranny, we need to quit, and unite against our corrupt government. /End rant
It doesn't matter how you lean; people are doing what they feel is the correct thing to do
Where do you get that statistic from? I'm an active duty air force officer, I lean left and most of the people I know at my squadron lean left and didn't vote for Trump.
The whole oil sucks but we still use it so let's be safe about it argument is quite appealing, and throwing oil on trains and trucks seems much more dangerous than a pipeline built to these specifications. However, I do want to see some side by side data of spill rates from rail/truck transport vs. pipelines. It seems pipelines may spill in more vulnerable areas than trucks or trains that are already going through (presumably) higher traffic locations.
Unfortunate that your post is going to get buried under a mountain of fedora-adorned reddit shitposts.
I love a good tin foil hat job that masks themselves with the notion that they are somehow in the middle.
Do you have a source on that?
I never heard that they wanted the pipe originally and are now upset they are not getting money. Do you have a link?Edit: still waiting...
didn't the chairman of the tribe ask people not to return after the last time they turned it into a trash heap and a good portion of North dakotas indian affairs budget was spent cleaning the place up?what is it with wannabe hippies and refuse?
It is actually strange that they said only about 1,000 showed up in December since the organizers claimed over 4,000 people showed up and that was where that $1.2 million dollars went that they crowdfunded.
You do know they don't listen to anything against their narrative right? Don't get in the way of their Virtue signaling. 
Have you seen the huge piles of trash the water protectors left behind at camp for someone else to clean? They  are a bunch of hypocrites and your wasting your money donating to them. 
I know. You'd think they would have given up on the pipeline by now!
Said the fatty behind his screen.
lol do you think solar power/battery components grow on trees? Oil/petroleum/chemical products are necessary for those. 
Better start with the white house, that place is filled with shit right now. 
Just go to the SRST and look how well they take care of their people with the millions of dollars they have been given.  It is a fucking disgrace how these tribes treat their own people.  Time to cut off indian welfare.
Real Americans spent the 70s dodging STD's, not humping a pack in a jungle or getting tortured in a POW camp. 
If he starts a war and tries to re-instate the draft, we should start a campaign of bone spur awareness. Suddenly millions of people have them and can't fight, oh well. 
I'm sorry but I can't blame ANYONE for dodging the Vietnam draft. If you were told to go fight in some hell hole of a country where death was almost certain you would dodge it too.  I know I would 
[removed]
Which foot though?
I like people who weren't captured, ok?
John McCain is a hero and beast for lasting through war, capture, and torture.Such a shame that he's lost the spine he had back then. He survived being a POW but doesn't have the guts to stand against his own party to oppose Trump. All he had to do was vote no on DeVos and she'd have been stopped but nope. He's all talk nowadays, completely unwilling to break rank for what he knows is right. How far he's fallen.  
McCain had no foresight. Sad!
Take notes folk. Real American 
I adore you, thank you, thank you!!!! I'd do the same, in my case thought I'd get beat up fairly quickly, I'm a wimp, but I'd give it hell! 
Too bad, that the same person supported Trumps choice of secretary of education, who intends to fuck millions of young people over their education. I have no pity for McCain. He chose money over integrity. As far as I'm concerned, he can go fuck himself. 
>As far as this is concerned, being a vet doesn't mean a damned thing.Didn't matter back in 32 either.https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bonus_Army
Seriously, we're not some mythic class of citizen who's opinions carry more magic weight. We're just regular people who worked for the government for a bit. The cops will go through that human shield when they're told to, no matter who makes it up. 
I agree-Medically retired vet, who pays out of pocket to see a private civilian doctor because the VA is a fucking joke.
As far as I am concerned being a vet does not make anyone special.-- A vet
I agree vets shouldn't be put on a pedestal, but the fact is it's political currency.  Protesters are often portrayed as vagrant hippies in the media in order to detract from their message.  That's a bit harder to do when it's a group of veterans.
What do you mean by that? Being a vet means everything in terms of selling the break up of a protest to the American people. For the same reason you shouldn't have a silly sign or dress like a hippy at a protest. Protests are about perception, to align those who aren't like you on your side. Nothing like cracking the skulls of a few veterans to achieve the aims of the protestors. 
bingo, none of us put ourselves on a pedestal, nor do i know anyone who does. its weird that there is some stereotype that republicans respect veterans too much to hurt their feelings or, you know, expect them to follow the law.besides the fact that most vets i know dont agree with that particular subset of vets...
Simple reason.  The right has consistently used the military as a rallying cry for everything.  They use veterans to force their agenda. If veterans and military personnel start to denounce Trump,  it could have huge effects on a portion of the population that buy into the propaganda. 
you get a cool license plate though
The point they are trying to make is if the police decide to go out of control, they'll be doing it against military veterans. Obviously a handful of veterans doesn't account for the entire military. Only an idiot would believe that. But you need to consider the kind of backlash a headline like, Police assault Army veterans at Standing Rock will generate.
Of course it's not a monolithic population almost none are, but military and veteran voters are extremely important to his chances in 2020 and injuring or killing vets on video will severely damage his chances.
The reason why it's notable when a group of veterans supports a supposedly liberal cause is precisely because the right elevates them above other citizens.Although I would argue the pipeline is not a left/right issue considering many on the right are concerned about eminent domain and the gov encroaching on public and private lands.
In reality if you polled all veterans in the nation they would be overwhelmingly in support of this pipeline.
Would it be hard to organize a cleanup? What kind of waste was your friends seeing? 
So they created an environmental catastrophe, while trying to prevent a potential environmental catastrophe? 
You have no idea how much this bugs entomologists.
Some vets are vests misspelled. 
Some veterans are vegetarian veterinarians.
It is, and it's a mistake that is easily forgiven of the laymen. A reporter, however, come on! 
> Army = Military in layman's terms usually.Which has absolutely ancient origins. It's always been the case. For far, far, far, far, far longer than the US has even existed. People in the military like to whine about the language people are speaking, pretty much.
this is no different than saying fords are spontaneously combusting! and then later it's revealed the issue is with nissan.... It's a huge difference and the writer should know better. 
His contract was originally a grunt contract. His drill instructors forced him to change it during boot camp because his ASVAB score was too high. 
Jake*. And he finds it comical as well. 
Or maybe just say veterans
What about all of the conflicts between the 18-19th century 
There have been stories of Pakistani children who learn to fear blue skies, because drones only fly when it's clear out. Americans really don't understand the psychological effects of living in a war-torn country. It's not just vets with PTSD, there are plenty of refugees with it too. 
I think there are Americans who know this. But try pointing it out to the general population, see how fast they scream the words: Un-patriotic, terrorist, home-grown terrorist, ungrateful, liberal snowflake. Then see how long it takes them to get to the old Try telling that to a veteran. Like people know but we're a minority and shut down so fast and aggressively, it's pitiful.Sorta like how people who actually understand the constitution try bringing up how making protesting illegal is unconstitutional but the real Americans endorse, if not straight up approve, it. 
Yeah as an outsider I've never understood how firebombing some random jungle in Vietnam or Korea or airstriking villages in the Middle East who's only line of defence is a herd of goats is protecting the American people's freedom. Unless it's their freedom to invade whoever they want and fuck their shit right up then leave it a thousand times worse off than when they got there with absolutely no repercussions whatsoever, in which case I do understand.
Me neither, they shouldn't have been used as thugs for business.  
What would they be proud of, exactly? All the nations we've fought in lately are destabilized with terrorists running rampant and none of them were even threats to the US beforehand.The WW2 veterans can certainly feel proud, but the rest of them either fought for nothing or ended up making things worse.
What are they proud of?  Working next to warlord drug kingpins in Afghanistan?  Destroying Iraq so Cheney and Bush and their dear friends in the Gulf theocracies could buy up properties and factories and business licenses at rock-bottom prices?  Being the excuse for corrupt defense contractors to charge American taxpayers $30 for a toothbrush, and for self-interested generals to make tens of millions of dollars through insider deals on fancy useless military hardware?  
Those vets were fighting against an enemy created by neocon globalists, there's really nothing to be proud of. 
There are just so many, people are losing the meaning. Like a word repeated too many times
Did people die ?
ELI5 Why she's blamed for Waco? Thanks!
Yeah, we have a new AG who has no problems with the KKK... except for their marijuana use. His words, not mine. 
http://www.npr.org/2016/11/02/500331158/north-dakota-commissioner-standing-rock-souix-sat-out-the-state-process MONTAGNE: You held - the North Dakota Public Service Commission held 30 hours of public hearings before the pipeline was approved. You didn't - in all these 30 hours, you didn't hear from members of the Standing Rock Sioux. But did you consult with them or attempt to get them to be part of these public hearings?FEDORCHAK: That is true. The Standing Rock tribe did not participate in our public hearings or, quite honestly, at any point throughout our 13-month review process. Here's the situation, though, we notified the tribes. We had a personal call go out to the tribes urging them to participate, and we had a hearing 45 minutes from Cannonball.
 STANDING ROCK SIOUX TRIBE v. UNITED STATES ARMY CORPS OF ENGINEERS, No. 1:2016cv01534 - Document 39 (D.D.C. 2016)  http://law.justia.com/cases/federal/district-courts/district-of-columbia/dcdce/1:2016cv01534/180660/39/
I'm on mobile but I'll try to get it on here by tonight. It came out in the documents that have been previously released.
So rail instead? A proven more dangerous way? Or have everyone stop enjoying the benefits of oil. 
You know pipelines are safer and more reliable than trucks or trains right?
Your lifestyle depends on oil in more ways than you could possibly imagine (hint: it's not just for fuel). The oil WILL be transported one way or another and it turns out pipelines are the safest and most efficient way to do that. Would you prefer thousands of tanker trucks constantly going back and forth? Or maybe trains? Both of these options are more dangerous and pollute the environment many times more than a few pumps along the pipleline. 
Do you know what the alternative is? Rail. Do you know how much [more dangerous it is](http://www.financialpost.com/m/wp/news/energy/blog.html?b=business.financialpost.com/news/energy/pipelines-much-safer-than-shipping-oil-by-rail-fraser-institute-study-says&__lsa=8054-6e54) to transport oil by rail vs a pipeline? Edit: I'm having trouble finding any article on the comparative safety of any method of transportation that doesn't use the Frasier Institute study, which was called into question by another redditor. Therefore, I'll leave [this] (http://www.forbes.com/sites/jamesconca/2014/04/26/pick-your-poison-for-crude-pipeline-rail-truck-or-boat/#1b780f345777) article by Forbes that seems to cover the various issues pretty well. 
And I've seen the absolute destruction caused by rail and trucks. Even if you don't factor in the increased emissions, traffic, noise, etc, you still have a distinct possibility of spills that are larger and harder to contain, or worse, literal explosions.
So you'd rather it be transferred via rail road, which leads to far more spills?Okay, you win.-_____________- 
Our, as in people on the other side of the protest, or people who don't agree with the protest.On a separate note, the company I work for does business with ET and I personally know one of the ET guys who is on this project. Personally, I don't care of the project happens or not. I don't get paid if it happens nor will I get any monetary gain from it. I just have heard the inside scoop a few times.
Our means energy users.
The tribe is cleaning up and paying for it as well. Media seems not to want to report on it though. 
Do you know how much damage it would cause if the bulldozer rolled right over you?
 The pipeline is traveling directly under the mississippi river which feeds into Lake Oahe.It does not go under the Mississippi river.  There is plenty of evidence they did not attend the meetings with the company.  look it up.
 STANDING ROCK SIOUX TRIBE v. UNITED STATES ARMY CORPS OF ENGINEERS, No. 1:2016cv01534 - Document 39 (D.D.C. 2016)  http://law.justia.com/cases/federal/district-courts/district-of-columbia/dcdce/1:2016cv01534/180660/39/
It doesn't cross the Mississippi.  But it crosses the Missouri. Twice. There's already a crossing up near Williston. There is plenty of evidence that the didn't attend meetings. Google Sioux didn't attend meetings, and read any of the results. [Like this](https://www.sayanythingblog.com/entry/tribe-protesting-dakota-access-pipeline-didnt-bother-show-regulatory-hearings/) and [this](http://www.npr.org/2016/11/02/500331158/north-dakota-commissioner-standing-rock-souix-sat-out-the-state-process).They did request a hearing, after the pipeline construction had started, but not during the two year planning phase.
Maybe just refute his argument instead. Get your data, and sources, and quotes, and engage. 
It's going to look a lot worse when they use riot tactics on veterans than it does on the 20 somethings that are already there. And it pumps moto straight into my veins, who knows, I might go join them!
Seriously, This is my point.. Throw out the word Veterans to get more clicks on your shitty story.. But as a Veteran, I don't remember getting a call from the King of veterans saying that this is what we are doing so it must be valid. 
I haven't heard this. Got any details or references? Which other tribe? What type of deal? Any statements backing it up by tribal leaders?
As we know the only way things get done in this country is by sitting idly by and waiting for your  next change to vote new people in to power.
Technically it's only 2 years until they can make a difference, but Democrats historically have extremely low turnout for the midterm elections.
This is how you articulate a debatable topic so someone, like me, who is opposed, can see actual, legitimate, factual arguments. Thank you.
This is an excellent write up. And pretty accurately sums up what I've been able to piece together. It saddens me this only has 47 likes and will probably get buried.
That's accurate based on my research as well.  Of the 1172 mile pipeline, only 1.25 miles remain - this bit under the river. There is a gas pipeline that already crosses at this point. 
Thank you for this clear post.My further questions are:What is the geology between where the pipe is to be buried and local aquifers/the water intake 70 miles downstream?What sort of disaster recovery plan is in place for this and the other pipelines currently in the area?What are the specs for the river transits of the existing pipelines?How old are the existing pipelines?How long is this pipeline expected to stay in service?It seems to me like these are the sorts of questions that should be discussed in the media, but they never are.  Instead we seem to get coverage of people's emotional reactions but very little in the way of the facts used to make decisions.
They were definitely invited to the meetings, but often chose not to attend .
> least 92 feet up (against gravity) to get to the river, and then another 70 miles downstream. Isn't the oil pressurized? Also things that get in rivers tend to go downstream. Also, what about the ground water in the vicinity of the pipeline? I agree with most of your points, but shit happens despite our best efforts to prevent it. It goes double when corners are cut as happened with the Enbridge pipeline near me that contaminated our rivers a few years ago. Edit: After a quick google search of Enbridge pipeline leak  it seems like the Kalamazoo River one wasn't the only time their pipelines have leaked. 
Ive been sitting around saying Yeah!!!! KILL THE PIPELINE but this moved my needle the other way and will read more about it. Thanks
Don't forget the pipeline is built 50 feet lower than required for extra insurance. And it's around 50 other pipelines. lol. 
Why not move the pipeline 75 miles the other direction? Just curious.
Finally, a voice of reason among all the bullshit.
There's no need to yell
Yep. Sure was. 
I thought the argument was that it ran upstream of a water source? And that they were afraid of pollution and contamination. 
There is a big difference between criticizing trump and protesting a pipeline.
Okay cool, but most military are conservative. 
Lmao quit your bullshit, 99 percent of everyone I was in military with was right leaning. Oh nvm he's an officer he think he represents the enlisted which makes up the majority of the military. Prolly an officer at finance.  Oh, and after reading your history you haven't even been in military for a year and acting like represent the military lol. Ok boot. 
I don't have time to look into it deeply right now, but up until the oil boom it was heavily in favor of trains. Between 1975 and 2012, only 800,000 gallons of oil were leaked by trains in the US. In the same time, millions and millions were leaked by pipelines.However, this is an extremely dangerous comparison because the oil transport pre-boom was an totally different animal. Two huge trains derailed in 2013, spilling a combined 1.5m gallons in the US. Another derailment in Canada spilled another 1.5m. In 2014, 60,000 gallons leaked from trains in transit, some into groundwater. (http://www.nbcnews.com/news/investigations/oil-train-spills-hit-record-level-2014-n293186)I'm not sure how the numbers work out for energy efficiency, but at the moment, ~~the trains delivering oil from Canada and North Dakota down to Louisiana deliver about 1m gallons per day~~ a single train from Canada or North Dakota down to Louisiana currently delivers about 1m gallons per day, while the pipeline will be delivering something like 35m gallons per day. So it would take 35~~x more~~ trains to deliver the same amount of oil in that time, all of which would pollute the air while in transit, and would be at risk of leaking or derailment. (Edit) Currently, roughly 6.5 trains make the trip per day. That means we'd need 5.4x more trains to ship the same amount of oil per each day as the Dakota Access Pipeline.I hope someone else will crunch the numbers more thoroughly. I'd love to have my mind changed on this.Edit: Misunderstood some numbers in an article. This should now be a little more accurate, but still very cursory.
I saw pictures of dozens, maybe hundreds. My issue is:An estimated 1,000 veterans traveled to Standing Rock in December where did that come from? 
My dad used to say try humping a 60 pound ruck through the jungle whenever I was acting like a pussy.
Real Americans spent the 80s importing women from Eastern Europe, hiding money in offshore accounts, and suing the NFL. 
To be fair, some of the people humping a pack in the jungle also were dodging STD's.
lol if he tries to start a draft Canada is gonna be the one who needs a wall
If he tries to re-instate the draft, we will be faced with the choice of going over there to fight for him, or staying home and fighting against him.  The majority of voters cast their votes for someone else.  He has no mandate for anything.
I wouldn't blame anyone for dodging the draft either. The part where he goes and makes fun of John McCain for getting captured and tortured for this country while he sat at home is where I draw the line
Yeah, but then he goes on to attack a gold star family and McCain for being captured, and say that dodging STDs was his own war. It's not the dodging, it's him.
Fair enough, but don't then go and talk shit about someone who did, like Trump did about McCain.
I'd respect him if he went about it differently like Ali or Sanders. Instead he makes an excuse. Why not just man up if you believe in something?
Death was almost certain... Slight exaggeration their. How about just go with, some people don't want to kill others for little reason beyond their government says so.
Not that I'm defending the Vietnam War, but 58,000 KIA or Mia out of 2.7 million troops isn't really certain death.  The casualty rate of approximately 10% is pretty scary though.
It's the fact he said he had bone spurs then played varsity sports in college. Pretty hypocritical 
As an outsider, that's one aspect of acceptability of government I never really understood. Things like socialised healthcare are considered  (by some) the government encroaching where it doesn't belong, yet that same government can draft men to fight and die against people they've never even met and that's somehow patriotic? 
I think it's not so much that he's a draft dodger, more the statements he has made about POWs, comparing his experience to 'basically being in the military', etc. All together comes off hilariously ignorant
It's more avoiding the draft, then talking shit about veterans, then also squelching on millions of dollars in donations he promised veterens associations for almost two years until he got caught and then he was like Ohhh, I just forgot to send them the check! Totally... 
True and I would also dodge, but you really can't be insulting the valor of POWs after avoiding the draft.... 
He was captured, nkay, BAD! Americans have a proud tradition of not getting captured, nkay, we're heeeeroes not cowards! Sad! You know it, I know it, John McCain knows it, everyone knows it! 
Sounds like something Zapp Brannigan would say.
I started doing some reading on McCain not too long ago, and I'm on mobile so hunting for the material is difficult, but it was referencing ways in which McCain was not very heroic. Do a couple of relevant google searches, a very renowned journalist did the workup, so it's not some crazy far-fetched conspiracy hit-piece.It will help make sense of why McCain seems like such a fucking pushover the past decade and a half.
Please do some research on McCain... The guy was a dumbass who OVER-AND-OVER put peoples lives in danger... Who was continually bailed out by his father... The guy was a shit-bag of a pilot until he was caught. 
thats just as bad as the others who are saying if you disagree with us you're not a real americanif you were born in america, or moved there and got citizenship, youre a real american.
He fights for the rights of every man?
He sold out long ago. He talks a big game, which is all anyone ever sees, then votes along with the rest of the corrupt assholes.
So what? Being a vet doesn't make your opinion any more valid than anyone elses, other than about going to war.
My family disagrees. I'm almost certain my in-laws would stop and fellate any service man or woman in secret.
Fox News circa 2000 - 2008 certainly seemed to treat vets as mythical beings of unquestionable inherent moral goodness which they could use as a tool to 'win' any argument with someone who disagreed with their rhetoric.
Everyone treats vets as if they're on another class though, if you're ever against a vet you somehow come off as a bad guy.
Given the culture of military worship that we seem to be cultivating, you pretty much *are* a class of mythic citizens.
You're a class of citizen that's apparently above native Americans.
It is funny how many right wingers suddenly remember how to have a civil conversation after I pull out my service card.  Like, you couldn't just respectfully disagree *before* I told you I was a veteran?
Maybe the vets see some parallels in the treatment of the Standing Rock Sioux and themselves. Seems like each have been promised things that the government hasn't delivered on.
What does that have to do with a pipeline? 
If you're paying out of pocket, then you haven't been paying attention. There's a card the VA gives you that allows you to use private doctors at the VAs expense. I use it because the nearest VA hospital is a bitch of drive. Never had an issue.
Objectively, no--it doesn't.In practice however, cops firehosing war veterans rustles a wider range of jimmies than cops firehosing a group of indigenous people and college student activists, which is why the veteran presence is beneficial.
idk about other states but veteran plates in NY are considered vanity plates and you have to pay out the ass to get them and there is literally no benefit to it other then the hope that a cop is more forgiving.
Have you heard of [the Bonus Army?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5mSSlqbbXh0)
what about all those homeless veterans everyone cares about? Oh...Dude these protestors aren't stopping shit. The pipe is done. 
Odds are a great number of the Police dispersing the crowds will be veterans as well. 
& yet the guy who said he likes [soldiers] who weren't captured was elected president. No self respecting conservative voted for that man.
Great so as long as it's not vets he's killing he's a shoe in for 2020.
No, no they wouldn't.  There would be a massive spread of opinions, with most being It doesn't affect me, so I just don't care.  I think the second most common opinion from the conversations I've had is They live there, so they probably have a reason to be upset.
The tribe already payed for a company to come help with the cleanup.  I believe the estimated cost was somewhere around $300k or so.  From the information I've seen they come in with some loaders, scoop up anything that is abandoned, and dump it in a large container.  The container is then taken elsewhere and emptied out for sorting. 
A field of littered garbage is wrong, but it can easily be cleaned up with minimal effort. Not a big deal.However, one bad oil spill can poison the land for generations to come, and is extremely  difficult to clean up.
Some entomologists are etymologists.
My thoughts exactly. Except for the fact that journalism standards no longer rise any higher than those of the blogosphere.
As a POG with a high ASVAB score, i see what you did there ;)I don't make excuses though, I wanted to enlist, I liked the contract option and I took it. POG life. I will say that my recruiters did recommend against infantry with the high asvab, but I'm a grown ass man, I didn't have to take a POG contract.
I've never served in the military, but I'm a veteran computer programmer and D&D player. 
Don't let facts get in the way of that dudes righteousness, man. 
I was about to bring up the War of 1812! When the White House was burned to the ground. But besides that, admittedly small conflict over 200 years ago, we've never been invaded, so I think the point stands.
What about them? Just about all of those conflicts were about trade agreements and small territory disputes. Not to mention almost none of the ones involving foreign powers happened on American soil. Nothing on the level of a full scale invasion. Nothing close to the Nazis saying, We're gonna bomb the bejesus out of your country. Nothing like Alexander the Great showing up on your doorstep with his army and saying, Your city is mine.Let me rephrase: has America ever been involved in a conflict that made them fear for their nation if they lost a single battle? Or a fear that the American people would directly suffer if they had losses on the front? Or if there even has ever been losses on an *American* geographic front since the foundation of the country?
Oh God. I can't imagine living in a world in which I fear the sky. Just goes to show doesn't it...
Combating ISIL and it's predecessor organizations? Overthrowing the Taliban? Preventing the Soviet Union from annexing Western Europe? Preventing the UAR forces from overrunning the Israeli state and committing a second Holocaust? Containing DPRK aggression in the Korean Peninsula? Countering Chinese aggression in SC sea? Providing humanitarian aid to Liberia and other West African states during the Ebola crisis?
with terrorists running rampant I think that they might tell you that fighting global terrorism is something of which to be proud. At least my best friend in EOD school in the NAVY would tell you that. Why does it matter if they save American lives versus foreign lives? If a veteran prevented one terrorist attack, one innocent death--he can be proud. I know you'll say that those troops cause more civilian collateral deaths than they save, and I can see that side of the argument too.
I don't think so but they used high pressured water cannons and I think more against protestors; many people have been seriously injured when it's just a peaceful protest for the most partEDIT: I was wrong, it's not that peaceful 
The problem was that David Koresh was willing to give himself up, and the hostage negotiators were making steady progress. Mainly by bringing in the Bible scholars that Koresh respected the most, who explained to him why his beliefs were not supported by scripture. He was stunned, and wanted time to write some changes to his manifesto, then he would surrender. They had reason to trust him a little at this point... So raiding the compound itself was probably not necessarry.Secondly, when they did the raid, for some insane reason they used FLAMMABLE tear gas. In an enclosed space. Where there was open flame because they killed the power. OF COURSE the place was going to turn into an inferno, and it did.Thirdly, in order to justify the tanks and riot police and a shit ton of other gear, the Feds lied to the Texas authorities and claimed there was a meth lab in the basement. Which of course did not exist.Then there was the cover up of all of the above... which made it worse.It should have been a standard hostage situation with a cult leader, but it turned into a huge clusterfuck.
So 300+ meetings in 30 hours?  That's an average of 6 minutes per meeting.  I think this guy might just be bullshitting us.
>MONTAGNE: Do you know for sure that the tribal chairman, David Archambault, was notified of this in those 13 months?FEDORCHAK: His office was notified, yes.I find this particular exchange interesting, as they confirm that they never had a direct contact with the Chief of the tribe, but rather a vague his office was notified.
> Or have everyone stop enjoying the benefits of oil.I think that given the danger global warming poses, that may not be a bad idea in the long term.
You are being misleading. Railroads spill a lot less than pipelines. http://www.businessinsider.com/oil-spills-by-mode-of-transport-2013-7They are more dangerous in terms of loss of life. But that can be dealt with by more stringent safety regulation
Yep. Check this out. 42 confirmed dead, and another 5 presumably dead. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lac-M%C3%A9gantic_rail_disaster
I would suggest changing it to say Not the worker's fault or Not Energy Transfer's fault.Otherwise, people will attempt to discredit your argument and ignore everything you said while attacking you based purely on a small example of ambiguous word choice.
The tribe started this issue and called everyone to stand with them, then they told everyone it was done and to go home. This whole shenanigan is a joke. 
Of course they don't. The majority of media is most definitely liberal, why would they? 
No, how much?
http://www.npr.org/2016/11/02/500331158/north-dakota-commissioner-standing-rock-souix-sat-out-the-state-process this has some information 
Most of the criticism I see of trump consists of hyperbolic fantasy. There are definitely facts about him that are not favorable but the people I see on reddit like to exaggerate. And it is my belief that exaggeration has no place in a rational discussion.
There are seven existing pipelines, in fact.
Not all, but a lot of answers to questions like yours can be found in the Environmental Assessment that was completed on the pipeline: http://cdm16021.contentdm.oclc.org/cdm/ref/collection/p16021coll7/id/2801
Yes it's pressurized. I'm no expert, so I don't know how much pressure, but it's gotta make it through 92 feet of bedrock to get to the river. The pipeline in Kalamazoo appears to be about 10 feet underground, in dirt. Much easier for the oil to leak out. And yes, Enbridge appeared to cut corners. They had many points along the pipe that were supposed to be maintained and repaired, and they were behind schedule doing so. It was also a 40 year old pipe, not built with the same technology today's pipes use.I'd have to assume the companies behind DAPL will be much more stringent with inspection and repairs, if only because of the increased scrutiny on the project. 
Because they want to build it in parallel with the pipelines that are already there.
its already gone through years of planning and has been moved dozens of times.
Which is a legitimate concern, and exactly why their primary water intake is being rerouted 70 miles to the west. Never, ever, has the pipeline been planned to run through their land. But just like the person I responded to, there are people who think otherwise.
And its possible to be on the right and still want to protect the environment.
Propably the organisers who want to crowdfund another $1.2 million.
should've told him not to talk about your mother like that 
I exercise wearing a 35lb weight vest, and just walking 2 to 3 miles in that is a chore. 
110lbs now days my son.
I smell a meme...
And we will politely ask America to pay for it. 
Their immigration laws are pretty intense so good luck
UK here, so sorry if I've missed something.Hasn't he already said he's going to reduce America's presence overseas? Why would anyone be drafted?Are you saying it would be a punitive measure? Or as a means of control?Thanks
As someone from the UK, he seems to make such inflammatory comments on a daily basis.I don't know how you guys choose which one of his farcical comments to rally against anymore.
Yeah but you aren't spewing the psuedo-patriotic bullshit that he is, I think that's the point being made 
Because his objection to being drafted was all about fear and self preservation, not actual principles.
Yeah, or the fact that he had the audacity to insult a POW survivor.
Having bone spurs myself. It's not that big of an issue unless I turn my ankle and then it sucks. Then it needs to heal. Something military probably would call you out on. For me, if I wear shoes too tight, it can compress the muscle on the bone spurs and cause bad soreness. So running around for days in a jungle or some shit would REALLY suck. But I can play soccer and other sports. I just have to be careful. For the record I hate trump too. I'm not giving him an excuse. I'm just explaining why bone spurs would potentially not allow you to go fight but could play sports. 
It's amazing he can even play golf... And a +3 handicap to boot! Truly amazing.
Drafts are, yaknow, for when your country's being invaded or some serious shit going down. Not Vietnam. Seriously, what the fuck was that shit?
True. But it is bad optics for a president to take a public stand against veterans. If the police plow through native americans and liberal protesters, people on the right are unlikely to care. If the police plow through a group of veterans? That looks much worse and is likely a much bigger news story.
I think it's more about the general donald base viewing all vets as 'got dam american heros'
I don't know.  As an Army vet I hold strongly to my belief that the ACUs looked fucking stupid, and I don't need no lily-livered panty-waisted never-done-a-hard-days-work civi telling me their opinion.
In *secret?* They ashamed of their country or something?
Hey it's me, your service man
Lol. This is why people are surprised when they see my Bernie sticker next to my Army sticker on my car.
yeah but now the wars dragged on for a bit and they want that under the rug because the vets arent as useful to their narrative any more.
The best thing about being a vet is when someone tries to play that, Hey, I'm a vet card you can say, Big deal, so am I.
Native is as bottom of the barrel as you can get, in America. They're still segregated, for crying out loud.
The percentage of vets that care about this pipeline is less than one percent.The number of people who are veterans is very large. They come from all backgrounds and political persuasions. A very small percentage of them are even left-wing activists. This is them... and they dont speak for the vast majority of vets.
The VA being shit is an actual issue in desperate need of more attention. 
That sucks. Here in Georgia, vets get their special plate free up front and pay no annual fee after that, for life.https://veterans.georgia.gov/book-page/license-plates
And months later Hoover got his shit pushed in during the 32 election. It's not like it didn't create terrible optics for him at the time....
Things are a little different now. I guess they invented these weird forms of communication that mean anybody can broadcast live video and send short dispatches at any moment that can be read by anybody else. I can't image that would have any effect though, right?
Haven't heard of this. Thanks for the link. Takes me back when the History channel had actual History lol.
That's certainly a fair point. It really will depend on numbers and how those numbers are dispersed
Oh believe me, lots of conservatives I know who voted for him respect themselves plenty.The actual point you're making stands though; this dude represents the bottom of the barrel on the political right. I just think that bottom is a disturbingly large portion of the barrel.
Yeah cause a real self respecting conservative would have voted for Clinton? 
Where I live, I'm surrounded by the wing-nuts. Everyone of them voted for that despicable creature.
You have no idea how much this bugs bugs.
Journalism's standards are so low they're ingrown
I think he means there's no one alive today whose experienced an invasion. Remember how the nation felt on 9/11?  The horror, confusion, terror?  The thought that you could be next?  That's how some people feel every day when they wake up and every night when they go to sleep. 
the War of 1812 didn't happen on American soil?Also, many have zero clue that one even exists, which lends evidence to your statement. 
> Combating ISIL and it's predecessor organizations?Arguably, fighting IS predecessors is what created IS.  **CIA Chief Just Confirmed War on Terror Has Created A Lot More Terrorists**    https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/4og61x/cia_chief_just_confirmed_war_on_terror_has/   edit: http://www.commondreams.org/news/2016/06/16/cia-chief-just-confirmed-war-terror-has-created-lot-more-terrorists  
.. and where are we now? The Middle East is as bad as ever, Russia just annexed Crimea, Israel has some very questionable practices in regards to human rights, North Korea is still batshit insane, and China pretty much owns the SC sea.Alright, you got me. They should feel proud of providing humanitarian aid. That makes up for every other clusterfuck we've been party to and guilty of during/since the Cold War.
The US has quite literally enabled IS through disastrous policies all over the Middle East, so there is nothing to be proud of there. 
>Combating ISIL and it's predecessor organizations?Right, stop these guys by doing the exact same thing that started those groups> Preventing the Soviet Union from annexing Western Europelol >Preventing the UAR forces from overrunning the Israeli state and committing a second Holocaust?lol>Countering Chinese aggression in SC sea?Because only America should have total dominance of the seas.
ISIL and the Taliban are blow back. ISIL was formed from the remnants of the Iraqi Army leadership. The Taliban didn't really have a bone to pick with the US, it just wasn't going to let us waltz in though after having the experience of fighting the Soviets for a decade. AQ was also blowback from that era and the amount of power playing we did in the middle east.UAR and Israel?... bothering to read Wikipedia for 5 mins would yield the UAR proper never was in a war with Israel as the union fell apart in 3 years. The Israelis didn't need the USs help other than weapon shipments as an opportunity to test our hardware against the Soviets', otherwise the US didn't do shit militarily.Containing DPRK aggression... that was an UN action and had little to do with our actual national security. We were countering Soviet/Chinese influence.Maybe we wouldn't have to counter Chinese aggression if the Western countries hadn't exploited the hell out of China for centuries and continued to suppress it until normalization by Nixon.Humanitarian aid is a good one though. Prevent the Soviet Union from annexing western Europe makes little sense. They were as paranoid about us invading them as we were about them invading the west. Overall alot of our military action is done to serve political means or to counter blow back from foreign policy decisions. Or to simply serve the military-industrial complex. Let's not pretend everything was in the public's interest.
I think their point is more that US involvement in these countries tends to create terrorism, not reduce it. At least when we back out after that is.
The War in Iraq was fighting global terrorism..?Why did the US never go to war with Saudi Arabia, then? Especially after 9/11..!?
Because they aren't saving foreign lives. US and US military involvement in the Middle East gave rise to many of the terrorist groups we see today, so many of the lives being saved would never have been in that position had it not been for prior US politics anyway.Giving someone a gun and saving the person they attempt to shoot doesn't mean you saved a life.
It has not been a peaceful protest for the most part.There is two groups, one protesting peacefully and one group who are basically rioters.
30 hours could easily be 8-10 meetings, which would be more likely.When I covered the fracking hearings here in western Nebraska, over two years, they were 3-5 hours each, depending on the meeting.
Red herringDo you not think they should have showed up if they were opposed?
It wasn't 300 meetings, but it was a lot. I think you are missing the point here and playing semantics
This just means that he wouldnt return their calls. Unless his secretary or whoever was answering his calls forgot to tell him the dozens of times they called. Theres no deeper meaning behind it.
Legally you only have to send out notification letters, and if no one replies in 30 days you get the all clear.  Source: i do regulatory work for a North Dakota oil company 
There was also a time when the Corps scheduled to meet with the tribal council at one of the tribe's regular meetings and when they arrived Archambault met them at the door saying (paraphrased) meeting is over, we decided to start early.
Do you realize how much plastic you use on a daily basis?  
Feel free to stop using computers.
But muh jobs! We must not anger The Economy. 
It could be argued that pipelines could have less spills if there was more regulation. It goes both ways. For every person who says I had a spill near me and it was terrible, there is a person who says I knew a guy who died in rail work.  
So we should accept killing more people over cleaning up spills? Look at the largest on land spill in US history, Kalamazoo. It is completely remediated and there is not even a hint that there was a spill there (besides interpretive panels of the history). So I personally will take a spill over human loss of life any day, because one we can remediate, the other we cannot.Also, before people talk about endangered animal habitats, plant species, etc., those are all accounted for in the route decisions *to be avoided*, referred to as high consequence areas. They even avoid migratory bird habitats, specific roosting trees for bats, wetlands with rare frogs, etc. It's all documented in [the 1200 pg Environmental Impact Assessment](http://cdm16021.contentdm.oclc.org/cdm/ref/collection/p16021coll7/id/2427). There's a reason this has taken years of consultation and planning. I encourage everyone to take a look at it. It has details on animal habitats, wetlands, details on the HDDs for lakes and rivers, valve details, monitoring systems, even down to the personnel's resumes that lead the construction. 
That chart shows that rail spills more than pipelines for the single crude and refined cells. I don't know how they reached the final number. Regardless that's a source **for** pipelines. 
Absolutely none
Do I think he's Hitler? Lol, hell no. But do I think he's showing some fascist *tendencies*? Absolutely. He has repeatedly attacked the media. Anyone who asks a tough question, gets booted. There was a video of a reporter who was told, Go back to your country. Now, granted, the reporter didn't wait his turn and you can certainly kick him out for being unreasonably disruptive, but you don't say that to a person of color who is a citizen of the U.S.  He has also repeated called any news organization that doesn't report favorably about his administration as fake news. He has gone after the judiciary after 3 different courts ruled against his immigration order. These are alarming and I refuse to just say, Oh, yeah, let's just wait to see what happens.
> I'd have to assume the companies behind DAPL will be much more stringent with inspection and repairsThat's probably a bad assumption considering Enbridge will own half of the DAPL. 
This always makes me laugh. People don't know there's literally 2 pipelines already running through that exact spot 
I think one issue is that the tribe thinks it does own the land that the pipe is being built on, based on some old treaty. 
Your mom is a few times heavier than 60lbs. 
I'm fat and every waking moment of every day sucks. Minus tendietime
 #RealAmericansCan we?
Make it so Number One!
> politely There's your first mistake
He said they're gonna need to build a wall, which implies people would be immigrating there illegally. It wouldn't matter how strict their laws are.
If he pisses off someone so much that we go to war, there will be a draft. As long as we're not actually in a war, he'll be reducing presence overseas. 
It's a tactic called the Gish Gallop. Whether he knows he's using it or not is another question entirely, but it certainly is difficult to counter.
Honestly I'm a bit blown away as an American that Trump got away with saying so much awful stuff. If George W or Romney had made fun of POWs or had a pussygate leak they would have been crucified in the public consciousness and resign in disgrace. I guess people just hated Hillary so much that they stuck their fingers in their ears and voted for him anyway, and now here we are.
But I like soldiers who *weren't* caught after enrolling in the Naval academy, enlisting, then crash-landing alone in the middle of the jungle behind enemy lines because anti-aircraft guns shot down their plane on a bombing run. And then was tortured in a POW camp for years while still keeping morale up for their fellow soldiers. Real American soldiers would have either dodged the draft or dodged the flak or Rambo'd through the entire NVA.
The guy openly mocked a famous vet who got tortured during his service in a war that he himself bitched out of. They will pay minimal lip service to vets when the situation requires or when its politically advantageous it but that's it. 
The guy insulted a former POW for being captured, insulted a gold star family, compared his sacrifices to those of fallen soldiers ~~and insinuated that vets with PTSD are weak~~. And he was elected president. I don't think he cares as much as you think he does.Edit: I realized the PTSD part was an [exaggeration/misrepresentation of his words](http://www.snopes.com/donald-trump-didnt-say-vets-with-ptsd-are-weak/). There's enough BS coming from him, that there's no need to artificially create more.
> But it is bad optics for a president to take a public stand against veterans.But you're also acting like this president actually cares about optics, which I'm not so sure of, at least this kind of optics.
To a point. But the reality is that no one gives a damn once the next news cycle starts.    The VA has been killing veterans for decades. They even made a huge deal out of it on national news. It made no real impact on Obama - granted he was already in office.    Trump insulted, and then continued insulting, a Gold Star family because they were muslim. The Trump-Right jumped right on board.     He had multiple campaign stops that involved fundraisers for veterans. Afterwards it came out that at least two were fake charities that never used the money to help veterans. The Trump-Right doesn't give a damn.    The reality is that unless you are a servicemember/veteran who wholeheartedly suports Trump, then neither he or his voter base give a damn about you or what happens to you.    And that there is the scariest thing about his Presidency. When you pick one group of people, tell them they're important and the only ones who you care about or are responsible to, well you can do damn near anything you want. No matter how horrible.    
I'm tired of hearing about optics. Google Fiber is good optics - this is just a shit show. 
You are talking about a fraction of 1% of veterans that a majority of veterans strongly disagree with.
Yeah, but that's the thing, it's bad *optics*. It's not that they care. And well, optics are something you can get around. Trump already openly mocked a famous vet and got away with it, he probably would think he can do this too (and with optics that is what matters, what he thinks he can get away with). Besides, he will just badmouth the vets and try to paint them as unpatriotic/forgot their duty or something. Or distract people with some tweet. Or hell, maybe use it as a way to distract people from something else.
If you don't think Trump fans will just say they aren't *real* vets, and just hippie protesters, you're in for a surprise.
Deeply closeted patriots. There are dozens of us! 
You blow that man in the sunlight, patriot!
I'm here to give you service. 
I got screamed at while active duty for supporting Bernie.  Literally called a traitor and asked why I even bothered joining.
Lol. Then why is Fox News on every public TV on every military post I've ever been on? 
I've seen my friend that was in the army for 6 years, 3 years in Afghanistan do this to some guy that was in the army at the time and it was glorious.  He was telling my friend he doesn't know shit about what he's talking about, and trying to make himself seem like he's superior to everyone, and then my friend schooled him.  
These veterans aren't there to protest the pipeline.In the article, they state that they are there to stand between unarmed citizens and a 'militarized' police force. **From the article**: We are prepared to put our bodies between Native elders and a privatized military force, said Elizabeth Williams, a 34-year-old air force veteran, who arrived at Standing Rock with a group of vets late on Friday. Weve stood in the face of fire before. We feel a responsibility to use the skills we have.**And**Luker said he was prepared to be hit by police ammunition if necessary: I dont want to see a twentysomething, thirtysomething untrained person killed by the United States government. 
But also of zero relevance to what is being discussed here.
> Hoover got his shit pushed in during the 32 election.I'm pretty sure there was a nationwide catastrophic event that prevented his election. Don't quote me on that, though.
> opticsIs this the new reddit buzzword? It's popping up everywhere. 
You would think so but unfortunately, little if anything will likely come of it.  eg. domestic spying should have had consequences but there were virtually none.
What will depend on numbers and what does this 'dispersed' statement mean
I am not a Republican but I honestly don't think Trump represents anything Republican that constitutes anything legitimate. I wouldn't even say it's the right he's representing in the slightest. In fact I would say that true Republican representation has been dead for a long time. The only thing that remains is a hyperbole cluster fuck of echochamber'd policy based on emotions. I feel the democratic party is also heading in that direction. In all honesty what is an actual Liberal. Our political spectrum has no true identity. We are so fucked. 
You're just making excuses for yourself. No, you wouldn't vote for Clinton. You'd vote third party or not at all, or, better yet, you'd have supported a more reasonable candidate during the primaries in the first place. 
Some bugs are bunnies 
Because that's terrorism, not war. That's the point of terrorism. To cause *terror.* It's not the same as enemy combatants coming into your country by ship, tank, plane, and march, pushing you and your countrymen back mile by mile, forcing you to abandon your cities and homes and loved ones. Terrorism =/= being a war torn countryedit: because of misreading earlier, be clear, I am agreeing with the person whose comment I replied to
Yeah this is a good point. Our people think we are always right and can walk all over anyone we want, primarily because they've never had to worry about their family being massacred and homes turnt to ruin. I am on disbelief everyday by the sheer amount of people who think everything the government does is holy ground (I.e. The persecution of Snowden).
I'm curious if this guy knows our Capitol  has been burned down before. 
Yeah, I believe that's what was intended. It's hard to give any undue respect to anyone just because they put themselves fully under the control of our government. There are certainly veterans who have done noble things, but respecting someone simply as a veteran who, perhaps with good intentions, volunteered to work for the military industrial complex to keep making politicians money? It doesn't take a genius to see what we've been doing with our military the past several decades.
And as my conservative family loves to do, immediately blame all protesters as violent based on the actions on some.  I get tired of being lumped in with all the anarchists bc I support going into the street and protesting.  For some, it's all must be peaceful or the entire thing is a disaster.  Since when do all those of a political or ideological belief behave the same?   Should I also then say that all Trump supporters are racist or bigots bc some are?
Umm.. but what about my narrative??
It's such a waste to convince people how much we use oil. A lot of people are indoctrinated.Those convinced against their will, are of the same opinion still. 
lmaoThese people are not capable of doing the change needed to stop climate change, they have no idea what a drastic change in lifestyle it would entail. 
Individual economic livelihood is a completely valid concern that only a sheltered far left extremist would jokingly dismiss.That being said, finding ways to decrease oil dependence would definitely be in our long-term best interests.
If we just cut oil off now.  Billions would starve to death. 
plus rail accidents have steadily increased in recent years due to our heavy oil transport as well the the rail infrastructure not being made for this amount of load
Warren buffet is funding this shit so his trains will transport the oil. Those protesters are getting duped
Which is ridiculous. You wouldn't expect the tribe to give up land to people who had it before them, would you? All that matter is who owns the deeds right now.
Child brides dude. 
> a few timesOrders of magnitude 
It's all they know.
The Americans, they're not sending their best.  They're child beauty pageant parents, they're Bruins fans, and some, I assume, are good people.
I had not heard of this debate tactic named as such, but thank you for bringing it up. Now I understand why so many of the debates I get into online are so incredibly lopsided as far as word count is concerned.
On the other hand he did proudly wear the uniform of his prep school. Here he is bravely enduring marching on the foot that kept him out of Viet-Nam. [Captain Trump](https://www.google.com/search?q=trump+military+school&client=safari&hl=en-us&prmd=niv&source=lnms&tbm=isch&sa=X&ved=0ahUKEwillKuhsojSAhXK5CYKHdeDCqUQ_AUICCgC&biw=1024&bih=672#imgrc=cwQn657QyrcBiM:)
That's fine. These assholes will plow thru the line and may kill a vet with their 'less lethal' 'meant to be lobbed in an arch and instead pointed directly at humans' munitions and when that happens, the next time the vets protest it won't be unarmed. 
>I don't think he cares as much as you think he does.I dont think the republican party cares as much as he (Or people in general) thinks they care either, once you stop being a warm body in another country. See: treatment of veterans. 
When he accepted that Purple Heart from a vet supporter at one of his rallys and said I always wanted one of these, my balls physically ached.  
More important, I don't think veterans care.  Most of the Vietnam age veterans at my VFW post are proud Trump supporters, despite the way he has disrespected vets.
Yeah, sure, but at least he didn't set up a private email server. 
This is the same guy that is thinking of firing his press secretary because of a Snl sketch. He cares about optics, just not in the traditional way. 
He doesn't care, but his party does. If he loses his control over the GOP he loses most of his power. 
Thank you for your service 
You're supposed to do your patriotic duty and vote for the bloodthirsty imperialists so they can use you as a worthless pawn, then parade your corpse around as the reason we need to keep fighting. All while pocketing the gifts and contributions from defense contractors. 
I got pushed out for registering democrat back in 2004.  General discharge for whatever they could find which happened to be not paying a bill, which I later disputed and won.  I'm still a general discharge 13 years later...
Too be fair, it's not a good idea to bring up politics while active duty. Much like religion, it can cause a lot of drama. I tended to keep my mouth shut when I was in, even though I was (and still am) a die hard socialist. 
A majority of soldiers are republican. The enlisted men are expecially prone to be republican because they often come from poorer white families.Officers and high ranking enlisted often have a load of different political opinions.
Veterans are being discussed.....
People find solidarity in being treated as expendable. 
You're not wrong, but you can't act like the Bonus March and Hoover's/Congress' handling there of didn't directly impact the vote. Yes, the Great Depression was the primary cause  (now we understand that Harding, Coolidge, and Hoover's policy of pro-business intervention played a significant role, Im not positive that was evident in 31-32), but the way Hoover handled the march/protest had consequences. When you use tanks and cavalry against your own people, there **are** consequences. 
Real word in common usage in marketing and public relations. I guess it's being used a lot in relation to Trump's foibles in the eyes of those watching him. 
The consequences were people truly lost faith in the government and elected a buffoon. 
And some ducks are Daffy what's your point? 
You're right, the second one is much scarier.
Texas has some interesting stories of war for this guy too.
It's almost like bringing up violent protests is a deflection meant to not address the reason people are protesting. Remember when Trump was inaugurated and 3 million people protested peacefully across the country, but all anyone was talking about were the small group of edgy anarchists that toppled a trash can and broke a bank window? 
Decreasing oil consumption is a good goal. Abandoning oil for some magical nonexistent alternative is not a valid option. Oil will eventually be replaced but in the meantime crying about pipelines isn't the answer
/r/jesuschristreddit
It's true..... We're sohrry :(
The real concern should lie in the danger of Canadians when we lose our politeness. Do you recall why it's called the White House?We didn't want to conquer your people or your lands, just came down to burn your Capitol buildings as a warning and walk the funk back north to enjoy the cool crisp air....and maple syrup. 
Whoa whoa, what's wrong with Bruins fans?
Trump is such a fucking coward, holy shit. How did such a worthless human being ever get anywhere in life?
I don't get these dumbfucks driving around in Pick-up Trucks with Trump bumpers stickers.  How do they forget so easily how much they seem to hate elitist prep school cunts?  Oh that's right...they're dumbfucks.  
Haha this is new to me. Good find. 
Brave Sir Robin
God, that same sneer, he looks like he was always an absolute shit. That said, looks healthy considering he claimed a gimp foot to keep him out of Vietnam. What a shit. 
> the next time the vets protest it won't be unarmed.If you think the majority of the military will ever lean to the left, I'm not really sure what to say but I think you're in for a surprise.I come from a very large military family (at this moment more than 30 of my family members are active duty), and live walking distance from MacDill AFB in Tampa. Off the top of my head, I could name ~200 service men and women. Of them, two - yes, **two** - are left-leaning and only one of those two is a registered Democrat.The thing to know about the military is, based on what I've seen, their politics tend to waver a lot based on what job they had/have. Those who are in combat roles overwhelmingly tend to lean right. Your intel and logistics slightly lean left, and leadership I'd say is split 60/40 to the right. Personally, I didn't serve in the military. Couldn't pass the physical (shortest member of my family, and Jewish... probably says all you need to know about my physical capabilities). Nor am I a Trump supporter. But I think there are three reasons the military tend to lean right: 1. The left's actions following Vietnam toward the military (a lot of their behavior was very anti-service members), 2. The right is very pro-military in the way they talk. As my cousin says, Democrats give me pity. I don't want their pity, I want their respect., and 3. Most of the 34% of the populace that supports gun control tend to lean left.
Yeah regardless of how the military feels about left/right, the right vocally supports them but doesn't actually support vet welfare/care.
Disgusting human being.
Surviving a tour in Vietnam would've gotten him one of those.What would the world be like if Trump died in Vietnam? Better off, I'd wager.
We are very anecdotal, but me and my friends from my Marine Corps days absolutely despise the man for how he treats John McCain, how he treats the Khan family, and how he's a draft dodging sack of shit. 
Uh we need to talk...
That's why I said at least this kind of optics
Is this real life? Where you in a cave during the campaign?
woah hey there, settle down.thats far too many un-alternative-truths going on. 
High ranking enlisted here (retired). And I personally found Officers (does not include straight out of College LT's) to be amongst the most conservative. Army, and just my personal experience though. 
Humans are being discussed here, let's keep this about rampart.
Well, it's duck season.
Some tasmanian devils are Ty what's your point
I thought those were British troops.  Like from Britain, not just from the Commonwealth.
Cheering for the Bruins, mainly.
Probably written by a habs fan 
The real question is whats wrong with people from Boston and the answer is literally everything. 
Small loans over and over from his father.
By using a small loan of $1,000,000 to con people out of their hard earned money
Rich parents
Daddy's $$$
Because he was literally the only general election candidate who spoke to them.  Clinton barely acknowledged their existence.  When the left has been successful, say during the new deal, we had leadership who recognized that the economy had to serve everyone.  This is a hard problem, but it was then, too.  FDR got intellectuals to roll up their sleeves and work for farmers.  We need that again. 
Watch the Trump Frontline episode, shit is sad.
He was not at all afraid to be killed in nasty ways
Sir Robin actually served on the frontline and [died for his souvereign.](https://youtu.be/dsLSuEyMzaE?t=1m26s) Infact, in this [exclusive combat footage (NSFL)](https://youtu.be/tgj3nZWtOfA?t=2m1s) he is clearly seen fighting, holding his ground and only retreating once he receives the order to do so.He may have been a wuss, but Brave Sir Robin didn't fake an injury or use his father's connections to chicken out.
If you think vet's won't stand up for innocent Americans, armed or unarmed, you're currently being proven wrong. If I didn't have family, work, and school obligations, I'd be there with them. If this was happening closer to me, I'd be there with them. If it ever comes to a hot war against our government to protect the lives of legitimately innocent Americans, I'll be there with them, regardless of where it is or what obligations I have. Almost every fellow vet I know feels the same way. We didn't serve so straight, rich, white people could share in the freedom while everyone else is forgotten about. We did it for anyone living under the Stars and Stripes. If you call America home and work for her benefit, we call you family, and will do what we have to do. Every American should feel that way. Unfortunately, some say they feel that way and think they're doing the right thing, but are really just pawns for the cunts trying to keep us all in check. The military certainly isn't very left, but I think you underestimate a few things; There are tons of minorities in the military, who are typically not very supportive of republicans. There are more educated people in the military than you probably realize, which means their eyes are open to how things really are and would probably fight in some way to protect American citizens whether in uniform or not. And in general, the average mentality in the military is closer to being politically neutral than anything. You get some nuts that go hard right, rarely one that goes hard left, but that's to be expected. Most people that serve have a genuine understanding that the people are the real reason they're there, not the government. I can honestly say that in the 8 years I served, not once did I feel like I met someone who would turn their rifle on an American citizen for any reason, especially if the government ordered it. What you would see here is what happened in Egypt when the military ousted the politicians after they were ordered to turn on the civilians. We have a smart military. It's not the bunch of racist, dumbass rednecks you think it is.
I'm a Navy vet and l keep my views to myself, my wife, and the voting booth.
What the fuck does being short and Jewish have to do with anything?I'm a 5'2 Jew, and I served in the Marine Corps.And having actually served, I can tell you there are many left leaning service members, and even the right leaning ones aren't necessarily far right.Plus they'll side with fellow service members over the government, or just about anyone else for that matter 9 times out of 10.
I met a lot of people in the airforce who were left leaning. I guess it matters where you are and who you meet.
Ah, the always accurate I know some people who do a thing so my limited sample size must account for all America. I'm a combat vet and the split is much more 60/40 in political leanings. If you want to get your facts correct the majority of active duty soldiers preferred Gary Johnson accounting to the Military Times.
People keep assuming that when someone says veterans or the vets they mean all veterans. I've no idea why though.And for that matter, what does leaning to the left have to do with anything? Opposing a pipeline or resisting a government has nothing to do with left or right. 
It's adorable that you think that only 34% of the country favors more regulations on guns. More like 55% according to Gallup. 34% is the percent of the population that wants the laws to stay the same. (2016)Edit: Also, 79% of Republicans want background checks for gun shows and private sales, 81% of Republicans want laws to prevent the mentally ill from buying guns, and 55% of Republicans want a federal database to track gun sales. Compare those to the numbers for Democrats (88, 79, and 85 respectively) and there isn't that much of a difference based on party (Pew Research 2015)The reason nothing happens isn't because of public opinion. Public opinion has called for stricter regulation on guns for over 25 years (Gallup 2016). The reason nothing happens is because of lobbyists. They write a bigger check than the American public can. 
I'd say it's less about the effects of being in the military and a lot more of the kinds of people the army appeals to and pressure from military families to continue the tradition.
>Off the top of my head, I could name ~200 service men and women. Of them, two - yes, two - are left-leaning and only one of those two is a registered Democrat.Where I work, there's a good mix of both. I'd say it even leans left by a fair amount. I have a hypothesis for why the military appears more right leaning in general, though. It seems that everyone I know in the military is from a smaller town. Rural areas tend to be more red, and it seems a lot of people in the military joined from rural areas. I think the recruiting demographics are just a bit skewed and that's it. 
I was a submariner. We almost had a straight 50/50 split if I were to guess based on the people I spoke to.
They still get their service regardless of whether they actually support them or not after they stop being useful. So why change? 
In my personal experience I encountered the same thing, but I remember reading a while ago that 40% of officers are democrat and 5 or 10% are other. I think democrat officers are much more likely to keep it a secret, because their men are very likely to be republicans and not just republicans, but young republicans. Young people like to do and think dumb things about people they disagree with.
Ex army officer most officers I ran into were conservative 
Rabbit season! 
From daddy:m - up to $100 million secured bank loans. - $1 million personal loan.- Inheritance. In today's dollars, probably only over half a billion dollars to play with. How did Trump ever manage to make do? 
Small loans To rich people. To you and I that's a huge loan most likely interest free. If he did even pay them back.
That makes him smaht
Actually it was initially 17 mil. 
>*FDR got intellectuals to roll up their sleeves and work for farmers. We need that again.*We still enjoy the results of many programs and projects established during his administration.Just try to find that person in government leadership nowadays.
That was what Bernie was doing, but the DNC didn't like the idea that he might actually do something about their corruption
Ah but at that point you were electing politicians that *cared* about finding the right solution - sure it might reflect their particular ideological/political viewpoint - but they did *care* about helping the citizenry. Nowadays, almost no politician seems to actually care about finding solutions to problems that don't affect large corporations. When they do, they get opposed by the mass of politicians who don't care. Sanders had the backing of so many people because he was sincere and was offering changes that many people wanted. Clinton was not focusing on any change from what I could see. Trump said he was going to make changes, but all it seems to me he is doing is reinforcing the power of the large corporations, and (probably) lining his own pockets in the process, oh and of course the racism and hatred that so many apparently welcome as well. Sadly.
>Because he was literally the only general election candidate who spoke to them.   How many times do they have to be conned before they get get a clue?   They've been fucking themselves over for decades.
Remember that in those days, intellectuals may have actually grown up on a farm, or with parents who worked in a factory or similar. That's less likely these days, in large part due to cost of education. I bartended and lumberjacked my way through college and graduated in '92, after six years, with no debt. Try that now. 
Not as sad as the fact that there are still people who look up to him.
[deleted]
When danger reared it's ugly head, he bravely turned his tail and fled. 
I really hope everything you've written is true and is never tested!
And I respect that. Most of what I'm basing my opinion on is from private conversations because their views aren't shared publicly, for a number of reasons.
User name checks out.
Can confirm. Am left leaning Air Force vet
I'd rather have the Air Force on my side. Just sayin'...
That's  because the intelligence level needed to join the Air Force is higher than other  branches.
I find it interesting he basically blames not being able to pass the physical on being short and Jewish.  Not on his own physical conditioning.
Gary Johnson is to the right. 
Freaking thank you. That doesn't include 22 year old lieutenants, of course. :-) 
Duck season!
So after reading a little bit of the uniform child custody jurisdiction and enforcement act, what I'm basically getting out of this that people will have no legal claim to their children, since both will be classified as a non-custodial parent.So basically, it's to fuck with LGBT people that use surrogates, or artificial insemination to have a child.
What good could possibly come out of this?Yet another example of pushing a subjective morality on the public at large. Odds on this person self identifying as a compassionate Christian Conservative?
Representative Terry Lynn Weaver (R-Lancaster) proposed HB 1406, which is intended to repeal the current statute regarding children born through artificial insemination.The proposed bill will make it easier for the state, homophobes and hate-filled relatives to take children away from LGBT parents.
But..... why?I can't... I can't even.What purpose does this serve, in the best interest of any child?  Or what purpose does it serve to the rights of any parent?  *EVEN IF* you are a die-hard pro-lifer, this bill should not make sense to you as it accomplishes nothing but harm to a child that is conceived and actively wanted.As a Christian, I don't even get how something like this could even see the light of day in our legal system.
What good is this bill except to let it be known that the people who support it are assholes???
Would they then require the parents to undergo a legal adoption process to reinstate the child as legitimate?  This is either incredibly devious, or ridiculously stupid.  Or both.
How the fuck can you call another living, breathing, sentient human being an illegitimate human being?! 
So if I'm getting this right, this also bans surrogates to couples that can't have children naturally.  Other than the LGBT interference intent of the law, it's also harming couples that decide to wait to have children.I hope this law is shut down.  It's dumb, short sighted and wrong on a number of reasons.  I would bet the lawmaker is one that's a pro lifer.  All this does is get more children in the system, not with loving parents.
The fuck is wrong with Republicans? Do they hate everyone that is not  christian conservative white male?
Holy shitNasty insidious nonsense
Nomenclature aside, so what? What are the legal consequences? 
Before I read the article, just want to make a guess.  Republican proposed isn't it?Edit : How was I able to guess?  Anytime something seems like it must be bullshit because it is so crazy, it has come from the Republicans.
Please, people, never let this term gain ascendancy in the law again, no matter where.I am an adoptee of the 1950 era when being a illegitimate child meant everyone could call you a bastard to your face.  Civil rights were limited, social status stunted.Worse yet was the pain and separation I felt knowing I was regarded as 'less than.'  And it wasn't even anything I did.  This the sins of the Father' belong in that generation, not on an innocent child. Shame on anyone who would support such a law.
This article doesn't elaborate on what Terry Lynn Weaver's motive on this proposed law is. What's her angle?  Bastards are destined to Hell?  Bastards aren't eligible for SSI if orphaned?  When it comes to Republicans it's either about morals or money, that's for sure.
Imagine all the Republicans that have successfully used artificial insemination. Let's hear their spin on this proposal.
How petty can you be?
1950's much?
at that rate might as well make inheritance a patriarchal-only thing again, since this seems to be the year of arbitrary bills. 
Sorry, USA, but when are you going to catch up with the rest of the civilised world?
Is this a joke? The hell is wrong with our coun- oh wait, we voted Trump for President.
The deep thinkers are at it again. 
Tax dollars at work. Break aprart families and completely neuter all gay people. Truly america is becoming great again by focusing on the big issues. 
What happens when ignorant bigots are elected to public office. . .
Great so I should just move to Nashville because there i don't have 2 sons!! Party time!!!!
[House Bill](http://wapp.capitol.tn.gov/apps/BillInfo/Default.aspx?BillNumber=HB1406&ga=110)[Senate Bill](http://wapp.capitol.tn.gov/apps/BillInfo/Default.aspx?BillNumber=SB1153&ga=110)Ok, so what are the legal implications of a child being legitimate? What , in practical terms, does that word mean in Tennessee law?
Let's call em all bastards to make a point
so if I sold sperm, some chick I've never met can hit me up for child support?
Oh my! Looks like the shallow end of the gene pool is trying to run things again. Please God, let this be fake news.
Really, what is the fucking point? 
What the fuck kind of ignorant uncontacted-by-modern-civilization level of medical and scientific knowledge *bullshit* is this? 
It seems like a these folks have not enough to do. I wonder if their jobs should be downsized?
How does one even get this fucker up in pushing their personal agenda on People?   I grew up a Reagan Republican like a lot of these dick heads, but my views are for people's privacy, people's rights, and doing big government to only help out where the states fall short, while maintaining America's image and standing as the world's super power.
Why do some seem to want to control women's reproductive lives, their genitalia, their choices for THEIR bodies?Seriously asking.
This is an obvious hit to the LGBT community. Does this bill also apply to Heterosexual couples?Why are people stupid enough to support this thing ?
I've noticed that whenever I read a piece of legislation that seems to make absolutely no sense it usually turns out to be a complicated plan to fuck over gay people. 
With all the shit going on in this world, THIS is the kind of shit ppl wanna make laws about?!?
I want to move to Tennessee
When white inbreeding tries to legitimize labeling humans before they can even speak for themselves because of inheriting wealth. This world is fucked up.
Illegitimate child?  Is that even a thing that anyone pays attention to these days?  Why would anyone care?  It's gotta be at least thirty years since I last talked to anyone who cared about that sort of thingMaybe I am just^a little bit disconnected^these days...
The fact that we ate still classifying human beings as illegitimate as a means to deny them a place in society is horrifying. Charles Dickens workhouse horrifying. 
With all the issues that Tennessee has, like Opioid addiction, and they actually waste time on this shotgun style legislation where you might get the LGBTQ individuals trying to have a child, but you also get a lot of collateral damage in this unspecific, garbage piece of legislation.  
Link isn't working. I highly doubt this will pass.
This is nothing but a paper tiger. I dont think the government will be prying open medical records of people who do ivf any time soon. 
With unintended consequences of also telling every heterosexual couple going through fertility treatments, that they aren't welcome there either.
small government
B-b-b-but trump held a rainbow flag that one time! Clearly that makes the GOP pro LGBT now, right?
>So basically, it's to fuck with LGBT people that use surrogates, or artificial insemination to have a child.Are there any figures on this that show the percentage of artificial insemination used for homosexuals vs heterosexuals?  I would assume heterosexuals do this just as often.  Weird that someone would do this to target gays when it is common practice among everyone
So what will they do about it?  Take the kids away?  I don't understand how they figure this works out to their benefit.
What the fuck is wrong with our government?
[removed]
[removed]
Those are good odds.        https://twitter.com/TerriLynnWeaver She loves Jesus.
Technically all laws are due to people pushing their subjective morality on the public so you're not wrong it's just not a good argument 
And then what? Make their lives worse? I hope they don't pretend they will give a rat's ass about the kids when they become wards of the state.
What does being legitimate or illegitimate have to do with taking the child?  Single women have been having illegitimate children for centuries and they didn't take their children, so I don't know why this would suddenly make a difference.  I just can't see what the purpose behind this is other than to tag a baby with a scarlet letter. 
Because regardless what the republicans try and claim, they are still very anti-LGBT and will find any method they can to restrict their rights, even at the cost of our own.
The goal is to make it easier to take children from the homes of LGBT homes.  Since they can no longer prevent their marriage, they're trying to do an end run around the issue by denying them parenthood.
Because of your religion ... take it up at church. It's unacceptable. 
It also lets us know what congressional districts are full of asshole voters.
You just described every proposed Tennessee bill that makes the national news.http://www.newschannel5.com/news/drivers-given-civil-immunity-for-hitting-protesters-under-proposed-billhttp://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/tennessee-lgbt-counseling_us_570c4c4de4b0836057a23d63http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2013/01/30/tennessee-dont-say-gay-bill_n_2582390.html
I can't tell from the statute whether the child is still considered to be the legitimate child of the mother, and just not the father. I'm not sure what's really going on here.
I vote both
Just like that. 
Illegitimate, as in a bastard.  A Child born out of wedlock.
It's a completely stupid bill, but that's not what it's saying. 
How does the 14th amendment come into play here?
It's the natural progression of the concept of 'illegals'.
Cause..... they're not?They're not deeming them illegitimate humans, they're using a legal term for custodial purposes.Jesus christ..... I see the professionally outraged non-reading youth of today is out in force lol
Not just surrogates. IUI (artificial insemination) is the most cost-effective and common fertility treatment that exists. It's used extensively by heterosexual, married, Christian couples. So they are fucking over their own here.
Don't  be ridiculous! They also don't hate christian conservative white females as long as they're pretty and don't rock the boat.
You're getting down-voted, but honestly I can't figure it out myself. It seems like the only issue **is** nomenclature at this point.Back in the day an illegitimate child (one born out of wedlock) wouldn't be entitled to their father's inheritance or support, and they also couldn't take the father's name. But from what I gather these days the law treats most illegitimate children as legitimate (provided they can prove relation).Though, if that is the case, this law becomes all the more idiotic, because then it really is just someone being sanctimonious and deciding artificial insemination makes other people less-than. Idk ianal 
What about heterosexual couples that need a sperm donor? 
The party of small government.
There are many reasons why someone would choose artificial insemination as a way to have a child.  They can't have their own, due to fertility issues, they are single and they don't want to settle down, or they are a same sex couple.While I cannot say for certain, my guess is that Terry Lynn Weaver's motive is to deny custody of the child of a single parents or same sex couples, with the unintended consequence of also impacting in infertile couples as well.
Thank you for asking.  Source: http://www.weaverhouse40.com/Response_to_intent_of_HB1406.pdf  (last paragraph, that sums it up)  > Thankfully, there is another statute still on the books that makes it clear that when a child is born to a married woman, the child is presumed to be that of her husband. So, the repeal of the law does not de-legitimize a child conceived by insemination and, to be honest, the law that will remain on the books is less intrusive into the relationship of a husband and wife than the statute being repealed. Unlike the law being repealed, the remaininglaw that will now govern the situation does not have the government inquiring into the means by which the couples child came into existence or whose sperm, the husband's or a donors, was used.  All her positions are posted on her site, you don't need a 'fake news' publication telling you what to think. 
The good old days, member? 
It makes me wonder what's coming down the pike legislation-wise. Some sort of denial of services or like you hinted at, removing a claim to any estate. 
It makes it easier to deny custody to the wrong kinds of parents, such as same sex couples, for example.
Like Rump wouldn't win, blah, blah. Bottom line is these bigots are emboldened one of their own is in charge and are scrambling to capitalize.
People will just be going to have their IVF done in adjacent states and jumping through hoops to ensure the records of it aren't exposed to OBGYNs back home.  If a couple has the money to spend on IVF (which often can require multiple rounds), they likely have the money and inclination to skirt the law on this.
It ain't how god meant it to be, children should be properly  created by two loving cousins 
Some straight conservatives are perfectly willing to harm other straight people if it means harming LGBT folks. 
Because clearly god plan was to destroy you emotionally by making you incapable of having children. So who are you to go against gods plan. /s
Conservatives don't want small government. They really truly do not. They think the government is a thing that exists to punish people, and therefore they want legislation that hurts others. They want to get rid of financial aid programs because they help the poor, and they think Hurt them through taxes. The government shouldn't exist to help! Now then, having the government ban gay marriage, steal children from LGBT couples, have the police crack down on minorities, that's all ok because it is the government hurting people, just not them. They don't want the government to hurt them through say making them pay people a minimum wage or make them provide safety equipment for their workers (things that help people) or making them pay taxes. Oh they still want the police and army to take care of scary minorities, they just shouldn't have to pay for any of it at all. It really makes much more sense when you think about it that way. They want a government that hurts people they don't like, and leaves them alone or greatly benefit them and no one else, not small government. If any conservatives truly wanted small government, then they would elect people who would do exactly that. But they don't and haven't for.... probably the past 70 or so years, so it's a cute thing for them to say they want, and they think they should say it, like a fat person shoving down cake then claiming to everyone that will listen that they want to lose weight, they truly don't and they're lying to you, whether they know it or not.
It makes no sense. How can they be against the government while simultaneously being deeply religious and traditional? That's like the exact kind of people the government wants to govern.
Small as in petty.
No. Straight couples don't need artificial insemination/surrogates for the most part. Edit: IUI (artificial insemination) is the most cost-effective and common fertility treatment that exists. It's used extensively by heterosexual, married, Christian couples. So you're right, and they are fucking over a lot of non-LGBT people as well.
That seems to be the threat, there are people that don't want children raised by two mommies or two daddies, so it is better that those children be taken from their loving parents and put into the homes of foster parents.
And they're scared of Muslims ffs
I'm confused. Do you mean to say that you were planning to have artificially inseminated children?
Better loving home than by bigots who are the true perverse. Now run along while your betters talk ok champ?
Jesus would be illegitimate under this bill.
Loves Jesus, hates people. 
And merlot!  A telltale sign. 
Exactly. This is a 'punish the queers' bill, not a child welfare one. No matter what the authors say.
If the child is illegitimate at birth, then the parents have - by that law - no rights as parents.
I'm pretty sure it means at birth the child becomes a ward of the state. Pretty fucked up if you ask me.
really its a bit symbolic of the futility of trying to attack homosexuality. Its a part of humanity. Any attempt to restrict us invariably puts a noose around everyone's neck. We will never just vanish one day. 
I find it petty, at it's very best.And misguided.  I wonder if a study has ever been done to determine the percentage of LGBT couples who have used actual IVF versus, uh, other means?  Is there going to be a checkbox at the hospital that says, I do here solemnly swear I did not use a turkey baster or I promise I am totally not a privately-arranged surrogate?
I would love to have them come to my front door and try and take our daughters who were conceived through fertility treatments. What a shitty day that would be for whoever had the chutzpah to ring my doorbell.  
Ah, if only it were that simple.  :(  My faith doesn't call for the abuse or seizure of children just to spite gay couples, though -- so I don't know what these Tennessee folks are doing.
Seems to me that the woman who bore the child would be considered a legal parent.  However, the spouse of that woman would not have parental rights. The child would have one legal parent.  This is clearly a slap in the face to same sex couples who have children.  P.S.  I live in Tennessee.  Our state legislature is a bunch of backwards Christian hypocrits.  
> I'm not sure what's really going on here.I'm calling for a total and complete shutdown on Republicans introducing bills until we can figure out what is going on.
I thought the legal term was for children born out of wedlock? This bill would apply to children born to a husband and wife too.
Then, oh wisest of cunts, explain, how can someone be born to two parents, alive, under 18, and not be a legitimate child? It's clearly about a bit more than custodianship when all of the factors that contribute to custodianship are still present in artificially inseminated babies. 
Custodial? You know this is about God not loving you if you aren't born from a married white couple through natural intercourse? This is truly pathetic. Custodial, yeah you can believe that. 
I see the older, never had an original thought in their life cause they love to be told what to do spewing their envy at thinking individuals.
>professionally outraged non-reading youth of today[What goes around comes around](http://nymag.com/news/features/45938/) (1976)
Also women/men who are cancer survivors it fucks them over if they had their eggs/spark frozen. 
Issues I can see are loss of eligibility of state benefits, child inheritance rights, custodial and child support should the parents divorce. So it can have major effects.
The only other place in Tennessee code I see legitimate child being referenced is [here](http://law.justia.com/codes/tennessee/2015/title-39/chapter-15/part-1/section-39-15-101) Offenses Against the Family... Nonsupport and flagrant nonsupport>(a) A person commits the crime of nonsupport who fails to provide support which that person is able to provide and knows the person has a duty to provide to a minor child or to a child or spouse who, because of physical or mental disability, is unable to be self-supporting.>(b) Child includes legitimate children and children whose parentage has been admitted by the person charged or established by judicial action.but since that section goes on to define child more broadly than as legitimate child I still can't figure out the ramefications of the proposed legislation. 
So small it can fit inside your genitals
Infertile couples are being punished by god for...something, I'm sure. /s
I believe that she's just trying to make the inevitable difficult and costly for these people, but unless she tries to pass a bill blocking adoption, these folks can still be legitimate parents.      
And we don't need the Government telling us if our kids are legit or not.  Republicans need to get out of other peoples bedrooms.  Talk about being faking it. 
Can you take me through the legal argument there? >Repeals statute that deems a child born to a married woman as a result of artificial insemination, with consent of the married woman's husband, to be the legitimate child of the husband and wife.The way I read that, in the context of a gay couple, the wife referenced in the statute would be the (married) surrogate, and the child would be deemed legitimately her and her husband's child. Following that, the same-sex couple would adopt that child? Does this change that? Or for lesbian couples, there's no husband for either consent or for the child to be the legitimate child of. I really don't understand what's going on here.
That's not true. I'm going through IVF with my husband and we had to take out a huge medical loan for this. We wouldn't be able to afford to skirt anything. 
Brother and sister is also scripted to be ok
Or raped by a family member.
Well Trump would definitely fuck Ivanka if he wouldn't get caught. 
It was God's IDEA!   Genesis 16:2.
It also makes me think that the insurance industry is (at least partly) behind it.  They can avoid covering any fertility procedures, and deny coverage for children on employer sponsored health care plans.
You're lumping a lot of people into one category. While what you described may reflect a portion of people, many others truly seek a government that will just leave them alone.
you call them people, the republicans call them acceptable losses.  This is the party that had some members wanting to [abolish](http://www.politicususa.com/2015/06/26/republicans-freak-call-abolition-civil-marriage-same-sex-legalization.html) the legal definition of marriage, not because it was a big cause for them before, but out of spite to prevent gays from getting married. 
And I'll probably be one of those... Fucking bastards.
Nah they are just huge money grabbing, non-taxable corporations that want to silence anyone that trys to get them to pay their fair share. 
Jesus would been rotten in prison since the red scare.
This may be the best argument you can make against the bill. 
Not true though?The biological mother (or the mother that gave birth) does in fact have parental rights even if she isn't married to the father (which is the traditional definition of illegitimate). It's the non-birthing parent who doesn't automatically have parental rights.
By what law?  I looked the law up, and literally the only thing it does is repeal that paragraph.  It doesn't replace it with anything else.  So does Tennessee law already state that illegitimate children can be taken away?  I'm not saying I doubt that this is screwing over somebody; I'm just not sure who it is.  
Well, they are using your faith as a justification for doing exactly that.  So, you have to start somewhere, right?
Would husband in this statute fundamentally extend to same-sex wives? If not, I don't understand how this affects gay or lesbian couples. In the case of a surrogate, does the child being the legitimate child of the mother and father matter if they are being legally adopted by a third (and fourth) party?
Is it that, or is it to simplify the process of surrogates so only the mother needs to sign off?  I'm not sure what the heck legitimate or illegitimate have to do with anything; what exactly is the civic purpose of it?
Yeah I had to read and see what they really meant by illegitimate. Because my understanding of it was not officially recognized/eligible heir/born out of wedlock. This seems to be more legal custody issues.
Like it or not, it's ultimately the law that determines whether someone can claim custody of a child. The proposed legislation would remove the defined right of consenting parents who use artificial insemination to claim custody of the child, as it says in the article. That's how. >However, the bill proposed by Weaver, with the Senate equivalent (SB 1153) proposed by Senator Joey Hensley (R-Hohenwald), would repeal that statute and label the child as illegitimate despite the couple being married and both consenting. 
Punished by God for God's fucking over their ability to have children. That's like a food company suing you because you got food poisoning from their meat being contaminated with E. coli. Logicbomb.
I hope you have success.  I apologize if my comment came across crass -- I recognize that this procedure requires an enormous amount of capital, which is why I believe that if couples were willing to take on that amount of debt for a child, they would be willing to look for ways around this state atrocity.  Laws should be made to protect the well-being of the public, not basically force law-abiding people to jump through flaming hoops.
Not just scripted but required in some cases, if the Bible is to be believed 100%.
Glorious Xwedodah!
Daughter and Father - Genesis, Lot's daughters got him drunk and had sex with him.
Don't forget parents having children with their children.
I've heard father daughter is a thing too.
Well it doesn't count if theys married *spits dip*
Big 3 insurance company employee here 12+ years...Insurance companies can choose to offer or not offer fertility treatment coverage as it stands today. Carrier/plan discretion. What they cannot do is deny coverage for a dependent child that is under legal guardianship of the primary insured regardless of how that child was conceived or obtained. Examples are IVF, IUI, surrogate, adoption, etc. Insurance companies would die a quick death in the market if they ever chose that philosophy, among many other things. 
Where do you get that idea? Even stepchildren can be covered, never mind bastards.
Then vote for the party that wants to give people the rights they need to be left alone, not the one that wants to take rights away. 
Some sacrifices have to be made to protect us from the gays.*- possibly Rep. Terry Lynn Weaver*
That too 
This is about children born through artificial insemination, NOT who the parents actually are. It removes the parental rights of parents of children born through artificial insemination.It is a different meaning of 'illegitimate.' 
I'm not Christian (or even religious at all), but this to me seems akin to telling random Muslim people fuck you for ISIS buddy.
Unfortunately, faith has been used as a justification for a great many wrong things by people who just plain terrible human beings.All you can do when you run into it is tell them why they're wrong.
I'm not sure, either. This is artificial inseminaton, nothing with surrogates, unless there's more to it than the article suggests... I don't think this particular thing has anything to do with lgbt issues, but it does seem to have everything to do with the anti-science agenda that keeps being pushed by the far right.
According to at least 1 previous court case, it doesn't  appear that it would.http://archive.knoxnews.com/news/crime-courts/parenting-rights-in-same-sex-divorces-headed-to-a-tennessee-appellate-court-36046f02-b742-54df-e053--384279061.htmlEdit:  Words is hard.
You didn't come across as crass. I just wanted to point out that going through IVF doesn't mean someone has the funds to jump through what usually amounts to extremely expensive legal loopholes. This bill simply doesn't make any sense to me. Would my husband have to adopt his own child? Could the state take the child from him if I were to die? How is it protecting anyone? It doesn't follow the spirit of law. It feels like an attempt to ban science. 
It's not. 
I love it when Cursader Kings 2 leaks
Reporting for duty!
But such legislation would make it easier for all companies offering insurance policies based in TN to drop coverage for those procedures.  For employers in based TN, if those the only policies you can acquire, you're stuck.I know it's a leap to policies that refuse to cover illegitimate children, but on an employer based policy, compliance with the law will become a common excuse/defense.
How do you know who I/the people you are referring to voted for? In this country, there are only two candidates that have any chance, and they may not correspond to your preferences.
Example: a married hetero couple uses donor sperm (artificial insemination) to have a kid. The wife's eggs are used and she carries to term.Correct me if I'm wrong, but you're saying that this law makes neither of them legal parents. Actually, under this law, only the wife would have parental  rights as she is the biological mother and carrier of the child and it's as if she got pregnant on a one night stand.
I see comments akin to that every day on this sub.
Well, we non-Christians aren't having any luck telling your fellow Christians they're wrong. Maybe you could try working from the inside?
I'd found other references to that case. So with that in mind, I still don't understand how this proposed legislation impacts same sex couples. Am I missing something?
It isn't protecting anyone.  I don't live in Tennessee -- I'm from Louisiana, so just an outsider looking in.  However, I feel confidant that the bill is lip service to a voting base, and it won't actually get passed.  Even if it WERE passed, it would likely never be enforced.  Despite what the people in the legislature feel, courts rarely make rulings that are counter to the best interests of children -- and removing children from safe, stable families just because isn't really in any rational judge's to-do list.  
But only when it's convenient for it to not be believed. Or when God changes his mind, like what happened to black people in the 70s
If its not then the entire faith is based on fucking nothing... Oh wait, it is based on nothing!
it's amazing that ck2 always ends up being mentioned when incest or eugenics.
This falls under 'very highly unlikely' to happen although you may have a few employers who think fertility treatments are evil and drop it, as you say. But they can do that now if they want to. The ACA does not require that benefit. 
Because when anyone gets defensive about their vote they know they voted for the wrong person. 
And what grandparent (or sister or other relative), or 'agency' would contest the 'custody' of that lovely heterosexual couple's child. As compared to gay parents? 
They way you have that worded makes it sound like IUI has to use donor sperm of the non-couple, it doesn't. I'm not sure if you loaded the phrasing like that intentionally or not.
Did.  Got kicked out of the club.   *facepalm*
Location has a lot to do with it. Most modern Christians don't have anything to do with the bible belt and abhor the backwards, hypocritical nonsense that pervades the region. We're not on the inside, and they are not fellows, given that this sort of thing is in direct opposition to Jesus' teachings.
As someone who would be on the heterosexual couple and fertility procedures end of this spectrum, it still damages me.But coupled with the legislation introduced in January to define husband and wife by biological gender, it does appear to be written to promote a traditional conservative belief system.  Not to mention that the prior rulings still could be appealed federally, and this bill would render that ruling unnecessary for LGBT cases.
I looked into it a bit more and it seems to only be directed at couples who have to use an egg or sperm donor. So it does appear to be more of an attack on the LGBT community. From what I read, it's in response to a lesbian couple fighting for custody. I will still be contacting my representative to express my distaste for this bill. 
It served and does serve an extremely important purpose. For people that can't cope with nothingness in death, it provides answers. I personally believe it was also used to help the Roman society manage their empire.
You win this thread, but there will be More! 
Exactly. You tried telling them they're wrong *and they won't be told*. Do you see why some of us might be just a *little* bit frustrated with Christians and Christianity? 
> given that this sort of thing is in direct opposition to Jesus' teachings.Unfortunately, the [no true Christian](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/No_true_Scotsman) doesn't hold water when there are 30,000 denominations of Christianity - and they're all picking and choosing the bits of the Bible they like. Just like you. 
And also helping pedophiles touch lil kids. 
Yeah, I do.  I also know I am not a rarity and there are plenty of progressive Christians who are equally as tired of this mess.  I caution folks to not paint all Christians with the same brush, because it takes an ally and makes them an enemy for no good reason.
I remember learning that Teavana uses chemical flavor enhancers and has oddly high levels of pesticides on their leaves all supported by cited articles.I went back to page recently, and it has completely changed into a nicely curated corporate advertisement for Teavana.Edit: OK, who did this? http://i.imgur.com/wR1ckny.jpg
There's a handful of highly autistic users that constantly edit and re-edit pages if someone else changes something. They act as if they're the owners of the page even though that's the antithesis of what Wikipedia is supposed to be. 
They even revert your edits when you correct their spelling.
In elementary school, I sneakily edited the word butt into a Wikipedia article on George Washington. It was gone in 10 minutes.
I was a Wikipedia administrator. I've seen both sides. Yeah there's a lot of abuse that goes on, but there is also an absolutely staggering amount of DEAR SIR I MUST INFORM YOU THAT YOUR RECENT EDIT TO THE ARTICLE ABOUT [RANDOM INDIAN TEMPLE] WAS BIASED AND RACIST AND I MUST OBLIGE YOU TO REVERT IT IMMEDIATELY!!!!!!! Note that if you change the article as per the request three other Indian people will accuse you of being racist against an ethnic group you've never even heard of, and report you to an abuse board where you will have to answer dozens of tendentious questions asked by preening wannabe-adminsIt is a very easy environment to burn out in, hence why this post is in the past tenseEDIT: Wanna see what it takes to be a Wikipedia administrator? Feast your eyes on [this wonder](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:Requests_for_adminship/Oshwah_2)
That reminds me of the whole controversy with the BHUUUUUTTAAAAANEEEEEESSSEEEE PAAAAAASSSSSSPPPPOOOORRRRTTTT audio in the Bhutanese Passport wiki article. The audio version of the article was so horrendously enunciated (but also extremely funny) with a very thick Bhutanese accent that many editors wanted to replace it with a better one. However, since the audio was made by a Bhutanese person, other editors thought it might be racist to replace the hilariously terrible audio version of the article, but other editors thought it was recorded precisely like that as a sort of racist joke. And so a fierce debate took place that kept that audio in place for quite a while even after it went viral. Eventually it was replaced with a recording that had a British accent.
I was reading a page once on the history of the Ford Thunderbird. I'm pretty deep into the page and tacked onto the end of a paragraph is your mom's tittiesssssssss. I've always wondered what the hell was going on with this person that thy felt the need to put this in there.
The power editor cabal on Wikipedia is so venomous they would murder and kill to retain their powers
I'm a wikipedia editor and here's some of the issues with the site:- The mods have full power to ban you as they please. They can even ban you from your own talk page.- Banning doesn't work. I have like 6 devices and 6 networks. I got banned because I got into something personal with a mod and it became an edit war. I made a new account to fix the article since my first account was banned, and then got accused of being a sockpuppet.  As soon as I got banned, I created 4 new accounts and playing whack-a-mole to track all of those down is going to be tough.- No one really goes through to check sources unless its to discredit you. No one has time for that. I sourced something that spelled the person's name wrong. Is that a good source? No. Is it a wikipedia worthy source? It is now. You can even add commentary and your own POV if you hide it behind sources.- If you put up an article that needs some work, the first move is to delete it, not help get it up to par. This makes new editors say screw it, it's not worth the trouble.- It is almost impossible to find a neutral source on anything political right now. For every CNN, there's a Breitbart and the list goes on and on. Some of the Trump stuff that gets posted looks like it came from twitter.- Finding sources is very difficult when it pertains to old, foreign or obscure information. - The site doesn't allow blogs or social media as sources. I used a source from a personal blog about that person's height and it was immediately discredited. I trust that this person knows their own height better than someone else does.- People patrol articles they don't know about. I can tell you anything you want to know about wrestling since I've been watching for over 25 years. I don't watch baseball and shouldn't be able to touch a baseball article.The site is just set up for people to go on power-trips and the site ensures that little interesting information actually makes it on the site.
I used to spend an ungodly amount of time editing Wikipedia pages. But after awhile I just got fed up with power-tripping editors and occasional trolls.  I watched several others, ***especially women***, give up and leave. Most of Wikipedia's problems would disappear if they got rid of anonymous editing. There's no reason why, at least for the English version, anyone needs to be anonymous. All it does is invite abuse. For this reason I stopped giving the site any money. Clean house and I will resume donating. 
Zipfs Law, 20% of causes are responsible for 80% of effects. 
I wonder if this statistic holds true in other realms of life like school, work, sports and government.  
And every one of them is a editor, right?Almost all the shenanigans I've seen on Wikipedia have been done by the editors rather than average users maliciously changing/adding content.
There is a [whole sub](https://www.reddit.com/r/WikiInAction/) dedicated to the corruption of wikipedia.
I hate the bias on Wikipedia. Will never donate to support it.
So, much like the rest of the internet at large?     
9%? That feels like an absurdly high number to me... anyone else feel this way? 
Scientology-owned networks are banned from editing Scientology articles: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Church_of_Scientology_editing_on_Wikipedia
wikipedia operates by giving all the power to a few cliques of veteran editors. These editors effectively always get their way because they can instantly silence anyone new who pops up and dares speak against them.They control whatever articles they like and bend the rules using sources that don't belong or heavily putting a political spin on the articles to match their personal biases. You can try to fix the articles and you can try to get these people taken off the tasks, but anyone who tries either will just be banned from posting. If too many speak up, the admins make it so that only someone with X amount of experience gets to talk at all. Only when their edit-warring becomes too toxic and proof of it is caught do any of them get punished, though it's rare and they will almost always get bailed out by the rest of their group. If they do get banned or their admin rights revoked, they just move on to rationalwiki and the next jackass in line from that clique takes the reigns.  
That percentage is actually lower that I would have thought; I expected it to be closer t0 25% or 30%. 
I wish they'd name usernames. Wikipedia has a bad habit of giving a pass to productive editors - and certain individuals exploited that. I'd love to see if some of the nasties I came across made the list.
The best part of supervised machine learning is that you, yourself, get to decide what's classified as toxic and what isn't before training the model. And then you hand that model to people who see it as a black box when deciding to give it sweeping implementations within their platform.I can't possibly see anything problematic with this approach /s
>This finding bolsters the idea that problems in online communities often come from a small minority of highly vocal users.I could have saved them all kinds of time and money.   All they had to do was ask me. 
I'm calling straight-up bullshit on this one. Toxic has no concrete definition, and often just seems to identify people who are disliked in online communities. I guarantee that the toxic users didn't start out as assholes.
If that's on wikipedia... how bad is it on reddit?
Toxic language: internet slang and acronyms. They decrease English comprehension and understanding of the language and its forms. Ban that. 
In other words, the top 1% of the top 1% are responsible for 9% of the abuse on this site, that affects the bottom 99% of the bottom 99%. That, folks, is not right.
That pretty much describes every workplace of mine.  10% of any group seems to create 90% of the trouble.
Shoot wanna see a prime example of Wikipedia user craziness.  Look up gamer gate and ryulong.  
In 1914, Serbian DJs tossed a mixtape and a Walkman player into Franz Ferdinand's Tesla. He gave it a listen and his head blew up at the sick beats
That was a great article with a nearly pointless headline.
Check out Bernie Sanders' cause of death, lol
It's hilarious going on Wikipedia for contemporary art. Most of the mods have the same knee jerk hatred for it that you see from neckbeards anywhere else on the internet, so there's this absurd level of scrutiny for notability. Meanwhile I bet the main entry for Transformers is like 75,000 words long. 
I imagine them like the trolls in south park.
Gee, let me guess... are all of the toxic editors non-feminists/non-leftists?
A question I didn't see answered in this article:  Are these highly toxic editors abusing innocent users, or are they only making ad hominem attacks on people who are obviously trolling?  Because if it's the latter, who cares?
I remember the times when people had some cohones. What good times they ware. These days everyone gets offended by the smallest things and everyone is toxic and abusive
Had to check after you mentioned it. That is absolutely ridiculous. I went to check a company I used to work for on Wikipedia who had a rather major court case against them about 10 years ago that was featured on Wikipedia with all the details of who, what, where, when, why and such. It's gone now, and nowhere to be seen.
I just looked at all the Teavana edits and I noticed indeed how it became a big promotional page with a big Giving Back block.  I saw where they removed your edits, and that same user sprinkled comments about how they support Equitrade teas that benefit the regions where they grow them.  Why would your average Wikipedia user add that?Wikipedia is really not supposed to be a promotional mouthpiece for business owners and their PR firms, and I find it disturbing that some of the ordinary users on there seem to be assisting with this practice, removing criticism blocks, and making this the normal style.
>Supporting Youth Boys[edit]>In April 2014, Jared Fogle may have collaborated with an unnamed tea firm that some have speculated to be Teavana for the purposes of developing a tea called Jared's Sleepy Time Tea, along with additional tea accessories. For every sale of Fogle products, Fogle was allegedly to have made a donation to the Jared Fogle Academy which ostensibly supported youth sexual education and funded the Jared Fogle Leadership Academy for Lads in South Jersey. Fogle is rumored to have described the tea as, a bold infusion of cinnamon, ginger, quaaludes and cloves, blended with loose-leaf black tea and rooibos. Nearly $5M has been raised in support of sexual education for young people with the sleepy time tea, sources say. Partially as a result of the partnership, Fogle was sentenced to 15 years in prison in 2015 after pleading guilty to child pornography-related charges. Some have alleged that Fogle would use the sleepy time tea to drug his unwitting victims, then snap nude pictures of them as they slept. Around this same time frame, Teavana was known to have partnered with Oprah to sell tea funding an organization that encourages young girls to be strong, smart, and bold while providing them with experiences to help them when looking towards higher education and career paths. Teavana has donated $100,000 to benefit young women across the U.S. and Canada, helping them transition between high school and college.[10] They have not specifically addressed the allegations that they collaborated with Fogle in the development of Sleepy Time Tea. [wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Teavana?wteswitched=1)Which one of you did this?
Yep.  That sort of thing is pretty common from what I have observed.  Another thing that is common that I've noticed is for people to go in and put misinformation or highly biased information on Wikipedia.  I remember I was looking at something about human rights and the person who edited it basically took a big Daily Mail dump all over the page.  Hardly a fact in sight.
As a history major, the amount of wehraboo propaganda in WWII articles is pretty disheartening.  Along with the number of people who's knowledge of the Eastern Front is apparently entirely derived from watching Enemy at the Gates.
Wikipedia's got to keep the lights on somehow... (This is why certain types of media should be publicly funded.)
Yeah, Wikipedia...as much as they are in need of money, have apparently sold out.Just look at their definition of white pride vs black pride or  anything regarding Donald Trump.  Look, I never wanted Donald Trump, but I would gladly take him over Clinton Vs Bush 3.0. They make Hillary seem like a gentle old grandmother who was cheated out of her rightful position...instead of a corrupt politician who is riding on the coat tails of her husband who has plenty of skeletons in his closet.
And they don't take too kindly to what they think they know being replaced with cited facts.  
A lot are power users who will follow you around reverting your edits if you revert one of theirs after you win a discussion. There are also groups of users that sit on extremely biased articles like the New Years Germany Rapes or Terrorism in Europe and revert any attempt to make the articles more neutral.
They should just lock down editing for a couple months and they'd be off to something else 
I've tried to add information to a page and been banned for it
It surprises me any one user can edit these pages. Wikipedia doesn't form committee of users interested in editing pages with a high volume of edits and/or information? 
Have the same problem. Have the guy who constantly edited his side of view and accuses me of being one-sided when I tried to make it as gender neutral.
I refer to them as the gate keepers. Whenever a politician is elected, a judge selected, etc, a giant fucking editing war ensues between these gate keepers and trolls. It cracks me up every time. 
Using autism as an insult? You totes must be a really cool badass.
Or they'll revert an entire edit because you have a spelling/formatting error (that's the supposed reason anyway).  The whole fucking thing.
Can confirm, was editor and admin on Wikipedia.
Elementary school?! Ugh I'm old.
Wikipedia? Did you find that with AltaVista?
Jesus, that is a special brand of autism that you linked. 
Well, it was you Americans who put our plebs on computers with those call centre jobs. Now enjoy the fight between thousands of sub-castes. On a more serious note, I am happy that Indians are serious about documenting the world around them, finally. 
Same thing that happens with Reddit mods - the incentive structure in place generally only attracts those with a lot of free time and who value meaningless status and power. Because there's no other *greater* reward for being in the position at all. Altruism only goes so far, and someone doing something for altruistic reasons is unlikely to fight as dirty as someone doing it for selfish reasons. 
I just read through that whole thing. I'm impressed at the thoroughness of the process, but glad it happens that way. Thank you for your service. What rank lies above admin, i.e. WJBscribe?
God Bless your souls.Honestly, having to go through all of that to be even considered an admin and then have to answer to the people around you when you go against consensus is way beyond my patience.Makes me sad there's no super-admin that just goes around banning everyone for giggles.
Dear god, the only people that would go through that kind of nonsense are people that are being paid to influence Wikipedia and masochists. 
Hey, Wikipedia admin, I need some serious help with the other person. But unless you have some serious knowledge into someone's work.
I want a tron style skit of this.
Was your intention to make people read that fake letter [Monty Python style](https://youtu.be/Xc9gGwt4eAU)? Becayse if so, you have succeeded.
Holy shit, this is the funniest thing I've heard in weeks. [Link for anyone else who has never heard it.](https://youtube.com/watch?v=BfvfDPHp1X4)Is that really unedited? I am struggling to believe it. That voice is unreal.
It's like parody.
It was probably /u/squirrels33
Some people are just idiots. 
(US citizen here)  I once spent six weeks in Japan, four weeks working on a contract, with a week before and after of traveling.  Of course I realized there are a lot of idiots in the US who will destroy and deface anything on a public street which there to be destroyed and defaced.  But it was like the twilight zone for me to experience Japan: there were public art displays, even somewhat fragile ones, and they were right there on the sidewalk and nobody fucked it over.  The only litter I saw was when a garbage can in a busy street was overflowing, and yet people diligently stacked their garbage in a neat ring around the base of the garbage can.I didn't realize what a psychic load I was carrying in the US against this omnipresent reminder that I'm surrounded by assholes who have no civic pride.So, why titties?  Same reason dicks smash store windows and think it is clever.
I wonder how long it was there
Middle schooler?
It's funny how a website I use mainly to look up musicians and puppies has such a vicious underbelly.  
/r/wikiinaction has some great wiki bullshit. 
>- The site doesn't allow blogs or social media as sources. I used a source from a personal blog about that person's height and it was immediately discredited. I trust that this person knows their own height better than someone else does.Wait... so if our current president says something on Twitter, you have to cite a secondary source giving hearsay about his Twitter account instead of being able to cite the primary source?Are all primary sources banned?
There's one person who have trouble with and his name is Binksternet. He's constantly aggressive and have his friends back up on his opinions regardless of whether it's wrong or not, and I have no one to back me up with. I need help :(
> I trust that this person knows their own height better than someone else does.As a basketball fan I wouldn't.
>Banning doesn't work. I have like 6 devices and 6 networks. I got banned because I got into something personal with a mod and it became an edit war. I made a new account to fix the article since my first account was banned, and then got accused of being a sockpuppet. As soon as I got banned, I created 4 new accounts and playing whack-a-mole to track all of those down is going to be tough.It sounds like you're all kinda nuts to be honest.Side note: I wonder if according to google's algorithm if my comment would be labeled as a personal attack or not.
Way back when Wikipedia was just becoming well known I came across an article on a basic concept in the field I'm an expert in.  It was factually incorrect and poorly written, so I spent about an hour fixing it up and correcting it.  Thought I was doing a good service.About 10 minutes later it got reverted by an 18 year old, and that was my last Wikipedia edit ever.  I doubt there are many actual experts that will waste their time defending an article and playing internet games, so the whole thing turns to garbage.
> Almost immediately, they found that they could debunk the time-worn idea that anonymity leads to abuse.The linked article says something different:>  Almost immediately, they found that they could debunk the time-worn idea that anonymity leads to abuse. Although anonymous comments are six times more likely to be an attack, they represent less than half of all attacks on Wikipedia. 
> Most of Wikipedia's problems would disappear if they got rid of anonymous editing.the article states that this was not what they found.
It's essentially an example of the Pareto Principle. If 20% of your users are responsible for 80% of your problems and you have a million users, a tiny handful of those users are probably responsible for 10% of your problems.
There isn't any distinction between an average user and an editor. Literally everyone who edits is an editor, that's what the word means.
I'm not sure you truly undersstand what a wiki is...
The place attracts people who enjoy correcting people who they view as wrong.  There is no pay, just a bit of power over people and information and the chance to make their version of the truth the accepted one.  Altruism can only take you so far, eventually people who only want to help will be driven out.Attracting 9% trolls and shills sounds a little conservative.
they used lots of humans who voted on what was toxic to build the training set.
It doesn't matter nearly as much on reddit. Posts are gone quickly and the social upvoting might mute that kind of effect.
Linguists would likely disagree. It is merely an organic, living vernacular. It's like complaining when someone says something is on fleek then going on to say something else is cool. 
Likely predominantly right wing, but not for the reason you think.  The problem isn't opposing viewpoints, but letting biases get in the way of providing accurate information.  I'll give you an example I actually saw.  There was an article about a judicial body.  Now, for a factual article about such a topic, it would be reasonable to include basic information about aspects such as history, structure, personnel, procedure, any particularly relevant legislation (if applicable), and maybe some case law, if it is really important.  This article did not include anything but a selection of cases that were controversial (and were not landmark cases either, just really anecdotal).  Worse, what information was included was cited purely from opinion pieces in less reputable publications, including for statements of fact.Explain to me how this sort of thing serves the purpose of informing anyone.  I'm not saying that only conservative people engage in this sort of thing, but it's just more common that they do, especially these days.  Either way, bias is bias and I treat it all the same - I hate it.
the article states they were looking at personal attacks.
If it's the latter, Wikipedia cares. It's their community. There's no *good* reason for attacking people.
the article states that they were looking at personal attacks.
You can go back through the history to find when that was removed and revert the article back to the way it was.
I used to work for a company that implements security hardware/software.  One day one of our competitors got it in mind to attach links on the pages of algorithms [like AES] to white papers on their website.Naturally I had the revisions removed..  Which started a flame war about whether it's cool to link **whitepapers** on wikipedia.  Some people have no shame.
This is some scientology level coverup.
They're not being very shy about it either. Here's a comment from one of the edits:*Removed yixing teapots from products teavana carries. (We discontinued selling them a couple years ago)*
It's surprising, but at the same time it really isn't. How could corporations NOT do everything in their power to subvert a front-page presence like wikipedia? 
Hopefully this look they're taking at moderation will help this problem.
Wikipedia isn't supposed to be for criticizing a corporate practice you don't agree with either. I mean, I'm pretty sure it's meant to be an objective information source.
FatDickSteve of course.
Well that is creative thinking. 
It's also common for random Wikipedia users to add useful and true information to an article, but the original article writer is notified automatically of the edit, gets territorial, and removes it.
I remember the Gamergate wiki page, and pages about certain anti-GG feminists being extremely biased too.
My pet peeve is the fact that any time the word correlation is used, someone feels the need to edit in a phrase correlation is not causastion
In fairness, that's a great movie.
They're probably the same people that rioted and assaulted people because they lost a democratic election. 
I had a wiki stalker once. Used to revert everything. So, I decided to just do dozens of edits on spelling errors. 
> New Years Germany Rapes or Terrorism in Europe and revert any attempt to make the articles more neutral.More neutral?
They did, on the [IP addresses coming from Capitol Hill](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/CongressEdits). Politician's assistants and PR heads like to adjust wording or delete information about their bosses constantly. It got so bad that Wikipedia had to do a temporary ban on IP addresses from that location. Now they have a watchdog twitter account that tweets everytime a change is suggested via the IP Capitol Hill address.
I find that the problem with Wikipedia is that so many people have been driven away, it is actually quite easy to come in under the radar. 
They absolutely do. Most articles have frequent editors that maintain the page.
It isn't necessarily an insult, it is definitely something an actual autistic person would do.
Son is autistic. Not offended as this is likely what's actually going on.  Hyper focus on something to the level that anyone else considers obsession is a trademark of autistic behavior.   
suck a shit, sperg
What happened? Why are you no longer one?
It was like 2001.
No kidding. I took typing in 7th grade and we didn't get home internet until 8th. Probably still young in  the scheme of things though. 
I took an arrow in the knee in 2001.
> *Did you find that with AltaVista?*AltaVista is for AOL users. Pros use AstaLaVista... baby.
2001 was a rough estimate. I can't remember that far back.
Wait, are you equating Wikipedia with AltaVista?
I won't tell you my username, but I went through the process in 2006 when it was much less onerous
I weaponized this knowledge once. My mom is in charge of the accounting department at her company, and she had just hired a woman who was a recent immigrant from I want to say Maharashtra. So as a prank, I said hey mom! Next time you want a laugh, ask Nidya what she thinks about the people from the other parts of India! My mom said that she ranted for at least 45 minutes
Above admin is [bureaucrat](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:Bureaucrats)
Omg, it sounds like a character from Little Britain
As it turned out, the Bhutanese guy did in fact made it sound like that on purpose as a troll audio.
Sounds like Hong Kong Henry Zebrowski.
Its not just the voice, its the subtle delay and autotune added to it that really makes it.
That's because we (Americans) don't instill any civic pride.When was the last time you saw kids cleaning their school? How many students (or parents) are really involved in their local communities?
Try and edit anything, it will be deleted instantly. And if the edit was of merit one of the power editors will then do it themselves for credit.Try and push your way into being an accepted editor while disagreeing with progressive identity politics too. They will doxx you
> Are all primary sources banned?No, but actually Wikipedia prefers secondary sources to primary sources.https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:No_original_research#Primary.2C_secondary_and_tertiary_sourcesThere's a good reason for this in many cases, but it also leads to pedantic autismos reverting perfectly fine edits with reliable sources because the source used was a primary source.
Even the NBA teams lie about sizes and heights. I forget who the one person is, maybe KD, but he wants to be 6'10.
I had some pictures of a very secluded arctic location up on the wiki article for 10+ years, mine were the only photos.I updated the pics with higher resolution ones. I licensed them public.This update caught the eyes of the power user and they reverted the edit within minutes, citing no personal photos allowed. They also removed my original photos that were on there for 10 years.Now the article is just a few lines of text with no pictures. Last time for me editing anything on wiki.
Did you cite your sources? Otherwise, it just looks like vandalism and you (as a primary source) are considered unreliable. You need reliable, third-party sources. In the event that they are reverting valid edits, you can request protection and intervention from either mods or admins. I forget who handled that.
Makes me think of irate customers.  I don't think I ever had one who had just called tech support for the first time; it was always toxic people who had behaved the same way, like, 30 times previously.
And people don't see Reddit as an authoritative source of information.
Is that what on fleek means?
linguists have a stick up their ass about everything. There is nothing they can agree on except what is asinine.And yes I am ready to boldly go there.
Wikipedia has one article for the Honor Harrington book series, under the title Honorverse, and another for the Honor Harrington character, under the title, Honor Harrington.  That second page contains a major spoiler in the very first line, which is picked up by Google, and appears in the second Google search result for Honor Harrington.There are two Wikipedia editors who have essentially declared the page their personal fiefdom, and stridently defend the presence of this spoiler on the talk page. They are incredibly rude and dismissive, and use all the typical wikilawyering tactics and threats.  They also cite the Wikipedia policy on spoilers while completely ignoring point 3 of the rationale:>Sections that frequently contain spoiler warningssuch as plot summaries, episode lists, character descriptions, etc.were already clearly named to indicate that they contain plot details. Therefore, further disclaimers would be redundant and unnecessary.Whether there is a good reason for *attacking* these two chucklefucks is not in question.  The question is whether there is a good reason for blinding them so that they can never read a book again. (I'd say there isn't, but it comes close.)
Well... not on *Wikipedia* there isn't...
Yes. If you see this shit please do this and flag the page. 
sure, if you'd like to get your IP range banned. A rando trying to revert changes wiil be about as fruitful as arguing with a mod in /r/The_Donald.
Pardon the stupid and inability to google, but what is a whitepaper?
That is hilariously blatant
I will say, despite that being a primary source and unreliable, that's not really nefarious. It was also removing something unsourced.
What is wrong with this? I mean, they are the ones who are going to be most concerned about what their Wikipedia page says after all. Frankly it is a little ridiculous to assume that a company would never edit their wiki page. 
Indeed.  I expect that every large corporation has people specifically employed to troll the internet and do things like edit wikipedia, post misleading product reviews and comments, etc.
I can't speak to that - I've never even visited that page.  If I have time, I might have a look at the history and see how it compares (although I'm guessing it is quite a few edits back by now...).
Reddit: where everyone tries to make shit political. Can't we just poke fun at autistic people like everyone else on the internet? /s
That sounds super difficult to circumvent.
The person I was replying to was definitely using it as an insult. Autism was irrelevant in this discussion and they used it to show some Wikipedia users in a negative light.
Wew, thanks for your valuable insight, /u/CrushDatVag.
2001?! Ungh, I'm old as well.
2001 was a good year. 
2001? You old fart
I remembers. I'm pretty sure I still have a Win2k CD key from AstaLaVista written on a floppy somewhere.
Wikipedia was founded in Jan. 2001. So it wasn't really a thing yet. In 2001, Google hadn't risen to the top yet (or at least I didn't think it did) so you might use a search engine like AltaVista to find an article on an obscure website like Wikipedia was at the time. 
could you imagine if that level of autism could be weaponized ? 
Well I lived deep in Maharashtra for 7 years and those people can get sort of xenophobic against working class people from other states (sometimes rightly so). I think a bit of pride and delusion about one's own state/ community is good. Then you try to one up your neighbours and thus create traditions and structures your progeny would be proud of. Its basically what happened in Europe when nation states were established.
Those articles are for British eyes only.
I can understand why you wouldn't want primary sources in some cases.For instance, people have strong motives to lie about their own accomplishments and their own shortcomings.Depending on the someone else, someone else might be less biased.But for citation of a ***quote*** from published material, the primary published material should be the preferred source...
Escalate the issue. There's an entire side of Wikipedia specifically designed to prevent abuse like this.
No one actually knows. 
Not exactly, but cool is a word reappropriated as slang for good. I was using it as an example of people not being aware of the amount of vernacular verbiage that they use, while complaining about others' poor use of language. 
Shit, that article is long. I'm not sure what the spoiler is though. It does have an excessive length tag, so someone is paying attention. For my perspective I'm mostly interested in the obscure stub length articles that never get any attention. This article being stupidly in depth doesn't really affect me, even if it does make it harder to read through such minutiae. 
Nah, I can't think of a good reason to ever just lob an insult. Not that I don't ever do it, but I try to refrain. Certainly so in the academic realm.Thing is it doesn't convince them anything, it doesn't explain anything, it doesn't have a point other than to just get at them. It's what a personal attack is, definitely. Something meant primarily to hurt. All it does is label you stupid, and often your argument as well, regardless of its merit otherwise.
The more people do this, the more likely professors will allow us to cite it.
This isn't true. 
[citation needed]
> A white paper is an authoritative report or guide that informs readers concisely about a complex issue and presents the issuing body's philosophy on the matter. It is meant to help readers understand an issue, solve a problem, or make a decision.  Which makes it sounds like it's a good source of info... and it can be. But it's not the source material you cite. It's something any rando person can write up about a topic to provide clarity for an audience or group.  I'm a professional writer and I've written white papers on a range of topics. Mankind would not benefit if those were linked on wikipedia, even if they were (and they were) well-written.  
However, scrubbing it of any criticism, valid or otherwise, isn't the best thing.
The subject of a Wikipedia article isn't supposed to edit their own article, mostly because of the [conflict of interest.](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:Conflict_of_interest)
I was really involved in this shitshow. What do you want to know.https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:Arbitration/Requests/Case/GamerGate
Do it from their offices in their home districts, do it from a personal place, do it from a coffee shop, etc. 
It isn't irrelevant if autistic users are actually abusers on wikipedia. It wouldn't be surprising if they were.
No, obsessive behavior is a classic behavior of autistic people.  If a person with autism obsesses over certain Wikipedia pages, with their disorder making them focus on the page remaining the way they are comfortable with, then they would be dedicated to keeping the page intact and obsessive about changing it back if it is edited.In this case, their autism **is** relevant to why they behave this way.
I was born in 2001
Found the terrorist. 
isn't that when they found that monolith on the moon? Whatever happened to the expedition that took place after it? Never really heard back from them. 
I don't follow. Why would AltaVista be used as search engine for anything decades after it has been made irrelevant? Wikipedia is far, far, far less obscure than AltaVista.
It was. How do you think 4chan elected Trump?
Don't you dare suggest such a thing. It would be like the discovery of the atomic(autismic?) bomb all over again.
That is so on fleek
[See URL for potential spoiler.](https://www.reddit.com/married_name.)
No legitimate university work will *ever* cite an encyclopedia. Any good encyclopedia will cite *their* sources, so there's no reason to cite the encyclopedia.
I'm a teacher and I will never allow a HS student cite wiki. THAT SAID, it is an excellent place to start your research journey. Anonymous authors should never be cited, but wiki is a great resource for background info and finding sources that support said info. 
Even prior to Wikipedia, encyclopedias were not an appropriate source. You should be going to the original work.
They don't let you cite it because it's untraceable, not because it's inaccurate. The page might have changed between when you wrote your paper and when a curious individual reads it.
Never happen because wikis by design are mutable. Information that you may have used for your paper might be deleted, never to return, by the time someone else wants to follow up your sources. That's the main reason you cite things, so future researchers using your work can backtrack how you did things and look for themselves. 
Yeah it randos removed it, randos can bring it back
It very much depends on the topic and industry. For instance, with a lot of software the only information that's getting published is going to be in whitepaper form, because CS departments rarely have any interest in actually publishing things about real-life applications of software.That said, who's publishing the whitepaper is important. Is it Microsoft talking about how to implement/benchmark something in Windows? Probably pretty good and it's a decent source. Is it totallysweettechblog.com? Maybe not so much.
Indeed, removing information should be guarded against
Or do it with a VPN.
But then they wouldn't get paid. (I mean, they wouldn't be on the clock, you know?)
No one was talking about autism here. Our friend here simply brought it up out of nowhere as an insult. Also, citation needed.
It's also a classic behavior of people with OCD (and a number of other mental disorders), but nobody's singling that out. I wonder why. And obsessions are not limited to people with mental disorders.
You were born in 2001???? Ugh, I'm old as well :(
2001?!?!? Ugh, I'm old as well.
I like how this post is controversial. The very statement of, I was born in 2001 is so upsetting to some folks that they will downvote it out of, I assume, spite.
> *I was born in 2001[.]*I was on the verge of collecting retirement when you were born.
/u/squirrels33 did this in 2001 according to their other comment. 
Not really true. All edits are logged and in fact you can link to a specific revision of an article.
when I was in college I would just use wikipedia and use as my source books in the school library that sounded like they had the information I needed.What? The class is like 100 students and we need 3 sources each. You think some TA is going to go bother finding that one book and calling me out on this?
Well if that's the problem why don't students just tag the time it was used as a source?
They drew first blood, not me. - John Rando
Well even from Microsoft, explicitly as a white paper, it is not written as to be a reference or source of information and likely by a tech writer and not an engineer. It's a summarizing of information from a bird's eye view.   It'd be like quoting a wikipedia entry for another wikipedia entry. The info could be totally legit, but in the chain of sourcing and reliability, they're at the bottom of the list and banned for a reason. 
They could block known VPN edits though. I've been blocked from doing things because I was using a known VPN ISP.
I get paid for work I do at home, why wouldn't they?
Your entire argument is incredibly autistic
Okay, here are the relevant symptoms from [Harvard health](https://www.helpguide.org/articles/autism/autism-spectrum-disorders.htm):- Preoccupation with a narrow topic of interest, sometimes involving numbers or symbols (maps, license plates, sports statistics)- A strong need for sameness, order, and routines (e.g. lines up toys, follows a rigid schedule). Gets upset by change in their routine or environment.- Obsessive attachment to unusual objects (rubber bands, keys, light switches)The first specifies which pages they would become most obsessive about, and involve what 'facts' they choose to ascribe too. The second explains their need to keep the page unaltered. In the last case it would be obsessive attachment to the pages they edit.I mean, I can understand how autism could be used as an insult here, but it also actually applies quite readily to some of the problems wikipedia faces.
I'm curious, are you deflecting because you or someone you love is on the spectrum?You're correct, there are other reasons why people would hover on a page.  All I was saying is that the person who brought it up wasn't using autism as an insult, just stating his/her experiences with specific people who are autistic.
I was a junior in high school in 2001.
Maybe you are right. I'm open to discussion. What is your point? If it's to discredit that they used Wikipedia before it became mainstream then you are pretending to be some Internet elitist or discrediting Wikipedia. I'm not claiming Wikipedia is infallible, just that associating the two is disingenuous and ignorant. 
Then you could edit the page to say what you want, cite it, and claim it was that way when you checked. Citing Wikipedia is as good as saying trust me.Not to mention, college professors really want you learning to find primary sources like journals, not encyclopedias. 
So far as I know, a proper citation of an online source should include the date accessed, yes. The real reason you can't cite wiki in an academic paper is that it's an encyclopedia, aka collected from other works. If you want to use information in an encyclopedia, you need to get it from the same source the encyclopedia is getting it from.
>It's a summarizing of information from a bird's eye view. Uh, what? Have you read many software whitepapers? Sure, there's the usual marketing drivel which are really ads masquerading as a whitepaper, but most are quite technical in nature.But do tell how [this](https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/mt764316.aspx) is a birds-eye view summary. That was the second result I got from googling microsoft white paper. A lot of the information found in that paper isn't going to be found in any other sources around how Microsoft implemented a database technology.
There's no reason government officials would have to use known VPN providers though. They certainly have the resources to pay for a server.
Boohoo, I don't give a shit.
I asked for a citation proving that autistic users are abusing Wikipedia. I know what the symptoms of autism are. Just where are the stats proving that everyone editing Wikipedia articles is autistic?
It's funny that you're accusing me of deflecting while deflecting in the same exact sentence. This argument isn't about me or my loved ones who may or may not be autistic.
I was 87 in 2001
I was in 2nd grade in 2001! I feel young again!
I was in 6th grade.
I was an adult with a career in 2001.
I think they are just making a joke about the status of the web at the time. Wikipedia was relatively obscure in its beginnings and search engines like Excite, AltaVista, or AskJeeves were popular.
This isn't an argument. I'm making a joke about the internet in 2001 by pointing out how different it was. It's supposed to be funny to imagine a time before Google and Wikipedia were ubiquitous.
> A lot of the information found in that paper isn't going to be found in any other sources around how Microsoft implemented a database technology.  Good point.  
It was a compliment, don't be a bigot.
No one is claiming that everyone editing wikipedia articles is autistic.
No, this discussion is about op's experience and how it doesn't make op insulting to voice it.If you read my second paragraph, I agreed with you that other behaviors can cause the same results.  The problem is, if op didn't have any experiences with people other than the ones that were mentioned, there's no reason to speculate.So, how did I deflect?  
I was 2001 in 87.
Sure, but not all jokes are funny. 
I'm sorry your joke was not funny. It happens. 
Okay, be pedantic then. Can I have a citation proving that there are a handful of highly autistic users abusing Wikipedia articles?
You deflected by making this about me, asking if I'm making these arguments because someone I love is autistic.I'm gonna stop replying now because this ten minute wait time between posts is pretty annoying and I don't wanna deal with it. Peace out.
That's what she said
Serious question, and I mean this in the nicest way possible, are you autistic? I've never seen someone simultaneously no get, and be so angry about, a very benign joke before.
Protest and riot are not synonyms
Uplifting news. Antifa has no place is civil society. Let's use our words people.
Pretty remarkable number considering the huge amount of people that were there that day. 
/r/UpliftingNewsRioters should be punished with the full force of the law. Peaceful protests are always the answer. Arresting rioters will help ward them off.
Isn't it ironic that the snowflakes have become the Domestic Terrorists? 
idiots. ruining their lives for some bs ideology that, in ten years, they will realize was stupid af anyways. the cost of acting a fool is high right now. cannot wait to hear about those incoming berkeley arrests.
It just goes to show sometimes, its all in well having a protest and disagreeing with something, but when you begin to cause collateral damage to a city e.g. Starbucks windows, because they are the Sean Bean of shops, that's when it turns from a protest/riot, to just being a massive dick in general, you are hurting people physically and financially just because of a political opinion.
Let us call them by their proper name - Radical left wing terrorists.
Inauguration day: 100+ arrests of Black Bloc AnarchistsNext day: Women's March with 1 known arrest being a Trump supporter in Minneapolis.Kind of proud of both sides that only one single arrest was actually by a side of the traditional political spectrum.
Interesting how the republicans in this thread are taking these rioters and making them out to be a representation of the left in an attempt to make them look like they're the peaceful and rational side. Mention the racism and violence of Trump supporters, they go ape shit because of generalization, the same shit they do themselves. Just because the far left is shit doesnt make you any better lmao.
I like how everyone on the right blindly assumes that all the rioters were entirely motivated by politics while whining with the idea that rioting is politically counterproductive.
So... shouldn't the title be:&nbsp;**More than 100 Inauguration Day rioters indicted on rioting charges**&nbsp;I'm sorry, destruction of property and violence aren't exactly part of protesting... but, I suppose there are people out there stupid enough to think it is.
Only 100?
Good. Enjoy that felony losers.
Nothing political about a riot clad cop on a horse swinging a baton at you. Just saying, you've never been there . Mob flash points are beyond words. Faults on both sides. Nobody wins. But again, throw your stones you've never been there. I commend your bravery from behind your keyboard. 
These rioters should be protesting against the DNC for giving Trump the easy win.
Nothing ever goes as planned when facing off against a trained militarized force. Some timesYou have to cover your escape. Again, you have never been there. I don't expect you to understand the situation. And your comments are not in response to my comments. You felt that way before you came to this thread
Meanwhile, the other thousands of people protesting...
Yay! Finally some good news. Of course, they only have to wait 10 years and they'll get a professorship out of it, maybe come friends with the future democratic president. That means they'll have to blow some shit up first, but, they've got time still.
Good!  Grown-ups are now in charge, and temper-tantrums won't be tolerated.
Glad to hear it, any violent protester deserves to lose their voting rights and their freedom. 
Trump should've carried a grenade launcher filled with tear gas in the parade and fired it like a shirt cannon 
[removed]
A hundred people eh?So like half the inauguration crowd.
Once peaceful protesting is criminalized there will be no reason to remain peaceful.
[deleted]
It starts with protests, ends in riots. Then the media can twist the story and make everyone look bad from the actions of a few.
Yet there always seems to be rioting when these protestors gather.
But they are symptoms.I find it odd that we expect citizens to all act rationally while our leadership acts more irrationally each day it's in power.
If you're CNN fake news they are 
Agreed - outline the difference if you don't mind. 
Nice ninja edit. You weren't calling to use our words earlier.Do you also advocate against a movement calling for genocide and racial cleansing? Because your post history said that the alt right was doing just fine because of Sessions becoming Attorney General.Funny how that works.Edit:> Sessions was confirmed yesterday and Trump is banning Muslims. Don't worry bout us, everythings going just fine, but thanks for checking in. Subs will come and go but Trump is here for 8 years and Bannon gets more power by the day. Keep making a difference with those reddit posts tho, some good stuff there.Remember that comment? ^Alt right coming out of the woodwork to pretend like they're pro free speech.
OK so I'm not super politically versed. Are you saying anti fascists are bad? That confuses me. I've only heard fascists used for very bad people so why wouldn't we want antifacists? 
The alt-right has no place in civil society. 
Society also has no place for Nazis, the KKK, or alt-right groups. We don't need extremists, we need communication and a willingness to challenge our own opinions to ensure they're accurate and backed with legitimate information regardless of political identification. If you identify with a group and refuse to accept information against your group is accurate, then you're part of the problem. Especially if you insist on being a dick to people as part of your political identity. 
[deleted]
Antifa are the heroes we need and as long as there are fascists operating openly in civil society, they will have a place too. Antifa are why Trumpist fascists are afraid to openly announce their horrific views to the world. They are the reason why Trumpists cannot gather into big mobs and start lynching minorities and gays and leftists. Because the day fascists know there is no one that will fight fire with fire, that is exactly what will happen. We already saw previews at Trump's rallies where a Hindu was attacked because they thought he was Muslim; a black man was sucker punched and his attacker praised by Trump; and many others, each time with the attacks encouraged by Trump.Once the right disavows and denounces all the violence they participated in, then we can debate the merits of antifa. 
Must have been a million, million and half people
blackbloc are always a minority in any crowd. Their ideology is so nuanced weird and fucking dumb its never going to be mainstream. Most people don't even know who these people are really. Hell I bet half the people holding the red and black flags barely understand what they think they are fighting for.
Sure. Just like killing terrorist wing spawn more terrorist. 
Peaceful protesting is fucking useless
ironic indeed. the sensitive snowflakes are not only the domestic terrorists, but are the idiots who are bitching about lbtq and womens rights while they argue to import people that are openly and barbarically murdering gays and women for things that western culture abandoned hundreds of years ago. idiots. 
You don't know WTF was going on, obviously. A bunch of anarchists showed up. It wasn't the protesters, it was the same assholes that go to protests to fuck shit up.
Just because of a political opinion. As if politics aren't more important than any individual. I'm not saying in this case it was correct, but the idea that Starbucks windows are more important than the systematic suffering of immense numbers of people is laughable. 
Seems like a very convenient way for thugs from the right to discredit and smear peaceful protesters. Dress up as black bloc anarchists, vandelize a Starbucks, and then try to blame the left for being violent. It really makes you wonder about the right's obsessive conspiracy theories about paid violent protesters, since everything they hate turns out to be projection.
This is my favorite left argument by far. When someone starts to make them look bad, theyre not with us.
What do you assume their motivations were, if not political? I don't think only the right thinks the antifa riots were political.  Antifa=anti fascist.  They were flying many anarcho-communist flags. I'm sure there were some individuals that just came to fuck shit up, but they were organized under a political ideology. 
Wrong thread?
Did nothing but watched as their message got smeared. 
They'll enjoy the cultural enrichment alright.
The Aryan Brotherhood folk are all in the Whitehouse now 
Good news, peaceful protesting won't be criminalized so you are in the clear.
That's the Women's March, not Inauguration Day.
That didn't happen with the Women's March. Went off without a hitch.
Like when CNN called the Berkeley riots protests?
I'm sure it's the media that isn't on your side.
Protesters: non-violent. Rioters: violent
One argument being put forward for this is that the planned response from law enforcement was significantly different. If you look at pictures of Black Lives Matter protests, often the police show up dressed for combat (body armor, riot shields, etc.). At the women's march, they were wearing their ordinary uniforms. Something like that has a huge psychological impact on a person, and would make the police much less likely to respond to protesters aggressively, which in turn helps to keep the protesters from becoming violent.
> Do you also advocate against a movement calling for genocide and racial cleansing?You mean like this?>http://www.torontosun.com/2017/02/11/black-lives-matter-co-founder-appears-to-label-white-people-defects
The alt right are pro free speech. They are also racist as shit. The two aren't mutually exclusive. I disagree with a lot of people, but it's important to make sure everyone has a voice in society. *I disapprove of what you say, but I will defend to the death your right to say it*Suppression of free speech is a hallmark of fascism. 
The alt right is pro free speech because otherwise they don't get to say what they say.
The problem is not that they're anti-fascist, the problem is that they use tactics that make people sympathetic to the fascists that denounce them. There's a very dark line between vandalism and sabotage. And none of those fuckers really have an appetite for real nonviolent sabotage. I was in that March before they got taken down trying to recruit them. They were fucking amateurs.
Being anti fascist isn't bad as well as being anti communist because they are different ends of the same authoritarian stick, but when groups like Antifa use violence against political ideas they label as 'fascist' it becomes a very slippery slow towards domestic terrorism. I absolutely hate Nazi's with a passion but the people Antifa are targeting are people who they themselves label as a 'fascist' to justify their actions. Often these people they label as fascists are not fascists at all. They just have different opinions politically and are generally center right or left of the political spectrum. Where as Antifa is hard left so everyone is 'right wing' to them so essentially everyone is Nazi's and they therefore justify their violence.
There's space for everybody.
There is no place for liberal extremist either. The biggest dicks so far have been the leftist snowflakes.
Don't forget communists.
Post history does **not** make it any less true.
> Alt right is in full force, maybe because their sub got Nah, it's just becaaure you're acting like a crazy little child saying ridiculous things. 
[removed]
>They are the reason why Trumpists cannot gather into big mobs and start lynching minorities Thanks for the laugh.
You are really delusional
Your ideas are bad because there's nothing to stop you from calling literally anyone a fascist and then justifying violence against them. 
It honestly hurts me that people like you exist in real life.
You live in a fairytale world.
Now, now...  s/he *did* give us context.
A peaceful protest isn't a protest any more than writing a note of disagreement and putting it in your pocket is protesting. Riots have fueled the history of America for centuries 
Well then I hope you go punch someone you think is a nazi and get arrested.
When you guys say snowflakes, you aren't talking about Republicans? Cold, white, and if you put enough of them together, they'll shut down public schools. 
but I didnt say anybody was a protester or a rioter, I was just distinguishing between the two in a protest situation
who the fuck is systematically suffering on us soil other than your leaders child sex slaves or the women that are forced into prostitution as they cross the border illegally? 
Yeah. It's all those Berkeley and Seattle right wingers doing this shit!Jesus Christ. Just acknowledge the left has a fair number of jacked-up shitbags and try and solve it.
You really are out of touch with reality.
Ironic sentiment coming from the right side dont you think?
I haven't seen any evidence that these rioters were genuinely motivated by politics. Many times, criminals are eager to use the guise of civil unrest to commit nefarious activities.The left describes some 70 million Americans and about 70 million of those Americans did not riot.
I think you mean, the cops did nothing but focus on the peaceful protesters. If the protesters went around trying to stop it then the riot cops would move in. And there would be thousands of arrests. Zero of which would be the anarchists that were rioting.Fuck your bullshit.
I've seen the videos. Some of those peaceful protesters sure seemed awfully happy about the turn of events
The thing about over the top hyperbole is its diminishing returns.Keep crying wolf snowflake. See what happens.
> peaceful protestingGood thing our current government administration only recognizes support of the government's position as a valid cause for 'peaceful protest.' Peaceful protest gets smeared by anarchists, thugs and agent provocateurs. Then the right-wing and POTUS call them a bunch of violent thugs. So, yeah. It can get outlawed. By redefining peaceful protest as riot, using those anarchists that got indicted as justification. You think facts matter to Trump and his mindless minions?
That's fake news, pussyhat.
Any ideas why? What was different about it?
Did it?  I've seen a young girls hair set alight by tolerant progressives at it.  I can post a link if required. 
They were both and they are not mutually exclusive. You probably don't know what that word means.
The only side the media would be on is the side of big money. blue, red it's all the same
Ok, so which one would this be:  >Less than two miles from where Trump and former president Obama joined hundreds of other elected officials at the west front of the U.S. Capitol, anarchists armed with crowbars and hammers marched through the citys streets, toppling over news boxes, smashing bus-stop glass, vandalizing businesses, spray-painting buildings and, in one case, bashing in the windows of a black limousine.https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/local/wp/2017/01/20/inauguration-day-2017-washington-prepares-for-celebration-protests-and-donald-trump/?utm_term=.0c92a04c027f
I don't think they usually show up in riot gear until it's necessary, as is shown by the women's march. But the reason they might show up to things in riot gear is when there are masked people with weapons (such as bricks or crowbars). And I wouldn't blame officers for always responding in riot gear to BLM protests which seem to have a violent tendency. 
>Khogali has a track record of inflammatory, divisive rhetoric.Bait successful.
What exactly is the alt right? I'm pretty conservative but in no way racist and all it does is upset me when people label me like that.
Which is exactly the point of absolutly anyone being pro free speech. 
So what do we do about the people who wan't make space for everybody, such as our current President? Nothing is going to make the fascists listen.
I'm a conservative, but I really can't agree with that with exception of saying fuck all extremists. There are dicks on all sides, but at this point in time I see the biggest dicks are from my own side. I see minimal damaging behavior from the left at this point. Yes, there are idiots, and among them are the 100 people indicted on charges, but the better majority seem angry without being a dick. All I'm seeing here is whatabout,whatabout, HE DID IT! arguments. These have no place beyond a kindergarten classroom.A good example of this are those social conservative issues. Many want to legally be dicks to people who are LGBT by refusing service and/or being able to fire them for it. Others wish to deny them the ability to marry their lover and allow them to start a family. This is straight up being a dick to somebody, seeing there is no reason to not allow it. Then there's global warming, something proven by 97% of scientists. There's a willingness to destroy the earth, thus being a dick, because of the inconvenience it would be to accept that change is needed in order to limit the harm. So, who's the dick? Honestly, anybody who meets the requirements of above. Anybody who can't discuss things, anybody who can't and won't change their opinions based on facts, and anybody who wishes to prevent people from doing the harmless things they want. If your view requires being a dick to a group of people, be them Muslim, gay, liberal, etc, then you are part of the problem. Period. 
Why do people attack the messenger instead of the message? Because they have no actual argument?
Not everyone who is against fascism is a rioter or violent.Uplifting news will be when society realises facism already lost 70 years ago. You're only cheering because it furthers your agenda.
[deleted]
Fascism is well defined. The only people who think like you do are the fascists themselves. Notice how antifa isn't attacking Obama supporters or even normal conservatives, but just a group of people who vocally support attacking, deporting, and killing certain groups of people who did nothing wrong?
When did I say riots are the answer? Your comment is a perfect example of how republicans are using this event to make themselves look better. You arent fooling anyone lmao.
Whats wrong with punching a nazi anyway? Using this violence to mask the wrong doings of a nazi? Is the nazi suddenly a good person now that I used violence, the same thing nazis support? Ironic id say
Really original. 
no we are referring to sensitive little kids on college campuses that cry about getting their feelings hurt as if a grown man is punching them in the face.
Don't quit your day job. Oh, wait.....
What's wrong with being white, racist?
Cmon are you like fucking retarded? What about homeless people? How about minimum wage earners who cant feed their kids? What about people in cities who are caught in the crossfire of gang violence? What about veterans who can't get good healthcare from the VA and literally die/suffer from lack of attention? What about americans who arent insured and must pay out of pocket fees when they can barely feed themselves? What about workers that are losing their jobs to automation/ outsourcing? Jesus christ man pay attention.
Lol, i dont think this sentiment applies to the right. But i see where youre trying to go with this and its hilarious.
>I haven't seen any evidence that these rioters were genuinely motivated by politics.How do you know anyone's motivations?  You can only tell by what they say and what they do. >The left describes some 70 million Americans and about 70 million of those Americans did not riot. Anarcho-communists can not be adequately defined by calling them left wing.  They are so much more radical than liberals, Democrats, or even socialist Democrats.  Besides that, inaction of a huge group is not indicative of motivations of a small group. 
Either police your own or be hospitable to police so they can do their jobs without fearing their safety. Why are you defending this shitty behavior just because they happen to have the same political views as yourself? Selling out your morals for partisan politics is pretty disgusting.
Which is oddly not a crime...
Never though I'd see an apartheid devil complaining about hyperbole
rip bowling green always forget never remember
You're right. One Trump supporter was arrested for being a fuckwit that day. 
Whatever floats your boat you little ass clown.
Their moms were there and they didn't wanna get busted?*Hey Sam, I see you! I just washed your outfit, stop rioting, you'll make a mess!*
No Black Bloc anarchist sorts showing up to cause trouble, I'm gonna guess.
It's a great question that I don't have an answer to. When the rioters do dumb shit it spoils the bunch and turns people off to their message. It's self-defeating.I can't tell you why the antifa people didn't do the same thing with the Women's March, but because they didn't that protest was far more persuasive to average Americans.
[removed]
It's easy optics to paint people as rioters, especially young people, poc, and men. With women, including middle aged or older women, children, teens, etc, it's harder to do. The women's marches were also pretty well organized. They started a while ago and made it abundantly clear that it was non violent. It also wasn't against Trump per se, more for women's rights and making the message be heard that this administration answers to women too. Had groups like antifa or other violent groups shown up, it could have gone south, and I'm thankful that didn't happen given the size of the crowd and the wide range of ages and abilities in the crowd. 
It was mostly white women, disproportionately white and older. Older white women that attend women's marches tend to not riot.
no anarchists. Funny enough there are anarchists at ALL the inaugurations. Only this year is it some big thing because they are trying to use them as examples of liberal plants. Which hilariously the anarchists themselves are pissed at cause they are anarchists... not liberals.
It was a fake protest organized by the Democrats for middle aged white women who wanted to play protest.
Communist instigators.People can be as butthurt as they want about this but there were literal communists inciting violence at the protest. 
[deleted]
Women aren't violent? I wonder how many of the rioters arrested are women.
Estrogen vs testosterone. 
That was on inauguration day, not the Women's March. [Video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nnERQIhsCFc&feature=youtu.be) was uploaded on January 20th (inauguration day).
Actually you're right. I've seen the video. Weighing the two 'protests' one was far cleaner than the other.
He isn't saying they weren't rioting, he is saying they weren't protesters, they were rioters. OP says protester 
This is rhetorical right?
What do you think?
Neo Nazis who are too pussy to call themselves that 
alt right is everything I dont like 
It's a transitional term. You can't convince half the population their neighbors are Nazis overnight. So you do it slowly. Anyone right of Carl Marx = Racist > Alt right > Nazi
Are they being dicks or do they just have different opinions than you? I've heard christians say that it's not right that churches should be forced to marry gay couples..anti-climate changers who don't like that most people couldn't even tell you the details of current climate change or its greater historical context..some people literally consider abortion to be murder..So for every social issue they can come right back and say that they think *you* are the dick because of what you believe. We all have different realities and I feel like we do each other a disservice by writing off other viewpoints as he's just a dick, ignore him. I will agree with the statement fuck all extremists, we don't need any more of that in this world where things are not black and white. People should take pride in being reasonable.  
When the messenger is a blatant hypocrite, it dampens the message.
Probably because the messenger is a disreputable piece of human garbage in this case.
You can't support free speech and support violence for hate speech.Supporting violence against speech just makes you a fascist.
[removed]
Give me an outline. 
You're like the blueprint of the new left.   The version that fails miserably aside from their little echo chambers.
They seemed upset at the WTO.
You implied it when you said protesting wasn't the answer when in a conversation about the differences in rioting and protesting. You're either not understanding how your words can be take with context of a discussion or trying to start an argument. Either way you should cut it out. 
I apparently fooled you into thinking I was a Republican based purely on the fact that I don't think punching people is good.
First, I said someone you think is a nazi which does not mean someone who is a nazi. Second, I am a Jew and even I wouldn't physically attack someone who proudly claims to be a nazi if they aren't being violent. When you initiate violence, you are the one in the wrong.
Complaining about wages, inequality, and other related issues without ever having worked a day in their lives.
everyone you just mentioned have a common denominator. they are american and have opportunity for upward mobility. whether they take action on that opportunity is where the break is. it is a lot like feminists crying about a generalized wage gap and not wanting to acknowledge that women just tend to choose, which is the key word, lower paying careers. the problem is choice. you cannot demand equality in outcome, logic does not allow it.
Lol im sure it doesnt apply when republicans go ape shit when you call them racist, homophobic, bigoted, etc. which you clearly are.
Fuck you. You're asking random peaceful people to stop a riot while claiming the trained guys decked out in riot gear are rightfully fearing for their safety. Listen to yourself. 
No, but when they all blame shift to Antifa and claim that it isn't what they wanted, I can't help but roll my eyes.
RIP hacked election conspiracy theory.Paid for by the DNC.
Fake news.
Oh look honey, how cute--they're *rebelling.*
I went with my mom, was scared it would go off like this. I'd been to previous violent protests and warned her about dense crowds and militarized police. Instead, it was a protest of geriatrics and small children, tons of women, very peaceful and almost no police. I was so happy that it was a pleasant experience. 
There were enough people there, so resorting to black bloc to reclaim protesting space from the cops was not necessary. 
The black bloc people got arrested the day before.
Black bloc tactic is used when the number of protesters are low enough for police to illegitimately close protesting space and illegally arrest people.   The crowd there was much much larger than police could handle,  so they had to let them protest. Police is not your friend. 
Maybe because Antifa lost a shit ton of people at the previous protest arrests?You can see videos online where the police eventually corner what appears to at least a hundred or so people all dressed in identical black clothing and masks carrying Anarchy banners at the inauguration protests -- the guys I assume are all Antifa.Combine that with the several hundred felony riot charges being leveled... Antifa might have been quite dry on man-power at the time.[Here's a video that includes the footage \(plus commentary by a former cop both playing it up for laughs and providing genuinely enlightening info\).](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1RpRr3yc-BA)
We had cops at the DNC infiltrate our black block back in 2000. They were spreading misinformation and causing trouble. It was a great tactic on their part. Take a bunch of unorganized protesters under pressure and the whole thing buckles. One bit onViolence on the protesters part and the whole cause thing is lost.
Honest question, what makes that group left-wing ?
Please no step on snek
Another thing men are superior at.
You seriously believe women can't be violent or participate in riots?
there were quite a few women in the blackblocs at Berkeley and so on I saw. Though yes the blackbloc tends to be mostly male and mostly white and mostly under 30.
Psst, men were marching in the Women's March too. Source: was there, alongside my brother and many other men.
Doesn't matter what you or I believe. If what he said is incorrect, attack the message. If what he said is true, then shut up.
Where did I say I support rioters? Literally my first post is saying not everyone who is antifacist ( don't have to be in Antifa, that's some dumb group) is violent. I'm only for peaceful protests. But pretending facists and alt right aren't spreading hate speech is a joke.
Paying my taxes or contributing to my community? Or exercising my right to vote? Man for someone so pro free speech you love to try and silence others.Typical alt right. Cracks me up.
Perhaps I was being a little confrontational in my original comment, but surely even you see the hypocrisy in that guy's reply
and acting as if somehow, they have it bad. as if not only being in the u.s, which already puts you in the top at least 99% of most privileged people in the world, but then they are on these university campuses, which has to put them somewhere in the top 1% of most privileged people on earth. well. i guess i should take into consideration that maybe going to a university is not that special anymore if all they are doing is indoctrinating kids into retarded ideologies that have been proven stupid. whatever fuck em in the neck. carrying around a felony for life is a motherfucker.
So you expect a police force that is out numbered 1000 to 1 to push through a peaceful protest to stop rioters as it is happening, while simultaneously flabbergasted that peaceful protestors can't police rioters when they outnumber them 1000 to 1. Your hypothetical action would result in nothing good happening and everything bad turning worse.Meanwhile you are screaming at someone on the internet. I invite you to take your own advice.
>hacked election conspiracy theoryYou mean the one trump won't shut up about? Democrats have never claimed the election was hacked.Also, you didn't address the fact that they lied directly to your face and you're still defending them.
Man would I love a black bloc member AMA.Or at least an *I believe in whatever Black Bloc believes in* post on r/TMBR
That's kinda the truth. Black Bloc wasn't around . As somebody who was at the DNC in 2000. You can't understand these riot Situations until you are in one yourself. It's a war zone. Mostly peaceful until somebody gives the cops an excuse. It never takes much. It's often both sides in my experience. 
Neither are these communists.
That's interesting. Could you link me to the video of police surrounding them? I knew of arrests, but never knew about a video of it.
> Maybe because Antifa lost a shit ton of people at the previous protest arrests?> You can see videos online where the police eventually corner what appears to at least a hundred or so people all dressed in identical black clothing and masks carrying Anarchy banners at the inauguration protests -- the guys I assume are all Antifa.Oh man you totally just made my evening with that bit! They deserve much worse than a few felonies, but I'll take it.
Yeah that's another issue. Cops did the same thing at the Occupy Wall Street protests.
So you conceal your face in order to get away with political violence and then cry foul because the police don't play along? Smart.
Don't they make up less than 10% of prison populations? Seems like most arrests are for drugs.
Psst, I know but not nearly in the same numbers.  People can hate on the comment but it's true.  
Yeah, but those men don't really have a lot of testosterone do they?
When human garbage speaks, no one is obligated to listen.  When the messenger is actual trash, the message ends up smelling like trash.Sorry you're so butthurt bro.
He's not trying to silence you, just informing you that it doesn't mean much when the person trying to tell everyone how awful they are is a shitty person themself
Lol this is such a fucking logical fallacy. Just because people have it worse than you doesnt mean you cant complain. Is the person who makes $8 an hour not allowed to complain because they make more than chinese workers and are hinese worker who make less not allowed to complain because they arent homeless?
The ironic part is that reason that they work in Starbucks for $9/hour is that they got their graduate degrees in Medieval Interpretative Flatutory Studies. 
I didn't say I expect the police to do anything. I pointed out that you are saying it's too dangerous for trained professionals in body armor but for some reason expect some random 55 year old person who came for the express purpose of being peaceful to step in. That's a fucking stupid thing to say. Clearly you've never been to a protest or rally or march, but it's not like you know everyone there and it's your job to keep them cool. You know almost nobody there and it isn't your job to do shit. In fact, if you go and try to stop someone from breaking a window and a fight breaks out, you are now both committing a more serious crime than the other guy ever was, and you are both liable to get arrested. The police don't want people taking things into their own hands, because people tend to not have any idea what they are doing. Case in point: you. 
CNN and the democrats been claiming the election was hacked since November. Why didn't you address the fact that they have been lying to your face and you're still defending them?[Link to CNN claiming election was hacked.](https://www.google.com/amp/s/amp.cnn.com/cnn/2017/01/09/politics/russia-hacking-us-election/index.html?client=safari) [Link discussing democrats who spread election hacking conspiracy](https://www.thenation.com/article/did-putin-really-launch-a-cyber-pearl-harbor-against-america/)[Why Are the Media Taking the CIAs Hacking Claims at Face Value?](https://www.thenation.com/article/why-are-the-media-taking-the-cias-hacking-claims-at-face-value/)
There is no membership. You dress in black, throw a fist in the air and take a beating from cops. 
Black bloc is not an organization.   It's just a tactic used when a repressive government can easily overwhelm protesters, trampling on their right.   Violence from state is inherent and expected.   Black bloc is a tactic to counter that illegal repression. 
I added in a video; at one point you can see the cops following the crowd (and blocking one end of the street), before the other side of the street also fills up with cops.The rioters try to physically break out, but only a few of them manage to get away -- and those guys probably ended up getting caught by the cops we see chasing after them.But yeah, at this point I think we're up to like ~300 arrests; assuming a majority of those are Antifa... how many guys can really be left of these idiots?
I do what I must -- because I can.
A few felonies will literally destroy your life. What else could you possibly want?
No, it's not. It's sexist and assuming. 
I'm a straight white male that works out several times a week. So fuck you and your sexism.
Boom. Roasted.
Human garbage? The fuck lmao
How am I shitty? Calling for peaceful protests or being against racial cleansing.You don't know anything about me lol. I guess I should stop fostering animals for my local animal shelter or helping local businesses with pro bono web development work!
well, you can complain all you want, but looking at the big picture sure puts your complaint in perspective. women marching on washington for no apparent reason other than being pissed that their candidate did not get elected while wearing pussy hats and actual vagina costumes while women are getting their heads lobbed off and stoned to death by people that they thought loved them in barbaric countries around the world for talking to someone or exchanging a glance with someone they werent supposed to. perspective makes american problems look pretty fuckin stupid.
Go back and rewatch what the protesters were doing while the rioters were breaking starbucks windows. They will scream their little hearts out because Trump is destroying the country but yet there is someone right infront of them LITERALLY destroying the country and they are cheering them on or at the very least pretending like they don't see it. You refusing to denounce this sort of behavior is the same reason these rioters are breaking shit with impunity. If you or your ilk had any sort of backbone you would at the very least boo them and verbally let them no that is not ok and is not helping the cause. Continue to be the cancer and you will lose another election. 
Their not talking about the votes themselves being hacked, their talking about the hacking of the DNC. Trump is the only one claiming the election itself was hacked because he doesn't want to accept that he lost the popular vote.
And trash a Starbucks, apparently. Fight Da powah 
Uhh what illegal repression has been done so far that warranted rioting and violence?edit: lmao this guy posts to antifa and anarchism what a total badass guys, dont mess with him and his cardboard tubes
Its also often undercut from police or other agencies to incite riots. Agent Provocateurs.
Well it sure plays right into the nut-job right wing's hand.What would MLK, Gandhi, and every successful social mover think of this tactic?I would guess... counter productive.Edit: but I honestly appreciate your explanation, I assumed they were all right wing plants.
It's not an assumption that rioters are typically male.  That women far outnumbered men at the marches.  That violent crime is typically committed by men.  That men are more aggressive.  Not to say that men can't be peaceful or women can't be aggressive.  These are not sexist comments.  These are scientific comments.Edit: typo
Calm down
Low T bro, low T.
[removed]
I can tell a lot about your personality from the way you carry yourself online. You seem to be quite a toxic person.
Yet their headlines scream Election hacking. It's fake news and conspiracy theories. CNN does the bidding of the DNC.
What does being a badass have anything to do with it?   What in your mind is a badass? 
That has been my assumption thus far. If people really do believe that random rioting and head on police conflict is going to make a difference then they are [useful idiots](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Useful_idiot) at best.
That's also true.   But, you can classify anything, gradually,  to be an act of rioting.   The point is why are gestures of protest becoming increasingly illegal? This is a tactic used by the state to curb dissent and finally create a situation in which no action falls outside of illegality.   This is an erosion of rights that have been sold to you in a nice friendly package.   
Do you not know what mlk said about rioting 
There is a good 12 minute segment on WNYC about AntiFa.   You can listen to it on their website. 
They'd be scientific if you gave actual rates and sources to back them up 
Wow. Got 'em.
Probably one of those toxic feminists. 
There's been a recent scuffle in NYC between the Mayor who advocates Body Cams vs the Comptroller who is holding up funding (it is expected the Comptroller will run against the Mayor in the next election).
This is the department that never punished anyone for putting a whistle blower in an insane asylum for a week.
Now, if they can just get them to turn them on, in their interactions with the public, and not incur an inordinate number of equipment malfunctions and/or lost data incidents.
I plan on being productive today.Doesn't mean I will be
The new contract for NYPD just got approved. NYC moves at a snail's pace when it comes to implementing anything and their deadlines usually get delayed. I'll eat a Yankee fitted if body cams for every uniform officer get put into service by the end of 2019.
I am not surprised it is taking a while for a department that size to get that accomplished
Is about time. Liveleak could use some more videos. 
Sensationalist headline 
Yeah... That's kind of the meaning behind the word 'plan,' you know?
They might be lacking right now
Isn't that how plans work though?
A bureaucracy? Slow? Never, I say! 
How many of them will be switched off accidentally at critical times? 
Number of malfunctioning body cams at the time of an arrest: 23,000
These things take time you need to set up a lot of infrastructure to store and record all the video
It really is an inadequately run city, isn't it?
Yep... has to make you wonder... oh wait there a lawsuit by the labor union... I'm so surprised.
Screw that website. Just try it out on mobile hate that fake virus crap. 
Even with video evidence in cases recently, you still get didn't do nothing. Transparency is great for all parties, unfortunately the majority of the people who end up getting shot because they're idiot criminals don't pay taxes to pay for said cameras. 
should be interesting to see all the fucked up things they catch that cops do. And even MORE interesting excuses cops use to justify them.
As someone who was personally beaten by a hot headed NYPD undercover for absolutely no reason, this needs to happen immediately.
>ComptrollerOh, that's real. Sounds like a sci-fi term.
Let's have a round of applause for the REAL comptroller!
And now let's hear it for the REAL comptroller. 
It's okay, just do it tomorrow!
What's really important about this is that NYPD policy ends up being the benchmark for most police departments across the country, along with LAPD. So getting them to use cameras will be a huge step to national use.Agreed on delaying, especially when it's politicized so much.Side note: It's interesting how many words share the polis origin.
RemindMe! 1054 days Is /u/ynkhtr12 going to eat a hat?
The police union is also hard to deal with.  Even getting them talking about body cams and agreeing to a tentative deal with big news.  But if this gets mucked up in city politics I wouldn't be surprised.
What, you sick of 'man falls on icy stairs-gets up unharmed' or 5 seconds of blurred pixels with gunfire in the background?    It had a good run. I'm okay with it's death.
I expect complaints to drop simply because most criminals and assholes will know that they can't make shit up about the cops behavior for a quick city settlement.
Username checks out 
Reminds me of that episode of Always Sunny when Dennis runs for Comtroller and Mac runs against him. 
Sadly it's pronounced controller.Edit: Downvotes? Seriously? The first dictionary-approved pronunciation is controller: kn-tr-lr. 
I always thought selectman was a strange title. 
RemindMe! 1 Day Be Productive
Rip ogrish
Yea its been pretty bad for awhile now.
He didn't agree with the law he was breaking, therefore he didn't do anything.
Lol.  I swear I wasn't.   I literally walked up to him with my hands in the air, saying yes sir no problem sir etc.  Once I got within arm's reach of him he punches me in the face, throws me on the floor, then continues to kick me and punch me in the back of the head.  This was all because he mistakingly thought me and my friend were trepassing, when it was my friends building we were in. All of his buddies just stood by and watched.       
You look like a dick in that tiny jacket
really? I have always heard the position pronounced comp-troller. never con-troller. 
Poor supernintendo Chalmers.
Except nobody calls it that... so its actually pronounced COMP-TROLLER.But whatever.
Yeah, a lot of people do pronounce it comp-troller: http://www.npr.org/templates/story/story.php?storyId=213578217
Yes, it's often pronounced like controller.http://www.forbes.com/sites/kathryndill/2013/07/09/this-is-how-you-say-comptroller-a-lot-of-us-are-doing-it-wrong/
If descriptivism appeals to you, then sure. Prescriptivism would suggest otherwise.
Just wait for the images the JW telescope is going to return.  It's going to change everything. 
Warning:  that website is horrible for mobile users. 
so when will we get to see those pictures?
>That Gave the Universe Its First LightLike, can you really *prove* something like that?
If you look at it closely you can see exactly where it spells out WE APOLOGIZE FOR THE INCONVENIENCE
Sucks those images are going to be what they looked like billions of years ago.Universe is just to big rawrrrr.
Lots of people who know fuck all about science commenting on this thread. Beware.
A long time ago, in a galaxy far far away...
Tell them to turn off their light. Didn't their mother never said galaxy, turn off that damn light, electricity is not free!!
If you're interested in this type of science, the researcher has a youtube segment discussing [gravitational lensing](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dREh3cnpmdk&feature=youtu.be) that they use to enhance optical viewing of the Hubble.
It's frustrating to see all that there is in the universe and it's a struggle to even attempt to reach the moon and Mars.    Also, just being a regular schmuck in days where we're just beginning to understand how the universe works, knowing that we'll be long dead before any real understanding is discovered, and having no power to do anything about it.
What are the chances they just happen to be in our observable part of an infinite universe?? :/
James Webb telescope is going to revolutionize the way we see the universe assuming all goes well 
The 10-km wide big dish space telescope has some surprises for humanity in the year 2315.Screw the Time Travel Commission, I just had to say it.
So when God said let there be light. These guys were first?
This is stunning, to think we have the key to the cosmos at our fingertips.
Hubble has only taken 1 picture of Jupiter, and a few pictures of Mars, and this was in 1995. Seems kind of a waste of a good telescope.
How is it possible to observe first light within our limited observable universe? Is there a point from which everything is expanding outward?
Hey, is there a non-shitty non-space.com version of these photos out there somewhere?
Does this mean that there was a beginning and that there was light and that it was good? 
Sure...The first light...Yeah, yeah
You guys are dumb. This is fake. If we can see that far with telescopes then why don't they never show close up pics of the moon? If we can see that far and see other galaxies then obviously we could see the flag on the moon...unless it's all a lie...
That title is WRONG! Stars formed before galaxies, provided first light, and it takes billions upon billions of stars to form a galaxy. Extremely sloppy sensationalism title, which detracts from the next generation of Robotic Space Telescope Observatories to image the first stars, which will be much bigger news.
How easily folks flip head over heels for the flip-flopping pseudoscience of today as they do the for their political affiliation. Makes the string pullers' jobs that much easier. 
It seems so far off but I'm still excited.
Yes and no.  The [JWST](https://jwst.nasa.gov/) isn't optical like Hubble, so this won't produce the same type of eye candy, but it will allow for high quality IR images and new research.
Hope so, this discovery seems like baiting with brightness and contrast adjustments to notice the faint galaxies.
This was my first thought reading this, can't wait
Not too far off headline.  '20 billion year old Galaxy discovered' 
I'm excited but also nervous to see what will be staring back at us. 
came for the science, left with a feeling of dread about advertising and the current state of humanity.
I remember when mobile was the safe way to browse because PC browsing had all the popups. I'm annoyed that advertising is making me feel old 
Fix: Get Firefox Mobile + uBlock Origin
Those images are extremely faint and only take up a few pixels. Basically all that you would see in the image is a small smudge of light. 
Galaxies have serial numbers that start from 1 and go up from there.  The pictures are so detailed you can see the #1, #2, #3, etc., imprinted on the galaxies.
proof or not, it's actually inconsistent with the big bang theory- the big bang theory states that all the matter in the universe was close to uniformly distributed over space in the earliest moments, and that the universe was opaque yet very hot for a long time.  When the universe became transparent, there was still a lot of light left over from the big bang, and the first stars didn't form until after this light had been bouncing around for hundreds of thousands of years.
Yes, you can prove that it's NOT true. The Cosmic Microwave Background Radiation is proof that the Big Bang gave the universe its 'first light.' Now technically, if humans were around at the time, you could argue that the first stars and galaxies really gave the 'first light' in terms of visible wavelengths and quantities great enough to be useful for our eyes. However, it's also possible (and I suspect likely) that accretion disks around massive primordial black holes (ones formed in the dense early universe by direct collapse of molecular gas rather than star collapse) first lit up the universe with visible light. In a couple of years with Webb we may very well settle this question. The headline does seem a little lazy and misleading but science literacy isn't what it used to be either. 
can you really prove gravity pulls your poops out of your butt and not invisible angels
I don't think that sucks. I think it's amazing.
I think it's cool, like seeing the past first hand. It took a couple billion years for that image to even reach our part of the universe!
That's the whole point :P to see a galaxy as it is now, you can just point andromeda :)
Too big*
I think it's both amazing and a little unsettling to know that when you look towards the sky you're basically looking into the past.
'Tis just holes in ye firmament.
100% .If it is not in our observable universe, then for all practical considerations, it does not exist without a new accepted theory of the Universe or multi-verse.
Absolute engineering miracle if this goes off as planned. I wonder how Trump will screw it up?
This was approximately 10 billion years before our solar system formed.  I am not sure that the guys trying to explain the the existence of Earth meant far away galaxies when writing their stories a few thousand years ago.
Yup these in theory were the first timers 14ish billion years ago.
God - the first youtuber. These guys - the idiots who comment first on every video.
And God said, Let there be light: and there was light. [And we took a picture, and saw that it was rad.](http://hendrix2.uoregon.edu/~imamura/123cs/lecture-8/wmap-5yr.jpg)
The hipster galaxies
[removed]
It's also taken shots of Saturn, and possibly most/all the other planets in our system besides Earth itself.  That said, I don't believe it was launched primarily to study our planetary bodies, but more to be used as it has been, discovering things about the universe far outside our little corner of the Milky Way.
Well since you don't know much about telescopes I could see why you would say this. 
Can't tell if.... joking... or...
Because Hubble's purpose is not to take pictures of the Moon.  It's purpose is to study the universe beyond our solar system.  It just so happens that it can take pictures of our solar neighbours, even if it isn't its primary mission.
Competition is intense for time on Hubble. Anyone of any nationality whether you're a amateur astronomer, or part of a research team can apply for time on Hubble. However only about 1/5th of applicants per cycle gets time on it. You only get so much time, there is time allocated specifically for rare events, there is also general observation which are routine observations, snapshot observations which take 45 minutes or less including locating the object, target of opportunity proposals which cover transient events. The point is people aren't going to waste their time to look at the moon to further prove something to a few people. And I may be wrong but the moon is probably to bright to look at. 
it's not even about how far off the date is, but the real anxiety provoking part is all the things that need to go right in order for it to work, with zero capacity to fix anything that goes wrong along the way.  
aaaaaaaaaaaaand, you ruined it for me. 
Thank you, mobile ad blocker. 
Incidentally, also the best way to listen to youtube on mobile since you can play videos in background tabs.
Wow, ya learn something every day
Hey ken 
What happens when we run out of numbers?
I believe you, but any sources that could explain this in more detail?
Huh, and I always thought it was peristalsis and a good ole' heave ho.
I'm fairly confident I can still poop standing on my head. 
When I say it sucks what i really meant was I wish we could see things in real time. And it sucks we cant see what it really looks like. Shoot for all we know those galaxies could be completely gone.
Well 2 million years ago. 
Our galaxy, the Milky Way, is 13.21 billion years old as well.  So we're seeing galaxies that existed before our own galaxy coalesced 
'Day' is merely a colloquial term to convey a meaningful idea of time.  I say, This took 3 days, and you understand it as 72 hours, which in and of itself is something you only understand because an hour has some meaningful significance to you.'Day' means something entirely different on other planets, in and outside of our solar system, and on rogue bodies.  It has also taken on a completely different meaning in a multitude of fictional writing -- something that literally has its roots in folklore, religion, and oral storytelling.  You can take the Bible literally (as you have done) and undermine it or you can take it figuratively and appreciate the beauty that it offers.  Calling Christianity mentally retarded simply shows your (honestly low-brow, low-thought) bias.
You seem pleasant. 
The concept of a day was created by man.  The sun and earth was made well in advance of that.  God doesn't exist in the concept of time because, well, he invented the concept of time.  Day is just a man-made way to understand a difficult concept.
I know enough. And you definitely don't need a telescope to see such a big jerk.
(In case anyone else is wondering when that date is:)>The James Webb Space Telescope, previously known as Next Generation Space Telescope, is a part of NASA's ongoing Flagship program. It is under construction and scheduled to launch in October 2018
The deployment alone seems so amazing but you're right...it HAS to go right or else it's a bust.https://youtu.be/bTxLAGchWnA
Yes this is not like hubble. Where we can someone to fix it. It's going to last only like 7 years i think in operation. Where hubble lasted or will for up to 30 years
This is why we need telescopes like the TMT in Hawaii to be built.  The TMT is 10x powerful than Hubble and will produce better optical images.  In addition to that, the air on Maunakea is so clear that IR imaging on can be done to work with conjunction with JWST.
It will be able to determine the composition of expoplanet atmospheres; i.e. it will be able to tell if an atmosphere contains carbon dioxode and oxygen, and whether or not it's possible that those gases were produced via biological processes.It won't have pretty pictures, but make no mistake: it will go a long way towards determining how rare our particular situation is in this neck of the galaxy.
Adblock Plus mobile browser  :)
Yes...but then, depending on consistency, you will likely have poop on your head.  
It's certainly not that unlikely that they are gone. It's also highly likely that they are currently way different. Looking back in time is funny like that.
The sun could be gone right now but it would take 9 minutes for us to find out. Most of the stars and galaxies could already be dead.
This is as real-time as it gets.
Which, in cosmological times, is now :P
You missed my point entirely and are refuting a point I didn't make with fallacy. I called it a bad name, it doesn't change the truth in it.The FACT is, the Bible is wrong. Regardless of interpretation (you Christians love doing that shit instead of realizing this was written well before the era of modern science) it was incorrect. Defending an interpretation of something wrong is also wrong. Waste your energy elsewhere. You're wrong. Stop thinking like this.
You and I both know internet comments aren't indicative of actual personality. Out of curiosity though, what would you have changed about my comment? Also, are you a Christian? Is that why you're upset? Because I can understand that.
God doesn't exist PERIOD! WHAT ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT?! You seriously think the sun coming up and down is a difficult concept? No wonder you believe this ridiculous bullshit. The sun and earth weren't made, that's ABSURD! God didn't fucking invent time! You sound LITERALLY crazy! How can you not see that?!
I don't think Hubble was designed for such close up bodies, especially when there are other scopes that already do such a good job inside the solar system. Perhaps that was what was meant here. My uninformed opinion would be Hubble was made for massive distance.
Oh hell, that's next year! I was thinking far off meant in 10-20 years. Very exciting!
I would bet the date gets moved by a year or more forward.  
That's not nearly as far off as I thought reading the parent comments. I was thinking it wasn't going to be online till like 2038 or something crazy.
The only issue is that any land based telescopes have a atmosphere to contend with, Hubble doesn't. 
I read a book about that, years ago, the protagonists was looking up at the sky and all the stars started going out one by one. Something about a million names of god or something.
What's your point?
I feel a Spaceballs bit coming up...
Except, I didn't refute it with a fallacy, I refuted it with the fact that you are claiming the Bible is wrong based on YOUR interpretation of a day versus other commonly accepted interpretations of 'day' as it is used in that verse (particularly with regard that the Bible has no concrete translation, as many of its original texts and context has been lost or, in many cases, there simply is no correct translation into English).You don't like the fact that you can't simply go NEENER NEENER, because it doesn't support your narrative that Christianity is bad or inherently wrong (which is clearly your narrative, by the way, regardless of whether you say those exact words or not).  Edit:  P.S -- Trying to win an argument by telling the other person they're wrong and to just stop isn't *actually* a good counter-argument.  If you don't like the way the discussion is going, you are always free to excuse yourself.
Actually, internet comments are perfectly indicative of actual personality.Anonymity allows people to literally be themselves, say what they think, and advocate actions that they otherwise would not do out of fear for social reprisal (or, like, jail).  Someone who is only an asshat on the internet is still an asshat at their core -- regardless of how many please and thank yous they might parrot in front of their peers out of fear of being rebuked for doing otherwise.  
And you seem to be getting a little heated over the presumption of somebody else's faith.  
Someone needs a hug
By a year might be ambitious. [There is a lot of green, on their progress tracker](https://jwst.nasa.gov/recentaccomplish.html), but it doesn't look like enough to boost it that much. Any reason why you think a whole year?
If it means a better chance of success, let them take as much time as they need.
Ya but what OP is saying is it can be built large enough such that that isn't an issue. 
>Except, I didn't refute it with a fallacy, I refuted it with the fact that you are claiming the Bible is wrong based on YOUR interpretation of a day versus other commonly accepted interpretations of 'day' as it is used in that verse (particularly with regard that the Bible has no concrete translation, as many of its original texts and context has been lost or, in many cases, there simply is no correct translation into English).It isn't MY interpretation, it's literally what it says. YOU PEOPLE are the ones interpreting it to make it fit. But hey! Let's just lend it extra credibility by saying there's no way we could know! That's so batshit that I don't know where to begin. You literally just dispelled all credibility of your argument.>You don't like the fact that you can't simply go NEENER NEENER, because it doesn't support your narrative that Christianity is bad or inherently wrong (which is clearly your narrative, by the way, regardless of whether you say those exact words or not).  That's not what I did at all. I explained my position, why the opposition is BY DEFINITION delusional. Christianity IS bad. Religion IS bad. They're ALL inherently wrong. That doesn't mean they don't have good messages, but people don't need to have an explanation of the afterlife to strike fear into them, coercing them to make smarter and more morally sound decisions. We can talk all day about how the not true Christians are the ones I'm really adressing, but that simply isn't true. I'm addressing all Christians. Almost all Christians have the means to educate themselves to the truth, but they simply won't. When a majority of Americans believe provably incorrect things, yet get emotional at people who oppose them, even though they have the sum of the world's knowledge in a fucking rectangle in their pocket, then they have to realize that they don't deserve to have an opinion. You can't just have a valid opinion about every view you have. You Christians can't just think evolution isn't real, that god made the world, that Noah's ark happened, that exodus happened, or that the world is 6,000 years old. There were no talking snakes, there were no burning bushes, there was no resurrection, there weren't giants, there weren't people who lived to be 700+ years old (let alone knowing exactly how old they were), NOTHING. You people believe crazy things. You won't accept it. You rationalize things that have no logic. You accept things without question, until they oppose those views, then you're absolutely certain. ALL of this DISGUSTS me, and we aren't even talking about the story of Job, about black people being a curse, none of the big ticket points. You people need to fucking stop this ridiculousness. You are wrong. People are waking up around the world. Look at the places that are secular and compare them to the overtly religious. This ideology, that religion is remotely viable, is a cancer. Any good that has come of it could've been achieved elsewhere>Edit:  P.S -- Trying to win an argument by telling the other person they're wrong and to just stop isn't *actually* a good counter-argument.  If you don't like the way the discussion is going, you are always free to excuse yourself. I know it isn't a good counter argument. Neither is any of what you've just said. However, I've had this argument too many times. Some people don't grasp it, but most do. The ones who don't are usually far too deeply indoctrinated to ever change their minds. Are you going to understand just how seriously wrong you and your views are? I'll tell you this though, I grew up heavily involved in the church. Plenty of mission trips to the ghettos of Atlanta. I've seen some shit there. I started questioning around that time. But, I was a more devout Christian than the majority of Christians. If I can do it, so can you.
I'm torn between telling you this is so far off base that you couldn't possibly see how anything else is true and just not replying. You can see which one I've picked. Now I'm picking the second one.But before I do, understand that people are much more complex than a smarmy internet comment.
I am. Why wouldn't I be? These people are wrong yet have more rights than me? What the fuck?
You're not wrong.
These projects almost never meet their target dates.  Funding fluctuations, technology issues and other items often derail these things.  The LaGrange point that it needs to reach leaves a very narrow window for launch and any delay will be significant due to that alone. 
> You Christians can't just think evolution isn't real, that god made the world, Seriously?  Have you never heard of progressive Christianity?  Actually talk to progressive Christians instead of wailing against their belief in God simply because it's a belief in God?It sounds like maybe you were run through a fundamentalist church and were burnt out on it.  That's a terrible experience if it's one you didn't want to be subjected to.  Each persons should be allowed to make their own choices.I do not accept your notion that a belief in God is wrong, or that the Bible is inherently wrong, or that you know anything about my personal interpretations of God or faith or anyone else's.  I think this line of discussion has reached it's end, because it is clearly emotionally upsetting to you (as evidenced by your many other comments).
Except it's not off base.  You wouldn't say what you say on the internet or do what you do (knowing you are interacting with other human beings) if it wasn't in you to already do these things.
Who said anything about anyone having more or less rights than you, dude?  You were responding to someone else's calm reply with way too much aggression.  Chill out, man.
Ah, I must have misunderstood. When you said forward I assumed you meant closer to us, while backward would mean further from us.
What causes the short window to reach the Lagrange point? 
Ugh, why is it that the real Christians are the ones who are chipping away at their religion? Go full on and you're just a progressive. Believing in God is wrong. That is a fact. I've talked to plenty progressive Christians. It's still the same load of bullshit, but a little bit less I have to dispute before they realise ***there is no god.***The sooner you realize that these are little exceptions and by no means the rule, the sooner you'll get this weight off of your shoulders. And, no, I did not go to a fundamental church. It was Methodist. 
I did, can you not read? You're ignoring my explanation. Maybe now you can understand my frustration. I won't chill out. Fuck you. How about that?
You would be correct. He said it wrong. 
*pat pat*  Tell me more about how you've single-handedly talked people out of their own religious beliefs, using the same sort of aggressive rhetoric and bluster you've used thus far through these comments.
You didn't give an explanation.  You just railed -- just like you're doing now.  Now, now.
Who said I deserve more rights than anyone?  Read my post history, dude.  You're making quite an assumption.  I'll have my beliefs, and you can have yours.  I don't see the problem here.
I agree with you. Very rarely does someone think something will be ahead of schedule, and reading his/her reply, s/he means delayed by a year. 
I'll wait until you refute a single point I've made before I delve into the benefits of atheism.
That is objectively incorrect. Quit denying reality.
Nobody said that! People don't have to repeat you to make a point!
here we go.   The rest of the world tests our orange mussolini.
God help us if they have Twitter in NK. 
Been confirmed as their first successful ICBM test. People like to joke but this is a serious situation. North Korea is not quite as incompetent as people want to believe, and old Jong-Un is getting desperate. 
BBC is reporting the missile flew approximately 500 km. [This the radius of 500 km from Pyongyang.](http://imgur.com/a/UWJqY)From the right position, all of South Korea is within radius.
And so it begins / ends ? 
You will remember President Trump said the North Korea would not fire an ICBM. I am holding to his promise. 
Ohhh boy, this has a way to go real bad for everyone.
People really need to start thinking about North Korea as a serious threat. This just proves they are a lot less incompetent then it would seem.
Meh.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vlpUbeF65qohttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q3SMs_IR1vchttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FL-HecSCjg0
Time to show 80s Reagan era Star Wars tech - POTUS
Honestly probably a worse idea for NK to do this with Trump as pres instead of Obama 
Iran has already fired another missile after being put on notice. It seems that Trump is all talk and no action. How is that saying from the great conservative and Republican, talk lightly but carry a big stick. Well we got the opposite. A loud mouth that makes idle threats. NK, Iran and Russia are all laughing at us because we look weak.
[Meanwhile, today](https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/830555911559249926)
Benito Cheetolini. 
You don't fuck with Captain Cheeto...
I've always liked Dorito Mussolini.
Sucks to be them.
They do.
And we have a moron in the white house
ICBM is a bit of an exaggeration. It flew 500km, which would reach somewhere near the southern tip of SK from Pyongyang. Not nearly far enough to reach, say, another continent.
Can't it be, people like to joke *and* this is a serious situation? Seems like it doesn't need to be one or the other.
>U.S. and South Korean military sources said the missile did **not** appear to be an Intercontinental Ballistic Missile (ICBM)https://www.google.com/amp/mobile.reuters.com/article/amp/idUSKBN15Q0TE
They seem to work better than US's Tridents then.
The problem with everyone getting complacent and constantly joking about NK's nuclear missiles is that one day they'll actually develop a real threat.
Seoul and Inchon are only about 40km away.
and I was almost even more worried. That's still not good don't get me wrong, but at least they can't hit any other countries.
And so begins the End.
Meaning in general, or firing at us?
He also said he wouldn't talk about his military responses in advance, so we are going to have to wait a week or two.
I don't think people think of them as being incompetent the same way as we'd say a co-worker is incompetent. It's a relative term that describes their general place amongst the other countries of the world. My incompetent co-worker couldn't use a microwave, let alone make a rocket, but an incompetent *country* could. It's more about the leadership and the general direction the country decided to progress in. Compared to other world leaders, or even shift managers at high end fast food joints, those dudes running NK are fucking incompetent. They'll succeed at nothing but that which damages their own and puts their future at risk. But I'm sure they all clock in on time and use proper punctuation on inter-office emails.
Probably. But I think we can agree it's worse for American citizens, too. 
I don't think so. It's not just testing us against North Korea, it's also a test of alliances and established routine. A  characteristically chaotic response from Trump may strengthen North Korea's hand with China and weaken South Korea's bond with the West. Time will tell, I guess.
[deleted]
Twice in three available weekends. Seems odd from someone who said he would never golf if he was president.
This is a different missile. The north has launched an ICBM before that put a satellite briefly in space
Its a test. The only thing to get it further is more fuel. 
I think it is time to destroy North Korea's nuclear military capability.
That's only the ones we give to the UK. 
They already have, luckily the real people in charge aren't joking about it.
Hmm... Can't we just move South Korea a bit further south each time they test their missiles? I mean, it's not like anyone would actually do anything else.
It is the end of the beginning, and beginning of the end.
And end so begins
I like Trump. 
As far as I know, the only time we would use a nuclear device would be in response to an imminent threat.  The president, as Commander in Chief, has the only authority to release nuclear weapons.  However, the people who actually launch it are obligated to disobey illegal orders- which further confuses the process.
Last I heard they don't have the ability to make a warhead small enough to fit on any ICBM yet though. 
I think you're an idiot but this is reddit so we are all entitled to our opinions 
Let's just take South Korea... and push it somewhere else!
Just keep 'em guessing! It'll be like that island from Lost. NK won't be able to attack them no matter *how* far their missiles fire.
Cop that doesn't know his way around a donut wasn't a real cop to start with
Cops shoots unarmed person = promotion. Cop makes stupid mistake over a donut = resignation.
Field test are notoriosly inaccurate. Mountain dew test positive for meth every single time.
And will promptly get hired by the cops next door?
She must have been too embarrassed to show her face around there after that.
This is why you're supposed to taste the mystery substance...Source:  70's cop shows
It wasnt looking too good to begin with shes pretty much the laughing stock of the town she lives in
Didn't see it in the article but I am gonna fathom a guess that she resigned before she could officially be reprimanded in an attempt to ease getting hired a town or two over. Gypsy Cop in the making right here. 
They say this officer wasn't trained to conduct roadside drug tests which resulted in two false positives, huh?  What about all those [false positives](https://www.leafly.com/news/politics/roadside-drug-tests-give-false-positives-putting-the-innocent-beh) that occur when conducted by trained police officers?  The ones who should resign are the companies who manufacture these faulty test kits for profit and those push for their use even after they are proved unreliable.       
I think the real wtf out of this story is that doughnut glaze tested as drugs in two of the three tests. I'd say a 66% failure rate would call many past arrests into question.  
Probably for a job with the Trump regime...
There are almost too many jokes to be made here. Way to go Florida!
Lets be honest doughnuts are drugs to cops
This was an act of envy and gluttony! The cop wanted the boxes of doughnuts that were hoarded away in the guy's car, thus she tried to get him arrested so she could confiscate those exquisite, sugary tori for herself!
You would think a cop would instinctively know the difference.
[/r/nottheonion](https://www.reddit.com/r/nottheonion/) 
The guy needs to sue the APD, the APD needs to sue the test maker. 
shes gotta research meth and doughnuts before being re-hired ;)
I like how they just recorded the guy eating a doughnut at the end.
Glad the site added that photo of donuts to the end of the article so I know what donuts look like. 
Important thing to take from this article is that field tests are bullshit. Same as dog alerts. 
[deleted]
You think a cop could tell the difference 
 I'm sure that that a particular Orlando police precinct would totally love to receive hundreds of donuts...
**Is cat litter a meth?**no, patrick, cat litter is not a meth.doughnut glaze is not meth either. 
Tiiime to make the donughts. 
To be fair, he was a cop from Florida..
Brother got pulled over recently and the officer seen a frosties blue cream soda in the back seat, made him do a field sobriety test then confiscated it.
Im convinced that Swenson's uses a 'crack-based glaze' to brush on their buns. Meth on donuts just sounds like an episode of cupcake wars gone bad!
Cops of all people shouldn't be able to mistake those two things. They're practically donut experts. 
Vagina = Resign   Penis = Commendation of Valor and a promotion 
he just resigned so he can get hired by different department in a few months
> Shelby Riggs-Hopkinsaffirmative action hire
Now he's just another 'Florida Man'.
Came here for the cop and donut joke, wasn't disappointed. 
Her way
Cops can kill with impunity, but fuck with donuts?  That's crossing the line.
I don't know about that, I think this was just an excuse to confiscate a box of donuts without due process.
There are two ways to get fired as a cop: testify against your fellow officers and fuck with people's donuts.
Black people < DonutsObviously
I mean, isn't the second one okay? This stupid mistake over a donut cost someone their job.
Any test that fails a donut is obviously full of holes
That the bad field tests feed multiple industries is just a coincidence.
So what you're saying is I should keep my meth in a Mountain Dew bottle?
Wait, what?
Yea, that sounds about right. 
They are presumptive tests. They're meant to confirm a preexisting suspicion. Meaning, they distinguish between a drug (e.g. cocaine) and other materials that you might reasonably suspect to be that drug (e.g. baking soda, powdered sugar).A presumptive test for meth doesn't need to reject Mountain Dew, because no one in their right mind would *presume* that Mountain Dew might be meth. The purpose of the test is to reject false positives, not to form the basis of suspicion. It doesn't surprise me that some police officers misunderstand this.
[deleted]
Hear she has a real taste for catching criminals
Do you really think that she's going to get another job in a different area if she specifically quit her own job? That doesn't make sense.
Probably won't be embarrassed at the next police station she works at 
If I ever get caught with drugs I'm going to make sure my lawyer knows about this case. 
That failure rate would bring about some questions.Fortunately the drugs are normally retested by a proper lab for verification which is used in the subsequent legal proceedings.
We are looking at the new head of the DEA.
Officer, your eyes are glazed over, how many donuts have you had today?
Ha, that's cute.  You think they care.
Why would they sue when false positives are a benefit to them and everyone else in the system?They know how high the failure rate is. They don't care. An arrest for drug possession allows the confiscation of the vehicle which can either be kept by the cops or given back for a large fee, allows any cash to be taken, and brings in money to the jail, lawyers, and bail bondsmen. Not to mention the free labor for the jail/courthouse/city of the person takes a plea deal, which most do. Compare all that potentially thousands of times a year to what, the one or two they *might* have to pay out to for wrongful arrest? 
well, you tried, and that's all that matters.http://i.imgur.com/CbcnPd5.gif
*sheIt helps to read sometimes 
Avoid women with hyphenated names..
She*Did you post an article without even reading it?
So it's a promotion?
Cop with a vagina had two strikes against her already.  The donut thing was only (ahem) icing on the cake
This is /r/news, /u/ucaulkusaurelis didn't read the article. Or he's just an idiot
Donut Lives matter
I appreciate you. 
Least he didnt leave a suspect full of holes.
The field tests are extremely susceptible to false positives.
>they distinguish between a drug (e.g. cocaine) and other materials that you might reasonably suspect to be that drug (e.g. baking soda, powdered sugar).No they don't.  Baking soda also tests positive for cocaine, [along with many other substances](http://katv.com/news/local/baking-soda-confused-for-cocaine-lands-innocent-couple-behind-bars):>Around the country there have been instances of candy confused for meth, vitamins identified as amphetamines, and tortilla flour testing positive as cocaine. In Florida, the Department of Law Enforcement Lab Systems found 21 percent of the substances that tested positive for meth in the field gave a negative result in the crime lab.That particular couple in the article spent two months in jail because their baking soda tested positive for cocaine:>However, the prosecutor did not respond. On July 11, after another four weeks had passed, the prosecutor finally asked the Arkansas Crime Lab to expedite the test. On July 14, the lab determined it was baking soda.
The doughnut glaze tested positive twice in a field kit but was later lab determined to be sugar according to this article. 
> Field kits are also fairly accurate.Not the ones the police use which have a almost 75% false positive rate, and even the manufacturer tells police they should not be used as probable cause for an arrest only to determine what should be sent to an actual lab for further review. Their was a recent case where Loose Leaf tea tested positive for Cannabis.   
Don't want to meth with her. 
Yes, it is common practice.  She will move a town over and get hired. 
To be fair, if I was a cop and what I thought was meth tested positive for meth on two different field tests I'd probably assume it was meth. Just because her equipment, that she was never trained to use, failed her doesn't make her incompetent. If anything this case just goes to show that law enforcement all around the country need better training, and Oh who am I kidding? Fuck the war on drugs. This shouldn't be happening in the first place.
A super important distinction that makes all the difference in the story and situation. 
Did you expect anything less?
Did you just assume her gender!
The she is a she. Did you read the article?
Actually, it's on the donut. Case closed.
Sprinkle some donut crumbs on him, Lou. Case closed.
Vaginacop was my favourite tv show when i was a kid
Do nut lives matter? Yes they do!
To be fair, it was very pure and high grade sugar.  
But it still doesn't make any sense. If she wanted a law enforcement job, she would have just kept her old one. Why would she go through the trouble of moving and getting a new job in a whole new area if she already had one?
Well it shows that he was commenting on an article he didn't read
bake her away, toys
Maybe it was an inferior cake donut, instead of a vastly superior yeast donut. 
Aaawwwwwwww, yeeeeeeeeee...
Medicinal grade sugar. 
She resigned, as in, was given the opportunity to do so by her superiors instead of being fired, precisely so that it would allow her to get a job no problem with another department elsewhere. If the department she worked for was actually serious about removing incompetent police officers, they would have simply fired her, thus making it harder (but still not impossible) for her to get another policing job elsewhere.
She lost face at her department, so she will go to another. It's pretty standard practice, but don't take my word for it. Just wait until she quietly appears at another department. It'll happen.
> Why would she go through the trouble of moving and getting a new job in a whole new area if she already had one?One possibility is that she felt the mistake was an honest one due to her limited training and that her department unfairly disciplined her.She might also have a reasonable belief that her department will be looking for an excuse to let her go without it seeming to be caused by the civil suit she caused.
It was probably blue sugar, too.
But it says she was already reprimanded for the incident and assigned to retraining. As in, she had already gotten punished. She didn't have to resign, she wasn't going to get fired in the first place.
I imagine that the public outcry around this made them change their mind, and this was the best way for everyone involved to save face. 
The U.S. Coast Guard doesnt generally provide tows, he said. They tell you to call a towing company, but the U.S. Coast (Guard) did arrange or call the Mexican navy.And the Mexican navy came, no questions asked.We were disabled at sea and the Mexican navy came and looked after us, said Churchill. I cannot emphasize how difficult it is to maneuver a 280-foot steel ship around a 40-foot yacht without breaking the yacht. This was an exceptionally well-handled vessel.It took more than a day to tow the sailboat the 170 nautical miles to Mexico, and when they arrived the Mexican government wouldnt accept a single dollar.
Very nice gesture, especially considering what pricks we've been to Mexico lately. 
I actually have been rescued by the Mexican authorities (Marines, police and fire all participated in the rescue). I was boogie boarding and got swept out to sea from a narrow beach. Luckily I was able to save my self from bashing my head into the rock cliff. Once I got footing, I found myself at the bottom of a cliff with absolutely no way of getting out. Thankfully there was someone at the top of the cliff that spotted me and was able to call for help. About 45 minutes or so later police, fire and marines arrived at the scene and started making a plan. They eventually decided to rapel down with a harness and then rapel me back up. I got back and was thanked everyone I could. They were awesome. I definitely got the sense they were having fun with the rescue. They were taking pictures, joking along, probably making fun of me for being a dumb tourist. I have multiple pictures of me in my bathing suit with like 30 rescue personal, some of which are strapped with fully automatic rifles and full uniform. They wouldn't accept a payment of any sort, but last year my family went back to the fire station that coordinated the rescue and donated some cash, they certainly deserve it. 
Those are some bad hombres, amigo. 
I was in the Coast Guard auxiliary which is the civilian part of the Coast Guard. We went on the weekend patrols in vacation areas. If a boat needed a tow, we were supposed to refer them to local tow companies because, capitalism.However, if a person was ill or if children were involved, then we could tow them.
People who put humanity over petty prejudice.
Thanks for the help neighbors.
I have multiple pictures of me for being a dumb tourist.
Misleading title. Not sailors in the sense they were from the US Navy. 
ITT: Mexico did what the international law of the sea dictates, hence the US should totally forget about illegal immigration, drug traffic, human traffic and trade deficits. 
Good thing there wasn't a wall in the way..
This sort of thing is SUPPOSED TO be normal under the Law Of The Sea
This is reddit people who are completely unaware of the same country that is somehow exceptional behaviour.
Such a nice story *that is about to be completely curb stomped by US politics*.Everyone fuck off and enjoy how heartwarming this was, it isn't going to change anyone's political opinion and you shouldn't use it as a soap box to start preaching yours.
The only reason this is somehow globally respected.
I wonder if they named their boat Namaste before that word became douchified 
You mean the same country that is somehow globally respected.
Must have been the rare good ones Shitshow Donnie was referring to. Thanks Mexican Brothers! 
Thanks to the rowboats, paddle boats and canoe navy.  Still building it tho. 
Yeah thats kind of international law
What most people dont know is that a good Captain will not leave sailors in the water.
Unspoken rule of the sea: always help your fellow sailors. On the ocean there are no borders, just you and Poseidon - and he is fickle at best, deadly at worst. There is nothing worse than being at the mercy of the sea, so you always help your fellow sailors, no matter the flag they fly from their mast. 
Title is misleading as fuck.  They were US citizens in a privately owned boat.  NOT US NAVAL PERSONAL OR A US NAVAL SHIP.
Do mexican navy boats have la cucaracha horns
Okay, who's first reaction was Mexico has a Navy?
And thus, the US is being the bad neighbor right now.
Mexican navy in doing its job shock? 
Trump: Mexico holding American soldiers is an act of war!
While deportation raids occur everywhere.  Sad
Mexico has a navy?
I honestly didn't know that Mexico had a navy 
Typical liberal anti americanistic article. The only reason this is news, is due to immigration laws. This is along the same lines as unarmed black man gets pulled over by the police, you wont believe what happens next... 
Mexico has a navy?
Mexico has a navy?  
Why does a desert country have a navy? 
> the Mexican government wouldnt accept a single dollar.Well of course not, they use pesos not dollars.
The Coast Guard does tow vessels but only if they're in immediate danger.
Sounds like the USCG vessel wasn't up to the job and called in some specialists. 
trump was right! see mexico is already reimbursing america for the wall! hahahaha. /sedit: for people downvoting just because the wall isn't even built yet so it wouldn't count as reimbursement. you don't understand. mexico is just that scared and they respect trump that much that they would pre-reimburse america for the wall that's not yet built! /s
Regardless of politics, the actual military folks tend to be pretty friendly to each other. The US Navy has been doing exercises with the Mexican Navy for years; that goodwill doesn't evaporate overnight.
The Mexican army also did this when Katrina happened: https://www.washingtonpost.com/opinions/when-mexicans-crossed-our-border-to-feed-our-hungry/2015/08/28/347342e4-4cee-11e5-84df-923b3ef1a64b_story.html?utm_term=.a343fde85508
This is what good neighbors do. Mexico is our friend.
You do realize the US provides more foreign aid (physical and financial) than any other country right? Like still. 
Considering all the foreign aid and mutual military cooperation this only makes sense 
I wish they'd said which ship it was that came to help.  So that the crew got some recognition.
A few top officials have been pricks to Mexico lately, most American folks are good on my book. As in every single big group of people, you are bound to find some assholes. 
>Very nice gesture, especially considering the $49.2 billion trade deficit in 2015 and $27 billion in remittances to Mexico in 2016.FTFY.  They're taking us for a fucking ride.
> Very nice gesture, especially considering what pricks we've been to Mexico lately. Yea such pricks, we've opened our doors to them for years and gave them every opportunity to succeed in this country but we're the bad guys STILL.With all due respect, fuck you.  I'm tired of hearing that garbage.
We haven't. There are two extremely serious issues that Mexico has to deal with: illegal immigration and drug smuggling. Addressing this from our side is anything but being pricks-- it's common sense. BTW the US has a yearly deficit of SIXTY BILLION w/ Mexico: we buy most of what they sell. 
>especially considering what pricks **we've** been to Mexico lately.Woah there. we haven't done shit to mexico. Our government has. That is a huge distinction.
So what you're saying is...If I lock my doors, my neighbor should think I am a prick?  Even though his kids keep breaking in...
You mean finally getting around to ending the defacto free trade of labor across borders that has allowed up to 10% of Mexico's population to work/live illegally in the US, makes us the assholes, eh? 
How have we been pricks? For caring about our border and enforcing our own laws? You shitlibs are insufferable 
You're right.  So what if we have some illegal immigrants raping and killing.  This makes it all better so let them stay.  And rape.  And kill.
That's awesome!
Being Mexican, I'm 100% sure they were making fun of you. I'm just glad you take it well, because making fun of anyone, including ourselves, is a very Mexican thing. The more you bother someone, usually means the better friend you consider him/her.
on the payment thing, pretty sure that our fire rescue wouldn't expect a tourist to pay them for their troubles either.
I'm not your amigo, carnal. 
This is the time when bad hombres would make sense. Edit: Because quotation marks are sometimes sarcastic.  
It's not because capitalism, it's because you want people to pay for their own tows. The Coast Guard is a lifesaving service, not aquatic AAA. 
> If a boat needed a tow, we were supposed to refer them to local tow companies because, capitalism.> However, if a person was ill or if children were involved, then we could tow them.Like /u/das_thorn wrote, it's not about capitalism. It's because you're a limited resource, and your job isn't to be AAA, it's to be available to rescue people who need it like being ill or children in danger, which you won't be if you're responding to every boater who bites off more than they can chew
400 miles offshore if they were hurt/sick/in danger  wouldn't they just pick them up with a helicopter and tell them to scuttle or abandon the boat?
Uh, not really all that misleading. What else would you call someone who sails sailboats? Also you may want to take this up with the fine folks over in r/sailing. They'd love to hear that they're not actually sailors.
More accurately, people who support Trump should have a more level headed view and not blindly believe Trump's retoric that all Mexicans are fore evil.
>drug traffic, human trafficOh yeah, the same drug trade the CIA supports, and the refugee crisis caused by us backing rightwing dictators and paramilitary groups. 
> Mexico did what the international law of the sea dictatesWhat part of the international law of the sea dictates that?
Are you sailing on the ocean?Congrats, you're a sailor.
Actually, Mexicos Navy is the main branch to fight the cartels. They're not as corrupt/bribed as the army.
I just found this cool [website](http://www.globalfirepower.com/country-military-strength-detail.asp?country_id=mexico). They're ranked 31 on military strength.
*Raises hand*
Towing americans is not their job.
Well, shocked that they're more preocupied for u.s. citizens than the u.s. itself
What is sad about enforcing the law?
It always amazes me how *some* Americans seem proud to flaunt their ignorance around for the world to see. Edit: added some.
Not Juan for military knowledge?
The american navy will tell you to fuck off.
I wonder if it really was a boat of illegals coming over. They realized it was Americans and thought oh shit and then towed then to get in to the us
Have you ever heard of the **Gulf of Mexico**, or maybe the Pacific Ocean?
Have you ever looked at a map? are you mentally disabled?
Because it borders ocean
I love it when someone that doesn't know shit about Mexico , speaks about Mexico. 
Hi, Dad!
I know this is a joke, but I would like to point out all their registers have a PESOS to USD conversion button. They prefer receiving USD to PESOS since it's worth more to them. Next time you go to Mexico just ask how much in USD? and they'll give you the right amount. 
And because a single dollar was not nearly as much as they wanted for a 170 nautical mile tow.
Regresastes papa!?
Or full of drugs?
I was in the coast guard auxiliary for a little while. (Plan on doing it again after my son is older). They do not provide tows if its not a danger. The coast guard has been sued multiple times by third party companies. So they tell you to call a company unless your in immediate danger.
*sobs comically*
It works out.  Mexico ran the numbers and one Mexican Navy toe is around $15 billion.  And it just so happens....
Most Mexicans also know that 70% of Americans are not Republicans. Why would they punish Americans who have nothing to do with the Republican Party? 
Eh ok but the US sailors weren't US Navy. 
Yeah, but these were civilians with a broken sailboat.*It says it in the article that these were not military personnel.  Read the article.
Trump wants to cut it. Tremendously.
Oh so that's why we expect other countries to aid our citizens in their time of distress? We scratch their back, they scratch ours? You scratch me once I'll scratch you again...cause you can't scratch your own back!
The problem is that many of the countries we provide aid to, we've destroyed economically which has made them dependent, and it's not as if that aid doesn't come with strings attached. One of those issues that has caused a great deal of turmoil for central and south America in particular, is the US government backed drug trade. 
More is relative: I believe around .1% GDP. I don't think that is more than Scandinavian countries or germany? Not sure, interested to see if you look it up.
Very is relative. Not being stingy just factual: the US invests less than .1% GDP 
> BTW the US has a yearly deficit of SIXTY BILLION w/ Mexico: we buy most of what they sell.I've been running a $5000 trade deficit with Apple over the past decade. They must be royally screwing me over. 
The US has a worse trade deficit with China, Germany and Japan, just so you know... and of course they want to buy from Mexico, it's extremely cheap! That doesn't mean the US is losing anything (what's your trade deficit with your local supermarket? ) ... http://i.imgur.com/Dpb14ie.png 
>BTW the US has a yearly deficit of SIXTY BILLION w/ Mexico: we buy most of what they sell.  And that's bad... why?  I'm not saying it's good or bad, I just want an economic master mind like yourself to explain why it's bad.
You mean our representative government?
And what has the government done? Mean words... 
>>especially considering what pricks **we've** been to Mexico lately.>Woah there. we haven't done shit to mexico. Our government has. That is a huge distinction. Our government hasn't done anything to Mexico either
Building a wall isn't exactly a sign of good will. From an outsiders perspective (Dutch in this case), I can see why building a wall is at the very least insulting. Calling people shitlibs won't help you bring your point across.
Looks like my whole family is full of murderers and rapist. Cool  
You're right. We don't have ANY crazed US citizens committing violent crimes or terrorist acts. And there aren't ANY illegal immigrants who add to the community they're in, or pay sales tax, or do jobs that Americans won't do, or try to get in legally even though it takes almost two decades for many of them and they aren't allowed to get married. Nope, that's all false.
You forgot the stealing. Every dollar an illegal immigrant makes in the US is theft. 
I'm not your carnal, guey!
I'm not your carnal, hombre
I said The Coast Guard auxiliary. I didn't see the Coast Guard. Look it up. The Coast Guard auxiliary arevolunteers to patrol the waterway to assist boaters in need. So the Coast Guard doesn't have to. 
No its because the third party companies that tow sued the coast guard. So the coast guard said fine we won't do that anymore. Since the coast guards funds keep getting cut your reason is what they say instead of the lawsuit part. This is what I was told in the auxiliary.
they should be though add that to the job, serve the people :D
That's what the article said....
L Ron Hubbard was a real sailor and he defeated the mexican navy.
Completely non-sequitur, derivative, zero content and irrelevant comment.
Sure, let's blame the victim. The mind of some redditors is a menagerie of absurdities. 
So far they're not doing a very good job though.
Spoken like the average uninformed, Dunning-Kruger redditor.
law of sea.
I'm confident literally any navy would do this for a country they're not actively at war with 
Why is that shocking!? I think its very normal for sailors to help each other out when in distress, regardless of nationality. . Its a shame it took an impasse like the trump administration for news media to take notice of good examples of neighourly relations between mexico and the USA. But you shouldnt indulge their cynicism by feeding into it. Some commenters here would have you believe theres a war of sorts between the two countries and this is somehow exceptional behaviour. 
They're people. Why wouldn't they be worried about people?
> It is sad to enforce an unjust law.Mexicans have been in America since before whites knew it existed.  Whites need to return to Europe, and you need to give Palestinians their land back.
I'm gonna choose to believe that his comment wasn't out of ignorance, but was simply a reference to [a bit in Joe Rogan's stand up](https://youtu.be/-QfiLhPDYek).*fuck! Mexico has an air force!?. *Yeah I'm probably wrong but it helps me accept things :P
Showing your prejudice there mate, you have no idea of their nationality and you shouldn't assume. What's the difference between that and saying It always amazes me how some blacks seem proud to flaunt their ignorance.... Both feature groups that can't change something people hate them for.
... I'm not going to dispute the point, but I do want to call a little extra attention to the name of the person offering it... cheers to you, sir.Edit: meant to say I enjoyed the added levity.
God givin right to do so
These idiots need to go back to school.Maybe put that $21+ Billion wall money to education instead.
Hola, Padre!
It's not even a dad joke.
Nope, people prefer USD to pesos in Mexico because they are giving you an abusive exchange rate.
Spoken like a true tourist. You are so much better off paying with pesos, many stores away from tourist areas won't even accept USD..
/r/YouShouldKnow 
Why would it be worth more of they're using a conversion rate? Isn't the point to be equal? 
Life pro tip. The vast majority of Mexico operates very differently than the tourist areas on the coast. This won't work inland. 
Why would they punish me for deporting criminal illegal aliens? 
I know a lot of Republicans in my state who love Mexicans. Not all Republicans are bad. 
Yeah because Republicans are the only ones who have ever wanted to stop illegal immigration.I love how you say it like that too, as if the rest of the 70% is just against republicans.  Reality is that less than 30% area also democrats, 40% are independents who could go either way.
Plus people of the same position tend to have a greater respect for each other.  The president's views aren't everyone else's views.  
Ok lunatic, you think they'd punish an American if they found out he was republican?  Do you have any idea how dumb you sound right now?
70%? That's generous
Bc they show appreciation by treating the US as Mexicos Welfare State.
Not sure why you're being downvoted. The US does give the most in straight dollars, but as a percentage of GDP we're not near the top of the list. This sort of thing happens when you're much bigger than other wealthy countries and much wealthier than other big countries.
I doubt countries care what percentage of gdp the aid they receive is. 
>Very is relative. Not being stingy just factual: the US invests less than .1% GDP  Luckily our GDP is so larger that even a fraction of a percentage is still a significant amount.
They are. You're poorer, they're richer, not least because they're buying nothing from you.
China and Mexico are problems, and dealing w/ them requires specific lines of action. Germany and Japan, not so much. Look at the types of import from each country. You are of course aware that the Mexican problem is worsened by the fact that Mexican immigrants send back US$31 BILLION every year, so the big picture w/ Mexico involves several factors. 
See my other replies on this thread. Protracted deficits eventually become a hindrance to the importing economy. It's not that hard to figure out. 
It isn't representative any more.
Until I see a birth certificate, Trump is a Russian plant.
Mean words from a country that is somehow globally respected. That causes damage.
Dumb libruls. It doesn't matter when Governments start saying mean words to each other. What do they expect Trump to be? Diplomatic? That's why President Bannon won.
It is trying to.
You border belgium and germany. Countries with equal HDI and GDP. And you are really going to lecture us on illegal immigration that costs the US $100 billion per year? I don't think you're in any position to speak about border security Haans Edit: good think you dykes have Geert at least. I know my family is voting for him since they are tired of the Islamic invasion of Holland
>Looks like my whole family is full of murderers and rapist. Cool   Your whole family is full of illegal immigrants?
Gat damn my family must be a crime mob then lol. 
http://imgur.com/Sxm6pimLooks like all you do is post to /r/The_Donald and /r/conspiracy. I'll wait until you expand your horizons before I start paying attention to your parroted rhetoric.
Good point.
I'm not your guey, ese.
Disculpe seor, usted va a tener que mover sus globos.
Actually, a correction to make YOUR comment more factually accurate. If you tell the truth from the start, you won't need to be corrected in future.
Welcome to Reddit!
Except the U$A, where when you are up shit creek without a paddle they will tell you to hire a towing company.
It's shocking to me that the u.s. told them to call a tow boat while they were stranded with no control of the boat, 400miles away from the coast
Yeah it's pretty reasonable for sailors to help other sailors in distress. Typically, whatever rescue vessel is closest to the site is the one who provides help to the boat in distress.
I'll give you $200 USD if you prove any of the multiple idiots that posted this same comment aren't american.
Every dime would be wasted. A quick look at their history shows it.
Thanks mom.
Why would anyone peso much??
Most countries are like this.  People should buy using whatever the local country currency is, or they can pay in dollars and pay an extra 50% convenience fee on everything if they like.  
Yep.   Nothing like getting gringo'd with that 10 to 1 exchange rate.   We go to Playa del Carmen and always pay in pesos.   Pisses me off when we go diving in Cozumel and the restaurants/bars only have prices in USD and gringo you the other way when you pay in pesos.  Can't win down there.  Although the dive shops usually give you a discount if you pay cash instead of card.
No, that's just how currency exchange works.Do you think i call paying an equivalent of 100usd per videogame abusive exchange rate?I call it life. :(
They use a shitty conversion rate. You're basically paying them a fee to change your money.
From my experience recently, it is always better to pay in pesos. Airport money exchanges were giving nearly 22 pesos per USD. However, outside places were usually exhanching an equivalent of 18-19 pesos per dollar. 
You should read about how Mexico treats the illegal aliens that cross Mexico's southern border.
Why should they help you if you're not a Mexican citizen?That's not punishing you, it's just putting their own national interests above all else. It's not so nice when someone does it back to you, is it?
> *... criminal illegal aliens...*Translation: I am a highly biased, emotional voter rather than a rational one - and not one to pass up any demonizing term in my vocabulary when my fingers hit the keyboard.
>Why would they punish me for deporting criminal illegal aliens?  Lol there are very few people against deporting criminal illegals and securing our border. WASTING money on a wall and than lying that Mexico will pay for it and later threatening higher tariffs towards Mexico? That's a much different story. I'd much rather people stick to the narrative rather than move goalposts. 
> criminal illegal aliens    You forgot to add 'mega'.
Shhhhh, don't tell them the truth.  Their heads may implode.  I'm going to guess these 'racists' cannot decipher the difference between Mexican and Illegal Immigrant.  Everyone wants to stop illegal immigration, there is no reason for America to carry a burden from another country when we have our our burdens we need to take care of already.  
It's fucking nuts this even has to be said!
Then why do they vote Republican, knowing full well their vote is essentially a voice of support for the current level of xenophobic rhetoric towards Mexicans (and tan people in general)?  I identify as Democrat, and I'll typically vote Democrat, but it's only because the candidates I support aren't pushing a rhetoric that would make me personally ashamed to repeat out of my own mouth.  When a Dem or leftist DOES say something I find repulsive, I call them out on it loud and clear.So, where are these moderate Republicans calling out their representatives loud and clear on this stuff?
> *Yeah because Republicans are the only ones who have ever wanted to stop illegal immigration.*On the flip side, epublicans are the primary proponents in that effort, making great noise about something that is in really a side show when compared against the other challenges this country faces.I mean, in a Nation of some 320 million people, look at who they selected to be the BEST choice to be President.Yep, thems your epublicans.
Yeah, by working their asses off at hotels chicken plants picking food; paying SSI they will never see. Much worse than a bunch of Cadillac driving welfare queens.
Which is why you compare different sized populations using per capita or % of GDP.    From [List of development aid country donors](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_development_aid_country_donors), I can see:  > #1 United States  $31.08 billion  ...  \#9  Norway  $4.28 billion    Population:  Norway 5.5 million  USA 320 million  The US should, to give on the same level as Norway, not give $31 billion but 58 x 4.28 billion or $248 billion to be on the same per capita level as Norway!
And less charitable than other wealthy countries.
> You're poorer, they're richer, not least because they're buying nothing from you.No because I have various Apple devices now that I didn't have before.Trade is trade. Apple never stuck a gun in my face and forced me to trade. Mexico never stuck a gun in America's face and told Americans to buy stuff. 
....do you think Mexico is richer than the us?
> You are of course aware that the Mexican problem is worsened by the fact that Mexican immigrants send back US$31 BILLION every yearIf anything, this helps lessen the trade deficit as US-Mexico capital outflows make US exports in Mexico more competitive, I'm sure you heard of that when you studied International Economics.
China and Mexico aren't the real problem, it's the US that is the problem... you want things very cheap and go crazy when there is price rises due to factors outside your control. Blame the US corporations who manufacture products in other countries instead of blaming the countires willing to accept foreign corporations that provide jobs for the locals rather than blaming other countries.
America is an economy that has huge economies based upon not importing or exporting anything at all, aka Financial services. These services along make up a huge portion of the US GDP.
When was th last time that it was? What has changed? 
While Mexico isn't even close to being globally respected. I wonder why that is. Maybe it has to do with their weak economy, high crime rates, high poverty rates, weak currency and rampant corruption. They have a major cartel problem, they can't secure their own borders, they can't even keep dangerous criminals from escaping their prisons. You have beheadings, child trafficking and a multitude of kidnappings and other problems that have been spilling over into the U.S. But geez.. Trump wants them to pay for a wall and rightly points out that rapists, murderers and other criminals have been coming into this country illegally for decades. If US cities on the Canadian border were plagued by crime and violence would you be claiming that Canada was destroying their global reputation by getting upset and calling for border security and stopping criminals from entering? No, because if you go to the U.S Canada border today, they are extremely strict. They would never put up with illegal immigration of the magnitude that we see on our Southern border.
>Dumb libruls. It doesn't matter when Governments start saying mean words to each other. What do they expect Trump to be? Diplomatic? That's why President Bannon won. Crybaby liberals. Tell me exactly how these words have harmed either country. Meanwhile crime is on the rise in Mexico and is spilling over into U.S cities near the southern border. But.. but... Trump said mean words. http://www.ioangrillo.com/narco/mexico16.phpMexico is corrupt to the core and yet you think Trumps lack of Dimplomacy towards Mexico is a problem. They can't even get their own country in order as they export crime, drugs, arms and sex trafficking to the U.S. whahhhhhhhh.... Trump is a bad man... whhhhaaaaa... maybe you are right, liberals aren't very bright. 
Again with the Haans. Just like the shitlibs, it tends to make people not want to listen to anything you have to say.The 100 billion though, I am curious where that number comes from and what it exactly means. Is there a checklist showing what exactly the American people are losing money on? Aside from that, is a giant wall actually necessary? I've been searching around and found that the union leader of the 'National Border Patrol Council' (representing 16,000 agents) said the following in an interview:JUDD: In fact, I was in discussions with the transition team yesterday. If you were to ask me, I would say that we - right now, again, we have about 10 to 15 percent of our border has a - has an actual fence. If I were to quantify an actual number, I would say that we need about 30 percent. Thirty percent of our border has to have an actual fence, comma wall.It seems to me then, that having the wall stretch the entire border seems a bit superfluous. I wouldn't dare lecture anyone on anything i'm not specialized in, but if the union leader representing 16000 agents says that the wall is too big then it seems like a waste of money.
your family are in America illegally?
That is why civil asset forfeiture is a great idea for illegal immigration.
You corrected nothing. Your comment is unrelated and pathetic. 
You mean the same country that takes it huge floating water treatment centers to countries when ever a disaster hits?
If your boat is disabled and your life is in danger the coast Guard will come get you, but you have to scuttle or abandon your boat.If you want to keep the boat call sea tow.
400 miles from the coast puts them waaaaaay out of the coast guard's jurisdiction... The coast guard is meant to deal with maritime issues within the boundaries of a country's home water, not out at sea. In international waters, you are the problem of the closest navy.
Wasnt reasonable for the u.s. sailors
Does it matter if they're actually American? Did you not read my comment? You're being bigoted and prejudiced as hell. It's honestly disgusting, please don't come to Europe. Just because someone conforms to your bigoted world view doesn't mean you can make those comments.
Dad! STAWHP!
I was just living there for 6 months and it's always better to pay in pesos. Most atms charge a fee of 30 pesos, but using your card/USD at places they will charge you even more. Especially at airports, everything is cheaper in pesos.
Like they have amnesty every two years? Like the fact that you can't be deported if you have family in Mexico? So terrible.
To be fair, business owners who hire illegals are probably treated the same. Mostly ignored but if caught, have to pay a small fine before we look the other way.
Or what hillary thought of illegal immigration.>Mexico is such an important problem [snip] Mexican governments policies are pushing migration north [snip] There isnt any sensible approach except to do what we need to do simultaneouslyyou know, secure our borders with technology, personnel, physical barriers [such as a wall, ed.] if necessary in some places. And we need to have tougher employer sanctions and we need to try to incentivize Mexico to do more [snip] ** theyve committed transgressions of whatever kind, they should be obviously deported.**
I mean, there's a tiny bit of a difference between offering someone a ride and having 11 million of your own citizens living illegally in another country and tacitly supporting it. 
How is calling someone what they are biased or demonizing?
How is calling them what they are racist, emotional or biased? Calling them a racial slur would be an emotional response calling them illegal aliens is literally describing what they are. And, yes, criminal fits because they're committing a crime by definition by illegally entering and residing in the US. 
Don't draw attention to the fact that their rhetoric is vapid and emotional. You're just going to make [more of them show up](https://www.reddit.com/r/news/comments/5td16j/mexican_navy_comes_to_rescue_of_stranded_american/ddmeasl/) to reassure themselves of how no one disagrees with them and we're all Soros bots.
Umm not sure, but next time you are in politics try saying it's ok to be deporting criminal illegals and securing our border.I just feel a wall ISN'T a big deal, are there more pressing matters like crime, infastructure, jobs, and education? Yes, but is building a wall going to destroy civilizations progress, and lead to a dark age? No.I'm a proponent of taxing remittances to Mexico(24 billion last year) to help pay for the wall. That money would be taxed through a sales tax if used here anyways right? Actually now that I think about it South American uses that border to gain access to the US, so why not tax those countries as well. http://www.tradingeconomics.com/mexico/remittances
>shhhhstop writing like this, its cringy. 
Registered democrat here, i voted in my primaries but not the election(couldn't pick between the two turd sandwiches).  Regardless i live in a blue state that has been under Dem rule for decades now, and it hasn't been good.  You talk about moderate republicans not calling out their representatives while we all witnessed a certain lady throw a fellow democrat under the bus and sabotage him and his campaign.  From my perspective i've seen a lot of exaggeration against republicans from the current establishment that is fighting to stay relevant, Trump is no exception.  I see people in this comment section referring to republicans as if they are real life nazis for simply having a different ideology (spare me the racist and xenophobia talk).  I've seen much worse said against Trump supporters simply for wanting the laws of the land to be upheld, and i'll say deporting illegal immigrants is not racist, it's not xenophobic.  This constant beating of the drum that is fuck trump, fuck republicans or fuck anybody who has a different opinion than me has made me decide i'd be voting republican next time around because frankly all i've seen from the Democrats is corruption at the highest level, and the supporters do not speak loudly against it because they are on your side.I got exhausted and said fuck it, i'm going republican because frankly, you've all lost your god damned minds. 
What'll really blow your mind, is the Mexican and tan people as you call them, who are republicans.
Your acting as though we had a selection of millions of people though. When it came down to it the primaries had what? Like less than dozens of candidates in all?  I mean how much people did we literally get to vote for ? As in an option on the ballot. Not that many.
It wasnt just republicans that voted for him. And some people saw it as there least harmful option, not best.
I like what you did there. Flipped that R around so it looks Russian. Also, because Yaepublicans is sorta funny to say out loud. 
> hotels chicken plants picking foodWhat, what does this even mean?
We spend about $550 billion a year on defense. It's not to keep us from getting invaded.
These devices cost them less to make and sell than the labor that's been used to gather the money to pay for them. The more you buy and the less you sell, the poorer you are.This is reddit: people who are completely unaware of the most basic facts about the economy.
It's not about Mexico being richer, but getting richer off American taxpayers for a drawn-out period of time. This had to be addressed much sooner because it costs Average Americans, particularly the working poor, direct and indirect benefits.
When the person in charge actually got more votes than the other guy.
Trump is a representative of the states and other electorates, not the people. The electoral college voted for him against the wishes of the people. Those are both unbending facts.The last guy, Obama, was both a representative of the states plus other electorates and the people. Republicans have only been chosen for the presidency by the people *once* since h.w's time.
> They have a major cartel problemIn large part due to the US's drug policies.> they can't secure their own bordersThe only effective way to do that is to make sure your neighboring countries are happy.>weak economy, high crime rates, high poverty rates, weak currencyThose are all correlation. Likely caused by the corruption you mentioned.>can't even keep dangerous criminals from escaping their prisonsAlso a correlation due to corruption. So like six of the problems you mentioned are actually just one problem - corruption.>They would never put up with illegal immigration of the magnitude that we see on our Southern border.Actually, they are fortunate to live next to a fortunate neighbor so they don't really have to worry about us. If America was doing as shittily as Mexico was, then Canada would be having a similar problem that we are having. And I bet they'd be smart enough to not seriously consider building a wall lol.Edit: Just realized that guy is quite stupid...
> While Mexico isn't even close to being globally respected.We're much more globally respected now than the US has been for the past two weeks or so.
Exactly. Two things can never be wrong at the same time. The fact Mexico has problems means Trump acting like an idiot towards world leaders is not a problem. These dumb libruls just don't understand my flawless logic
They are now. They weren't in the past. 
Do you also have a confederate flag flying?  
Now, the only word in your latest post that isn't an objective lie is pathetic and frankly, if your only retort when someone calls you out on your lies is to throw childish insults around, you probably shouldn't have lied in the first place.Grow up.
RTFA, that's exactly what they did.
Reread the second sentence I wrote. We also don't know which maritime authority was closer, and the distressed boat may have been in Mexican waters or international water, not US. Being stranded in another country's waters makes you that country's problem, not the problem of the navy or coast guard of wherever your vessel's port-of-call is. Also, iirc you become a navy's problem when you reach international waters. Coast Guards only operate within the boundaries of their country's waters.Imagine a US chartered sailboat being in distress, let's say in the Mediterranean Sea near Sicily, for the sake of hypothetical argument. Your port-of-call may be in the US, but you're in Italian waters which makes you the Italian Coast Guard's (and possibly navy's) problem. However, if the Italian authorities know that some other friendly country has ships closer to you and that ship can get to you faster, the authorities will usually reach out to the crew of the closer ship and coordinate a rescue like that.If anyone has more knowledge of maritime law, please feel free to correct me.
This is half true, the part that's missing is that you should make sure your bank won't charge you an extra fee for every withdrawal. Because that can add up very quickly.
I think you'll find that the vast majority of Americans aren't against securing our borders. There just happen to be a lot of us are against spending $30bn on a wall that will require millions of dollars of daily upkeep when a) illegal immigration has slowed recently. b) 50% of illegal immigrants fly into the US. c) we have a ton of other priorities likes our crumbling infrstructure and our lack of affordable housing. 
The funny thing is no one is taking about Clinton. She's not the president, detecting to her doesn't do anything anymore.
The big difference is Trump wants to blow 20 billion in a wall, instead of a more useful mix of border security technologies, and Trump (and Republicans in general) wants to deport all illegal immigrants, instead of creating a pathway to legal residency for the poeple already here and living peacefully
Lots of snips in there.
Or Bill Clinton https://youtu.be/m3yesvvYEvs
So are you really looking forward to all the fruit picking and day labor jobs that deportation will open up?
>Umm not sure, but next time you are in politics try saying it's ok to be deporting criminal illegals and securing our border.Most people openly support it? Not too sure what your point is.>I just feel a wall ISN'T a big deal, are there more pressing matters like crime, infastructure, jobs, and education? Yes, but is building a wall going to destroy civilizations progress, and lead to a dark age? No.It's still a waste of money. Same could be said about the bridge to nowhere in Alaska. >I'm a proponent of taxing remittances to Mexico(24 billion last year) to help pay for the wall. That money would be taxed through a sales tax if used here anyways right? Actually now that I think about it South American uses that border to gain access to the US, so why not tax those countries as well. http://www.tradingeconomics.com/mexico/remittancesI'm a fan of actually having stricter methods of tracking travelers visas since most illegals just overstay on those. OR use planes/boats to come in. Most drug cartels use underground tunnel systems nowadays.Forgive my guesstimation but I'd be shocked if this wall even solves 15% of our immigration problem. The cost isn't justified in my opinion. I do however support the on going deportation of illegals as long as its done legally and properly. Meaning I hope their are no police members beating immigrants and no flashbangs killing babies.
what are you talking about?
If you read any of my older comments, you'll see that I am an ardent supporter of centrist views and cooperation with moderate rights.I think there are good Republicans.I am, however, disgusted by the very real actions being taken in our government.  Please forgive me, but I am somewhat skeptical of the idea that someone would have voted in the Democratic primaries, presumably to support a left-leaning platform, and then throw all of those ideas away to support an opposing platform simply because it's under enormous fire.Do you mean to say that, despite your prior support for a non-Hillary Dem, you are actually supportive of what is going on in the government right now?  Do you support the termination of the EPA?  (See Congress.gov for bill)  Do you support dismantling LGBT rights?  Do you support collectivism (aka 'states rights', at the expense of rational lawmaking)?  Do you support DeVos and the voucher system, despite the catastrophic damage it'll likely inflict on rural and already underfunded school systems?  The destruction of overtime laws?  Do you support the repeal of Obamacare, without a replacement?  (Admittedly, there is Republican debate on this, but the fact that it's a debate is disheartening.)  Tell me, how do you feel about making all IVF children illegitimate with no legal parents, or forcing rape victims and children to have babies and (dare I say it) endure the choice between a life-long custody battle or child support?  Cutting SNAP?  Cutting housing assistance?  Gutting the FCC?  Dismantling the ethics committee?  Defanging consumer protection agencies?  Rolling back Dodd-Frank?You talk about deporting immigrants, and upholding the law of the land -- but do you support doing so when the process is being committed recklessly?You're offended by the use of the term 'racist' and 'xenophobia', but you don't see any problem to alluding to all Mexicans as criminals and rapists, or all Muslims as terrorists?  You don't feel that this rhetoric causes undue strain on our international relationships with other governments -- governments who, by the way, we have long cooperated with?  You aren't the least bit concerned with the Republican state bills meant to destroy the right to protest by giving vehicular homicides a free pass or the talk about using lethal force against protesters?  I have a lot of problems with Dems and I was a Bernie supporter, so I know all about him getting the sh*t end of the deal at the primaries, but by and large, Dems rarely put forth so many controversial, and extreme, issues at once.
Not necessarily. Mexico has a large population of rabid catholics that tend to be very conservative. Machismo is still very much a thing, as well.What they don't understand is that the major Christian branches in the US don't actually like each other very much to begin with, and Catholic's on par with Mormon to a Baptist.
My aunt is actually a Mexican Republican.Oh, the conversations.... were.. colorful. lol
Republicans had a LOT of choices for their candidate, let's just be clear.This wasn't Trump vs Hillary.  Hillary was having her own little battle with Bernie when Trump became the Republican sweetheart.There were at least a dozen other Republicans put forward and Trump was the pony that the party put all of its hope in.
People were saying shake things up, not least harmful. You know how every armchair political scientist on reddit harps on and on endlessly about the lesser of two evils? That lesser of two evils was always clinton, not trump.
I assume it means that a lot of illegals work in hotels, on farms, and whatever a chicken plant is. 
> This is reddit: people who are completely unaware of the most basic facts about the economy.> Hahha the dunning kruger level from you is off the charts
So the US was never designed as representative in the first place?
Hillary got more votes than Obama in the Democratic primaries. I guess Obama didn't represent the will of the people either. Welcome to the U.S goverenment, same government that has existed for over a century. But now that Trump won we no longer have a representative government... riiiiight. The electoral college doesn't count popular vote, it never has. So what are you bitching about? 
Did you bother to read what I was responding to?
>In large part due to the US's drug policies.And because Mexico is corrupt and poor. That makes for a breeding ground of criminal activity. >The only effective way to do that is to make sure your neighboring countries are happy.Nothing makes neighbors more happy than knowing their neighbors can't keep their shit together and the cops always have to be called. People are sick of empty words, play nice, kiss ass, get nothing done. That's the failing relationship between Mexico and the U.S. it has been that way for a long time. The time for making people happy and getting nothing in return is over.>Also a correlation due to corruption. So like six of the problems you mentioned are actually just one problem - corruption.Mexico was corrupt long before the U.S escalated its war on drugs. So maybe these problems start on their end. All the more reason to secure our border and hold Mexico accountable  form their failures.>Actually, they are fortunate to live next to a fortunate neighbor so they don't really have to worry about us. If America was doing as shittily as Mexico was, then Canada would be having a similar problem that we are having. And I bet they'd be smart enough to not seriously consider building a wall lol.Thanks for proving my point. We don't owe anything to Mexico. They are a failing state that we help prop up. Canada would be fools to turn a blind eye to the U.S if we were as screwed up as Mexico. The wall is just there to piss off people who had no issue with wasting money so long as they agree with it. Triggering leftists makes it worth every penny as far as I'm concerned.  
>Exactly. Two things can never be wrong at the same time. The fact Mexico has problems means Trump acting like an idiot towards world leaders is not a problem. These dumb libruls just don't understand my flawless logic It's not a problem because Mexico is a corrupt shithole that doesn't respect the laws and customs of the U.S. That's why they disrespect this nation by not policing their borders and keeping their rapists, sex traffickers, arms smugglers, drug runner and other criminals out of our country. And speaking of dumb, look at the average IQ in Mexico... derrrrrrrr... they must be liberals. 
how does that happen?
Nope, are you jerking off to Jerry Garcia's poster in mom's basement?
Your 3 comments have ZERO value.
Or healthcare. Or Education
Understood, I get where your perspective is and respect that. I'll share my thoughts.A. Reported and documented illegal immigration has slowed, no way to tell the actual number. And when cities don't turn over criminal illegal aliens I feel that makes our country less safe. I don't believe in sanctuary cities.B. Which is why we need to address visa loopholes and have a better tracking system.C. We do, I hope some bipartisan work can be done on that end, but I have no faith in our government wanting to help trump with anything like a major infrastructure bill right now. I hope the Wall is funded by remittances to Mexico http://www.tradingeconomics.com/mexico/remittances
Sure I get that. I just like it to counter the people that think only republicans want to stop illegal immigration(not assuming you or most do, but I've seen enough to warrant its use).
So, just to be clear, you're supporting the exploitation of underprivileged people by ruthless capitalists? 
How about some work visas and legal rights to go along with that exploitation?
Point was there is a major movement against deporting criminal illegal aliens and securing our border. And I said if you say anything about securing the border, or deporting criminal illegal aliens I've been called a racist, xenophobic, hitler voting idiot. Cool, agreed about visa loopholes and overstays. A wall with underground movement sensors will help detect tunnel systems. Saudi Arabia uses them http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/middleeast/saudiarabia/11344116/Revealed-Saudi-Arabias-Great-Wall-to-keep-out-Isil.htmlSo I believe securing that border with south america will help reduce the heroin that gets in our country(http://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/statements/2016/sep/13/donald-trump/trump-right-heroin-coming-through-southern-border/) Absolutely I only support the deportation of criminal aliens that committed crimes. If they are profiled without committing a crime I hope ACLU wins the case and they become rich.
>You talk about deporting immigrants, and upholding the law of the land -- but do you support doing so when the process is being committed recklesslyRecklessly?  I've yet to see that>You're offended by the use of the term 'racist' and 'xenophobia', but you don't see any problem to alluding to all Mexicans as criminals and rapists, or all Muslims as terrorists?See here you don't mind stereotyping republicans, even centrists as racist xenophobics while saying all republicans stereotype mexicans as criminals and muslims as terrorists.  Take your own advice.The rest is just you grasping straws and exaggerating really.  Like..>You aren't the least bit concerned with the Republican state bills meant to destroy the right to protest by giving vehicular homicides a free pass or the talk about using lethal force against protesters? Given the recent event at berkley i can't say i am bothered states are passing bills by giving vehicular homicide a pass when their car gets surrounded by violent rioters.  Yea riots, not PROTESTS.  Key wording there.   That's not infringing on your right to protest and i don't see how you connect the two that way.  I can already tell you watch way too much main stream news given your opinions on Republicans and the outrageous claims you made.As for the other things you're freaking out about, they are more complicated and i can't give a simple answer but you're talking a lot of whataboutism.Also i wanna hit on this comment you made>Then why do they vote Republican, knowing full well their vote is essentially a voice of support for the current level of xenophobic rhetoric towards Mexicans (and tan people in general)? Voting republican doesn't make you racist against tan people, stop it with that bull shit.  You scream intolerance at the other side and can't even muster the back bone to tolerate a different opinion that isn't controversial or at best contentious.  
If I was to tell you in politics everything is perspective and there's no right and wrong could you agree? 
lesser of two evils was what I was trying to think of. Sorry couldnt remember so put least harmful. And yeah some people do want to shake it up, however, youre generalizing. I said some people not all. And just because you believe Clinton was the lesser of two evils does not at all mean that everyone see agrees. Some people chose Trump, because they found him the lesser of two evils.And yes a lot of people do harp about it on here.
Sure, I'm the one who thinks buying stuff makes you richer. The final irony is that your misguided mention of the Dunning-Kruger effect is another evidence of how it operates. 
I answered your question, dummy. The answer was Obama, from 2012 to 2016.
Yup exactly everyone in Mexico is a corrupt idiot. Of course they will get along with liberals. If they don't see things our way, the only explanation is that they're unintelligent creatures. Welcome to u/juslen alternate reality. Where facts are all alternative!
They immigrated illegally from El Salvador in the 90's and 80's over time they got their green cards and some of them are becoming citizens. Y'all do know their is a way of becoming legal if you're illegal right? 
Visa expired? 
You don't find making mom's basement jokes when you post in conspiracy a little hypocritical?  You kinda have to give that one up, ya know?
And yet significantly more than your posts, by virtue of being factually accurate.
> A. Reported and documented illegal immigration has slowed, no way to tell the actual number. And when cities don't turn over criminal illegal aliens I feel that makes our country less safe. I don't believe in sanctuary cities.> Why do you think the federal government should be allowed to stick another unfunded and onerous mandate in local governments?
What do you think you're saying when you say:I hope the Wall is funded by remittances to MexicoI don't think you know what you are actually saying when you put that combination of words together. Let's somehow pay for the wall by sending money to Mexico?Maybe you are actually suggesting that we seize remittances being sent to civilians in Mexico? Let me dispel that fantasy scenario for you: not going to happen.
Only Republicans want bulk deportation and a massive wall
So, just to be clear, you answered a question with a question. Are you aware that's rude?
> work visas and legal rightsThat would require Congress to work together legislation. Let's not get ridiculous here!
>The rest is just you grasping straws and exaggerating really.Uh not really grasping at straws here.>Do you support the termination of the EPA? (See Congress.gov for bill) Do you support dismantling LGBT rights? Do you support collectivism (aka 'states rights', at the expense of rational lawmaking)? Do you support DeVos and the voucher system, despite the catastrophic damage it'll likely inflict on rural and already underfunded school systems? The destruction of overtime laws? Do you support the repeal of Obamacare, without a replacement? (Admittedly, there is Republican debate on this, but the fact that it's a debate is disheartening.) Tell me, how do you feel about making all IVF children illegitimate with no legal parents, or forcing rape victims and children to have babies and (dare I say it) endure the choice between a life-long custody battle or child support? Cutting SNAP? Cutting housing assistance? Gutting the FCC? Dismantling the ethics committee? Defanging consumer protection agencies? Rolling back Dodd-Frank?
The world is just shades of gray is a childish delusion. The holocaust was not a gray area. Slavery was not a gray area. My best friend being told he can't see his dying grandfather because he's a threat to america, despite having lived in america his entire life **IS NOT A FUCKING GRAY AREA**
I didn't say all, either. you were the first one to use that word, just now, goof. :sand I assumed we were talking about non-republicans. obviously plenty of republicans saw trump as the lesser evil, but not a whole hell of a lot of non-republicans saw trump as the lesser evil.
> Sure, I'm the one who thinks buying stuff makes you richer. How does it not make you richer? 
Oh dear lord, just stop. You're burying yourself here with a fairly basic misunderstanding of economics, and reading it went from funny to painful real quick.
And Obama lost the popular vote in 2008 during the Democratic primaries. So dummy, the only thing that has changed is that you lost, so now you give a shit about the will of the people. But.. but... that was the primaries! The will of the people is all over the place. Were you crying about the will of the people in red states when Obama won? No. Because this isn't about the will of the people, it's about the will of those you agree with, so cut the bullshit and admit that it's never really been about the people. Boohoo... Trump won. You probably laughed at the tea party when Obama won, now you can eat your own shit.    
Just like if you run an illegal business. So you don't have an issue with illegally run businesses? 
I was assuming it was due to one of trumps policies
The difference is that I frequent your mom's basement. Speaking of which, she still owes me change for that fiver I gave her last night. 
You're digging yourself a deeper hole. The fact you cherrypick  crazy facts as a measure of popularity and accuracy is both embarrassing and absurd. 
 Safety and law. I believe that immigration is in the federal governments control and should take precedence over cities not turning criminal illegal aliens to ICE, in not advocating they turn over every illegal, just the ones who have already been arrested for crimes. 
I want to tax wire transfers to Mexico to subsidize the wall. 83% of illegal immigrants from Mexico send money to Mexico.http://www.cbo.gov/sites/default/files/112th-congress-2011-2012/reports/02-24-remittanceschartbook.pdf
Usually all it takes is calling something a war and then they are both on board. What gives?
He said perspective and you said shades of grey.Go read Ordinary Men if you want to see perspective in action regarding the holocaust.
Oh my sides
Sure, hence your nervous, otherwise unsupported comment. Another reddit economics scholar! Let the lowest common denominators keep downvoting without counterarguments! 
So, quick question, do you think Obama won the popular vote in the 2012 election?
Well if that's the case then they were *never* here legally. 
3/10. Hookers generally aren't in the business of giving out change. You started out okay, but just kinda lost the plot on that joke there. Coulda went a lot of better routes but chose the low effort one. But now, I'd like to be serious for a second. You really don't feel even a tiny bit weird being a conspiracy theorist, and being an active poster on that dub, then going on to criticize other people? Is that maybe a coping mechanism?  I'd really like to understand your mindset. 
I'm sorry if downvoting lies and people insisting on the truth is offensive to you.Honestly, that's the only reason I can see for you being this defensive and immature.
I don't know how you can applaud this but then be appalled when statues or monuments get destroyed in the Middle East.  It's kind of absurd to toss out all of a person's accomplishments because they lived according to the standards of their time.  You'd be hard pressed to go back in history and find someone who lived a good life according to today's standards.  
I can't wait until Washington state changes its name. Or any of the cities named after Jefferson. 
It's being renamed after Grace Murray Hopper, Navy Admiral and inventor of the first compiler. 
Warner Brothers has the best way to deal with these things. Attempting to white wash history instead of explaining things is a bad decision IMO. https://ethicsalarms.files.wordpress.com/2015/08/warner-brothers-warning.jpg
By the standards Yale set forth for renaming buildings they will have to rename the university.  [Yale put this newfound power towards a host of bad ends. He began to use company funds for private investments, while the unreasonably high taxes he imposed on his subjects made him increasingly unpopular. He treated the local population with the brutality of a slave master, demanding long hours of labor of his employees and threatening harsh punishments for those who went against his will: when Yale heard that a young boy he employed had stolen a horse from the forts stables, Yale ordered him to be hanged  without any semblance of a trial. Yales spell as governor left him quite wealthy, but it wouldnt last; after just five years, the East India Company charged him with embezzlement and dumped him from office.](http://yaledailynews.com/blog/2012/01/26/eli-in-india/)[ As governor and president of the Madras settlement, Yale enforced the ten-slaves-per-vessel rule. On two separate occasions, he sentenced black Criminalls accused of burglary to suffer whipping, branding, and foreign enslavement.](http://digitalhistories.yctl.org/2014/11/01/elihu-yale-was-a-slave-trader/)
It's funny cause Calhoun was the father of American minority rights, just with a different context then what's thought of about minority rights today as it was adopted by the Civil Rights Movement. He was wrong about nullification though when he supported South Carolina's attempt to nullify the Tariff of 1828. Jefferson and Madison did not mean it the way Calhoun and the proceeding Confederate secessionists interpreted the [Virginia and Kentucky Resolutions](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kentucky_and_Virginia_Resolutions#External_links) which I believe was about trying to start an Article V convention of states to make the Alien and Sedition Acts unconstitutional (which they were and 3/4 were repealed after Jefferson took power since the Resolves failed to garner support from more states) they thought states should be able to just nullify any enforcement of federal laws they don't like, even federal authorities in the state shouldn't even be able to which is nonsense and is a little bit too much minority protection.Virginia Resolves:>That this state having, by its Convention, which ratified the Federal Constitution, expressly declared that, among other essential rights, the liberty of conscience and the press cannot be cancelled, abridged, restrained, or modified, by any authority of the United States, and from its extreme anxiety to guard these rights from every possible attack of sophistry and ambition, having, with other states, recommended an amendment for that purpose, which amendment was, in due time, annexed to the Constitution,...>That the good people of this commonwealth, having ever felt, and continuing to feel, the most sincere affection for their brethren of the other states; the truest anxiety for establishing and perpetuating the union of all; and the most scrupulous fidelity to that Constitution, which is the pledge of mutual friendship, and the instrument of mutual happiness,the General Assembly doth solemnly appeal to the like dispositions in the other states, in confidence that they will concur with this commonwealth in declaring, as it does hereby declare, that the acts aforesaid are unconstitutional; and that the necessary and proper measures will be taken by each, for coperating with this state, in maintaining unimpaired the authorities, rights, and liberties, reserved to the states respectively, or to the people.Calhoun went too far but his idea of concurrent majority is what is essentially the method of compromise. It's why when going through the amending process if any more than 1/3 of either house objects it won't pass even with about 2/3 support which is pretty much the idea at work but that preceded Calhoun. His idea was that states could individually pick and choose what federal laws they wanted to follow which just isn't the case and not supported anywhere in the either the Constitution (the Supremacy Clause of Article VI specifically) or any of the other organic laws of the US.By nullification/interposition they meant state officials not enforcing federal laws they deem unconstitutional while going through the process of getting the laws repealed or ruled unconstitutional either by the Supreme Court or amending the Constitution, as per the [Principles of 98'.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Principles_of_%2798)As a matter of fact we can see the correct form of the Principles of 98' at work today with states refusing to enforce federal immigration and drug laws. They're not nullifying them or inhibiting federal authorities from enforcing them, state authorities just aren't enforcing them or helping the feds in any way and it's perfectly fine as they're not actually doing anything to stop the feds. It makes for weaker enforcement of arguably unconstitutional federal laws (the Controlled Substances Act) and preserving the separation of powers and dual federalism (not enforcing federal immigration laws).
This need to erase history, along with the rise in acceptance of narratives based on feelings rather than facts, is discomfiting.  I do hope that if Calhoun or his estate or heirs made a gift to Yale to accompany the naming of the building, or at any time before or after, that it will be returned to them as dirty money that Yale must eschew.  However, I have read no coverage concerning any such matter. 
Fantastic! We can't erase our history of white supremacy, but we can at least stop celebrating it. Hope this sort of thing keeps happening all over.
South Carolina has a county named Calhoun. Not sure that's ever going away. 
Next thing you know, Woodrow Wilson will be scrubbed from Princeton's history because he played nice with the KKK.
Why do **some** conservatives lose their minds over private institutions doing something like this? 
Great! Minneapolis your turn
Not only is the world a better place now, but many people's lives will be positively impacted! /s
Didn't this happen last semester...?
This is terrible. Calhoun helped the university just for them to stab his legacy in the end.
Howard Grambling Sensitiversity
but he was one of slaverys biggest proponents. he still has accomplishments. yale isnt obligated to celebrate them. there are stilll buildings named after slave owners at yale
The dude's name was basically synonymous with slavery over the course of his tenure as politicians.  We still learn about him and his role in shaping the political and social divide that ultimately lead to the Civil War.  His legacy exists in diametric opposition to everything that Yale claims to stand for today.  There is absolutely nothing wrong with wiping his name off of a college.Also, a lot of the time, people are opposed to busting statues and monuments in the Middle East because they are centuries-old pieces of art, and have artistic significance.  Somebody worked hard to make that piece of art.  John C. Calhoun's name is not a work of art (nor is anyone else's), and it's easy to replicate.
You are aware that we are talking about a name, not a physical object? And no he was not a good man. He we was a fierce advocate for slavery and expanding the reach of slavery as opposition to it at the time built up.
>I don't know how you can applaud this but then be appalled when statues or monuments get destroyed in the Middle East.  False equivalence.As another in this thread said:> It's not comparable to destroying artifacts of historical and artistic significance. It's more like renaming Stalingrad Volgograd 
If someone pulls down Saddam's statues I cheer.It's one thing to destroy religious artifacts and another to remove monuments to nasty politicians
This.  We have the same thing in Canada where they want to remove the name of the dude (who ironically I can't remember but don't judge that since I'm not a history student...) who helped propose residential schools from public properties/etc.
What kind of person compares this to works of art? Herp derp some guy's name isn't being used anymore. Herpa derpa time to bring up destruction of ancient statues/monuments. What are you even?
Liberals are all for cultural relativism unless it involves white males.
Calhoun was a far worse person than Washington when it came to slavery. He defended it to his very last breath was an extremely vocal secessionist when it came to defending Southern rights, especially the right to have slaves, and wanted to continue to expand slavery throughout America. His beliefs and policies, though he was dead by then, influenced the decision to secede from the North, thus starting the Civil War. So not quite applicable.
Jefferson while a slave holder also saw the problems with it. Jefferson did not attempt and succeed in expanding slavery.
Is it a comp sci building?
Yeah I might be upset about this if they were doing just cause Calhoun was a slaveowner in the 19th century but I'm pretty happy they are naming it after a hero.
How is this whitewashing history? Not celebrating a dude anymore is not whitewashing. They arnt texas, they arnt editing facts out of history books.
If you didn't spend so much time watching cartoons, I would be less informed right now.Thank you for your service!
God love warner brothers for doing this.The old, old looney tunes are fucking fascinating cultural snapshots into both racial and wartime propaganda.
State law vs federal law really isnt a minority rights issue. It is just a governance procedural issue. Primarily because state laws can and at the time were used to prosecute and enslave minorities. The right to keep slaves is really not a minority protection or right, and lets face it, he and his contemporaries were against states rights when it served to promote their view, and for them when it didnt.
They decided to rename their college after a hero, chill out they aren't rewriting history.
How is removing a name of a building erasing history? Are they also advocating removing him from history books?
Hm, I wonder why you are being downvoted for not wanting to celebrate white supremacy.
Private institution. So who cares?
What about Bde Maka Ska?
Good thing he'll never know then. 
Arguably, Calhoun's biggest accomplishment is the doctrine named after him. >In the 1840s, three interpretations of the constitutional powers of Congress to deal with slavery in territories emerged: the free-soil doctrine, the popular sovereignty position, and the Calhoun doctrine. The Free Soilers stated that Congress had the power to outlaw slavery in the territories. The popular sovereignty position argued that the voters living there should decide. The Calhoun doctrine said that Congress and the citizens the territories could never outlaw slavery in the territories.https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/John_C._CalhounSo much for state's rights
the whole university is named after a proponent of slavery and all-around terrible person.
This is a good point. It's not comparable to destroying artifacts of historical and artistic significance. It's more like renaming Stalingrad Volgograd
Went down a rabbit hole about Calhoun and was pleasantly surprised to see how wrong you were. He did many great things.Disclaimer, yes he was a strong proponent of slavery. The good: as the secretary of war he modernized the US army and Navy. He also negotiated over 40 treaties with native Americans and pushed back hard again government pressure to treat natives cruelly. He established the Bureau of Indian Affairs specifically for handling native relations peacefully, to offer free education to those that *wanted it*, and to provide healthcare to native tribes. And he consistently opposed violence with natives. He also fought for minority rights (as odd as it may sound, including those of free black men) and won many gains to this effect.So no, not all bad. Few people usually are. 
If we went judging people by modern standards we'd have to rename pretty much everything, that was the point I imagine.
I think the reason they want to remove the name is important to this story.
One is a name and the other is art work/public work projects/feats of engineering by people and a culture that no longer exists. Once those works are gone, they are never coming back into existence under the circumstances they did. It's a loss for history and engineering, not just a loss of muh heritage. Are you telling me that conservatives believe this is the same thing? Come on man, you know that's absurd...
What's worse, defending slavery or actually owning slaves?
Jefferson still banged(raped, cause what slave gets to say no?) his slaves and then enslaved his bastard kids. 
Lol you are all over this thread with your preachy bullshit
>but nothing has ever presented so threatening an aspect as what is called the Missouri question. the Federalists compleatly put down, and despairing of ever rising again under the old division of whig and tory, devised a new one, of slave-holding, & non-slave-holding states, which, while it had a semblance of being Moral, was at the same time Geographical, and calculated to give them ascendancy by debauching their old opponents to a coalition with them. Moral the question certainly is not, because the removal of slaves from one state to another, no more than their removal from one county to another, would never make a slave of one human being who would not be so without it. indeed if there were any morality in the question, it is on the other side; because by spreading them over a larger surface, their happiness would be increased, & the burthen of their future liberation lightened by bringing a greater number of shoulders under it. however it served to throw dust into the eyes of the people and to fanaticise them, while to the knowing ones it gave a geographical and preponderant line of the Patomac and Ohio, throwing 14. states to the North and East, & 10. to the South & West. with these therefore it is merely a question of power: but with this geographical minority it is a question of existence. for if Congress once goes out of the Constitution to arrogate a right of regulating the condition of the inhabitants of the states, its majority may, and probably will next declare that the condition of all men within the US. shall be that of freedom. in which case all the whites South of the Patomak and Ohio must evacuate their states; and most fortunate those who can do it first. and so far this crisis seems to be advancing.From Thomas Jefferson to Albert Gallatin, 26 December 1820, Founders Online, National Archives, last modified December 28, 2016, 
No. A residential college is kind of like a dormitory. The computer science building is Arthur K. Watson Hall.
We just name things after random people you see and if one of them happens to be one of the overall worst people in American history who are we to try to change it?
Slave owners were a (prosperous and powerful) minority of people, I did say it was under a different context. Calhoun went too far which bastardized the Principles of 98' (just like the rest of the states did with the resolves by misconstruing their intentions) and caused them to be discredited as secessionist mythos which was not in the intentions of Jefferson and Madison. Wisconsin tried to nullify the enforcement of the Fugitive Slave Act of 1850 but was immediately struck down by the Supreme Court, a mirroring reversal of the slave states' use of states' rights so you're correct about them only using it when convenient for them, especially since the main issue was whether slavery should expand westward which it couldn't due to the [Northwest Ordinance](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Northwest_Ordinance#Prohibition_of_slavery) so Calhoun and friends were just all around wrong on the issue.
Because Reddit. Let's remove a white supremacists's name from a building! Whoah whoah whoah, isn't it better to educate ourselves instead of pretending like history never happened?Let's acknowledge that a history of slavery is one of the most significant contributors to the plight of African American communities today! Whoah whoah whoah, let's not act like something that happened hundreds of years ago still matters today. 
I mean, I expected them. /r/news can be a toilet. Still a bummer.
Oh has it changed to that officially?
His actual biggest accomplishment would probably be the Bureau of Indian Affairs, which he established to push back against a war hungry political machine while he was the secretary of war. The bureau was in charge of ensuring peaceful treaties with native tribes, and offering free education and healthcare to natives, and prevented hundreds of thousands of deaths.
It's sad that all this is completely overlooked. No one has or will be perfect 
Regardless of the standards of morality of that time, evolution requires that we condemn the moral atrocity of chattel slavery and everyone complicit in it.
Well Calhoun did both. George Washington also had it in his will that after both he and his wife died his slavers were to be freed while Calhoun was a racist who thought slavery was good for society and was beneficial and necessary.
While not much better, Jeffersons relationship with Sally Hemmings was thought to have started consensually while they were in France and she was considered a free woman. 
Don't hate the playa, hate the game.
Heh, i like that line man, mind if i use it occasionally?
Agreed. I see what you are saying then. Though in some states the slave owning population was quite high, i believe around 45% in some states such as south Carolina. That is based on immediate family ownership though, since counting slaves owned by husbands then saying the wife had no slaves would jack up the results quite heavily. So 45% of families owned slaves in SC. I think the numbers were 20-30 for most the other states. A sizable percentage of the population to be sure.
I like how you skipped over the time between slavery and the civil rights movement. As if those injustices had no impact on black economic mobility. 
>Because Reddit. >Let's remove a white supremacists's name from a building! Whoah whoah whoah, isn't it better to educate ourselves instead of pretending like history never happened?So strip Calhoun of the honor of having any buildings named after him and teach about him in history classes. Perhaps buildings that change their name can have a plaque denouncing his actions by telling the story history has to tell.>Let's acknowledge that a history of slavery is one of the most significant contributors to the plight of African American communities today! Whoah whoah whoah, let's not act like something that happened hundreds of years ago still matters today.  It sadly does still matter today because it has an effect on today. 
Sorry, but the evidence weighs heavily against the idea that the plight of African American communities today is primarily or even substantially due to slavery. It is far more likely that the fairly low average black IQ (~85) is responsible.
Cool story man. Did you find the part where he helped pioneer what would become the Indian Removal Act, or notice that the free education came from the civilization fund? Trying to portray Calhoun as a champion of native rights requires some careful phrasing huh?
It's overlooked because he wasn't a proponent of Native American rights, he helped create the Indian Removal Act.
don't worry, brave social justice warriors like /u/trent1492 will keep the world safe from thought crimes
So when shall we start renaming literally every building and university my modern standards?
Fair enough. I don't know anything about Calhoun other than what I've read in this thread. Didn't know that he owned slaves.Washington should've freed his own slaves before he died. Waiting until he died is cowardly, but at least he still did it.
So he enslaved a free woman just to repeatedly rape her? Or am I wrong.
As you can see from Yale here, it has already started. People such as John C. Calhoun, Alexander H. Stephens, and Robert E. Lee, and many more don't deserve the honor of having buildings named after them at Universities in today's America. 
It's complicated. The relationship started in France where she would be considered a free woman. She could have refused to come back. He was 44 and she was 15 or 16, so that's creepy. She traveled with Jefferson, and was 3/4ths European. He trained all of their children as artisans and freed them all as they came of age. It's the only family he freed. It's still shitty, but less shitty than just Slave Raper.Edit: Just so I'm clear, not supporting any of it, just making sure the facts are straight and looked at through a lens that understands the times. It's possible they knew the only way they could be together was for her to be a slave. He was coming back to the US to be the first Secretary of State, which was a fairly important job. He did call slavery a hideous blight. He might also have just been manipulating a 16 year old slave. A civics lesson from a slaver... hey neighbor, your debts are paid because you don't pay for labor.
In October, a woman went into labor and gave birth inside the Oculus.    It must keep the balance. 
Damn, she died over a hat.
Oh god how horrible for her twin 
I assumed this was VR related mishap, when I saw Oculus
Never chase anything as a reaction. Learnt this on an airbase if your lid blew off, just let it go and casually and carful collecting it.
Is the hat ok?
Should she get a darwin prize?
Shouldn't the railings be high enough that you can't just lean out and fall over them?
> *[29-year-old] Jenny Santos, of Kearny, was trying to retrieve a hat dropped by her twin sister while the two were on an escalator at about 5:30 a.m. when she reached too far over the railing and tumbled over the edge*That would be a very painful emotional life to live knowing you had a hand - even innocently - in your twin's death. Not something I would ever want to have to contemplate going through.
Tragic. It could happen to anyone
geeze...That place makes me dizzy. 
Now there will be a $B gov  funded redesign & rebuild to make it safer.
I can't imagine how gruesome of a site that must have been. The Oculus is strikingly white and bright. Imagine the contrast between that and the blood. Horrible.
Did anyone else think someone made a 9/11 VR game when they read the title?
Yep that happens sometimes.
[deleted]
Not the first time someone has fallen to there death at the World Trade Center.
The Oculus giveth, the Oculus taketh away.
Reminds me of Lightning Crashes
It's like that guy at six flags who lost his hat on a ride so he jumped a fence into a restricted area to go get it. He got his head kicked off by another passenger on the same ride. 
Musta' been a huge TF2 fan.
It was Smitty Werbenjagermanjensen's hat, he was #1!
She was head over heels for it. 
Better have been an unusual.
It's ok she was the evil twin
There can be only one. 
Much easier to tell them apart.
It's only a matter of time before a VR accident happens...
When you die in VR, *you die in real life.*
That's some great advice. Going to make sure to remember that
Had to stop someone from falling off a cliff on a college field trip once when their papers blew out of their hands. Fucking idiot.
something something falling knife
A hat should be taken off when you greet a lady and left off for the rest of your life. Nothing looks more stupid than a hat. - P. J. O'Rourke
can u not
There has to be a balance of aesthetics and safety, making it too tall will just look ugly.  I don't think she just leaned out, she probably jumped up and tried to catch it like a football, lost balance and fell over.From looking at the pictures the height of the railing looks up to code.  Same height as railings all across US malls.  If you're a kid, it's tall enough to prevent you from jumping over.  If you're an adult, you should know better to not jump over, just like you should know better to not run into the road when a bus is speeding by.
No. How could she have won such a great Darwinism prize if that was the case?
*hat pin
Hello Mr. Ferguson. 
To be fair, Einstein would have said gravity didn't kill her, the ground accelerated upwards into her frame of reference. Einstein said gravity wasn't a force 100 years ago. 
The Oculuth giveth, the Oculuth taketh away. -- Mike Tyson
Which also demolished the kicking girl's leg. Snapped it up like a candy cane in the wrapper.For a hat.
By Batman basically
What?Source pls? I'd like to read about this accident
Died doing what she loved, collecting hats
*Oh no!  I pus err watched her fall over*
I assume people won't be rushing out to get 9/11 stimulator
If an accident happens in VR *did it really happen?!*
Yup, don't wanna loose your head or life over it.
Sunburn looks stupider  
Said no living construction worker ever.
Died over a hat by reaching too far over the railing. I don't know, can I?
Yeah because accidents like this definitely make you an idiot and aren't tragic at all. Fuck you dude. That award is reserved for idiots who tie chainsaws to ropes and swing them around or other shit like that. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/General_relativity
Well she didn't exactly kick, instead he was in the way. You don't have much control over your legs in these types of rides. 
https://www.google.com/amp/www.foxnews.com/story/2008/06/29/teen-decapitated-by-batman-ride-at-georgia-six-flags.amp.html?client=safariAUSTELL, Ga.   A teenager was decapitated by a roller coaster after he hopped a pair of fences and entered a restricted area Saturday at Six Flags Over Georgia, authorities said. Six Flags officials are uncertain why 17-year-old Asia Leeshawn Ferguson of Springfield, South Carolina scaled two six-foot fences and passed signs that said the restricted area was both off-limits and dangerous to visitors, spokeswoman Hela Sheth said in a news release.Authorities were investigating reports from witnesses who said the Ferguson jumped the fences to retrieve a hat he lost while riding the Batman roller coaster, said Cobb County police Sgt. Dana Pierce. Police have declined to release the teenager's name until an autopsy is completed.Six Flags said it closed the roller coaster after the Saturday afternoon accident out of respect for the Ferguson's family.
I just googled rollercoaster hat head leg.http://www.cbsnews.com/news/teen-decapitated-in-six-flags-accident/Edit: no mention of someone's leg taking off the head but it does mention a different accident that did break a leg.
This was far from an accident. (Live 45. Miles from the park) this genuis had to leave the park, go allllllll the way aroung the parking lot, get through a outside regular fence, climbe a 12 foot chain lenght fence that has privacy slats in it & & &&& the fence is part of the scenery for the ride & has little electric signs on it.
You assume wrong
I second this.
In this case it really was her own fault though. She could have made note of where it was and told the staff. 
I always wear steel toe boots and keep my legs stiff in case this happens.
Yeah, there's a market for everything.
Yes. However, it was 5:30 am and mistakes can be made. I know I'm pretty fucking tired when I'm up that early. Just because her actions led to her death does not make it remotely okay to be an insensitive prick on a public forum; at least not in the way that you're taking away from the person's image. It's funny to make a TF2 hat joke but it's not funny to say she's an idiot and this is just Darwinism at work. It's a bad attempt at a joke to me. 
Torque would still occur regardless.
Hell, with a few mods and a flight sim game, It's probably already a thing.
She's an idiot and this is just Darwinism at work.
Who the f throws away a puppy. God we live in such a shitty world 
Dan? Danny-boy? LT. Dan!
[Li'l Brudder!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J8vDZCQBg54) (*sniff*) He's such a trooper! 
Q: what do you call a dog with no hind legs and cast iron balls?    A: Sparky
I never begged for this
It is great that someone is looking out for that little puppy, but two prosthetic front limbs on a Great Pyrenees? That is a 100lb+ dog, not a little terrier. 
As someone who is not from the US, how many legs is a puppy supposed to have?
 It would have been fine after learning how to walk like a T-Rex.  Now it's forced to ski like all Canadians.
I know it's an unpopular opinion, but god damn, just put the poor thing down. Elevating animals to human levels is disrespectful to people who are treated worse than animals.
ikr?  One call to animal control and they'll come out and pick it up for free.
People disgust me . As a psych nurse I understand people who are legitimately mentally ill and do this but there are people who are such assholes, like they've grown up with everything being perfect and just throw away anything broken. In fact I'd say my mentally Ill patients would NEVER do this! 
Or any Chinese restaurant. 
gee racist much?
So we shouldn't acknowledge that people in Asia eat dog because that could be seen as racist? Come on. It happens, its part of the culture, big deal.
American Muslim here. I've been to several mosques, attended various Islamic programs here in America.  Mosques in America don't radicalize young people, the few individuals who do end up becoming terrorists are often loners, young ~20 year old men who are sometimes influenced by online foreign recruiters if anything. Even their own families don't know about their extremist views until it's too late.  The thought that some mosques are secretly plotting, grooming or even sympathizing with terrorists just doesn't happen, at least not in this country.[YouTube Channel of the Muslim group that rejected the grant.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SwDim_lJLHg) They aren't as extreme as you might think.
[removed]
I promise not to teach any terrorists, where is my free money?
Why would any group accept money that implies they are a cause of extremism? Should we give black churches grants to curb inner city violence? The vast majority of extremists never belong to the Islamic Community, they have always been loners and outsiders. Instead you want to spend our tax dollars on re-education propaganda inside a religious institution? What happened to separation of Church and State? They are absolutely right to reject the money because it rightfully belongs to public education, healthcare, medical research, social security, or tax relief.  
So what are the qualifications for this grant?  Is it meant for schools that have produced terrorists in the past? Because then you are funding terrorist producing organizations. Or is it given to schools in order to prevent future attacks?  Because then you are indirectly admitting that seemingly peaceful Islamic schools have the potential to produce extremists. Furthermore, how is this money being utilized in a way that prevents Islamic extremism?  I'm genuinely curious how singling out the Muslim community for specific grants is not one or more of the following: giving money to extremists, implying that Muslims are all at risk of becoming terrorists, a blatant waste of money, an unconstitutional use of federal funds which selectively favors Islam. 
Obviously there are no extremist Muslims, so no need to fight extremism.
Are you going to stop beating your wife? Unless similar grants are being offered to Christian groups, surely people can see how accepting this money would endorse a poisonous narrative about Islam.
Lol, the schools founder is named Jihad. Wtf?  Did his parents not love him?
Good. They shouldn't accept until xtian fundies get offered the grants and accept them first.
Go ahead and downvote me all you want, this is such bullshit.>capped weeks of sleepless nights and debate. Many there felt Trumps rhetoric singling out Islamic extremism and his travel ban affecting predominantly Muslim countries had gone too far.People are using your God to saw off reporters heads in the desert, throw gays off buildings, and stone women for wanting independence. There have been countless terrorist attacks all over the world in your gods name. There was literally just a suicide bombing plot foiled in France yesterday.. BUT SINGLE OUT MILITAN ISLAM IS GOING TOO FAR? AND ***PAYING YOU*** TO DENOUNCE IT WONT HAPPEN? FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUCK THAT
Good. Fuck'em. There are better things we can do with that money. We can help people that don't want to kill us.
Can we give grants to Trump so he doesn't radicalize more Trump terrorists like the one in Canada. Trump voters need to be labeled a terrorist group.
I wonder why they do not want to fight extremism?r/GlobalTerrorism 
We can't accept anything that acknowledges there is extremism in our cult. We must fight it with all our beings!
So accepting funds to fight extremism will compromise their position in their community... yea ok. Sounds like unspoken sympathy to me. You can only be for or against extremism, neutrality is unspoken support.
if your not with us your against us....... the TEMPORARY BAN shouldn't have played any part in their decision to combat extremism and they should be doing it for free. they live here too and terrorist care less who they kill ultimately if your in the wrong place at the wrong time your dead no matter who or what religion you are.
Not surprised, any funds given out by the Trump government are basically toxic. Any organization accepting them will be boycotted.
[deleted]
Well if they don't want to fight extremism then they get what they have coming to them
> Mosques in America don't radicalize young peopleA mosque in Florida near Orlando had a speaker who who said it would be compassionate to put gay people to death.  They invited him back.http://www.advocate.com/religion/2016/6/13/did-muslim-cleric-preach-death-gays-orlando-area-mosqueSecond, it's not radical to become more fundamentalist.  The problem is with the fundamentals of your religion.  The life of Muhammad speaks for itself.>Even their own families don't know about their extremist views until it's too lateThat's simply not true, from what we know of Orlando and San Bernardino.
We see over and over again how certain mosques are linked to more than just one loner extremist. For example, one near me in Ohio was linked to 6 different radicals. That is not to say that the mosque is necessarily cultivating this type of thing, but you cannot dismiss the fact that sometimes it is a product of the local environment and not just some one off loner reading propaganda on the internet.
>**The thought that some mosques are secretly plotting, grooming or even sympathizing with terrorists just doesn't happen, at least not in this country.**[In his sermon/lecture in the YouTube audio below, Qadhi begins by calling Christians shirk for being polythesists who believe in the Triune God (three persons in one God), instead of Islams monotheist god Allah.](https://www.google.com/amp/s/cofda.wordpress.com/2013/11/09/u-s-imam-muslims-can-take-the-property-of-christians-and-jews/amp/?client=safari)[Then Qadhi really steps up his verbal abuse. He says, since there is no deity worthy of worship except Allah wuzza wuzza, Christians are by necessity and by definition  the most evil of all evils. Like all unbelievers and polytheists, Christians are filthy. They are najusa  a filthy impure dirty substance.](https://www.google.com/amp/s/cofda.wordpress.com/2013/11/09/u-s-imam-muslims-can-take-the-property-of-christians-and-jews/amp/?client=safari)[Qadhi declares that the prophet Mohammad  and by extension all Muslims  has been commanded to do jihad.](https://www.google.com/amp/s/cofda.wordpress.com/2013/11/09/u-s-imam-muslims-can-take-the-property-of-christians-and-jews/amp/?client=safari)And >[If they say terrorists, we say resistance. If they say: You guys are killing unjustly, we say: We are fighting. This country was established on Patrick Henrys word: Give me liberty, or give me death. The Gazan people are saying: Give me liberty, or give me death.](http://pamelageller.com/2014/08/video-new-york-mosque-leader-commands-muslims-jihad-friday-prayer.html/)
> The thought that some mosques are secretly plotting, grooming or even sympathizing with terrorists just doesn't happen, at least not in this country.You're wrong and very naive. Sure, there's great mosques that are awesome staples in the community all over the country. But if you think elements of radical groups haven't infiltrated community mosques in the US then you are arrogantly ignorant. Various groups have been recruiting within US Mosques for decades. 
Do women and men hang out in the same rooms? 
I don't know.. we had a local imam come to speak at a theology class I took in college. He went on and on with horrific views on women, gays and jihad. Totally nonchalantly and unapologetically. This was back in 2007 so who knows, maybe things have changed? Or maybe this doesn't qualify as extremism but it was definitely way out of sync with mainstream western culture. I'll never forget the discomfort everyone felt in that room and watching our prof's face get pale from all the regret he had from letting this guy come and talk about Islam. 
Saying that Mosques don't radicalize is a bit of a sweeping generalization. I'm Jewish, and I wouldn't say that Synagogues don't radicalize. Wouldn't it be more accurate and honest to say that the vast majority of religious institutions of any faith don't radicalize? Let's not forget, for example, the Nation Of Islam. They were... pretty darn radical.
Oh yeah the mosques are totally innocent. Let's just make a blanket assumption that no US mosque ever put a bad idea in anyone's head /shttps://www.google.ca/amp/www.breitbart.com/big-government/2015/07/19/the-mosques-behind-jihad-attacks-in-america/amp/?client=safari
If we shouldn't criticize moderate Muslims on the issue of terrorism because it could radicalize them, then I guess we shouldn't criticize White people on the issue of racism because it could radicalize them.
Straw man.
> pale white woman with pink hair that recently graduated with a major in women's studies.holy shit that's a lot of straw.
People were literally saying that about that college knife attacker earlier. He was scared because of the islamaphobia so he lashed out and garbage like that. 
Only works if your Muslim. 
> Should we give black churches grants to curb inner city violence? I thought we already do.
But Obama was too much of a saint to do anything wrong, so clearly he wasn't wrong doing this.
*Any* educational institution has the ability to produce people who become extremists. Do you say the same things towards the schools which produced the three adults who were arrested for planning an attack on Muslims last week? How about the school that produced the white supremacist that was transporting ricin the other day? Every single lethal Islamic terrorist attack in the US since 911 has come from someone who was an American citizen. This travel ban is doing *exactly* what IS claimed it would - turn normal Muslims against the US government. 
Are people really this deluded into thinking that Christianity and Islam are just as violent as one another?Are you seriously implying that Islam doesn't have a problem with extremists? That ISIS and Al Qaeda and Boko Haram, etc., etc., etc. don't exist?What is the purpose of your comment other than to distract from the fact of the epic amounts of violence that is done in the name of Islam?
When was the last time someone yelled Praise Jesus before blowing themselves up?
> JihadFight on God's Path? 
You need to work on your reading comprehension. The fund was set up initially as a general anti-extremist grant to be awarded to any community willing to work with the government against extremist sects within it. Trump is shifting all of the funding solely to fighting Muslim extremism, so accepting the funds could be seen as accepting Trump's view that only Muslim extremists are a problem. The groups that accepted those funds would then lose influence within the Muslim community, defeating the purpose of the grant in the first place.
Most christians don't denounce the KKK as extremist christians, they simply say they aren't christians.  This is the opinion of most muslims about ISIS.
Let me tell you which is gone too far. Your and your allies pillaging of muslim countries. The terrorist do not come even close to the amount of civilians your country - the US of A has killed. 
Of course paying them to denounce it shouldn't happen.  They can either choose to do it for free or risk getting lumped together.
The Muslim God is the same one that all Abrahamic religions worship. 
Yeah, we can use that money to import more Muslim refugees and house illegals.[Don't forget to donate to you church.](http://www.cnn.com/2015/12/11/politics/national-refugee-sunday/index.html)
Yeah that was the point of the grant originally.
Be nice to peaceful muslims or they'll kill you. You don't see me bombing the London Underground just because my people suffered in British India. Get fuckin' real.
Um Trump isn't the president of Canada... 
These were actually awarded under the Obama administration.  I think this is more a reaction to the direction the CVE program headed than the intent behind the awards they're receiving now.  Trump has announced his intent to focus it exclusively on Muslim communities and stop allowing it to work against violent extremism in other ideologies (most notably white supremacy.)  
It was actually funds awarded by Obama in the closing days of his presidency, at least according to the article.  They also were reluctant to take the money from him, at least according to the article.  Trump just sealed the deal on refusing it, at least according to the article.  Which is fine since the US has saved at least a couple million from these sanctimonious refusals, at least according to the article.  
What kind of dumb logic is that??? Refusing funds... because of feelings?
They do. They speak out against extremists constantly.
How much self-flagellation will satisfy you exactly?  And do you hold white people to the same standard when it comes to the far more significant homegrown threat of white supremacy?  
It is my belief that if White People want to be accepted by the mainstream community that Whites  as a whole must speak out and act against the extremists or the White community will be thought of negatively.While this does happen, it happens far too seldom and usually not aggressively.I in all honestly do not care is someone is Christian, Buddhist, Disciple of Confucius, Hindu or whatever.I don't care if someone is white, if they are not blowing up churches and mosques and killing people and seizing federal lands. FTFY to address the most prolific American terrorists
I'm an American living outside the US. Should I constantly apologize about Trump? I didn't vote for the fucker, I utterly abhor what he's doing, though he's also an American.Why should ordinary Muslims apologize about fanatical fringe groups, then? 
http://muslimscondemn.com
That's not why they turned down the funds.
What do they have coming to them?
They probably think more of that money should be used the way it has been in past administrations - to combat white supremacist extremism, which as homegrown threats go is much more dangerous.  
>A mosque in Florida near Orlando had a speaker who who said it would be compassionate to put gay people to death. They invited him back.And how is that any different then Christian conservatives? They are two peas in a pod, but we live with them.http://www.rightwingwatch.org/post/death-penalty-for-gays-literature-at-right-wing-conference/
I'm not dissmissing you're point, but there's a lot of churches that do the same thing.
A 2 month old redpiller account spouting nonsense and getting upvoted.   Amazing how /r/new has changed over the last year. 
Here, I found a video [article](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s_a9EDSYiKw) about that.It's crazy, you know? When a person like you watches that video they probably think, Well, that wasn't a real Christian. But when they see something about a Muslim doing the same thing they say, They always show their true colors eventually.edit: I just remembered the evangelical Christian girl in college who kept trying to get me to come to meetings and bible stuff. And she actually told me one time she wished this sleeping Christian king would come back and kill all the Muslims. Of all the Muslims I've met, none of them have said anything remotely as violent or hateful as that.
Okay, how is that different than Milo and his harass the trans folk tour?
That was a Shia cleric. If i remember correctly, the Orlando attacker was Sunni and had some communication with Isis before the attack. I'm pretty sure the attacker wasn't attending a Shia mosque.  Also, the Shia cleric was mentioning capital punishment that was applied historically in certain Muslim lands for the sin of sodomy. I have yet to find a single Muslim group in America that is openly enforcing capital punishment or demanding capital punishment to be done to gay Americans.> That's simply not true, from what we know of Orlando and San Bernardino.It's inconclusive whether anyone from the San Bernardino shooter's family knew beforehand of the attack. The wife of Orlando shooter knew he was going to do something a few hours before. Check the Boston bombers or several other attackers. It's rare for the family to know about it, if anything.
> For example, one near me in Ohio was linked to 6 different radicals.Which one is that?
Any actual proof?  I'd love some more information about this mosque in Ohio
> In his sermon/lecture in the YouTube audio below, Qadhi begins by calling Christians shirk for being polythesists who believe in the Triune God (three persons in one God), instead of Islams monotheist god Allah.Muslims believe in strict monotheism. Worshiping other deities is not allowed in Islam.  Obviously that would mean Muslims therefore believe other religions that encourage polytheism to be wrong. I'm not sure why you think this is so surprising. Muslims don't worship other than the Abrahamic God; what Muslims however reject is the concept of Trinity. Can Muslims still live with Christians and other religious groups in peace? Absolutely yes.> Qadhi declares that the prophet Mohammad  and by extension all Muslims  has been commanded to do jihad.Yasir Qadhi clarified and said *This audio clip is a shoddy cut-and-paste job from a lengthy theological series (around 15 hours of audio) I gave many years ago, discussing the reality of the Islamic concept of shirk (associating partners with Allh). The series had absolutely nothing to do with politics or jihad. Rather, some theological statements from that lecture have been taped together and made to look political. The audio recording as it stands is a complete distortion. Someone literally took sentences from different parts of that series and constructed a very menacing sounding paragraph in my voice. As such, that paragraph in the audio clip is a complete fabrication.[ ] I am a Muslim theologian and teach (and preach) the theology of Islam, but I have never called for violence against any group or religion*.   It's important to watch the full speech, not a segment of few seconds.  [Here's a uncut lecture  of Yasir Qadhi explicitly condemning terrorism.](https://youtu.be/3y8i3hVtUYw?t=1m55s) He also explains some factors that lead to such groups and how to combat against them.[Another lecture, talks about his beliefs regarding Jihad, monotheism, etc INSIDE A CHURCH](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=updtj99Fp80).
What does wuzza wuzza mean? Is it blah blah type figure of speech.
Sometimes. But men and women will pray separately, often in separate rooms.
Do you expect to be taken seriously when you link to Brietbart?
> https://www.google.ca/amp/www.breitbart.com/big-government/2015/07/19/the-mosques-behind-jihad-attacks-in-america/amp/?client=safariA terrorist used to visit a mosque before he committed a violent act, and that's the proof that the mosque supported his action? [This](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=60CkEmXSYXw) is one of the evil Imams in Boston your article linked to. Pamela Geller of Breitbart is a known Islamophobe, the type of person who would make claims in 2008 like Obama making a pact with Muslims to institute sharia in America.
Oh yeah the churches are totally innocent. Let's just make a blanket assumption that no US church ever put a bad idea in anyone's head
Could you *seriously* not make a better attempt at an unbiased source than Breitbart? 
I mean there are plenty of white people who are arguing that exact point.  This is why Trump won and claims that PC culture are driving people towards the right have become a pretty typical response to criticism of racism and other bigotry
Isn't that exactly what identity politics opponents claim.I mean damn dude, pot meet kettle 
It's honestly pathetic.  He's trying to frame it like the only people who are against this are evil pink haired ess jay dubyas, when the article is literally about a Muslim group
You literally failed to address any of the issues I brought up in my comment. You instead tried to distract from the issue by distracting comments and bullshit. Focus or don't comment. 
Are they getting grants not to? Is anyone proposing grants for those?
> Are people really this deluded into thinking that Christianity and Islam are just as violent as one another?> It's a very Americentric perspective. Americans, especially American liberals, have long had problems with Christianity and Churches and Muslims represent and will probably always represent extremely small percentage of the population so the threat isn't there and so the religious enemy is the Church. That's completely different than (former Cold War) Western Europe where outside of maybe Ireland Christianity is a non-threat because it's been beaten down so much and radicalization of Islam and strong conservatism of a fast growing Muslim population (Muslims on average are much more conservative than Christians in Western Europe) is a real problem. 
>Are people really this deluded into thinking that Christianity and Islam are just as violent as one another?Where is the delusion? The war in Darfur is largely propagated by Christian groups in the South, Joseph Kony was the leader of the Lord's Resistance Army (three guesses which lord that is referring to), and many of the anti-balaka groups in the Central African Republic are Christians. >Are you seriously implying that Islam doesn't have a problem with extremists? All religions do.>What is the purpose of your comment other than to distract from the fact of the epic amounts of violence that is done in the name of Islam?The purpose of his comment is to show that there is a narrative against Islam in this country, and should a mosque accept the funding, they would be affirming it. Muslims in the US largely do not affiliate themselves with terror.
Are you somehow under the impression that Christian terrorism doesn't exist, either worldwide or in the US? Not to mention far-right / white nationalist / anti-Islamic terrorism. In the last two weeks alone one white supremacist nutjob was caught with ricin and another, a self-described Christian crusader, murdered six people in an attack on a Canadian mosque.
Are you really gonna pretend extreme christians aren't a risk in the Us?They shoot up planned parenthoods and in Canada mosquesThey kill sikhs because they don't know they are  different You can cry into your white hoods but these are the facts - http://www.washingtonsblog.com/2013/05/muslims-only-carried-out-2-5-percent-of-terrorist-attacks-on-u-s-soil-between-1970-and-2012.htmlhttp://www.patheos.com/blogs/progressivesecularhumanist/2016/10/christian-terrorists-arrested-in-plot-to-bomb-muslims/
Alexandre Bisonnette apparently shouted Allahu akbar, so I'm damned if I know what your point is.
What? You mean it has a meaning other than holy war? Cause on FOX news, they said it was holy war.... My whole life is a lie
What the fuck other community has extremists setting off bombs and killing people world wide? Are you stupid?
> Most christians don't denounce the KKK as extremist christians, they simply say they aren't christians.Uhhhhh no, incorrect, most Christians would be like No, I dont agree with gay marriage but I clearly dont think homosexuality should be punished by law. or would simply say, Any act of violence done by the KKK is wrong. This is massive majority consensus of Christians world wide. Muslims however, do not have a massive support for denouncing atrocities. As a matter of fact, youd be hard pressed to find a moderate muslim to criticize Hezbollah or Hamas.
The KKK doesn't act in the name of religion. There is absolutely zero in common in these two scenarios. Oh, and the fact that the KKK is basically extinct at this point.
The KKK aren't even extremists anymore... just racists, they don't actually do anything. 
Jesus christ, oh yeah Islam's history of how they handle civilians is just splendid compared to the amount of aid and lives saved by the American military. Nice try though
Ok but what's your opinion on the idea that people should be murdered for insulting the prophet.  I mean how big of a chump is your god that words are worthy of death?  Americans didn't instill that mindset.  The list of Muslim-majority countries that enforce blasphemy laws is a staggering 70 percent.  That's insane.  It's 2017, they're words.
That's why I lump all white people together when a white supremacist burns a black church. White people don't denounce it enough as a group. 
Well lumping them together doesnt really work when you have vehemently defending Islam for everything.
I like my church to stay out of politics.
Be nice to peaceful white supremacists or they'll shoot up your school, your local movie theatre or even your church.
I don't see you, noI did read about a group of Hindus in India killing a Muslim for havingbeef (or more likely it was because he was muslim). But I don't assume things about all Hindus because of that.https://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/sep/30/hindu-mob-kills-muslim-man-eating-beef
Which was yet another really stupid move on Trumps part. As far as I can tell, only ONE program targeting right wing groups, helping reform former Neo Nazis, was ever even granted money. It was effectively already a program targeting Islamic terrorism. He could have just maintained what they were doing with CVE and avoided all of this backlash. Now you have people all over spreading misinformation as if Trump made a decree to remove all right wing terror groups from watchlists across the board.
It's crazy that a temporary travel ban produces more outrage than thousands of civilian deaths under the Obama drone program.  The media sucks.
> Refusing funds... because of feelings?They're refusing funds (as far as we get out of the article) because they don't want to compromise their standing in the community, and because they're worried about the direction the Trump administration is taking the program. If it does turn into a combating muslim extremism program, the strings attached to it would likely be problematic for them, at least in their eyes.
And then women loved on the left like [Linda Sarsour want to remove your vagina for not being a real women when you do.](http://sheikyermami.com/2017/01/linda-sarsour-wants-to-grab-ayaan-hirsi-ali-by-the-pussy/) So, let's reconsider what message is actually being sent.
[deleted]
Bullshit. Individuals speak out but there isn't a global movement against Muslim extremism coming from Muslims. Until Muslims stand up and start talking about cultural change and religious peace and ending this stone age mentality then nothing is going to change.Spoiler: They don't want change. Islam is not compatible with western culture and values.
[deleted]
It's not self-flaggelation. The Koran and the Hadith put forth values that are very problematic for western liberal democracies, and given the incredible amount of violence, homophobia, and mistreatment of women, apostates and blasphemers that is rampant in most Muslim societies, it's not too much to expect followers of the religion to go to fair lengths to help holders of western values understand how those traditional held views can be delineated from a faith that falls in line with liberal democracy. Your notion of some collective responsibiliity for a white supremacy movement that represents literally a fraction of a percent of western society is an extremely imperfect analogy.   
Dylan Roof is a racist piece of shit and an embarrassment to this nation.  The scumbag in Quebec deserves death.  There is zero tolerance for extreme ideologies, on any side they are dangerous and wrong and I firmly believe that.  If someone wants to pay me to spread the word, I am more than happy to do so.  
Also, to be clear, if your god wants you to murder people and justify sex slavery, your god is a fucking dickhead.
Pox blankets handed out in the lounges of airports 
Hey, it's almost like the problem is with religion as a whole...
Its not that religion isn't shitty, but Islamism is worse than all the rest.
It's not any different.  But I'm really tired of this whataboutism anytime Islam is criticized.  One shitty religion doesn't make another shitty religion okay.
But a Christian conservative didn't shoot up gay night club now did they? 
Maybe we should work on both?
Christian extremists don't act these out as much though. 
You just made that up and are wrong 
If there is one thing /r/news has gotten good at its hatred.
Well I mean you can't really argue a Muslim terrorist attack with the quran you can argue terrorist attacks with the bible. 
These guys don't criticize christians for doing the same thing:http://fox2now.com/2016/06/14/baptist-pastor-on-orlando-attack-are-you-sad-that-50-pedophiles-were-killed-today/
The only source I can find right now is a bit sketchy... but it compiles all details from legit sources if you read through. I mostly just remember hearing about this stuff locally, and I'll continue to look for a more unbiased source with the same comprehensive info edit, the previous link had more or less compiled info from these two incidents: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Columbus,_Ohio_shopping_mall_bombing_plothttp://www.nbcnews.com/storyline/isis-uncovered/american-isis-cell-story-3-u-s-recruits-n573831http://www.dispatch.com/content/stories/local/2007/08/04/abdi_guys.ART_ART_08-04-07_A1_R47HATO.html
>Muslims believe in strict monotheism. Worshiping other deities is not allowed in Islam.  Obviously that would mean Muslims therefore believe other religions that encourage polytheism to be wrong. I'm not sure why you think this is so surprising. Not sure if you missed his point or if you're trying to manipulate his words, but there's a huge difference between simply disagreeing with someone's faith and rather saying that those people are the most evil people in the world because of their faith. The person you responded to cited a radical Muslim pushing the hate of christians, but you seem to interpret it as a simple respectful disagreement, which it clearly is not. 
I do not know why you try to educate him, he is a 24 day old /r/donald poster that is trolling r/news.
Everyone, google 'Taqiyya'. This guy is deceiving you. 
As a non trump supporter, I am well aware one should be weary of alt-right news. But there's difference between being skeptical and assuming everything on brietbart is factually wrong.CNN would have you believe brietbart gets its news straight from the donkeys ass. No true.They do have a reputation of taking facts and stretching them. But what news agency doesn't do that? CNN is certainly guilty of exaggerating its stories.If you read the article you'd see all the incidents that were referenced, are real events. Not made up. Perhaps the author might've drawn dramatic conclusions/opinions from these events. But the events still happened. And I was only using the link to show the relationship between certain mosques and terrorist. The authors opinion is of no relevance here. 
I wasn't liking the article for the authors opinions. It was more the incidents of radicals and their relationship to certain mosques that I was trying to reference.I'd agree though, that's a better source 
We're not talking about the churches dipshit.That's the most blatant case of whataboutism that I've seen all day
Why don't you provide a list of unbiased news sources.Oh wait..their all biased. 
It's sometimes hard to find other sources than breitbart because nobody else covers the stories that they cover. 
[deleted]
Slight difference between if you say bad things about my religion i will kill you and if you call me names i won't vote for you.
I didn't answer your questions because I don't know the answer, and you make your opinions on the matter clear - you don't want an answer that doesn't satisfy your views.
I'm going to assume the answer is no. At any rate the grants are pretty pointless in the first place and I don't support them. I'm just annoyed because if you actually read the article it points out how the travel ban is pushing American Muslims away from the US government, which is extremely dangerous considering every single lethal Islamic terrorist attack in the Us since 911 has been conducted by American citizens. 
Islam followers believe there should only be Islam, there is only Islam. It doesnt seem compatible or comparable with anything else.
lol Christianity is a threat in Ireland? To whom? Also are you implying Spain, France and Italty aren't conservative or christian nations...?
> The purpose of his comment is to show that there is a narrative against Islam in this country, and should a mosque accept the funding, they would be affirming it. Muslims in the US largely do not affiliate themselves with terror.There is a narrative because, whether you like it or not, Islam is a problem today. It is full of the worst ideas, ideas that lots of people spent a lot of blood, sweat, and tears trying to rid from Christians in the west.  The racism of the left is being used to try to justify lower expectations for Islam, but I don't buy it.Stop trying to derail the conversation because you don't like the fact that Islam is being singled out. No other religion gets the defense that Islam does.  I'm sure you laugh at the idea of a war on Christmas, right? But I'm supposed to take your cries about a War on Islam seriously? Please.
>Are you somehow under the impression that Christian terrorism doesn't exist, either worldwide or in the US?Yes. I am under the impression that Christian terrorism doesn't exist either world wide or in the US at the scale of Islamic terrorism.I know I know, I'm using pesky facts and numbers and statistics. I'm sorry.>Not to mention far-right / white nationalist / anti-Islamic terrorism. In the last two weeks alone one white supremacist nutjob was caught with ricin and another, a self-described Christian crusader, murdered six people in an attack on a Canadian mosque.How many Islamic terror attacks in the last week just out of curiosity?
>Are you really gonna pretend extreme christians aren't a risk in the Us?no they are not.
His point is he is a bigot 
> What the fuck other community has extremists setting off bombs and killing people world wide? Are you stupid?People being killed 'worldwide' doesn't necessarily reflect the state of what's happening in America in terms of domestic threats and attacks and how we should approach extremism. Partially this is because we have a lot of rhetoric around terrorism whenever a Muslim commits a terrorist attack (e.g. Orlando shooting) but we've had numerous attacks and foiled plots by groups such as white supremacists as well. Generally no one calls Dylan Roof's attack a 'terrorist attack' even though it follows many of the same signatures. Violence isn't a one-way street for sure and singling Muslims out is not a very good strategy.The US Muslim community is by and large very assimilated and peaceful within in the US due to a few factors. They've been working a lot with federal law enforcement to help report extremists and generally are averse to those kinds of ideologies. Alienating Muslims within the US is pretty counter-productive if one's goal is to actually fight extremism.
Well I'm not American but we just had a right wing terrorist kill a few people in a Mosque here in Quebec. I used to be of your mindset, and I hate all religion to be honest. But this year has just proven to me that anyone can take up a cause and be radicalized.And yeah, I would agree there seems to be a special kind of fucked going on within Islam. But your President is doing nothing but make the situation worse for everyone, he has stoked division and emboldened bigotry to a point where people like you forget that anyone can pick up a cause and kill innocents for it.And another community that has been setting off bombs around the world? How about the U.S? You guys have been bombing the shit out of people for much longer than just the last decade,
You forget about the IRA and the Catholic Church? It's funny how incredibly ignorant people have become on the internet despite having access to volumes of information. You really think this is the first time in all of history that extremists have run wild? Are you stupid?
Hi, Christians bombed abortion clinics and killed doctors for their beliefs.*the more you know*
Christians.In Europe and the US, white supremacists.In virtually every nation, nationalists.
What a bizarre statement, seriously. What level of thought process do you have to subject all Muslims to not having support for denouncing atrocities? That is a radical generalization only to be fueled by Most Christians.... You have the opinions of all these people? Do tell. 
Most republicans dont agree with you.  Look at the polls that show what republicans say at punishing homosexuality.  Our own vice president supports conversion therapy.
The entire point of the KKK is to provide protection for the white *protestant* american, from the foreigner and the blacks.  They are explicitly religious.
The amount of aid and lives saved? How about you never went there in the first place. You should actually pay MORE reparations, stop the supporting of puppet regimes and pull out of muslim countries.Just imagine the tears if the sides were flipped.
Except for fringe members of BLM, no one is seriously lumping all white people together (at least in the US, in some places it is an actual issue).  So it isn't an actual risk.  Yeah, maybe it isn't fair that some groups get lumped together or not, but trying to ignore how reality currently works isn't likely to go one's way.
Lumping skin color and ideology together.W E W
Sadly Baptists, Catholic, and Mormons are all for housing illegals and bringing over refugees.I'm sure Methodists, Pentecostals, Protestants, and other denominations are just as altruistic. Republicans will never threaten them with taking away their tax exempt status for housing illegals, but will for sanctuary cities.
Got it. Be nice to everyone and the world won't suck. 
What white supremacist shot up a school or movie theater?
Except as you've admitted the problem is the response doesn't get the air time the terrorists do. They can't force the news to cover them.
Yes, they absolutely do. Just because you don't hear it doesn't mean it doesn't happen.
There's no world council of Muslims 
It's an honest question.  I think the expectations many people place on the US Muslim community to 'speak out against terrorism' are unreasonable, especially considering that terrorists who are 'radicalized' here in the US are overwhelmingly white.  US Muslims *do* speak out and take action against terrorism, and I kind of wonder if the people who say things like this have gone looking or just assumed that because they personally didn't see it it didn't happen.  Vague demands that they should 'do more' aren't helpful, particularly when it's not clear the speaker knows what's already being done.  It's at the point where it simply looks vindictive.  I don't blame these folks for turning down a grant from a program that is soon to be renamed to focus exclusively on Muslims, probably at the expense of american lives.  
The problem is that Muslim folks in the US *do* speak out against and work against extremism.  You just don't see it on the nightly news.  That's why vague comments like this ('too seldom,' 'not aggressive') are unhelpful and I'm asking exactly what more is being asked of them.  >Your notion of some collective responsibiliity for a white supremacy movement that represents literally a fraction of a percent of western society is an extremely imperfect analogy.It compares very well to your notion of some collective responsibility for islamic terrorism that is an even smaller fraction of a percent of the communities we're talking about.  
So does the bible, and yet we have half the country who wants to make it illegal to be gay.  Where's the outcry about that extremism?
Yeah, that's why I don't worship Yahweh in any of his guises. Dude is a straight dick
Trump supporters ladies and gentlemen, cause genocide is a good idea.
The idea that you can receive eternal paradise by following a set a random rules is the most evil concept ever created, it turns otherwise moral men criminally insane, because logically speaking if you really believe it you have follow the rules, no matter what they are.
People will contort whatever message they want out of any religious or secular text. It's called *rhetoric*. 
While true our current administration is literally singling out one religion. They are even neglecting other forms of terrisism (white supremacist/Christians) to solely focus on Radical Islam.
Milo says similar shit and he doesn't claim it's religion 
It only seems that way because there are no Christian theocracies left (except for Vatican City) that urge this type of behavior. So they are kind of restrained. If you got rid of the Islam theocracies they would calm down too.
The problem is when folks attack only one side, if they attacked both sides they get wide support.
I mean Christians have murdered lots of gay people over the years. This isn't really a contest. 
No, they are smarter and more efficient they abuse gays until they commit suicide, about 2000/year.
Christian conservatives commit acts of terrorism all the time.http://www.motherjones.com/politics/2017/02/terror-attacks-trump-wont-talk-about-white-supremacists
No but they do shoot up an abortion clinics for their God:https://www.nytimes.com/2015/12/02/us/robert-dear-planned-parenthood-shooting.htmlAlso lets have a look at 2 of my favourite cases of good old Christians.I believe that I am acting in accordance with the will of the Almighty Creator: by defending myself against the Jew, I am fighting for the work of the Lord - Adolf HitlerOr how about the KKK, lovely group of Christian guys.Now here's the real challenge, find me an atheist who kills people for their G... oh wait they don't kill for non existent things.
As much? haha that's an understatement 
Thats actually very difficult to evaluate. There is a distinct lack of data in this particular area, stemming primarily from inconsistent application of the 'terror' label. Things 'islamic' get labeled 'terrorist' a lot quicker than other sorts of attacks. Dont get me wrong, there is a very good chance you are correct, but data wise its difficult to claim either with certainty
Are you suggesting there are no extremist Christian Churches in the states that believe gay people should be put to death? Don't get me wrong I'm not a fan of Islam in any sense of the word but there are a fair few Southern-Bapist, fire & brimstone Churches whose members would be happy to see gay people executed and homosexuality made illegal in the States. Definitely not the norm but they exist. 
Tell that to US christians helping Uganda craft laws that criminalize homosexuality.  
Google LRA. 
You mean like bludgeoning someone with a copy of Leviticus or something?
Reading through that post and the few links inside that weren't dead, it's seems like a whole lot of coincidence, and there's very little mention of the mosque itself.  For example, the first three radicals it talks about, Jaffrey Khan and co., only attended the mosque a few times and had next to no involvement with it.  They moved to Columbus to be close to Khan's wife's parents and happened to live nearby the mosque, and that's basically the extent of the mosques involvement in their story.
CNN: fake newsNYT: fake newsWSJ: fake newsshariaunveiled wordpress blog: LEGITIMATE SOURCEWow, I guess I must be ignorant about the world if I'm not getting my news from Breitbart, my racist uncle's Facebook page, and preventwhitegenocide.com. You right wingers are too hilarious.
If there were actually 6 radicals linked to a mosque, obviously there needs to be more than just a thorough investigation of the mosque. But the post doesn't seem to link any strong ties. One person attended a mosque for a few weeks and was already known to be an extremist by the FBI. And this person was linked to two other people. BTW, Muslims visit mosques every Friday for less than an hour for a general religious sermon, so this isn't saying anything.
Stop believing trash, learn what real news is.
Worshiping other than the Creator (idolatry) is considered one of the worst things a person can do in Islam. Idolatry is also considered the greatest sin in Judaism.  This doesn't mean you have to hate people of other religions. In fact, the speaker gave [a recent talk in a Church with Dr. James White](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=updtj99Fp80), where he discusses subjects such as monotheism and jihad more in-depth (better than a out of context audio clip). He has openly talked about Islam with people of other faiths many times. Muslims like Yasir Qadhi get along quite well with Christians.
Taqiyya: taqiyya according to Shia doctrine,  is permissible in situations where there is overwhelming danger of loss of life or property and where no danger to religion would occur thereby. -WikipediaTaqiyya was used during the time of persecution where you were killed if you followed a religion that was not allowed in the land. This does not apply here.
I do not care what CNN does, Brietbart is straight up trash and everything that comes out of their mouth is a lie.
We kind of are. A mosque is a church for their religion. Just like the bar is the church for mine...
Dude. Steve Bannon is at least partially behind the Muslim ban, and you're using his own newspaper as a source to support his narrative. That's just silly. Source: Me.
Think about what you're saying.
Gee it's almost like they make shit up with unsubstantiated claims and no sources.
I mean I hear where the mosque is coming from.  I think what they're saying is more akin to if you're only going to target bullies who are racist, and have no plans to address people who bully nerds, homophobic bullies, etc, then we aren't going to support your anti-bullying program.  
Sorry, can you point out to me where this organization said anything about killing anyone?  The group is saying If you only target Muslims instead of extremists of all flavors, then we are not going to support this political initiative, Trump supporters say If you call us racists, then we're going to support this opposing political initiative.  The only real difference here is that you hate Muslims and not Trump supporters
No, you answered my question with an answer that was meant to distract from the question I was asking. You are trying to derail the discussion. 
If someone decides to commit a terrorist attack that's on them not Trump. 
As a Muslim, I can tell you that is untrue. We believe Islam is the truth, just as every other religion believes their message is the truth. However, we also believe in People of the Book who are believers and may be granted entry into Paradise, God willing, but who are not Muslim. Christians, Jews, and Sabaeans are considered some of the People of the Book, even if we differ on some views.The prevalent view among Muslims is not that there should be only Islam. There is a verse in the Qur'an that states to you your religion and to me mine (Qur'an 106:6). That signifies a view that all people are entitled to their believes and it is not for us to try and change that. We believe it is for God alone to decide that on the Day of Judgment. The only time I see people claiming Islam teaches otherwise is when I am online reading comments by non-Muslims who claim that is what we believe. There is serious misinformation going on and I'm not sure where this false information originates from.
The troubles...
Abortion is literally illegal in Ireland and I assure you that's not because Old Celtic faith had something to say about it. And that's just one example, Ireland is generally the most Catholic/religiously conservative nation in Western Europe though it's still quite liberal and open compared to the likes of Poland or Russia in Eastern Europe. But then even they aren't as bad as Iran or Saudi Arabia so it's all in gradients, really. 
>There is a narrative because, whether you like it or not, Islam is a problem today. It is full of the worst ideas, ideas that lots of people spent a lot of blood, sweat, and tears trying to rid from Christians in the west. I am not sure what you are trying to say here. Sure, Islam has its problems, but Christianity has its problems too. We do not expect Christians to decry the Oklahoma City bombing, so why do we ask Muslims to participate in the slander of their own religion? Why would I buy into something that paints me as an extremist?>The racism of the left is being used to try to justify lower expectations for Islam, but I don't buy it.I have very few expectations of Muslims. I have very few expectations of Christians, too. >Stop trying to derail the conversation because you don't like the fact that Islam is being singled out. No other religion gets the defense that Islam does.Right, when you see an Arab bad guy in a movie, you just hate it, don't you? When the media plays into your preconceived biases, you really critically think about them, huh? If you speak Arabic on a plane, some little white haired old lady can get the TSA to come, and then your day gets a whole lot shittier. Racially based attacks on Muslims were very high for a number of years. You are not the victim here.>I'm sure you laugh at the idea of a war on Christmas, right? But I'm supposed to take your cries about a War on Islam seriously? Please.Yes, I do laugh at it, because it is beyond dumb. No one is asking you to take anything seriously. But when you don't know something, it is fine I promise, just shut the fuck up.
Christian Terrorism does exist. Google Lord's Resistance Army as just one example. They've killed many people and employ child soldiers. Christians aren't always the saints you're painting them as. 
> How many Islamic terror attacks in the last week just out of curiosity?I assume you mean in the US and Canda, as with my examples? You tell me - that's *your* narrative and *your* burden of proof.
Tell that to the people who died at the hands of chritisian terrorists 
>People being killed 'worldwide' doesn't necessarily reflect the state of what's happening in AmericaThats an extremely stupid statement, seeing as America has had similar terrorist attacks and threats that the rest of the world has experienced. I dont see how you can remove the Nice attack, Charlie Hebdo, Bataclan, Boston Massacre, and the night club shooting in Orlando and lump them together as an approach to extremism. These are all extremely, extremely, related. >numerous attacks and foiled plots by groups such as white supremacistsThats a lie, white supramacist terrorist attacks are a tiny drop in an ocean. Also, the collective also already demonizes the KKK; no one is going around going guys the KKK is an organization of peace!>Alienating Muslims within the US is pretty counter-productive if one's goal is to actually fight extremism.Alienating them by paying them to promote peace? Youre a delusional leftists, go play your acoustic somewhere else. 
> But this year has just proven to me that anyone can take up a cause and be radicalized.There is a disproportionate amount of radicalization and support for radicalization within the Muslim community. This is objective fact. >And another community that has been setting off bombs around the world? How about the U.S? You guys have been bombing the shit out of people for much longer than just the last decade,Leave it to a cannuck who relies on our military to try and demonize our military.
Muslims just do it more then any other demographic by a factor of 100.
Theres been like 15 major islamic terrorists attacks within a 3 year period and youre sitting here bringing up the IRA. Brilliant
Well considering Wikipedia says only 11 deaths have occurred from anti-abortion violence I am gonna say there's a bit of a false equivalency going on. The Pulse shooting alone killed 5x as many people as 'Christian' anti-abortion has for the last 100 years.
There are no Christians or nationalists setting off bombs and murdering people world wide on a routine basis, not even close you stupid asshole
Theres the Boston bombing done in Allah's name, then Charlie Hebdo shooting done in Allah's name, months later theres the Bataclan massacre done in Allah's name, ***ONE*** MONTH later theres the San Bernadino attack done in Allah's name, and then months later you have the Orlando shooting done in Allah's name, and then ***ONE MONTH LATER*** you have the Nice attack, and then months later you have the BERLIN terrorist attack done in Allah's name.YEAH DUDE, WHY SHOULD MUSLIMS HAVE TO DENOUNCE VIOLENCE? LIKE CHRISTIAN TERRORIST ATTACKS HAPPEN EVERY OTHER MONTH. GET FUCKED.
Show me the polls where a significant portion of republicans believe homosexuals should be punished
The last time USA went isolationist they were attacked anyway, then butt fucked everyone in ww2. Believe you me, we dont want to deal with your bullshit, but the world is incapable of getting along anyway snowflake. 
Pull out of Muslim countries? You mean the thing we did that created the power vacuum that gave us ISIS? Or should the US have never intervened and let Russia bomb the entire neighborhood flat in the 70's?
Oh wait, those people in that church was nice to that asshole and he still shot em up. Tsk. Now what?
Show me...please. Give me a source or an organization that shows the work they are doing and the progress made. Because Muslims are at the top of the food chain in terms of minority victimization in MSM. If the Muslim community as a whole were actually doing good to stop women's oppression in their culture or fighting for gay rights or opposing extremism, it would be all over CNN, The New York Times, Huffpo and the rest of the liberal rags that people refer to as journalism.
[deleted]
The terrorism stuff for sure. That's fringe of the fringe. I'm more speaking to a general alignment with liberal values on gays, women's rights, free speech, religious freedom, etc. Not such an issue in the US, but in Europe there is a legit problem with gross misalignment of value systems. Then again, what the hell do I know. 
I'm not a Trump supporter. And who are you talking to...?
I've run into more cases of people fitting the rules to their agenda then anything. My last girlfriend thing, heavily Christian. Told me it was okay that she had sex out of wed, because God wanted her to be happy. She also told me that we couldn't be together, because I don't believe. Fit the rules to get what you want.
I'm pretty sure the idea that you can receive eternal paradise, the good part of it fast tracked by brutally murdering innocent people is worse.
Jesus said to turn the other cheek, Muhamud said to kill them where you find them. Basically the same thing right?
When was the last christian faith inspired terrorist attack?
Hahaha, okay why don't we count all the women, gay people, and religious minorities killed by Islam then? 
Did they kill in the name of their god though? When a Muslim (or Christian) robs a gas station, we don't mention their faith. It matters and changes when they kill in the name of their god.
Are you high? If we're going on body count here, than you have no argument. There is data and it doesn't look good for Islam, to put it lightly
Keyword argue. 
ah yes, The Old Testament. You know Christians follow the teachings of Jesus and the New Testament, right? Sure, some Christians cherry pick from the OT but what you're saying shows your ignorance of religions.
That one is not such a strong connection, but it is highly suspicious that they lived in the same building as one of the other men who were connected to al-qaeda. the men who were arrested for connections to al-qaeda would literally meet up at the mosque. http://www.dispatch.com/content/stories/local/2007/08/04/abdi_guys.ART_ART_08-04-07_A1_R47HATO.htmlhttp://www.nbcnews.com/storyline/isis-uncovered/american-isis-cell-story-3-u-s-recruits-n573831
Where did I say anything about anything being fake news in the first place? You sound like a mindless zealot trying to frame an argument here based on talking points that have nothing to do with anything I've said. Regardless, it is not even pretending to be a primary source, it is compiled from several different news sources, such as a local NBC affiliate and Ohio State University's paper.
Anything you don't agree with is fake, right. Rhetorical question
I've encountered various Muslims in different countries (Philippines, India and a few other places) and I have been berated and threatened a few times because I was not Muslim.  One time in manila I actually was worried for my life as a large group of Muslims surrounded me in a hotel led by a large Pakistani man that was yelling telling me that God was going to damn me to hell.  They wouldn't let me leave and kept pushing be back into the circle.  Only a small percent of Muslims are extremists just like any other belief system has, but Islam does have a higher percent of militant believers.  They are not generally tolerant of non Muslims, especially Christians in my experience.  Islam encourages all government to be heavily influenced by Islam.
What ever, dude. Fuck Muhammed (Pigs Blood be Upon Him)
Then you're a Clinton News Network pawn. Everything but your left wing news networks are alternate news station right?
That's factually wrong and you're an idiot for thinking that. 
But in this context specificity matters.We're talking about *mosques* not churches. Don't Intertwine the two words.Are you going to start referring to churches as synagogues as synonymous things? Probably not. So stfu
Nope. Trump was proposing the ban way before Bannon was on the team. Look at the calendar.I'm sure he played a part in putting it in wetting, but so what?
Ok, I think that Breitbart covers stories that other news organizations will not cover. Happy?
Yeah. They all do. 
I do not believe I said that. The argument that is frequently proposed is that if you antagonize muslims they will react violently. If you follow the thread you will see this.
Yes definitely, but it's disingenuous to say that Trump's actions aren't alienating the people most likely to commit acts of terrorism. If it was a Democrat who proposed the ban I'd blame them too. Stupid crosses both sides of the political isle.  
You also believe in killing non-believers where ever you find them, that is if you believe in the teachings of Islam. 
Which lasted 40 years and had a death toll of about 3500 people, in total.
Abortion is constitutionally illegal, meaning it requires a referendum to change, and no party wants to rock the boat, despite a high likelihood of pro-choice side winning out. The reason why the status-quo is kept is because of how relatively easy it is to get it done by the NHS in the UK, creating a situation where it can be both be accessible and illegal at the same time.Ireland is not the most religiously conservative nation in Western Europe, not by a long shot. I would know, I live there. This is the country which legalized gay marriage by popular vote and has hyper-liberal social values.
> I am not sure what you are trying to say here. Sure, Islam has its problems, but Christianity has its problems too. We do not expect Christians to decry the Oklahoma City bombing, so why do we ask Muslims to participate in the slander of their own religion? Why would I buy into something that paints me as an extremist?Christianity's problems are nowhere near Islam's problems. Not even close. The fact that you put them in the same breath is disingenuous.You're still rolling out the OKC bombing, when Islam has multiple worse bombings than that PER YEAR. Ignoring also the reasoning behind OKC wasn't Christianity, it was an attack on the federal government, which is NOT WHAT ISIS is. So, please excuse me, but you've shown a distinct lack of understanding of the issue.>Right, when you see an Arab bad guy in a movie, you just hate it, don't you? When the media plays into your preconceived biases, you really critically think about them, huh? If you speak Arabic on a plane, some little white haired old lady can get the TSA to come, and then your day gets a whole lot shittier. Racially based attacks on Muslims were very high for a number of years. You are not the victim here.Yeah Muslims aren't persecuted in the west nearly as bad as Jews are. Look at the hate crime stats there kid. Jews are 3x as likely to be attacked, yet you're more worried about something that doesn't happen. Perhaps you should worry about the real world, not what goes on in your imagination.
> Yes. I am under the impression that Christian terrorism doesn't exist either world wide or in the US at the scale of Islamic terrorism.What part of that indicates I think that Christians are saints? How is that me painting Christians as saints? Saying Islam has a uniquely abhorrent problem of violence doesn't excuse or diminish the violence of other groups. Saying they're the same magnitude of violence, however, is unhelpful and ridiculously wrong to boot.
Are you that bigoted that you only care about the west? I seem to remember a truck attack in Berlin and a knife attack at Ohio State a few weeks ago, but they don't count in your mind?I guess if you cherry pick your data you get to see what you want. Perhaps you should use longer time horizons and actually count bodies and impact, because what you're doing is nonsensical. 
San Bernandino, Orlando, Minneapolis, New Jersey/New York, Ohio and one in Pacific Northwest. And that's just off the top of my head. Then add to that Brussels, Paris, Nice, week of terror in Germany, slaughter of Charlie Hebdo and more in Europe and the rise of ISIS and Arab Winter where pro democracy became pro theocracy... But yeah, Christianity is totally as bad as Islam. I know because relativism says so and it must be true. Islam being more radicalized would be racist and we can't have that!
what all 10 of them over 20 years? 
https://www.reddit.com/r/NetflixBestOf/comments/5sqfvs/us_gentlemans_agreement_1947_gregory_peck_goes/ddibkon/
I'm pretty sure your constant pointless invasions of third world countries don't do shit to help Canada. Actually, I take that back. They do help Canada... by making it look good in comparison to the idiots to its south. 
Hah, I love it.  Any criticism of U.S. foreign policy always gets that response. You guys act like the world police and think any criticism of your actions means we want to demonize you, when in reality I was just pointing out an objectionable fact as well. How many civilian deaths do you think the U.S. is responsible for, as opposed to the people you are fighting? It's such a double standard.And yes, objectives matter. But the U.S. objective in the middle east has been what, to stabilize and incite democracy? That turned to shit pretty quick.As a Vet myself I can tell you to fuck right off. I was in Afghanistan with you guys when the U.S. **requested** our involvement. Seems to me the U.S has requested Canada's aid in combat much more than we have.
There's been like 1 Milllion fatal car accidents within a 1 year period and you're sitting here bringing up terrorists attacks. Brilliant.
Yes, there are. They don't get the attention Islamic extremism gets right now, but other forms of terrorism haven't suddenly ceased in the last 20 years. It's hard to sell a bogeyman to the public if it's clear that it's humans, not specific ideologies, that are the problem.
Muslims do denounce violence. What type of person are you to demonize massive amounts of individuals under the actions of certain others? What a dead beat troll. 
30% would want to ban gays from entering the country:http://www.publicpolicypolling.com/main/2016/02/trump-clinton-still-have-big-sc-leads.html
>but the world is incapable of getting along anyway snowflake.So lets ruin it some more? Is that what you're saying?
I was nice to a dude I thought was homeless. I got robbed. Know what? I still buy someone food if the look like they could use some help. 
This took me all of 1 seconds to google.http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/indonesian-muslims-counter-isis_us_565c737ae4b072e9d1c26bda
No evidence...no retort...only downvotes.Big surprise.
Realistically, marginalized people bending over backwards to please people who are bigoted against them has never gotten them anywhere.  You know who has to speak out against Islamophobia for it to stop being so widely accepted?  White people.  Christians.  Our government.  That's how change happens: when the people who *aren't* victims of bigotry stop letting it slide.  Take New York City.  That's the one place in the country that has been *most* affected by Islamic terrorism, but Islamophobia is relatively uncommon here.  That's because Muslim people are our neighbors.  We see the work they do in their communities.  We *know* they're not scary.  That doesn't do a thing for somebody who lives in middle america and has never even *seen* a Muslim, though, so they go through their lives only thinking of them as terrorists and never seeing the positive things the Muslim community does, because that doesn't make the national news.  >While you have an unbalanced (crazy) person like Dylan Roof in Charleston, SC, and some other incidents as a practical matter you don't see white supremacists doing much in the way of international terror.  You're minimizing a very real, very serious threat here.  Don't do that.  Again and again we minimize white supremacist mass murderers as 'crazy,' outliers, not representative of their culture.  We don't do that with brown people.  And for some reason you seem to think that's the brown people's fault?  
Except that from my observation, the goal posts always move.  If an organization denounces it, then it's just political , and if they don't mention a specific method, that's tacit approval.  If an individual says something, that's just one guy, and he's probably not a real Muslim, or he's a secular Muslim, or in some other way not the kind of Muslim they mean.  If they join the army, it's the same deal.  Then they tell Muslims that every real Muslim is a jihadist, and the rest are fakes.Why bother to fight extremism if it gets you nowhere?  
Okay, so that's called moving the goalposts.  You started by claiming that my comparison between violent islamic extremism and violent white supremacism was unfair because white supremacists were a 'fraction of a percent of western society,' but now suddenly we're talking about some vague idea of their 'alignment with liberal values?'  
Ha, that is true, Jesus is just a mascot for their personal beliefs. I always ask a Christian What do you disagree with Jesus?, if they say nothing, they probably modeled Jesus after their own beliefs.
ThingLolz
Jesus and American Christian Jesus are two entirely different things. On that note, Jesus also said to not fight slavery and to not use the church to sell shit.
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Colorado_Springs_Planned_Parenthood_shooting
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Christian_terrorism#United_StatesAlso, https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anti-abortion_violence#United_States
I just don't understand what you are saying.
A. It says they chatted *after* services at the Mosque, not that they met at the mosque.B. Thats called circumstantial evidence.  The mosque has a tangential connection to several radicals, and while that might seem suspicious, unless you can find substantial evidence that intimately ties these people to this mosque or its staff then there's no reason to conclude that this is anything other than an unfortunate coincidence for the mosque.
These left wingers aren't too smart. They just parrot nonense they hear from their overlords. 
I'm sorry to hear that. I can't defend the actions of every Muslim community. Islam doesn't tell us to harm or take advantage of people just because they aren't Muslim. Muslims have a higher percentage of violent extremists today, but that has more to do with the political &  social context the Muslims are in today. There is also a strong correlation with poverty and certain crimes. Even looking back 25 years ago, it wasn't this bad in several Muslim countries. 
No, I am just a person that can think critically, unlike you. 
> I'm sure he played a part in putting it in wetting, but so what?Wetting? Wording? I assume you mean that Bannon played a part in the final EO. Do you not see how quoting his own publication in defence of it is therefore ridiculous?
I guess I'm at least happy that you admit your bias and agenda.
The argument is that antagonizing Muslims leads to Muslims being ostracized and makes them prime targets for radicalization, not that insulting Islam turns Muslims into killers.  No need for strawmen.  It's a pretty simple and sensible argument.  If you make people feel unwelcome in society and threatened then they are more likely to buy into the narrative of violent extremist groups, whose main narratives is quite often you are unwelcome and being threatened, so join us, we can protect you and people like you.  This isn't just an argument for Muslim people extremists either: the KKK relies on the idea that white Protestant Americans and their way of life are being threatened by minorities, homosexuals and the left, and the Nation of Islam relied on the idea that white people on the whole were a fundamental threat to African Americans.  If you ever take time to read some of Bin Laden's writing you'll see that one of his explicitly stated goals was to encourage the ostracization of Muslims, because it made them prime targets for radicalization.  This is also why it's usually anti-social loners who are radicalized as opposed to devout Muslims who are actively involved in their mosque, because the first group already feels alone and threatened, while the latter have large communities to support and reassure them.
> Yes definitely, but it's disingenuous to say that Trump's actions aren't alienating the people most likely to commit acts of terrorism.If they are that likely to commit terrorism shouldn't they be alienated? I mean are you really arguing we try to appease people who are likely to commit terrorist attacks. We're going to blow you up, what if we make sharia law the law, will you not blow us up then?, maybeyeah no thanks. >If it was a Democrat who proposed the ban I'd blame them too.Stupid crosses both sides of the political isle.Blame them for what exactly, alienating people who want to commit terrorist attacks? I mean if terrorist attacks started happening significantly more frequently as a direct result you might have a point but they haven't. 
Christianity has those same teachings. Not everyone follows everything from a religion anyway, not even the religions themselves (e.g. different sects).
Well I did say they were more liberal than Eastern Europeans on average. What I specifically said in my original comment was that Ireland is the most religious nation in Western Europe. 
>Christianity's problems are nowhere near Islam's problems. Not even close. The fact that you put them in the same breath is disingenuous.Cool, I guess all those people living in the Central African Republic can magically come back to life now.>You're still rolling out the OKC bombing, when Islam has multiple worse bombings than that PER YEAR. Ignoring also the reasoning behind OKC wasn't Christianity, it was an attack on the federal government, which is NOT WHAT ISIS is. So, please excuse me, but you've shown a distinct lack of understanding of the issue.How would you meaningfully differentiate those two things though? It seems as if the Islamic STATE would wish to secede from the coutnries they operate in. There are very few tenants of Islam that ISIS even conforms to.>Yeah Muslims aren't persecuted in the west nearly as bad as Jews are. Look at the hate crime stats there kid. Jews are 3x as likely to be attacked, yet you're more worried about something that doesn't happen. Perhaps you should worry about the real world, not what goes on in your imagination.What does this have to do with anything? Real talk, this seems apropos of nothing. I have enough empathy to care about the plight of Muslims, and of Jews. And of course anti-Muslim attacks happen, are you nuts?
In this thread you have repeatedly refused to acknowledge terrorism by any group other than Islam. I suspect that you know very few Muslims in your real life and simply have a bias against people who you see as other. I also suspect that you know a great many Christians and that's why you fail to acknowledge violence perpetrated by Christians. 
> How many Islamic terror attacks **in the last week** just out of curiosity?That was your question (bold mine).>I seem to remember a truck attack in Berlin and a knife attack at Ohio State a few weeks ago, but they don't count in your mind?So no, two attacks from last year do not count within your own parameters.
[deleted]
Back in the day the KKK was a Christian group. While everyone focused on the terrible things they did based on rape, they terrorized gays, and atheists as well. The Klan still exists as a Christian rights group.
All that in the last week? Clearly I haven't been keeping up with the news. Come on - at least *try* to keep on topic.
10 deaths?Really?Stop. 
forgetting the 6 that died to the trump scumbag terrorist in Quebec? Or do they not count to your kind?
Shall we add in the Ismalic terrorists attacks that have also occured in Germany, France, England, Sweden, France, etc?
[removed]
>How many civilian deaths do you think the U.S. is responsible for, as opposed to the people you are fighting? It's such a double standard.Oh yes, if the US never intervened the Middle East would be a fucking utopia of peace and tolerance without any influence from any other country. People seem to forget when Russia was specifically bombing the shit out of civilian villages in the 70s, and they were begging us for weapons tech so they can defend their homes.>And yes, objectives matter. But the U.S. objective in the middle east has been what, to stabilize and incite democracy? That turned to shit pretty quick.Because Islam is an archaic religion. The biggest shit pile our military came to discover is how unwilling Middle Easterners are to defend their country against Islamic militant groups. >http://www.bbc.com/news/world-middle-east-27789770Despite outnumbering ISIL 15:1, the Iraqi forces constantly retreat and abandon post.>As a Vet myself I can tell you to fuck right off. I was in Afghanistan with you guys when the U.S. requested our involvement. Seems to me the U.S has requested Canada's aid in combat much more than we have.AKA pull your fucking weight instead of bitching, youre a fucking soldier.
[removed]
Seat belts already exist, where are the seat belts for Muslims beliefs. 
Wow what a dumb reply... so, anyone can bring up anything in relation to anything else and it defeats the validity of said anything? Dude, if you're even willing to compare car accidents and terrorist attacks, no matter how implicitly, I fkin want to hug and high five **each and every one of the terrorists** cause they've apparently done something wonderfully devious to the western population and they deserve each and every credit we could possibly give them (give credit where credit is due)...my god, one would expect you wouldn't get such a hissy fit about an even more regressive option than your average bible thump christian, but I guess not... marvelous.
With the exception of the recent Quabec shooting, name it 
>Muslims do denounce violenceA tiny portion of them>What type of person are you to demonize massive amounts of individuals under the actions of certain others? What type of coward can sit there and listen to thousands of people being purged or murdered all over the world under one specific ideology only to try and defend said ideology because the others arent doing the killing? 
30% of Trump supporters from one single state in the South would want to ban gays from entering the country, which is different than over 50% of the Muslim world believing they want to be ruled by Sharia Law, which punishes homosexuals by death.>http://www.pewresearch.org/fact-tank/2016/07/22/muslims-and-islam-key-findings-in-the-u-s-and-around-the-world/also half of the US muslim population (48%) believe theyre religious leaders to not do enough to denounce radical Islam.>http://www.people-press.org/2011/08/30/muslim-americans-no-signs-of-growth-in-alienation-or-support-for-extremism/I am objectively correct and you are wrong.
Whats the other option? Sit around a campfire and wait to be invaded? Let's not fuck with the USA. Why? Uhh because theyre nice?
Exactly. The actions of one person or a few idiots doesn't represent the whole.
The reason why people like myself don't take your opinion seriously is because you google, read a huffpo article and take it at face value as validation without research. The NU is a very old organization and though they do preach moderate Islamic bliefs, their goal is to spread Islam throughout the world, a form that is incompatible with western culture.This tolerant form of Islam that the NU tries to spread includes the practice of female genital mutilation and Polygny for men and Polyandry for women.Sure..they oppose murdering innocent people. If that's the benchmark we are setting for Islam then fine, but don't be upset when Americans don't want mass Muslim migration because they have a stone age culture that we don't like.     
I mean, I've gone to church. Many denominations of Christianity. Trying to fix the whole depression thing I'm dealing with. And they all say the same thing. But somehow love thy neighbor only counts if they're the same as you. They'll sell you out the moment you disagree with anything that gets said. And in this instance, 97% of the people here saying no to refugees, etc have never met a Syrian. Because I don't believe in god. If my house burns down, deport me? Is that really what they want? A stepford wives type neighborhood where everything is bland and the same?Have you people never had shwarma?! That shit is delicious.
I believe the meme you're referring to is properly known as Supply Side Jesus
I'm comparing ideologies, if you want to compare actions just look at the respective terrorist attacks. 
So 2 years ago. When was the last Islamic terrorist attack? Oh right yesterday. 
Score board
There are passages in the bible that oppose terrorist actions, not so much in the quran. 
>everything that comes out of their mouth is a lie.No you can't think critically. This sentence prove it. You think with your emotions. You don't like trump and brietbart is associated with him so everything they say must be trash. That's a ridiculous train of thought.I bet you've never read their content.I think a more logical statement is; some things reported by brietbart are inaccurate or even false.When you start dealing in extremes you end up sounding childish.The article I citied has real events. Perhaps the authors opinion/conclusions about the event aren't correct. But the events did happen.So I just proved you wrong. Not EVERYTHING they say is false. 
Bro, trumps been touting the Muslim ban way before Bannon was on the team
> How would you meaningfully differentiate those two things though? It seems as if the Islamic STATE would wish to secede from the coutnries they operate in. There are very few tenants of Islam that ISIS even conforms to.Read what they say. Go read ISIS's magazine. They will tell you why they hate you and why they fight you. Spoiler: It's not because of US imperialism.>What does this have to do with anything? Real talk, this seems apropos of nothing. I have enough empathy to care about the plight of Muslims, and of Jews. And of course anti-Muslim attacks happen, are you nuts?It has to do with the fact that you're trying to act like Muslims are such a persecuted minority in the US when the fact of the matter is they aren't. So stop painting them as some super victim.
Good thing for us both nothing you said is true. Please stop projecting your hatred onto me.
Funny. 50 people were killed in the Pulse Night Club shooting and people tried to obfuscate the reasoning behind that and claim it was gun violence.Don't play the game of whose tragedies are more covered and whose are ignored. It's gross, and you're wrong.
No they don't. Not in any numbers. And if you polled Christians and asked what they think of the KKK, they would be far more optimistic outcomes than if you ask Muslims what they think of ISIS. That's ignoring the fact that ISIS is worse than the KKK...
Isn't all these happening in ~1.5 years enough?
link me christian shootings or bombing for the past 10 years in the US.  Actual christian terrorism.  Not just white kids shooting up schools that has nothing to do with religion. Abortion clinic shootings are the only 'christian' terrorism I can think of and there has only been a couple of those over 50 years. 
Don't forget most Islamic terrorist attacks happen in Islamic countries. 
Trump voters try so hard to prove they're not homophobes... but sometimes they can't resist letting it slip. 
Wow, the hubris in this post. Why the fuck should I care about your dick waving contest with Russia? You're ignoring the fact that The U.S entered Iraq with shit all for intel, not knowing the kind of sectarian shit that was going on there, not knowing the fucking difference between Sunni and Shia sects, the whole thing was a fuckup of epic proportions.But go ahead and blame Iraqis for the whole fucking mess, a populace that had been crushed by a dictatorship for decades and had multiple ethnic purges, then had an invading force set in with no real objective apart from occupation.And pull your fucking weight? Fuck you! Jesus, you have no idea where I've been or what I've done. And you completely missed my point. Canada has never requested U.S military aid for any war, any conflict. Name me one.Fuck, we were fighting Nazis before you guys were. As far as I can tell, I can be a lot more proud of my nation's military history than yours. 
>  fucking retarded fucking snowflakes.Uh oh, sounds like you're triggered. Quick, where's the nearest safe space.....HAHAHHAHAHAHA
To continue with your analogy, it's up to *you* to put on that seat-belt when you step into a car. Stupid people will do stupid things whether you legislate or not. What make you think we can legislate away extreme ideology anymore than we can stop school shootings by making it harder to get guns?
Hyperbole, look it up. Whoosh is how I'd describe your response.
By no means a comprehensive list, but it's a start, and includes incidents on several continents.https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Christian_terrorism
a tiny section of trump supporters denounced the Quebec attack. are we to take it then that Trump and a majority of his supporters support terrorism?
Oh, moving the goalposts aren't you?  You asked for *any* evidence showing republican bigotry and hate.  You're mistake is assuming people of different sects have the same idea of sharia.  How many people want to live according to biblical law? That also calls for gay peoples death.  The only thing that's correct is that religious people are moronic.
By whom? Afghan farmers?
>They'll sell you out the moment you disagree with anything that gets said.They fear you are killing their God and Chruch if you do that, that is the problem if you disagree, and they don't want to lose the support structure they get from their Church and members, which they highly value and most likely spent their entire life committed too.
I worked with a guy from Syria, he was super cool and had an awesome sense of humor. Met someone from Algeria the other day, super nice guy. Just ordinary people, our country is full of people from all over the world. Better get used to it, and go say hi to them. 
Christianity has historically been used to justify quite a lot of horrendous shit. Even now it's also used to justify quite a lot of horrendous shit. It's almost like theocracy in any form is terrible.Also, Old Testament had quite a lot of fucked up shit. The entire story of Jakob. The story of Job, etc.
Don't hurt your back moving those goalposts. 
So, would you say that the bible has more or fewer violent and/or violence inciting / justifying passages than the quran?
I don't hate anyone. Do you really think all Muslims are violent? 
[deleted]
There are at current, 190 active groups of the KKK operating today. Do you think all Muslims are totally cool with ISIS? This is a legit question, how many Muslim neighborhoods have you visited? They're good people. Guy I work with, he's from Iraq. I gave him fish, as I had way more than I could eat. He prepared it, and brought me a full meal at lunch the next day.Meanwhile, Jackie, the bitch who keeps stealing your yogurt out of the office fridge, KNOWS there's only one real god.
Enough for what? To condemn all Muslims? No. Categorically not. You don't apply the same standard to right-wing terror attacks, Christian terror attacks or pro-life terror attacks. For goodness sake, if you're talking about the West, the Troubles claimed almost 4,000 lives - that would be Catholic and Protestant paramilitaries (paramilitary is what terrorist groups are called if they're white and Christian).
Look up planned parenthood shootings Look at okcStop doing this 
Serious question, do you think foreign leaders from say, The Middle East, would be impressed by your president dancing in pink at a gay parade waving rainbow flags? What an embarrassment. 
Hey bud, believe it or not, but not all homosexuals are offended by the word faggy
So you're saying every citizen should carry a gun and shoot anyone who they think is an active Muslim terrorist on site? 
Don't act all intellectual now, please, cause you aint one. Won't look up shit cause hyperbole in this case and of that kind is meaningless in the context. Whatever, got a whole lot of high fives to give out it seems
Jesus Christ, the wikipedia list includes violence in third world countries in which clans that are Christian are pitted against different ones, as well as sporadic acts from 30 years ago. If you were to ask the average Christian to denounce the sacking of villages in Africa, of course they would. The same cannot be said for muslims. It is apple and oranges compared to the systematic violence and support for violence across all boards of Muslims in all countries, ***you cannot deny this***. If you look at the comment history, my original point was that there is routine violence within the Muslim community.
Im sorry, has there been some survey that show the consensus Trump supporters have about the Quabec shooting?
No, I asked for a proof that a significant portion of republicans wanted to punish homosexuals, and you gave me a stat that 30% of ***one*** candidate's followers in ***one*** state where not in favor of homosexual immigration. Not being inclusive isnt a punishment. Getting killed or thrown in jail is a punishment.>Bible calls for deathThere are no Christians actively searching out and killing homosexuals. >durrrr theres a bunch of interpretations!!!https://static.independent.co.uk/s3fs-public/thumbnails/image/2014/02/25/15/Homosexuality-Illegal-map.jpgWow. Look at that. The places where Islam is prevalent. They even conveniently leave out Turkey too. You're wrong. Islam is the worst religion on the planet.
* Military Muslim faction A wants to take land, resources, and soldiers from Muslim faction B* Realize they have no chance to win* Bomb USA and blame it on Faction BOh wow, a totally possible scenario that took 10 seconds to come up with
Islam isn't just used to justify horrible shit, Islam demands horrible shit be done.
What goalposts? I asked a question, your link contained the answer, then I compared it to the answer for Islam to make a point. 
I'd say it has more anti-violence/peace passages then the quran.
We'll never know the true reason for the attack to be honest. Seems bigoted to call it Islamic terrorist attacks.
He's a white supremacist troll. 
>Do you think all Muslims are totally cool with ISIS? This is a legit question, how many Muslim neighborhoods have you visited? They're good people. More Muslims are good with ISIS than Christians are good with the KKK. ISIS is worse than the KKK.Not all Muslims are bad. Not all Christians are good. Not all Muslims are good. Not all Christians are bad. Look at studies.
> paramilitary is what terrorist groups are called if they're white and Christian)Nice, I bet your twitter followers would like this joke. You're totally woke, dude. Besides, the fact that, you know, terrorists are one thing and paramilitaries are another and while they can overlap paramilitaries do actually have their own definition. >condemn all MuslimsWell, not quite. But my question would be: where do you think the famed 1.6 billion Muslims live? Because most people that are overly naive about Islam tend to think all Muslims are like those they meet in their hipster neighborhoods in First World Countries but that's extremely small percentage of an already small percentage of Muslims that live in west. Most Muslims live in countries like Iran, Saudi Arabia, Indonesia, Maleysia (where saying Allah is illegal for non-Muslims), Afghanistan, Syria and Iraq and so on. Countries with pretty terrible record on human rights, women's rights, gay and trans rights and so on. Of course, the next delusion is blaming it on the government and only on the government. Yes, those governments aren't exactly amazing and do commit abuses or crimes but the fabric of extremely conservative religious society isn't made up by the government it's made up by the people and Muslims worldwide are, by western standards, extremely conservative with quite negative views on women, gays, secularism and liberalism. It was plainly on display during the Arab Spring where the people overthrew secular dictatorships only to establish conservative Islamist theocracies in their stead. So does that mean that all Muslims are guilty? Well, no, no one is guilty until they do something bad and I don't believe in collective guilt, inherited guilt or guilt by association (all of which modern left seems to believe in, btw) but it does mean that 1) Islam itself has a gigantic problem of being quite literally stuck in the Middle Ages since, unlike Christianity, it was never reformed and it was never seriously fought against and 2) Muslims, as a whole, yes, the entire famed 1.6 billion are much much further on the right globally than the Christians are and they, if anything seem to be regressing even further back. 
Oklahoma bombing was not a 'christian terrorist' attack.  It was a anti FBI attack. Like I said abortion clinic shootings or planned parrenthood shooting are not that common and account for maybe 10 deaths over 10 years. 
Weren't you just complaining about Middle Easterners throwing homosexuals off roofs, /u/youmustwait9mins? It's pretty clear you only care about gays when you can use them to support your agenda, isn't it?
Well, if you want to be the next Alexandre Bissonnette, there won't be any parades for you...
Really? All Muslims in all countries support or participate in systemic violence?
well i did not see a lot of denouncing it in the donald and hell the head of that cult, Donald Trump himself has not come out against it.
Christianity is second!
Where's the invasion part? When has this scenario actually played out? And what's your solution?
'I meant 'did you receive the reports'. Autocorrect, ammirite?'
Did he help?
> *A judge ordered him held in the Snohomish County Jail in lieu of $1million bail...*But hey! The wife has a 1 mil life policy. Find somebody he meets in jail... who knows somebody else in jail... who knows somebody on the outside... to off the wife (ProTip: do not use a medium that keeps a permanent record of convos) and, Bob's Your Uncle, You've Got Bail!!
Good grief, you never use text to talk about a crime. What a noob. 
He meant kill with kindness for Valentine's Day
It seems that life insurance attracts evil greed as the family will earn with your death. 
In all fairness, he is an idiot. Why would you leave a paper trail of something like that.
[Do you do poison?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EEyUeCyXl1Q)
Just text ...in bed afterwards.  Seems like an easy solution.
*kiss. Damn autocorrect lol. I'm still a lousy kisser. 
This whole thing is a big misunderstanding. They're obviously swingers. Autocorrect changed drill to kill.
his wife sent the texts
Maybe he meant help me fill my wife. Poor guy was just setting up a threesome. 
I hate it when autocorrect changes kiss to kill. Happens all the time to me.But then, maybe that's why it may be wisest to reserve telephones for... telephone calls - rather than constructing murder-for-hire plots.Radical idea, I know. Maybe unthinkable to some.
Maybe it was supposed to be help me bill my wife.  She owed him some money and he couldn't figure out how to fill out the invoice.
Yeah, he helped a lot. He help his former employee's wife, and his daughter. He also helped the police.
I read the You've got bail! with the AOL mail voice.  Now I'm having dialup modem noise flashbacks.
You create a fresh email account, share the email name and password with the assassin you've hired so he can also log into it, and then communicate by writing up draft emails that you never send and just delete after the other person has read it. Only ever log into the account using your browser's incognito mode and preferably through some sort of proxy.Or at least... that's... uhhh... that's how I would do it. 
Got it, only using emoji to hire hitmen from now on
He already admitted that he wrote it, but blamed his daughter for sending the draft to his boss.
Good man.
Cheaters take note 
You would be screwed pretty quickly, interestingly enough. At least, if there was any suspicion on you.Drafts are one of the least protected forms of online communication. They need a warrant to access anything under 180 ^(?) days old *except* for drafts. So the authorities could simply ask your email provider to access your drafts and they'd have you. Apparently terrorists tried (and failed) to use this method.Best to stick with person to person communication with the usual precautions. Or don't be a scrub and just have a guy that handles that shit for you on the payroll so you're never implicated. 
The police don't know the email. How would they know it? You create a fresh email account and only ever share it with the assassin. Are you thinking I'm using my work email to do this? You think I'm in the little leagues here!? Uhh... wait... I mean... it wouldn't be too smart to use an email account that people other than the assassin and you know about... 
I really wish the gov't didn't take that stand. When a local official starts abusing people even under their own laws and someone stands up and says no, it shoudn't be disharmony... it should be the gov't squishing the local official who is abusing people.
Why does Trump copy China when he says he is against them?
Chinese lawyers = thugs 
Liberals love China, especially for this.
The only people who support China's Communist are far left idiots.   
Really low enegy comment.
What? Where did you get that idea?
I don't think China's Communist is really what's being discussed here.
well, he's a Trump troll, and purchased vitriol is about as impotent as the rest of them...
[removed]
Anita Dunn
So who runs the State?  In is not the common people, or Taiwan.    
How often are mandatory abortions? When was the last time government quartered troops in your house without compensation ir authorization? I think you are projecting with conservatives outlawing shit like abortions, gay marriage, telling people where to take a shit and that this is a christian nation. All while saying if you don't like it, get outof MY country?
Given the nature of the offences he should qualify for at least a beheading in Saudi Arabia.
Everyone knows Saudis are allowed to have sex with little girls. They are only following in the steps of their Prophet. How dare we object to him emulating the best of men.
if he won't get executed anyway, it's okay to deport his ass out otherwise the country will still pay for his stay in prison
Surly they would send him back if asked. 
Islam is nothing more but shit religion created to subjugate women and girls from an early age. It brainwashes girl into being subservient. The saudis are literally useless at everything. They know nothing, produce nothing, discover nothing. They are obsolete and useless. 
Very sad stuff, I felt my blood pressure rise while reading the article. This is how anti-government extremism is born.
LOL [apparently you don't know much about Saudi culture](http://www.wnd.com/2015/01/saudi-religious-leader-oks-rape-of-children/).
> *[I]f he won't get executed anyway, it's okay to deport his ass out otherwise the country will still pay for his stay in prison[.]*I'd like to deport those presumably born, raised, and educated in a civilized country, yet choose to write like an ****** who is unaware of the conventions of writing that EVERYone else has been following since the **9th** century - conventions ***s*** demanded of ***s*** as those conventions made ****** faster, easier, and with greater comprehension.Where're you from, boy - Yemen or some place?But to your point: while yes, citizens are relieved of having to pay for his incarceration, but contrasting that with the fact that he is now allowed to live a life free of the sight of grey bars, confining walls, and prison guards telling him what he may and may not do in every waking moment, is a consolation that borders on the obscene.But I suspect that is a concept too small for your tiny head.
Christ, they are the Jimmy Savile of international child protection.
Girls as young as 12 get married legally in the US too. [Source](http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/americas/child-marriage-chart-reveals-girls-can-still-get-married-at-12-in-some-parts-of-the-us-as-lawmakers-a6921246.html)
More the gilles de rais of child protection. 
A construction vehicle digging a hole punctured the pipeline.http://www.kxii.com/content/news/BREAKING-Ruptured-pipeline-near-Blue-Ridge-spews-oil--412209343.html
So they fuck up their own pipes by accident and that raises the prices for the consumers. 
There used to be a great chicken fried steak place on the square in Blue Ridge.
Sure I can. But you can google right? You also will believe it more if you find it yourself.  Try it instead of simply discounting everything. 
Saudis: Oil prices are way down. Be a shame if something 'happened' to a bunch of our oil pipelines.
Call Drumpf and cancel all the pipelines you fools this is what happens!
On one hand oil is bad, on the other without oil billions would starve and civilization would collapse.    Hmmmm choices choices
Here's what they want you to believe.. http://countercurrentnews.com/2017/02/texas-pipeline-spills-600000-gallons-of-oil-one-week-before-dapl-is-approved/
Apparently, human error. And the far left media is reporting massive spillage. But that's not the truth. edit: added punctuation to make sense. 
There is so many things wrong with this that you can hardly blame the pipeline for this.1. They are required to one-call or pre-screen for pipelines before digging.2. Lines need to be daylighted before any excavation with machinery can occur.3. Machinery should not come within about 2 feet of the pipe.
That's the city's slogan: Come for the fried steak, leave for the oil spills.
Let's be honest, the people who have already made up their mind don't really matter. They'll be latched on to the next story that gives them a hate-boner in no time.
And here's the source for that article:http://ketr.org/post/updated-cleanup-continues-questions-remain-collin-county-oil-spill-siteHere's another confirming the numbers:http://www.dallasnews.com/business/energy/2017/01/31/accident-rural-collin-county-pushed-oil-prices-slightly-today
What what do the rest have to say?
How is 600,000 gallons not massive?
Reuters is left wing?   
them dadgum LIBRULMEDIA types!
You're right. Just gotta keep trying though. Too much hate, bigotry and boners. 
The fact that they converted it to gallons tells you that they are trying to exagerate the magnitude of the spill. Barrels is the industry standard. 
It wasn't 600k gallons. It's being spun. 
Nope. It's hard to post things chronologically here with links to get point across. Reuters reported accurately. The other link I posted is left leaning and reported exaggerated amounts. 
Just want things to be accurate and objective. I don't need to be fed what to think. 
They convert it to gallons to make it easier for the average reader to understand the volume of the spill.  Everyone in the US knows what a gallon of liquid looks like, but not everyone knows what a barrel of liquid looks like.
Alright, prove it's being spun. 
15,000 barrels of oil equates to 630,000 gallons
Very few people know what hundreds of thousands of gallons looks like. If they were really interested in using a figure people could easily visualize they would have just said the volume was about 1 Olympic pool's worth, something most readers have seen and can easily visualize in scale. They chose gallons because it gave the largest, most dramatic figure. 
Right. Nobody can visualize what an oil drum looks like despite the fact that see one at least once a week. 
[deleted]
I doubt most people see them on a weekly basis.  Oil drums aren't converted to trash cans as much as they use to be back in the day.   I haven't seen one since the 90s in my part of Texas.
So, you can't prove it. Gotcha.
>Moore is best known for his actions at the Battle of Ia Drang where he served as a Lieutenant Colonel in command of the 1st Battalion, 7th Cavalry Regiment. Moore's Battalion was heavily outnumbered and surrounded by North Vietnamese forces during the week-long battle.The battle was the focus of the book *We Were Soldiers Once And Young* and the Mel Gibson movie, We Were Soldiers. Gibson played Moore.
Broken Arrow.........Broken Arrowgreat movie, good man
Damn. He was a tough SOB.
This says already submitted but no older submissions exist. What gives???
CHARLIE MIKE in heaven, General
what a great life. He did pretty good.
He was a soldier once, and young. 
that was gibson?
I still dont get why that one woman didnt know about racial segregation in a laundromat. Has she been living under a rock the whole time? Im pretty sure as she grew up in america at the time period, other places also had whites only signs. Did that not click to her with the laundromat? Who wrote that part?
It was removed and restored, but the flair remains for some reason.
Keep in mind that in Israel, the Prime Minister, unlike any regular minister, doesn't have to quit even if he is indicted. He would only have to quit if he would be convicted, and the trial would most likely take years.Edit: Since this is the top comment, I'll add here what I answered in response to questions in other comments:Netanyahu is charged with receiving personal gifts from billionaires. Cigars for himself, and expensive Jewelry for his wife. They weren't that substantial, but on principal he shouldn't have accepted personal gifts while PM. According to the law in Israel, the PM isn't allowed to keep any gifts he received, but there is a loophole that states that the PM can accept gifts from personal friends, that are given to him personally and not as part of his duties as the PM.Netanyahu claims those billionaires are his personal friends and those were personal gifts. The police is apparently not buying it.Thing is, Netanyahu is quite wealthy himself, and the police apparently couldn't prove that Netanyahu actually gave any favors in return for the gifts. It's therefore possible that the case might end up just as a minor ethics violation, instead of a full blown corruption charge.
Can't wait to see how this plays out.
Does anyone have more information on the nature of the bribes/gifts in question?
I really hope the whole holding people accountable for corruption thing is contagious, and that it finds its way across the pond. It doesn't seem to be a priority in the US at the moment.
If 2017 manages to successfully convict both Netanyahu and a senior person in the Trump team, then it will have made 2016 worth it. I believe in you 2017.
Israel doesn't fuck around when it comes to prosecuting politicians. They have sent former presidents (e.g., Moshe Katsav) and Prime Ministers (e.g., Ehud Olmert) to prison. Fuck Bibi.
Good. Fuck that guy. As long as he has any kind of power, there's no chance for Palestinians.You either acknowledge the fundamental rights of human beings or you don't - there is no middle ground. This guy just plain doesn't. 
Good, they need a leadership change big time.
Jew here, criticism of the Israeli government and it's officials is not antisemitism. I see this accusation thrown around a lot, and while criticisms of Israel can be born from antisemitic ideas, that is often not the case. 
A head of state to be indicted for receiving illegal gifts? That'd never happen in America.
That escalated slowly. 
My Israeli friends are thrilled by this. A lot of Israelis love him but most young people aren't too keen on his leadership. 
He is an utterly rotten and despicable human being, this would be so fitting
If he is removed from office, thank God. He has set back Israeli-Arab relations by YEARS with his aggressive policies.
He's been doing a pretty great job of driving Israel's public image into the ground.
All I want is to be able to say Buh bye bibiAnd for Israel to come up with a foreign policy that isn't kicking hornets nests and using the excuse that the hornets stung them to put a torch to the whole building the nest is attached to.
*very Dave Chapelle crack addict voice* Y'all got any more of those investigators who don't look away at executive level government corruption?
I hope so, the man is such a scumbag
Why can't someone arrest and try him for his crimes against humanity in Gaza?  What a monster. 
Good, Netanyahu is scum
This news can only go over well on reddit.Come back in 2 hours and sort by controversial if you want to hate humanity 
Let it go Lynn, you're never going to meet him.
I'm getting my popcorn ready now. 
I'm going to deny everything in the lowest voice I can manage and then everyone will believe me 
Nothing will come of this because it's either nonsense or they won't be able to prove any willful wrongdoing. 
YESSSSSS!  Put this man behind bars!
I hope the domino effect happens...
Scumbag is a scumbag. This is my shocked face.
In the top picture from the article... omg do those 4 gentlemen look imposing or what!
Ill never forget how hard he worked to undermine Obama. Fuck him.
I'm sure he's innocent.  How could the leader of God's Chosen People possibly be corrupt?  And favors?  Well of course the leader of God's chosen country would be awash in favors by those who only wish to serve God.  Like the arms industries.  And of course God's chosen fuel for mankind, oil.
Abbas, the PLO gangster, took billions of dollars from Palestinians, EU and left wingers.  Hmmmm.  
Good, bibi needs to go.
Wow, and hear in New Zealand we have state media hit pieces bragging how our (now ex) prime minister John key is clearly such a great guy because look at all the gifts be gets given and look how so and so gets nothing. 
But the bomb is gonna happen any day now, right benny?  Fucking war monger.
yeah, but they're only doing that because they're anti-semetic
Silly plebs, laws are for regular people
I'm positive that nothing will happen.
any israeli redditors that can tell us what political situation would come after his impeachment?
Remember, this is the man the GOP gave a standing ovation for several minutes when he visited and spoke to the Senate a few years ago. They showed this man more respect then Obama.
I have to wonder if this might be the reason the Obama Administration seemed to be unwilling to work with Netanyahu towards the end of Obama's term.  Having a close relationship with someone who is potentially going to be indicted for corruption wouldn't exactly be a good move politically.  This also makes me wonder what Trump is going to say.
Am I the only one who thought of I'm Alan Partridge?
If they can't convict him for mass murder, and ethnic cleansing, they won't get him on this either. 
How long before we hear Netanyahu jump on the fake news train?
I'll be so happy when I read a headline like this about Trump and his ENTIRE cabinet!
Once when on Spotify, The Police recommended The Fixx and Blondie. Not sure how this ties into Ben.  This got all political and Israeli. 
I heard he was grabbin them by the pussy too. I'll shut up I'm just trollin.
I love how the top comment turned from the original story about the PM of Israel to Justin Trudeau taking what amounts to bribery as well. Not that I really care about what JT did, just funny
Lest we forget this is the same asshole who during a CNN interview of his home claimed his servants quarters where his home. I believe his also dismissed rumors he had servants. That's sleezy and very revealing filth.
Good riddance, asshole.
All politicians are corrupt. 
You can only ride the high horse for so long.
Damn, this is getting good. Corruption scandals unfolding all over the world. 
Good, fuck that war mongering son of a bitch 
Wait, accepting bribes isn't okay in Israel? Shoot, he needs to come over to the USA. When politicians over here accept besides, we promote them.
Nothing will come of this.  Any bets?
Dude is a warmongering pos anyways. Wouldn't be the first time he took gifts, like the billions of dollars from the US which he had the nerve to denounce us despite getting. 
Tfw corruption is a bigger crime than mass murder
this is huge, if it plays out 
Remember, conservatives love this guy! Wanted him to be our president over Obama. This is the guys that they love. Corrupt politicians. No wonder they voted for trump.
Thank goodness they got him. I mean, next thing you know he would have started trying to intimidate court officials, trying to lie to the press, hell, even trying to endorse his family businesses from his position of authority. 
Regardless of anything actually happening. Netenyahu is kind of an asshole
You're always going on about Benjamin Netanyahu. Let it go Lynn, you're never going to meet him
Stop going on about Benjamin Netanyahu, you're never gonna meet him.  
And yet Soros keeps plowing forward 
noo..bibi y u do dis?i can't believe uve done dis.
Always knew that guy was a piece of shit 
Oh boy. We already have an ex prime minister in prison for taking bribes, and an ex president in prison for rape. Three's the charm, I guess.
If the ~~bribes~~ favors were not flowing before, they certainly will be now.
I'm no expert on Israeli law, but why would any minister have to quit on only an indictment?  Shouldn't it be when convicted only?
So... innocent until proven guilty? What a backward country...
It's actually a good policy. If all that was needed were charges then it would actually make things more corrupt. 
Indicted because he was given cigars. Meanwhile Trump was possibly given 19% of a $90B/yr oil business by one of our longest adversaries. Can we please go back to the reality where this shit matters and cigars are considered an impeachable offense.
That's silly. Receiving cigars and jewelry? America would literally of had to of impeached every president ever. 
Well, I am definitely not a fan of Netanyahu (I think his policies toward Palestinians are horrible), but he has a net worth of NIS 41 million ($11 million). I really don't think so that he could not afford any kind of cigars or jewelry...  http://www.timesofisrael.com/jerusalem-mayor-is-israels-richest-politician/
Did he fracture any bird laws? 
You're talking about shit 45 does every damn day.
Yeah it's kind of rubbish in my opinion. The man is wealthy, you're going to need to give him more than cigars to get him to risk corruption charges by providing favours in return. 
wealthy people give nice gifts to each other all the time. 
Honestly this time I give him the benefit of the doubt cause those are small tings for a guy like him. If it was suddenly a yacht then yeah, but cigars and some jewelry? Unless the jewelry was valued in the millions I don't see why he would jeopardize anything over small things. 
I'm worried that it might be one of those situations where people's hopes are raised, but then nothing happens, because nothing ever happens.
Politics can be fairly explosive in Israel.
This year, I think I'm going to be going through so much popcorn, due to all the drama in the news.
nothing will come out of it, i bet. sort of like what happened withhttp://thechronicleherald.ca/canada/86493-chretien-proud-to-show-his-gifts.
Or may be it's a distraction from something important going on in the background.
He has a scandal every other month, nothing happens. People still vote for him.
Another illegal settlement?
The most likely result is that good old Benyahu won't be re-elected even if found innocent 
Wild guess....  Nothing happens. 
Great comment 
But wtf does likely to recommend mean?
He was receiving personal gifts from billionaires. Cigars for himself, and expensive Jewelry for his wife. They weren't that substantial, but on principal he shouldn't have accepted personal gifts while PM.
I wonder how many of them are cronies profiting from the illegal settlements in the West Bank? 
Do you want the truth or do you want me to make it up? 
Well, Israel's former Prime Minister Olmert is currently in prison for corruption. There have also been several Israeli ministers who ended up in prison, as well as a President.Israel has taken corruption among it's political elite very seriously for a long time. This is nothing new.
4 out of Illinois's last 7 governors are in prison for various charges of corruption, so I don't know whether that tells more about our ability to crack down on corruption or the fact that so many corrupt officials are elected in the first place.
I know you mean trump (maybe), but in reality, politics world wide is rotten to the core, there are some genuinely positive things done for the people, but in reality, business is boss. If you look at politics from the aspect of who profits. It becomes a little more transparent. Someone always wins. Might take a while to become obvious. 
Illinois would like a word with you 
Israel has always been very good about this. People over there don't seem to play partisan politics over corruption.
We've been living under oligarchy for the last 2 decades. Why has it suddenly become an issue?
It would be great to see The Clinton Foundation and that family as a whole held to the same standards that Joe Citizen is held! Probably won't ever happen though...
Im sure people in the US would love to go after corruption in govermnent, but 99.99% of us dont know how to fight it. We also dont have a lot of solid evidence most of the time.
It is up to both the FBI and the media to hold Trump and his team accountable for corruption.Watergate was largely investigated by the media, and the media's investigations are likely the only reason why legal organizations had to prosecute. 
It really depends who's in charge of enforcing accountability. I, sure as shit, will not be advocating for the kleptocratic kakistocracy or their pawns to do it. I believe the only meaningful way to revoke support and authority is by doing simply that: to personally display and promote mindful, intentional withdrawl from participation and dependency upon those who claim the ability to author the rights of others.Do not participate. Do not fight them.Mother Theresa once said, I would never attend an anti-war protest, but I will always attend a pro-peace protest.Do not bring awareness to anything beyond that which you want to see more of. You'd think the Dems would have learned this after their terrible branding decision of the Love Trumps Hate slogan -- they simply ended up bringing more attention to the opposition, while at the same time inadvertently proclaiming that *they love hate.* Build the better solution. Sidestep the problem.**Make them irrelevant.**
I dont know what you are talking about, the Chair of the House Oversight committee still has at least 2 years worth of investigations queued up and ready to go as soon as Clinton becomes president.  Oh wait...
>a senior person in the Trump teamLike Trump?
The fact that your just hoping for a senior person in the Trump team to be convicted of any crime shows how tribalism is alive and well nowadays.
Why do you guys *want* them to be guilty?
You bash Trump and his administration for attempting to enforce long held immigration laws. What about charging Hillary Clinton? The hypocrisy is disgusting. 
100% guarantee you dislike Netanyahu for no good reason. In reality he's one of the few great world leaders of the past decade. 
Good for them.Shouldn't be surprising, Jews love their principles.
As long as Palestine is controlled by Hamas, they do not deserve to be recognized as a nation.
Why do you think they need a change in leadership? 
I don't see it thrown around very much. I see people saying that it's NOT necessarily anti Semitic to criticize Israel (and of course that's right). I see people saying that it gets thrown around a lot, but I don't really see it happen very much, except maybe from truly nutty people. 
Because the majority of the political establishment all belongs to the same party?
And certainly not in Illinois.
Masterfully stated. Though I might add that it's not just any old building, it's an orphan hospital. 
You mean Tyrone Biggums 
They shouls probably disband Hamas for crimes against Gaza while they're at it, as well
Here now. It's as you said.
I read this then sorted by controversial and your comment was second. 
What, you want all Israelis indicted?
Impeachment? Nothing. He would need to resign if convicted.
Not sure why folks downvoting an objective fact
Fake news!
He was indicted for receiving cigars and jewelry. The guy is a mullti-millionare. I highly doubt US intelligence would have even blinked at this.
You're always going on about Benjamin Netanyahu 
Nah, could be like Capone. Easier to nail someone for the small stuff than the big stuff.
All politicians, on all sides, only care about themselves. If anyone thinks hillary, or sanders, or trump, or corbyn, or may, or any 'leaders' around the world give two shits or a fuck about them then they are delusional. Notice how governments never shrink? How wages are never reduced or frozen, how the perks never stop? 
Doubt it. He would be under a microscope now. It would be too dangerous to bribe him.
That's just shekel down economics in action.
Exactly, US presidents don't have to resign when they're impeached either
How would it make things more corrupt?
Congress is only one who can begin an impeachment process, they just choose not to. 
Oh my god you have slaughtered the of.
Now where did you get the idea that the elite don't get punished?Boy, aren't you going to be embarrassed when he totally gets a fitting punishment and the people with crucial info don't disappear.
In Israel, that isn't true. The previous prime minister is currently in jail.
/r/nothingeverhappens
That is something. That false hope keeps you in line just long enough for the next false hope to do the same.40 years later... modern america.
Exactly how I feel watching Trump and squad.
That's because Israel is surrounded by explosive peoples. 
After 2 weeks of Trump I'm already all popcorned out.
Plot twist: The next big news item will be a crippling shortage of popcorn.
You may have a point. Anything you know about that they might be trying to distract us from?
That wouldn't be news, that's just another day in the West Bank
Yeah the US literally has a gift officer to deal with all the gifts the President gets.  Anything worth over a certain amount basically goes into storage. Edit: the State Department lists it all online back through 2002 though you should be able to request the records from previous years.  It's actually kind of funny to see the names that [pop up.](https://www.state.gov/s/cpr/c29447.htm)
It was one billionare, [Arnon Milchan](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Arnon_Milchan), a  movie producer and former spy who set him up.  He pretended to be Netanyahu's friend, pushing gifts at him while keeping the gifts' receipts, which he then produced to the police.      
So totally different from Clinton who got a million dollars for his birthday from the Qataris?
What types of kickbacks was he accused of giving in exchange?
So Westerners view of corrupt. People would be surprised how often this takes place. If you think that is corrupt take a look at South America, Asia, Africa, and the Middle East.
It's about a lot more corrupt behaviour than a few gifts.>The transcripts of Netanyahu's taped negotiations with his supposed arch-nemesis, media mogul Arnon Mozes of the Yediot Ahronot newspaper group, have dominated the national agenda in recent weeks. Netanyahu allegedly promised to promote legislation that would weaken Yediot's main competitor in exchange for more favorable coverage.>It follows previous allegations that Netanyahu improperly accepted lavish gifts from wealthy supporters  including Australian billionaire James Packer and Hollywood producer Arnon Milchan  and that his personal attorney, who is also a cousin, represented a German firm involved in a controversial $1.5 billion sale of submarines to Israel.>These follow previous repeated claims that his wife Sara misused state funds for personal use, compounding a public image of Israel's first family as detached hedonists corrupted by years in power.Don't underplay how bad his behaviour has been. You'll just create more anger.
This is news but no one cares about all the foreign money HRC got?
The problem is that as a consequence, many of these guys have no shame and very few repercussions even after being convicted and serving time. You'd think that going to jail would humble a person but it often doesn't.Like Arye Deri: He went to jail and bounced right back out and became a cabinet minister again.That being said, it is certainly admirable that Israel does, indeed, take real action - not just reprimands - against corrupt officials.
It's so absurd how many politicians simply can't help themselves. 
Exactly. And if Hillary won it would be the same shit but worse than Netanyahu - how would she explain $1 million for Bill's birthday? Power corrupts
> but I'm reality, business is boss.Hi Reality, I'm dad.
Is that supposed to be ironic?  From what the news is saying, the evidence here is the result of a long-term partisan setup.  This doesn't mean that he didn't accept the gifts; it just means that some of them may have been offered for the very purpose of getting him indicted.
Under what charges?
It could be anyone in Trump's team, they're all senior persons
Alternatively, the people on the Trump team seem to be very dangerous for the country and several of them also seem to be bad people. I'm not sure that's tribal.
watching US politics for the last decade shows how tribalism is alive and well nowadays.
Quit fooling yourself by acting like this is just politics as usual.  This is an attempted global fascist coup, don't you get it yet?  
I wonder what it feels like to judge someone as guilty in the court of public opinion 
> charging Hillary Clinton*with what!?* She was investigated for *32 months* and they found *nothing*!!
Could someone with more knowledge than me give some background on their roll in Palestine? 
The palestinians didn't just vote for a batshit crazy group for no reason
I somewhat agree with you, but Netanyahu certainly isn't helping matters.
It's not, just Gaza
Because Netanyahu is a right wing war hawk. I get the feeling your question isn't a sincere one.
Because Israel is a parliamentary state without a clear majority ruler, the rulers tend to be from coalition governments. As such, these ruling coalitions often include the far right wing Zionists, which gives them much more political influence than their percentage of the population should have, which pisses off the moderates. The US right has a similar problem with Evangelicals, who are an extreme minority as a group, but get catered to...which is why our VP is Mike Pence, because Trump alone probably couldn't have pulled those votes. 
Because Netanyahu makes George W. Bush look like Gandhi. 
Peace with the Palestinians will never happen under Netanyahu.
The main reason is that the peace process has essentially imploded under his stewardship. The continued government support for settlements in the occupied territories and the security barriers have made progress all but impossible. This is particularly tragic as, whilst Gaza is still a mess, a proper resolution with the West Bank is probably achievable.
Or california https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Leland_YeeOr probably a hundred other examples. The willful ignorance blows my mind. We do prosecute politicians when they break the law. But we should all just cry corruption to ignore the reality 
True. Arrest them too. 
Am Israeli, please don't indict me, I only take bribes in chocolate.
Wait are you implying all Israelis are responsible for his corruption?
The domino effect of holding leaders accountable for corruption 
having read on a bit I realize that this isn't about to blow up. I meant: who will step in if he is taken out? but as I said I've understood he probably isn't about to be taken out, so it doesnt really matter that much
There are people who take care of the people who watch the people who take care of the people.
trumped up shekeled down
No, but in Brazil's recent example, their president was initially suspended for up to six months while the impeachment trial occurred (Rousseff was later found guilty and removed from office). What powers Netanyahu retains while facing criminal charges is a fair question for people outside of Israel to ask. 
I had to look up the exact definition.> [From dictionary.com](http://www.dictionary.com/browse/impeach):> to accuse (a public official) before an appropriate tribunal of misconduct in office.Huh. Well, I guess I've misunderstood that word for all of my life. TIL, I guess.
Impeached != indicted.
My dad always encouraged me to challenge my history teachers with the assertion that Bill Clinton *was* indeed impeached. Most of the time, I'd get the I told you so in the end.
The requirements for bringing charges are far, far less than for conviction. If bringing charges caused direct removal from office, the politician would be more susceptible to blackmail/extortion.
The person below it answer this question well.Basically an official, or someone who controls the official, could level bogus charges and the leader would have to step down. They could even be very minor charges, but still politically based, and they would have to step down.Either way it would be too late. Imagine if you have an Elected Politician forced out just by having some charges brought against them? Then you run into the problem if you set the bar too high nothing gets brought against them.  
Israel to me seems like a great nation waiting to emerge if they could only get these fundamentalist Zionist war mongers out of the political powerhouse.
*exploding peoples
The correct term for them is People of Explosives
Switch to Pretzel bites with nacho cheese sauce for dipping.
After two weeks of tRUMP I've lost my appetite.
As they keep saying, normalizing is part of the process of authoritarian reform.
Me too. Now I have a pointy kernel lump blocking my colon 
Israel approves 9 billion settlements in West Bank 
How about the construction of the settlements which is opposed by the majority of nations from UN.
Same thing in Israel, but there is a loophole that states that the Prime Minister can accept gifts from personal friends, that are given to him personally and not as part of his duty as the PM.Netanyahu claims those billionaires are his personal friends and those were personal gifts. The police is apparently not buying it.
I wonder if Obama got to keep that copy of The Witcher 2
But if the US President's KIDS get a gift....that's a different story ;)Boy, Barron sure does go through alot of these cubans, Mr. President.!
TIL: Why Michelle Obama gave that face when the Trumps gave a gift before inauguration, it was her bitch, you couldn't have waited 3 hours face.
what if the president, let's say had a...hmmmm...yeah, an building in Manhattan or a golf resort in Florida, and lets say friends of his or foreign dignitaries, or government agencies paid him hundreds of thousands of dollars to stay there.  What then?
I would gladly store those gifts for free and save the government a lot of money. 
Found one from Netanyahu to Barack Obama:0.04 square millimeters engraved small chip with side-by-side texts of the United States and Israeli Declarations of Inde- pendence affixed to a 1  1 Jerusalem stone, all contained in display box with magnifying view piece. Recd3/20/2013. Est. Value$2,700.00. Disposi- tionNational Archives and Records Adminsitration.
And most of them go on display in the presidential library after their term
Weird question but can the president pick those gifts up after they serve their term?
Should go into storage. 
Does the president get the gift after his term that way it still gets to him just after he has lost his authority. 
Wait, so how is it different to accept something for it to go to storage as opposed to accepting and using it?
Are there exceptions for things like birthday gifts from mom and dad?
What do you mean by goes to storage? Do those gifts get lumped into a big presidential gifts over $x for a certain amount of time and then they are available to any president, or do they go into storage and are then given to the intended recipient after a certain amount of time, etc? I knew you couldn't just keep it right off the bat, but I never knew what happened after the fact. 
And lobbying is huge in USA. I'm amazed how people don't talk about that shit.
> Yeah the US literally has a gift officer to deal with all the gifts the President gets. Anything worth over a certain amount basically goes into storage.That actually sounds like a well thought out idea. I wonder if the president is aware of the value? Might defeat the purpose.
Damn the king of Saudi Arabia drops hundreds of thousands of dollars on the gifts. Bunch of rolexs. $50,000 sculptures !
Obama got some bad ass shit that would cause embarrassment to both parties, I wonder if he can go and collect it now that he's out of office. Some of those gifts are extremely thoughtful. The Ethiopia pic from 2006 with a sash sounds really cool. Sure he took photos with Merkel, Trudeau, Cameron, etc. but the Ethiopian picture sounds way more personal and cool.
Good luck telling Trump he can't play with his new toys. 
I love the ones that say Perishable items handled pursuant to UnitedStates Secret Service policy.Uhhhh yeah Mr. President these are highly perishable so we're going to 'dispose' of those 3 crates of fine wine for you.
Do they recieve their gifts when they are done serving?
Large   book   of   original   artwork,   photographs,  and  text  by  artist  Marilena  Ferrari,  with  a  Renais-sance-style stone carving cover. Gold-painted     box     containing     certificates   of   authenticity   for   accompanying    artwork.    Gold-    painted   box   containing   book-mark    and    magnifying    glass.    Gold-painted     box     containing     hand-written  full  version  of  the  Star  Spangled  Banner  in  cus-tom  ink  and  calligraphy.  Large  gold  leaf  painted  box  housing  all     items.     Recd7/10/2009.     Est.   Value$124,000.00.   Dis-positionNational  Archives  and  Records Administration.From Berlusconi, the most valuable gift I could find.King Abdullah of Saudi Arabia keeps popping up every year with a gift worth $20,000 or so.
In 2015, Obama got a $90k gold sword & a $523k jewel encrusted statue from Saudi. In 2014, Michelle got a $560k Diamond and emerald jewelry set & a $570k Diamond and pearl jewelry set from Saudi. There's plenty more expensive Saudi gifts constantly going to plenty of people in power; no wonder US politicians are slow to criticize the country that produced 15 of the 19 9/11ers.Something odd: George W Bush who was super chummy with the house of Saud as war raged in Iraq & Afghanistan, only lists small gifts worth $1000-2000 while Condi Rice & Colin Powell were receiving jewelry worth $80k. Dubious.
I would want to be President just to get all the presents. Also, TIL Abdulaziz really likes gifting to the Obamas.
>9.5  white and blue longboard with friendship flags and the Presidential Seal.From:>The Honorable Tony Abbott, MP, Prime Minister of Australia.Accepted because:>Non-acceptance would cause embarrassment to donor and U.S. Government. 
Consumables (12): bottles of Georgian dry red wine. RecdFebruary 25, 2004. Est. Value$144. Handled pursuantto Secret Service policy.What's the policy for 12 bottles of fine wine, boys?Non consumption would cause embarrassment to the donor and US government?
Perishable items handled pursuant to United States Secret Service policy.
lol damn that's some cold blooded shit. Et tu, Arnon?
Spy turned movie producer? That sounds like a movie!
So it's a set up / sting operation? 
That's shitty, but he still shouldn't have accepted anything outside whatever limits. 
They gave a million to charity for him. 
They didn't find any specific kickbacks they could pin on him, as far as I know. That's apparently the main issue the police are having with the investigation.
no, not surprised. also that corruption is basically a tax in those regions 
They have no shame about it because they know that their constituents dont care and will reelect them once they serve their time, which is what happened with Deri. The right wing in Israel sees those investigations as political attacks on their side, never mind the fact that some of the politicians in prison are left wingers, like Olmert.In Netanyahu's case he wont even have to quit if he is indicted, only if he is convicted, and the trial will most likely take years. He is most likely not going away any time soon, although if he is actually guilty, he will end up in prison eventually.
sounds like they need tougher prisons
It's less that power corrupts and more that power is magnetic to the corruptible. - Frank Herbert
Weak dad.. I expected a funnier joke than that. 
Emoluments clause is one pathway. Treason is another if anything new on Russia comes to light. And this is Trump; one of his executive orders is *already* probably unconstitutional.
Let's start with the Logan Act
Excessive shitbaggery. Pretty sure that's a law, right?
Also who is a bad person and how are they bad? No, being a millionaire does not make someone a bad person.
I don't think you know what fascism is, my friend.
 In 2006 Israel gave up Gaza thinking the Palestinian Authority would take charge there. They evacuated every single Jew from the area. Gaza held an election and Hamas won. The PA tried to fight for control of Gaza but lost. Now the PA controls the West Bank and Hamas controls Gaza. Israel is refusing to give up control of the West Bank to the Palestinians because they believe Hamas will simply fight the PA and take control there as well. Since Hamas likes to fire rockets at Israel to provoke them into war, controlling the West Bank would let them fire rockets at any city in Israel. That is why peace negotiations are going nowhere as long as Hamas controls Gaza. 
ELI5 version. Hamas is a Palestinian terrorist organization. They were responsible for hundreds of suicide bombings against Israel in the early 2000s. After that they were responsible for many rocket attacks and stabbings against Israeli civilians. Much of the world recognizes them as a terrorist organization.  Their charter actually states that their primary goal is to wipe Israel off the face of the map and replace it with an Islamic state.Palestinians in Gaza elected them to lead their government. So obviously, Israel is like fuck that noise. Pretty much as long as Hamas is in office, Israel views those parts of Palestine as a terrorist state. And in fact, the PLO who Israel was more cool with recently formed a unity government with Hamas, so the rest of Palestine falls into that same boat. So Israel won't really agree to any negotiations.
It was sincere and thank you for giving the only sincere response so far
I think you have your definition of Zionist backwards. Every Jewish majority political party is saying that it is Zionistic, simply because in Israel this term means supports Jewish (as a nation,not religiously) state. So left wing parties are also describing themselves as zionistic parties, the major left joint party even called itself the zionistic wing (was roughly named labour in Hebrew before)  
> Because Israel is a parliamentary state without a clear majority ruler, the rulers tend to be from coalition governments. As such, these ruling coalitions often include the far right wing Zionists, which gives them much more political influence than their percentage of the population should have, which pisses off the moderates. The alternative would be for the moderate right to form a coalition with the moderate left but for some reason that rarely seems to happen. Likud is in a coalition with these extremists by choice not because it is forced to and there is no excuse for it.
Except more people died in the Iraq war than all of the Israeli Arab wars combined since 1948.
Peace with Palestinians will never happen with the current Palestinian leadership either, in 2008 Olmet offered Abbas 99% of the West Bank, UN oversight in Jerusalem, a safe corridor to the Gaza Strip and full Israeli withdrawal from the Jordan Valley, but it was rejected because Abbas thought he could get a better deal with Bush's successor in the White House
I think Hamas is a bigger issue...
> This is particularly tragic as, whilst Gaza is still a mess, a proper resolution with the West Bank is probably achievable.Netanyahu has stopped settlements in the past, and he built fewer per year than his predecessors. He has been calling for negotiations anytime anywhere for years. It is the Palestinians that refuse. He invited Abbas to speak to the Knesset, he refused. The Palestinians will never accept any peace agreement and that's not Netanyahu's fault. During the last negotiations, not many people seem to know this, but Israel literally released over 100 convicted terrorists just to get the Palestinians to come to negotiations, and was offering to release 400 more for the negotiations to continue but Abbas went and formed a unity government with Hamas instead. Peace cannot be made with Hamas, and if Abbas is willing to unify with Hamas then any peace deal made with him is not worth anything. The Palestinians will get extraordinary concessions out of Israel, then go back to fighting to destroy Israel as soon as they feel like it. Israel should not have to make such great offers just for negotiations. The convicted terrorists should not be considered heroes by the Palestinians. It's such a shame how the media presents Israel as the one responsible for the lack of peace.
Lies. Israelis can be easily bribed with falafel.
I only carry Baklava, will that do?
So if we indict you we get free chocolate?
Really! You don't say!
But who takes care of the people who take care of the people who watch the people who take care of the people?
Man, the the pun israel. 
...thats the way we like to fuck
That makes sense.
Basically an impeachment means we the congress think youre guilty of such and such, it doesnt mean hey you go to jail now
It's pretty much the political equivalent. An impeachment is nothing more than a formal accusation of a governmental official breaking the law or committing some crime. They are then tried on this accusation. 
Not exactly sure what symbol you were attempting to make (I assume does not equal), but an impeachment is effectively an indictment. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ImpeachmentFor example, President Bill Clinton was impeached in 1998, but was acquitted by the US Senate. 
Indicted != convicted
> Impeached = indicted.FTFY.  Impeached actually does equal indicted...the two are fucking synonyms.
I'm jewish, I desperately want to be proud of Israel, and while I still support Israel as a state and it's existence, I'm tired of watching them continually act both against their own best interests and consistently mistreat their own arab citizens. It's sickening, and Netanyahu's hard right coalition is the center of it. 
Zionist is not a dirty word, regardless of how bad people want it to be. And Israel is already a great nation, dealing with a uniquely difficult situation in admittedly flawed waysthough nowhere near as flawed as is often believed. The world holds Israel to a far higher standard than its neighboring countries precisely because it recognizes the developed and modern nature of the nation. As an Israeli I am immensely proud of Israel's ability to thrive in an atmosphere of hatred and terror often perpetuated by the very governments of the countries that surround it. Yes, there is a lot of work to be done moving ahead, but the outright demonization of Israel we tend to see (e.g. labeling it as an apartheid country) comes from ignorance and bias.Although this doesn't excuse the faults of Israel, do remember that most criticisms of the country are easily matched and outdone by the governments of today's great nations.
> Israel to me seems like a great nation waiting to emerge if they could only get these fundamentalist Zionist war mongers out of the political powerhouse.Yes, because the Palestinians are totally without blame in the entire course of events.
Seriously. If they could get Netanyahu to stop using the holocaust as some appeal to emotion bullshit to instigate shit with Iran, and labeling everybody as antisemitic who disagrees with Isreal's treament of palestinians I'd be 100% be cool with Israel and the world* would be a lot more accepting too. Side note: Israel seems to produce a lot of gorgeous women so that's one reason why ya'll need to stay. 
Actually we prefer the term People of Chemically Challenged Stability
This guy snacks.
Legit pretzel bites like big and soft ones, no time for those crappy crunchy things
> nacho cheese sauceYou can get cheese sauce? What? Is this an American thing?
Oh thanks, man. Now I'm hungry 
That's the only thing I get when I buy snacks at the movies. Good recommendation. 
Try adding more salt :) 
Are you saying /u/colefly 's asshole needs authoritarian reform?
This guy does not poop
Justin Trudeau is doing the same thing with his billionaire vacation lol. And Rona Ambrose ripped him a new one literally while doing the exact same thing herself.These personal friend exemptions really shouldn't exist.
The real problem is, if cigars and suits can buy favors from Netanyahu he really needs to raise his standards.
> The police is apparently not buying it.Well,  obviously the police aren't buying the gifts, otherwise they wouldn't be recommending indictment. Hahaha, I'll show myself out. 
I would hope they would put it on display in the presidential library with a display of his achievements.
I know you're joking, but the kids have to follow the same rules, as do everyone else in government.  The state department has everything all online and mentions what happens to it-- it's pretty interesting reading.  All consumables are destroyed, but everything else goes into the archives.  If someone actually wants the gift, they have the right to buy it for the government estimated value.  Almost no one ever does.  Hillary Clinton bought jewelry once.  Generally the people who buy their gifts are military generals-- I imagine the gifts were more personal thank yous for help in some incident than the usual diplomatic theater.https://www.state.gov/s/cpr/c29447.htm
If it were me it would have had more to do with standing that close to the High Cheeto. 
Surely the people would revolt! 
Not if they are valued at more than a certain amount.  Edit: apparently they can buy them from the government after they leave office but they have to pay the state department's appraised value. 
It's illegal for elected officials to accept personal gifts  because it could be a form of bribery and officials aren't supposed to profit overtly from their positions. They can't refuse the gifts because that would be rude and they can't sell them because that would be even more rude.  So they are catalogued and, depending on the gift, displayed in one of the museums or in the receiving president's library.  
They're kept in the national archives. Recipients have the option to buy the items from the government for the appraised value. If it's something nice they might display it in the White House or a museum.  
It's all [listed online](https://www.state.gov/s/cpr/c29447.htm)
It's for his own safety!  Any of those consumables could be poisoned!
My guess would be that Prince Bandar gave them a shit load of gifts after they left office.  The Bushes were always really chummy with the Saudi Royals. 
Benedict Arnon.
No exactly. They gave money to the [clinton foundation](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-election-foundation-idUSKBN12Z2SL).  While it is a charity by name, it [doesn't do much](http://www.dailywire.com/news/8561/7-things-you-need-know-about-clinton-foundation-aaron-bandler) for charity overall.  It is part of their way to get funds for the campaign.
In the eyes of the law, does that even matter? I don't know what Israel's laws are regarding this. Is the gift-accepting an issue itself?
Which is one reason why those regions are shitty places with shitty economies.
How long of a jail sentence would he get for cigars and jewelery? It seems like rather low-level corruption. Were other politicians such as Deri and Olmert charged for similar actions, or something more substantial?
>one of his executive orders is already probably unconstitutionalAnd if that is the case the courts are doing their job. That doesn't mean its illegal to write them. 
Damn dude if you think Trump's exec orders are fringing on unconstitutional look back on like the last 4 fucking presidents. When's the last time a president has asked Congress to go to war? (written in the Constitution)
How have any of the EO's been unconstitutional?
I'm sure if trump ever gets in any real trouble his lacky congress will just change the laws.The GOP is one giant cesspit of corruption and backward ideas.
This is mostly true, but completely omits any of the provocation and human rights violations on Israel's side. Its shitty on both sides over there.
Reddit is a liberal website. Most responses you get will be from liberals. Keep that in mind, you are largely only seeing the biased liberal aspect and point of view, so take what you are told with a grain of salt and do your own research. 
Well duh the countries involved were small 
Yes, but there's some argument to be made over the deliberate design of the actions taken by Israel over the somewhat careless and unintended consequences of Bush's actions. Both are evil and Bush's actions necessarily have a much higher death toll and longer term regional stability effect but we shouldn't use only body count to judge actions. Israel's conscious actions are in their own way as despicable.
Can you provide me a source on this? I believe you, but I'd like to have something I can share with my anti-Israel friends to challenge their views.
No, only Jews get free chocolate buddy
Embarrassing... Thats acually my job.
Iunno. Coast guard? 
Commander Vimes, that's who.
I didn't think impeach ever meant hey you go to jail now, but I had thought it meant we're kicking you out of your position. If not that, what exactly *does* impeachment ever do? 
!= is how you would say not equal in C#, VB uses <> for inequal, and a lot of math people sometimes use =/=
Yeah that is a does not equal symbol, re-purposed from different programming languages.http://english.stackexchange.com/questions/22336/what-is-the-origin-of-in-the-meaning-not-equal-to
> an impeachment is effectively an indictmentI so wish more people knew this. I've never yet seen an online discussion in which the word was used that didn't involve at least 70% of the participants using it incorrectly.
!= means does not equal yes
I'm very much in the same spot as you, but I'd point out that the treatment of the Palestinians is much more troubling than the treatment of Arab Israelis.
Come to J Street! Pro-Israel, pro- peace. You can be proud of the good stuff-- a homeland, a unique Jewish culture, Amos Oz and David Grossman, the Histadrut and the Six Days War-- and still be critical of the occupation. There are many Israelis, perhaps a majority, who would agree with you. And it's a place worth fighting for. 
You as somebody that supports the one state solution (granted a very, very phased one that would likely start as a two state of sorts) I laugh with shit like the settler colonies because at this point the right wing Jews are more than likely making it impossible for a two state solution to exist 
I'm not jewish nor religious in general, and from where i sit I too see the value in a jewish state-- but i think they'd be much better off if they just bought some land off Canada and moved there and stopped having to deal with all the middle east fuckery.
Excuse me? What a load of reddit pandering bullshit. You enjoying those upvotes? As a Jew and an Israeli, there is PLENTY to be proud of. You just have to realize that a single aspect does not define an entire country, and maybe you'll see it. Sure, the government is corrupt and shitty. But who's government isn't corrupt and shitty? Maybe if you got your head out of your pandering ass, you might realize a country is more than just it's government. Israel, at not even 70 years old, is an extremely influential country on the entire earth. Major technological, medical, scientific breakthroughs come out of here ALL THE TIME. there are Israeli breakthroughs all around you. In the device you use to pander to redditors there are lots of Israeli born concepts and ideas. Hell, we're up to our neck in nobel prizes. Surely, that must make you proud?Fuck off with that bullshit.  , .   If you wanted to be proud of Israel, you easily could. But you don't, you want upvotes.    Am I proud of the israeli-palestinean conflict? Of course I'm not. But it doesn't take a genius to realize Israel is more than just a conflict.  Any country is more than a single conflict. America is more than just trump. England is more than just Brexit. And Israel is more than just a conflict.      
I believe the technical term is stale as fuck.
i dunno if it's just boston, but finding big soft pretzels are borderline impossible to find. i know that there's a chain place called auntie ann or some shit at south station that sells them, and that's it as far as i know. they're pretty cheap, can sell for like 3 or 4 bucks easily which is a great profit margin, and seem like a great appetizer or snack food anywhere. and with nacho cheese sauce? oh come on man, that's all i want. i might have to take 2 trains to that shitty bus and train station on my day off just so i can get one of those pretzels or something now. when i was in NYC there were those dudes with the carts on practically every corner in manhattan that sold them, and although they weren't great, i was psyched on being able to get them. fuck.
Yep, it's called simply nacho cheese.  It's basically a suspiciously stable and bright yellow liquid cheese approximation.  It's delicious.
Trump already provided it courtesy of the 9th Circuit.  :D
I have been summoned!BUT IM NOT SURE WHY###ROAR
Did you just reply to your self? ...I don't know how I feel about this 
It's sketchy as all hell since that guy gets gov't grants for his non-profit foundation or whatever, but what makes it even more complicated is he was a pall bearer at Trudeau's dads funeral. That's as personal as it gets.
> Justin Trudeau is doing the same thing with his billionaire vacation lol.The real issue is that he took a gift without consulting the ethics commissioner. He probably would have been allowed to take it if he'd just consulted so its actually in some ways worse because he broke rules that werent' even going to get in his way.As for Ambrose to me it just smacks of the hypocrisy o the Conservatives whose political posturing rarely reads as genuine, at least when they're criticizing other parties. They're more I dunno if the word honest is right... but believable when they're just writing policy themselves since their ideology is on full display.Nothing bugs me more though than a disingenuous opposition party except the Liberals in power.
I think it's fine as long as u make a short list of your personal friends before your elected. And that there is a stipulation that gifts between friends should stay on even ground. Your friend gifts your wife a ten thousand dollar necklace well you should do the same to reciprocate. In real friendships gifts arnt a one way street.
It's almost like this is political theatre.
Are all politicians just besties with billionaires? I mean even Obama was water skiing with Richard Branson 3 weeks after leaving office. That friendship certainly didn't just pop up over those 3 weeks...
Of course in Trudeau's case the guy (Aga Khan) actually is a close family friend, dating back to his father. Also he didn't give Trudeau a gift so much as allow Trudeau to vacation on his private island.More serious is the fact that Trudeau was meeting with billionaires once they've made a donation to his political party. His defense was exactly what you described - everyone does it.
> Justin Trudeau is doing the same thing with his billionaire vacation lol. And Rona Ambrose ripped him a new one literally while doing the exact same thing herself.He's really not; in the case of Trudeau, Aga Khan has actually been a family friend of the Trudeaus for decades. A lot of these with Netanyahu aren't.
If there is proof of friendship that dates back to before the individual's political career than there should be an exception. That's about it. And since many politicians have been in the game since diapers, it would largely end the exemption.
I think we all need more personal friends amiright?
That is disappointing about Trudeau 
Of course.  It's too vague.  Like yeah, surely these guys giving the gifts can be personal friends.  However, where do you draw the line.  The president/prime minister/whatever should accept nothing as a rule, use their own money to vacation etc, and that should be that.  Accept gifts when you're out of office - if they're still good enough friends that they would gift you then.  
Thing is, Netanyahu is quite wealthy himself, and the police apparently couldn't prove that Netanyahu actually gave any favors in return for the gifts.It might end up just as a minor ethics violation, instead of a corruption charge.
Shit, give em a BJ and he'll let you run Israel for a day!
Buying a gift kind of defeats the purpose of a gift. And it's interesting that hundreds of thousands of dollars worth of stuff is just put into the archives immediately. I know both of these would lead to corruption (lol) otherwise, but it also seems like a huge waste of money and resources for everyone.
Wait, so are those golf clubs gifted to Trump going to the Smithsonian or whatever then?
That makes a lot of sense; thank you for explaining. Do you know of any/many presidents have opted to purchase a gift like that on their own, or do most go to the archives and stay there/are shown?
Interesting. Well that answers that question. Wish I could get a sword; gotta become president I guess.
This bottle's clear - someone pass me the cognac!
> While it is a charity by name, it doesn't do much for charity overall.That's a pretty bad website. Let's see some alternatives. http://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/article/2016/sep/01/fact-checking-clinton-foundation-controversy/https://www.charitynavigator.org/index.cfm?bay=search.summary&orgid=16680https://www.charitywatch.org/ratings-and-metrics/bill-hillary-chelsea-clinton-foundation/478
The gift accepting is the issue only if it suspected to be a bribe. Personal gifts are accepted but those are pretty expensive personal gifts.  They are following the law, but the motive behind it is suspicious. Especially since the person giving the gifts doesn't seem to really be a personal friend. More of a friend of a friend.    It is sketchy and problematic, but the problem also is that police has no evidence of why he got those gifts, so it could (and most likely would like other things), fall apart later.
Olmert was charged for receiving bribe money in envelopes from construction contractors, while he was the mayor of Jerusalem, in exchange for expediting certain building projects. He got 2.5 years in prison. He is still there and it's unlikely he will return to politics.Deri was convicted to 3 years in prison for directing state money to a certain Yeshiva (religious school) in exchange for bribe money from that school. He did this in the 80's while managing the ministry of interior.Netanyahu's case is more complicated. He didn't receive any money, and the gifts (cigars for himself and Jewelry for his wife) aren't that substantial, like you said. Furthermore, the police apparently couldn't prove that Netanyahu actually gave any favors in return for the gifts.It might end up just as a minor ethics violation, instead of a corruption charge.
I'm just suggesting that this administration does everything so slipshod with so little thought as to legality that they'll do something impeachable at some point.
>And if that is the case the courts are doing their jobSomeone doesn't know how the courts work. The case has to be brought before them, and the parties pretty much have to argue on compelling grounds, itd be disgustingly improper to have one party give a half argument and have you instead fill in the blanks because you've already made up your mind. You're supposed to be impartial.If you think that's a simple process, well the next bump in the road is who has standing to sue, i mean not just anyone can decide to bring forth charges for any reason. If the executive refuses to do its job its literally a process of waiting for an incident to happen so the injured party can take the State/Gov't to court. Which they wont always do and win, which is why the aclu isn't out there arguing any and every case it sees.The Courts cannot create a case and act as the prosecution any more than they can create a law and act as the judge jury and executioner.  
It's not a right to move to the United States, it's a privilege. I fully support the travel ban. 
The President can declare war for 90 days without Congressional approval. 
Religious test edit: everyone is whining about constitutions and citizenship. Simple fact: the constitution *does* in fact apply to people with a green card or a visa. Actual refugees who are not yet here are not the problem, legally speaking. Regardless of whether you agree with the ideas behind the EO.And I didn't even mention the due process problems it causes.
The courts have been finding the EOs unconstitutional all week.  The 9th circuit said yesterday the government isn't likely to succeed on the merits. 
Those human right's violations they commit can be blamed on Hamas. Of course there will be lots of civilian casualties if Hamas uses their own people as human shields. 
>provocations You build an apartment block. Obviously the logical response is we shoot up your kindergarten, stab people, set off bombs and fire shitty rockets that kill our own Palestinian kids and some Taiwanese farm workers. Makes sense. 
This is fair. While I'm strongly in the view that Bibi is not a good PM, when it comes to this topic I think people need to be very cautious about the bias's of where they get their information and looking into the issue themselves is solid adviceedit: c'mon guys, don't downvote him
I know some liberals who call Reddit a breeding ground for white supremacy.
At least Israel was fighting an enemy at their border, one that consistently and relentlessly attacks them. You want to have a conversation about proportional responses or the causes of civilian casualties, that's fine. But America went to the other side of the world to obliterate a country that never attacked us while Israel was dealing with a threat on their border. Compared to America's actions in Iraq, Israel was leaps and bounds more justified to go to war in Gaza.
There's a difference between accidentally killing innocents and simply not giving a shit if they die. Also, reasons don't matter to those who are dead.
[Here](http://www.timesofisrael.com/abbas-admits-he-rejected-2008-peace-offer-from-olmert/)Basically Israel would keep 6.3% of the West Bank where settlements were built, but in exchange Israel would trade 5.8% of its own territoryIt was the best deal they could get, but for them it was everything or nothing, but I can't see how the Palestinians can delude themselves to think they're negotiating from a position of strength
Hey it's the boss that's sick.
I used to have a friend whose job was to take care of the people who watch you.
Basically an impeachment is the formal beginning to a trial.
It's basically equivalent to a Grand Jury.  They decide if there's enough evidence to start an actual trial.
It kicks off the trial. Clinton was, for example, impeached. He just was acquitted during the actual trial. Impeachment isn't the end goal, its the start.
From the constitution: The President, Vice President, and all civil Officers of the United States shall be removed from Office on Impeachment for, **and conviction of, Treason, Bribery, or other High Crimes and Misdemeanors**. (emphasis mine) impeachment CAN result in a removal from office. Nixon likely would have been impeached and removed had he not resigned, for example. Clinton and Andrew Johnson were acquitted in the senate, so they were never removed. I'm not familiar with the Israeli version, but I'm sure it's similar. 
To clarify further, in the American presidential system, impeachment is where a *simple majority* of the House of Representatives brings charges forth against the president. This is similar to an indictment in criminal court. Impeachment can consist of multiple charges being pressed simultaneously, e.g., the House impeached Clinton over both perjury and obstruction of justice. However, impeachment by itself does not do anything further under the American Constitution other than proceeding to the following step. The next step, the actual *conviction* of the President, has never been fully achieved. This is carried out by the Senate and requires two-thirds of the Senate to agree. The Senate proceedings are analogous to and very similar to a criminal trial. Clinton received 50 of 100 votes for conviction by the Senate on obstruction of justice, while Andrew Johnson was only one vote short in 1868.
So it means no, or just not yes?
Agreed. Also the treatment of Israelis by Palestinians.edit: wow I didn't realize it was so controversial to point out that crimes committed against the two states are equally abhorrent. Yikes. Looks like some folks are reading in to this comment a little too much. Settle down. Show a little compassion for your fellow human beings.
The Six Days' War was a good thing?
Oh we see you fighting homie
>the right wing Jews are more than likely making it impossible for a two state solution to existThat's definitely the intention. Every new settlement built means an independent Palestinian state becomes less and less viable. The goal is eventually total Israeli control over the entirety of historical Palestine. Some of the extremist freaks in Netanyahu's coalition want to go further, into Jordan and Lebanon even. Anywhere ancient Israelites once romped two thousand fucking years ago should be Israeli territory today, they believe. 
umm.. that's not how any of this works 
Hey, I live just outside Boston and Auntie Anne's is the shit! I only know of the ones at the mall but christ I don't want to know how much I've spent on them. They're tasty, they're satisfying, they're cheap, they're all you'd ever need 
That sounds disgusting. Why not just use real cheese?
Did you just assume his personality?! 
Which is exactly why personal exemptions shouldn't exist. Even the most personal relationships are problematic.
Maybe we should just let them accept the gifts, but make sure those gifts appear on the public record. Transparency is the only thing necessary in these kinds of situations. 
> Trudeau's dads funeralWait who was @ Fidel Castro's funeral?? I don't follow.
>Nothing bugs me more though than a disingenuous opposition party except the Liberals in power.Hypocrites are bad, but fuck them Liberals, amirite?
> Nothing bugs me more though than a disingenuous opposition partyI hate to say it, but is there such a thing as a 21st century opposition party that isn't disingenuous?
Don't get me wrong, I hate the liberals as much as the next SocDem, but Rona Ambrose just seems a bit shady to me. She goes on ripping Trudeau because he broke promises when they were the same thing she'd do in power, and Harper did for nearly a decade. Trudeaus Liberals shouldn't have approved those pipelines, he told the Canadian people he wouldn't and now he's backtracking on another promise well, sounds a bit odd coming from the party that silenced Environmental Scientists for 9 years. Justin Trudeau scuttling the Electoral Reform promises is just another example of liberal lies to Canadians. Your party has been an opponent of everything *but* First Past the Post for ages. (None of those are actual quotes just the Tories stance against the Liberals Don't get me wrong, I am against the liberals on your issues too, but, those are some of the few issues you agree with the Liberals on. I don't see you arguing for Marijuana Legislation, you left that one for Mulcairs NDPs. So why don't you leave these for him too. Simple, because you won't give up an inch to the left just like you won't let Trudeau slip an inch without raising a massive stink over it. 
The difference is that Ambrose checked with and was cleared by the ethics commissioner before doing it. Trudeau did not. Had he done the same it would have likely been a non-issue (to most)
That's only because it's not 2015 anymore.
You gift my wife a necklace and I pass legislation that helps your company make millions - now we're even 
In real friendships gifts ARE one way streets. If someone is your real friend you gift them without expecting anything in return. If you only gift with the expectation that you will get something back then that's a transaction/exchange/trade not a gift. 
I would imagine you get to know your fair share of rich people through fundraising once you get to that high of an office.
And he certainly wasn't his friend when he was a Junior Senator from Illinois, amirite? 
Thats what makes it laughable, suit and cigars are not gifts thats would result in a quid pro quo situation. This is more sensationalism than sustenance clearly, because there isn't any hard evidence.  
Aside from the fact Kerry packers son was sending him to private islands and providing personal chefs while angling for Israeli citizenship for tax concessions.  
Are you saying you'd go gay to be the president of Israel for a day?
There are records online of all the gifts that have been received.  There are probably records of who decided to buy what. 
I'd consider first class and flights by charter to be benefits of the foundation
This seems like a misleading headline then. If he didn't give favors then it isn't corruption, right?
If he is wealthy, and the gifts aren't all that substantial even were he not wealthy, this seems like a case of not realizing what the upper bound of personal gift should be from being out of touch with dirt po' politics. I mean, at my current stage of life, if a guy I had worked with for a while said hey, can you spot me $100? I'd probably tell him not to pay me back but the rounds are on him for the foreseeable future. But in my early 20's handing someone that kind of cash on a joke would have seemed horribly corrupt.
Well I hope you're incorrect, as I never root for the US to fail, but you might prove me wrong.
I wrote a whole response to your privilege statement but deleted it because there's something I don't understand at all about the ban/the people for it. My understanding is that the plan is to halt immigration for 120 days while we come up with a form of extreme vetting to make sure no terrorists get in. I get the justification for it, but step 1 is in no way *necessary* to take step 2. So assuming everything Trump and his supporters say is true, is there a point where the White House devoting resources to the ban becomes bad for national security when we need a long term solution? I think the whole thing is pointless, but I don't understand why the whole country is arguing over a stopgap measure when we could be getting to the final solution(no nazi intended). 
They didn't rule on whether or not it is unconstitutional. They ruled on the TRO remaining in place. The ruling concerned whether or not the courts had the authority to challenge an executive order on immigration. The state argued it did have a right to challenge the order and the 9th circuit agreed thus enabling the TRO. Whether or not the EO is ruled constitutional or not is yet to be seen.
Of course hospitals will be destroyed if Hamas uses them to store their rockets. 
Because it is, but that doesn't mean the vast majority of redditors aren't liberal.But in a world where truth is considered a 'liberal bias' take anyone dismissing something because liberals with a grain of salt.
Do they only look at the most downvoted posts on the site or something?
Then we're talking about the same type of people who tweet fuck white people on twitter unironically
Thanks so much!
Hey, it's your cousin. Want to go bowling?  
You know why he's not your friend any more? I took care of him.
impeachment for AND CONVICTION of
Impeachment is separate from both the trial that occurs as well as the removal from office after a conviction. Impeachment describes the process of the legislature bringing forth the charges against an elected official. Yes, an impeachment can lead to them being removed from office, but the word doesn't describe the actual removal, like this person and a lot of others often think. Impeachment is akin to indictment in this way. They have to be impeached before they can be removed, but the word isn't describing the whole process, just the first part. I know you know this, just further clarifying for the other person. 
In C and other older formal programming languages, distinction is made between = (assignment) and == (equivalence).  a = b assigns the value of a to b.  a == b returns a boolean result (true or false) after comparing their contents.  a != b flips the comparison bit, such that if a == b is true (1) then a != b is false (0).Make sense?
yes means no and no means yes
That's like complaining about Native Americans attacking American settlements in the 1800's. No shit they're pissed off. 
Well, yes, think that goes without saying
Better than the Seven Days' War
I chose it on purpose- celebrate the smashing David vs. Goliath victory while lamenting the inception of occupation. A tear can come to your eye when you see those soldiers at the wailing wall and you can still think the Al-Aqsa belongs in another country. 
The Arabs conspired to entirely destroy the Jewish homeland and despite being severely outnumbered Israel was able to not just hold them off, but barter for peace afterwards. Yeah I'd call that good.
Which means an apartheid state and international sanctions eventually leading to South Africa 2.0 
Good thing the Jews weren't in Egypt or they would try to get the Suez canal...
> UN: 'Ere enjoy this land your core books reference, you'll get a kick out of it!...50 years later...> World: Ok but can u chill on the whole obsession with storied holy land thing tho it's destabilizing cooperative living on planet earth
True. People clinging to their stone age mythology means more people have to die.
Because it's better. But also worse. Which also makes it better.
This cheese product, while served warm, still stays liquid at room temperature.  Most cheeses do not.
So a prime minister couldn't get a gift from a long-time friend, for say, Christmas?  I don't think it's a black and white issue.
At that point though, the conflict of interest exists regardless of the gifts. 
And the only vacations should be soma ones
and while we're at it, fuck all those millions of angry-impoverished white people in the mid-west who got sub-par education for voting for someone who told them he'd never ignore them again4 years later people are pissed off and vote more 'liberal' when in reality the 2 main parties (though represent different ideas) still do the same things.
Ya. I wonder if Trudeau will keep his legalized weed promise seeing as he broke multiple major ones
Hell, why limit it to the 21st C? We've created such a massive fiction about the way things used to be. Fake news? Its been around forever. Corruption? It has alway been present. 
Agreed.  Not a massive Trudeau fan but it's literally some of the exact same shit they were doing for a decade, now it's wrong lol.
She checked with the ethics commissioner after she was already on vacation. The two situations are really not that different. 
> The difference is that Ambrose checked with and was cleared by the ethics commissioner before doing it. Actually no, she didn't.
Yea that sounds like business friends not personal too me. 
You gift my wife a necklace.. you got a problem with me son.
I get what your saying but if over the course of a friendship one person is constantly receiving and never gives back then that is a very skewed relationship. I tend to be the type to always be giving and it really burned me out until I just cut out the friends who never gave back, now I may have a smaller circle but I can count on them and they can count on me. If your in the position be offered easily taken bribes refusing extravagant gifts from people who recently became friends should be a given. 
Except any bribery expert will tell you it's not about quid pro quo, its about building a relationship you can exploit. 
First off, I think you severely underestimate how much value a suit or cigar can have. Secondly, his wife received jewelery aswell from what I understand.
Awesome, thank you for getting me started on where and what to look for! 
Sure. Considering they raise money for the foundation and take no salary, then it's a pretty good deal for the charity. 
I hope Trump fails, not the US. There's a difference. In my opinion, Trump failing might be what actually *saves* the US.
Hoping Trump fails is not hoping the US fails. Please don't equate the two, lest you help Trump accidentally with this rhetoric you clearly haven't thought through.  Every second Trump represents us is the US failing.  
Trump and his ilk are *not* the US. 
I agree, Hamas is awful. And thank God I don't have to make the decision between letting them store rockets and blowing up a hospital.
As for the settlements I don't believe Israel should have to wait forever for Hamas to be overthrown. The Palestinians had a clear choice in 2006 and they chose Hamas. They don't seem to be in any hurry to overthrow them. So Israel has been building settlements to put pressure on Hamas. Either it works and will result in peace, or it won't work and Israel should make use of the West Bank since it's better off with them than in the hands of Hamas. 
I don't want to pick sides here but what gets downvoted varies *a lot* based on the subreddits and what the post title says.My impression is that the sentiment in the comments of a post often represent the post title and its political leaning, here (a post about Netanjahu being corrupt) the top comments are critical of Netanjahu which is a more liberal position (just by being negative about a conservative), commenters with a conservative viewpoint/in support of Netanjahu tend to get downvoted. You see the same reversed when  a post is positive on some conservative politician, policy etc.I assume (from self observation) that people in general are more inclined to comment and read posts and comments they agree with, (sub)consciously wanting to get the statisfaction to read and discuss the issue with people they agree with, so left leaning people comment on left leaning posts, conservatives on conservatives one - this doesn't happen to 100% and often the title has no spin on its own but the effect reeinforces itself so the comments tend to go one way or another. If I see a political post I disagree with I assume (from past experience) that the people commenting will also disagree with me on a fundamental level so I persue posts where I hope for commenters I can argue with on a reasonable basis...this behavior radicalize people by them not having to engage (as much) with people they disagree with and only get their opinions reeinforced - we create echo chambers where in each chamber the discussions are only about the flavors of their side (there is a good CGP Grey video on that: [This Video will make you angry](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rE3j_RHkqJc)).r/news is usually pretty antitrump and since Trump therefore kinda liberal by excluding stuff which is pro Trump(/GOP)... r/europe used to be very conservative for a time around the (subjective) peak of the refugee crises. and with the new filter mechanics we now can seggregate us perfectly into out little political bubbles so...this is true for the left ( /r/OurPresident etc) aswell as the right ( r/the_donald) ...those and similiar subreddits can be indeed breeding ground for all sorts of things but you wouldn't necessarily notice that outside them.
there might be a massacre
Everybody takes care of everybody on this blessed day!
Oh wow, well this embarrassing. Im actually supposed to take care of *you* later on tonight. So, yeah, I guess tell your wife you love her and kiss your kids goodbye n shit cause itll be hard to talk when youre... you know, dead.
Well yes, those are the words that I put in bold. 
This is going to be T_D's rhetorical Waterloo
I'm good. I'm an EE and fluent in a few programming languages. Just making playful banter. Sadly, I'm old enough to have had endured Fortran, C, and some older languages. That is an excellent explanation though...  
What about the ethnic cleansing of Jews in that region before the establishment of Israel? I guess your American settlements analogy falls apart if you actually look at history, huh?
Except there was no UN involved in 1800s. UN created Israel.
Well to be fair, massacring  a whole village with tomahawks really isn't a very  nice thing to do.
Does it though? It seems like the occasional rocket fire from Palestinians is a forgotten back drop when Israeli politics are discussed internationally. 
They should try a five day war, nobody will beat that! 
Barter They won, flat out. They could have continued too, gained more land and all that, but they didn't. The war was incredibally one sides. 
>The Arabs conspired to entirely destroy the Jewish homelandIsrael has been a part of greater Syria for 2000 years until some Jews from Europe invaded and called it their own. it's not a conspiracy when people are trying to take their land back. what actually happened was the UK and U.S. conspired to cut up Syria, and they tried to fight back. >despite being severely outnumbered Israel was able to not just hold them off, but barter for peace afterwards. which isn't difficult against states that were recently decolonized after decades of being exploited and disarmed by te British and French, while Israel basically had the entire ship loads of British and American weapons literally dumped onto their shores. don't get me wrong, I feel like Israel and its citizens have been there long enough to claim sovereignty, but don't try to act like the creation and defense of Israel isn't due to world super powers. 
I mean the occupation in the West Bank is essentially apartheid already. Walls and checkpoints everywhere, roads and services that only Israelis are allowed to access, Palestinians need IDF permission to move about freely.Noam Chomsky however said the apartheid analogy is flawed because in some ways Israel is worse. In South Africa, the black population was at least exploited. They were 90% of the population, they were the labor force. In Israel-Palestine, the Palestinians are just a nuisance to the Israelis, if they all disappeared one day, Israel would love that. In South Africa the black population couldn't just be pushed out or exterminated, they were needed. 
Who told everyone that the UN created Israel? Great Britain created Israel with a recommendation from the UN. UN can't actually do shit with territories held by actual governments. 
look man, i'm an israeli born american.  i totally agree with you.  but you have to understand their perspective even though it might be hard.  saying something like ok just relocate them is never going to work.  i truly believe middle eastern conflict will never be resolved until religion is abolished.  i also don't agree with many of israel's action although i am ignorant to the history of the middle east.  it's NOT ok  to kill innocent people, and if you ever met a real israeli that went through their army, you'll realize they nationalize the shit out of them while they're there.  how are you just going to uplift an entire society? 
No, they shouldn't. It's a small thing to give up, and it closes loopholes like the one Trudeau is exploiting.
Tbh if you can't bear the thought of not getting Christmas presents for a few years you probably should reconsider being prez/PM.
Make it like my secret Santa at work. $200 limit.
or you know wait a few years and give it then
To celebrate the holiday season, a donation has been made in your name to the Human Fund.
I mean, it's one thing to get a sweater or a movie for Christmas, and another to get a boat, house, or expensive car.
such good friends will be able to exchange their years worth of pent up gifts after the term is over no?
And this wasn't even stuff with monetary value, he like, hung out at his beach house with the dude?Hey dude, wanna come chill at my beach house for spring break? Nah man, I can't, the conservatives will try to investigate and remove me.
If the gift was inexpensive and personal no one would care-- but we're not talking about a personalized card here.
Nope, that should be one of the requirements of having the job. It's not a normal job to have, and shouldn't have normal standards.
Usually you can, but it has to be approved by the legislature. 
Correct.  PMs and presidents can wait until they're out of office to receive gifts.  Or they can accept gifts of monetary value less than $50.
Christmas is for kids. Adults don't NEED gifts, and ANY adult can understand that it would be best/appropriate to not give gifts to someone in such a position. Its quite easy to set that boundary, and no harm will come if you only get gifts from family. MOST PEOPLE only get gifts from family.
Not over a certain amount. He can quit his seat if he so desperately wants those gifts. 
Why do you think he's waiting so long? He'll introduce it right before the election in 2 years. 
It's never been anything short of dystopia for the majority of humans who suffer everyday.
The rules were written for the Prime Minister and government ministers.  Ambrose is the interim leader of the official opposition.  She will be replaced in two months.  The two situations are different because one person rewards money to the person gifting them and the other person does not.  We would have never known about Ronald Ambrose' vacation if she didn't tell on herself.
That was not a real vote. Do you not remember the stories about voter intimidation by threat of death? Hamas existence only ensures violence. Hell, they train their kids to kill ours
Everybody wants to rule the world. 
I figured you knew, but for all the philosophers out there, I thought I'd better nip it in the bud :DWait until someone uses ^ in a comment and we have to explain the difference between bitwise or and exclusive or.
Yeah, justify one atrocity with another. See how that plays out. 
I don't get why this is even brought up.  Israel has the right to the West Bank because other countries kicked out Jews after the creation of Israel?
It was after the establishment of Israel/ethnic cleansing of Palestinians during the independence war. What the fuck are you talking about 
So because they did it before it's okay to get back at them now?How about growing up and showing you can be a big boy country. 
Instead there were European rulers who partitioned the land and declared it their own by their own laws. Also, the UN did not create Israel that is factually incorrect.
I agree, but what else were they supposed to do? The US never upheld its treaties and they were literally experiencing genocide. 
Couldn't that be due to the thousands of Palestinians who have been killed for every 1 Israeli? Not that it makes their actions ok, but the balance of power is there. It's like saying Native Americans killed colonists too.
Wasn't the formation of Israel a relocation of people to begin with? The British Mandate in Palestine or w/e they called it. People say we can't just relocate them, but that seems like something the world just did in the 40s. 
The Israelis aren't going anywhere but the Palestinians aren't either. So they must learn to live with each other, and that means that there must be a real peace. Either separation and shutting down settlements or a true binational state with equal rights. The status quo is unacceptable and unsustainable.
I'm the son of an Israeli immigrant and recently visited Israel. It's really amazing how much the Israeli people value life and try to preserve it whenever it seems possible. I get that war is war and people have to die, which sucks, but I also think it should be pointed out that the IDF tries their best to avoid civilian casualties, especially when the innocent civilians are being used as human shields by other groups.
The idea that a president gets to have a normal life is insane.  George Washington didn't father a son so he could father a nation and these guys are upset about Christmas presents.  It's a public service job and is supposed to be seen as a sacrifice. edit: as^
Closes loopholes like the one Trudeau is exploitingHow are you confident that he is ACTUALLY exploiting that, it seems like the personal friend in question is ACTUALLY a personal long-time friend of the family.You can talk about CoI with gov't contributions to his non-profit but at the end of the day I think any relationship between a politician and a private-sector personnel could be viewed as a conflict of interest in the right light, even in the most innocent circumstance.
Still would get complicated. If you bar gifts for the politician and suddenly their children are gifted sports cars, what then?there will always be a way
That's really difficult to police. What if he's having a dinner with his family and some friends. It's a small get together where you bring a bottle of wine and a dish. Someone brings a 400 dollar bottle of wine and everyone at the table shares it. It's gone by the end of the night. I still agree with you but that scenario would be a crime and that's kind of absurd.
I wouldn't neccesarily say he's exploiting it, I don't believe anything sinister is going on.  Exploiting would imply he's using a loophole in a way it's not intended.  I don't believe this guy is trying to legally bribe Trudeau, they've known each their entire lives.
I completely agree. If politicians saw their roles as a sacrifice towards the good of their People instead of focusing on the power and prestige ww would live in a much better world.
But opening presents is so much fun. 
$200?! Are you running a hedge fund?  $40 is the highest I've been a part of. 
Note< dont open until after impeachment. XOXOX Richie Rich
I hate receiving the previous eight years Christmas presents as a lump-sum. Its not as charming.
And got to fly In the guys personal helcopter.    It's a pretty sweet vacation with someone you've known for decades.
Whether the vote was legitimate or not the Palestinian people have done nothing to remove them power since then. 
Immigration law is being enforced, people lose their minds.  
So our laws are being enforced as they should be. Why is this such a big deal to people? 
Whitelist our site Uh, no. 
Na na na na, na na na na, hey hey hey good bye. 
I support immigration enforcement because it's fair to the people who immigrated legally; the years of waiting for visas or the thousands of dollars for legal support and representation. I'm an American immigrant and I couldn't imagine how I would feel if I got here as a refugee. Economic migrants who skipped the legal process have broken the law. If you want to see a fist fight try line skipping at INS; it's like the DMV and TSA had an ugly baby. I'm glad that I'm finally a citizen. The immigration process is a marathon folks; I salute you if you're naturalized. Respect! 
Maybe they should've applied for citizenship, then this wouldn't be happening.
So we're supposed to blame ICE and not the false reports/trolls. This is a pathetic article.
So many emotional people in here who support violent illegals over the law.
[deleted]
Fake news strikes again!
Not only that, but the people targeted, who shouldn't be in the U.S in the first place, have committed violent crimes, identify theft and many other acts to prioritize their removal. 
After 8 years of obama, people forgot what law and order is. 
Yep. it's been so long since people have seen ICE do their jobs they're protesting. lol
Ever occur to you the law is immoral? 
Because the Democrats' master plan was to flood the country with illegal immigrants and get enough of them to vote (with promises of amnesty or freebies) to create a permanent Democrat majority. This insincere whining is what happens when the master plan fails.
> If you want to see a fist fight try line skipping at INSThis isn't the right forum, but I would like to hear more about this.I'm from the US, but have to get visas sometimes when I'm working in other countries.  Last time, besides all of the tedious paperwork, the most aggravating thing was to wait to talk with the official at the embassy, after leaving the country I was about to work at in order to get the proper visa in a neighboring country.  Then waiting for days, and being told by the secretary that he was busy, as I was looking at the official in his office staring at the window off in space.  So I'm just curious what it's like coming into the US.  
INS isn't what is called now. And everything done with immigration comes with dates and times to show up, even for simple fingerprint appointments.
The poor should just make more money, then they wouldn't go hungry!
Your standard for truth is a rando from reedit?
That's actually just a cover for what is in reality a massive dragnet, and the executive order trump signed includes about 8 million people, the vast, vast, majority of whom haven't hurt a fly. 
Yes, some are not supposed to be in the US but that is their only crime. We should not be a show me your papers nation where our immigrants are hiding. There should be a path to citizenship. Let's not call them all criminals. 
Obama deported over 2 million. People just liked him more. I can't say that I blame them for liking him, Obama was a crooner and savvy. Trump is an elephant in a china shop. However, I despise three things: intellectual cowardice, hypocrisy, and unmitigated confidence in ignorance - all of which have been on the rise the last decade. 
lol wut. let's just forget about the record number of deportations that took place during his tenure. 
Hm, I wonder how your feelings about Obama and the fact that he has been tougher on illegal immigration than his predecessors reconcile. /s 
...As the office of the presidency opens up a gift shop lol.I hope the shills never get more subtle.
I didn't miss it, either. Next thing to go with be the newly legalized marijuana states, I assume, and people will cheer it for breaking some outdated federal law.
It boggles my mind how asking to see an ID at the voting booth is called voter suppression 
Not the Democrats I roll with. Just like the GOP, there's a number of agendas at play in the dems. Some agendas more malignant than others.
Yeah, my wallet was stolen so I had to renew my Green Card but I was still on active duty. I wore my uniform to INS one day and I got bumped up because I didn't have a ton of time; I shouldn't have worn my uniform. A group of people were upset that I skipped but the group behind said that I should get to skip since I was in the military; next thing I know security is breaking up a fight. After that experience I thought I would take advantage of a Bush era directive that allowed permanent residents to gain citizenship through two years of active duty, and honorable discharge. Immigration is a long process and it takes thousands of dollars at a minimum; without military service it would have taken me much longer to get my citizenship. Long lines. Lots of money. Fairly simplistic English tests?
They could try fixing their country instead of deteriorating our standard of living. 
I'm ok deporting everyone who is here illegally. I just don't want to waste a ton of money on it.
What part about illegal do you not understand?
There is a path it's called applying for citizenship.  They knew the consequences so they can face them now.
You do know there's a well documented legal path to citizenship, right?  I actually used it.  Its complete bullshit we overlook people who just sneak in.  It cost me nearly 10K to submit the paperwork, then I realized thousands of people are just walking across with no repercussions.  Of you allow it, people will choose that route...so me must not allow it.  There is no safety if you come here illegally, you must be prepared to be forced to go back and go through the appropriate channels, and to also be punished for committing a crime.
There's a path to citizenship. People become legal citizens all the time. The problem is where you draw the line on who and how many. A country has an absolute right to control immigration. The Montevideo Convention stipulates permanent border and permanent population as requirements for nation-states. What disturbs me is the disconnect between arguing for undermining the nation-state while asking so much more of it. Know who really wants the free movement of people? Corporations and businesses. Why? Cheaper labor and it undermines the nation-state, which regulates them. 
Anyone who violates Visa laws is a criminal, I don't care how anyone feels about the usage of that word, because that's the truth. If you don't like being called a criminal, go back home and apply to get in the U.S the legal way. And yes, there is a path to citizenship, a path that lets in a million people a year to become permanent residents. 
You can enforce a law without being a show me your papers country. It's pretty simple, you do something wrong and end up arrested, if you're not legal, you're out. The end.
Well fuck, if you steal a social security number to work you've committed a felony.These are the ones getting deported. Shit like driving without a license...
Exactly, Trump is at constant scrutiny because of his transparency. It's what he gets for his non-political correctness and his tweets. It's called POLITICAL correctness for a reason. Tariffs, immigration laws are nothing new but people who get their news from twitter as opposed to people who read the news are seeing what politicians do for their first time. 
Not entirely true. Obama refined deportation to include turning people away at the border.
So what are people bitching about now? This isn't new, none of this is. The only new thing is his tweets.
It was a record breaking number because they changed the definition of deportation to include people turned back at the border.
Ya that is one argument I will never understand. There are literally no barriers to getting a state issue id.
it's all the other shit that repubs do while pushing voter id that they call it voter suppression. 
> Yeah, my wallet was stolen so I had to renew my Green CardThat's terrible that you lost your wallet (especially IDs) but it's funny that you mention it.  I was in an immigration office abroad, sat down, and someone had left their wallet.  There was no one around so I picked it up and it contained about 3 to 4 thousand dollars (in a different currency) - which was strange because no one would usually carry that much cash there.  I looked at the ID, then looked around the building and offices, and finally saw the guy talking in Spanish to the lady clerk about getting all the documents for his daughters, wife, etc, which is when I realized he had all that money in his wallet to buy plane tickets and everything else.  So I went up to him and asked if he was missing anything.  He looked at me like I was some crazy stranger, which I was.  I asked again, and he started feeling around and it finally dawned on him he was missing his wallet.  Then I gave his wallet back to him, but felt kind of bad because I think I about gave him a mild heart attack.  
Look at how hard the Mexican government is protesting that we're deporting these people.  They know the score and are working in the interests of their nation.  It's just weird finally having an administration in the White House looking after ours.
I'm with you, that is the same thing the native Americans said when Columbus brought all the illegal European immigrants over.  
It's more complicated then just that.  On the surface it sounds good but it's get tougher.  People may be here for 10-15-20 years.  There children born here and are US citizens.  Do you deport the whole family, leave kids in the US with no parents?  I don't look at this as a blackAnd white issue.  Sure get rid of the crimals, make sure we slow stop the flow of people coming over the border, have a system in place where people who overstay visas have to leave, get rid of birth right citizenship.But same time I think you need a plan for families where kids born here, and even people who may have lived here for a long time and never committed a crime.  
I'm okay deporting you at gunpoint, but I'm not allowed to do it am I? 
Ever occur to you the law is immoral?
Wow your[re] dumb and or ignorant. You cannot apply for citizenship until living in the US for a few years. What you mean is a VISA, and the majority of illegals just havent renewed them, many of which falls with their employer. Edit:  Not saying theyre not following procedures and bearacracy but at least get the facts right.
So you want us to be a show me your papers country?
Welcome to America the right way! Glad to have you here, and thrilled you are a rational person.Ignoring illegal aliens' crimes and failing to deport them is completely unfair to all American citizens, especially those like you who came in legally.
I'm curious, what paperwork did you file to immigrate to the country?
What benefits do you think these people enjoy versus you? If your fear is that you threw your money away, fear not. Undocumented immigrants have no rights or privileges, so if you ever feel like giving those up by all means because Its complete bullshit that thousands of people are just walking across with no repercussions.We need effective comprehensive immigration reform. While kicking out all the undocumented immigrants would serve as a gesture, it would have affects on our economy because of our reliances on their cheap labor, so a better solution needs to be introduced. 
We should not be going down the path of being a country where show me your papers is a normal utterance. You do understand where that reference comes from, right? 
You're right. If you ever violated traffic laws, regardless of due process and because you broke the law, you are a criminal. 
Go ahead and try.  It takes upwards of a decade for the legal process, and unless you have high skills, you might as well forget it.   In short, it's not really open to anyone.
Illegal doesn't necessarily mean immoral. Sanctuary cities are similar in spirit to refusing to enforce the Fugitive Slave Act of way back when. 
I wouldn't call Trump transparent. Outspoken certainly, but it's not because he says lots of stuff that he isn't keeping quiet about other things.
There's a huge chasm between politically correct and being an asshole.Also what transparency? Spouting off on twitter isn't transparency it's a lack of restraint.
> Trump is at constant scrutiny because of his transparency. Lol. The shit you can convince yourself of if you live in an echo chamber. But God bless those patriots and their daily leaks about how incompetent and corrupt he is.
Hmmm... see I knew the administration redefined enemy combatant to be any male killed over a certain age  BUT was not aware of this bit of newspeak.
you were literally just bitching about forgetting law and order under obama. 
The new part is picking them up in the day time while they're at places like work or the grocery store. It makes the city feel militarized and occupied. This is how Trump will fuck with places like Chicago. 
Between 2009 and 2015 his administration has removed more than 2.5 million people through immigration orders, which doesnt include the number of people who self-deported or were turned away and/or returned to their home country at the border by U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP) http://abcnews.go.com/Politics/obamas-deportation-policy-numbers/story?id=41715661
Other then money for needed documents to get the id, places that issue ids being only open a few hours a couple days a month, plus time off needed to get id and/or documents which may end up being multiple trips if the id issuing org. not being happy with your documentation. So yes no issues at all....
>It's just weird finally having an administration in the White House looking after ours.It has been a long time coming. 
Can I have your home address? I'm moving in and not paying rent. 
Yep, the  American standard of living has certainly deteriorated since the 1490s.
That is fucktarded. Explain to me what laws Columbus broke. 
Do you think no one needs to obey any laws or just immigration laws?
What an odd comment. You're not allowed to hold people at gunpoint; the government can deport illegals, though.
So you support theft by foreign nationals? Interesting.
It wouldn't bother me I'm legal so let's go for it.  Why don't you ask the ones that legally followed the process how they feel? 
I love this black and white view. Either it's enforcing immigration laws in any shape or form or goose-stepping evil enforcement agents demanding papers like it's Nazi Germany. These raids (as far as any legitimate news sources are saying) are only targeting known illegal immigrants with felony records. Sorry, if you come to my country and start committing felonies in my community you gotta got. Even identity theft. You're stealing someone innocent's records and fucking with them. So to get back to the point of the article, what exactly about deporting known illegal immigrant felons do you disagree with?
Becoming an American is the greatest decision I've ever made.  I feel like I hold an odd fascination with Americans.  Kids are so fu king lucky to be born here.  Many of us risk our lives to come here in the hopes of becoming a citizen, yet you have rich privileged assholes claiming they're ashamed to me an American.  I would have killed to trade them places.  I was a fucking orphan in Spain worked as hard as I could to become an American....just to hear American babies tell me how much they want to escape Trump and move to Barcelona(most of the idiots can't even speak Castilian.)Those assholes can take my place...I'm 100% American, I speak English, and my kids will salute the flag.  
What do you mean?  I was a native Spaniard who was 18...Are you asking about the process, and the papers you have to file in general, or are you asking if I had ancillary documents I was required to submit?
Taking financial advantage of the powerless is not reason to disobey the laws...
Yeah, that's a pretty image, and we should also be a country where people don't sneak in to receive handouts, or killed at the hands of people who shouldn't be here in the first place.  We can go down that the way things should be rabbit hole for days, but I would prefer to just stick to reality.
I understand and I agree but there is a legal way to get a green card and be a citizen...
So would it be fine if they were just using a device that could know with 100% certainty whether someone was a citizen, thus dispelling the need for an affirmative defence/disproving the negative?
Agree 100% and there are also penalties if caught.What do you seriously propose the penalty be for these people? Fine them, throw out the visa process and anyone that makes it here is guaranteed one, Ignore it?
Becoming a citizen of the United States is a privilege that they can dole out as they please.If they feel it is worth as much, why shouldn't they require such a significant investment of one's life to get in?Other than it not being particularly nice or moral.
Those are facts that nobody wants to hear. Alternative facts only in this thread please. 
You really don't want to toss around immoral as the standard here.  Immorality is one of those subjective terms that has different meaning to different people.  Lots and lots of people think abortion is immoral.  But the law is the law.  Vegans think eating meat is immoral; do they get to force that viewpoint on everyone else?  Talk about a slippery slope you don't want to go down.  
He's more orange than transparent. Seriously, his administration has been having so many problems because it is completely opaque even to the public beauracacy.  
[deleted]
so picking up criminals (because they're illegal aliens- which is a crime) in broad daylight instead of sneaking around trying to catch them somewhere harder? what the problem iz?
20$ for an Id card.  So suppressive 
Uhhhh the DMV is always open every day.
Totally (If we include all of the americas). Glad to see we agree. 
White Christian illegal immigrants come to take land from indigenous Americans.  When those indigenous Americans become illegal immigrants* trying to get back to where they always were before anyways, previous white illegal immigrants complain. So it all makes sense right? Those Mexicans aren't breaking Mexican laws either. Just like Columbus wasn't breaking Spanish law raping and pillaging his way through the indies. Massive illegal immigration has been bad for America since 1492! yes there are white mexicans, but these aren't the ones crossing illegally. 
I care about people. Nothing else matters. You support harming people. 
Oh yeah? What gives them that moral right?Or do you just bootlick any fuck in a suit? 
I support deporting you
I'm for enforcing immigration laws, but the if you have nothing hide if you're innocent thing is literally how fascism defends enacting extreme measures. Now, these people were caught doing illegal things, and therefore should be deported. But on the other hand, I do want to consider the way we going about it, not removing our civil rights.
Legal and dumb... You want the country to be a show your papers gestapoland? It's unfortunate people like you came to this country.
So what documentation of your citizenship do *you* carry whenever your leave your home?
If you have nothing to hide why worry? That turned out great for the Jews. 
You aren't wrong, but you're still ignorant.
I was wondering how you got to the states. Parents petition you?
Yet plenty of business prosper. What do you suggest we do with those who hire illegal immigrants? 
Tell me who in this country has been killed at the hands of those who shouldn't be here in the first place. Reality is what we are living right now and I believe what you should be saying is you want to live in a world where anyone who doesn't look like you (or how you wished you looked) is forced into hiding so they and their families won't be killed or thrown in jail. Reality is that we have paths to citizenship and our immigrants are not causing us pain and suffering. 
>throw out the visa process and anyone that makes it here is guaranteed one, Ignore it? Is that your solution or are you being facetious when you're asking me to respond sincerely? As for penalties, in my layperson opinion, they should go through due process and be charged accordingly-- which is sort of what is happening, if you consider unlawful detainment, a lack of habeas corpus, and having no human rights as due process. I better solution, I think, is to treat the cause and not the symptom, but that's a grand problem and a solution that is hard to break down into a bite-size feel good single sentence. Those hat have been here for 10 or more years, who have paid their taxes, who haven't been in violation of the law beyond petty offenses-- like parking tickets, should have a path towards amnesty. 
Being a US citizen isn't a universal right.
You know it's like that for a reason?
That's a completely valid point. My problem is seeing comments all over the place saying basically fuck these people for trying to get a better life. There are tons of problems with immigration, but this blank check to go after everyone who's here illegally is extremely worrisome. I don't want a countrywide repeat of that asshole sheriff from Arizona. And thanks for responding in good-faith. The only way deal with this is to discuss it.
https://www.google.com/search?q=white+house+leaks&ie=utf-8&oe=utf-8
Really fucking stupid people not thinking about the consequences of their actions.Kind of like how you can respond to the answer to a question with the same question.
The problem is that regular law abiding citizens don't feel safer when there's constantly raids on their grocery store parking lot. They feel like they live in a police state. 
Many states will give you one for free.Not a Republican or a Trump supporter, but when it comes to ID, please its unreal how easy it is (plus all citizens if they are supposed to file taxes, and many poor do for earned income credit).  If you can file taxes, navigate bureaucracy to get assistance (and I must give credit to those who do), you can get a fuckin ID.
Maybe in your state in your city but plenty of GOP controlled states have changed the DMVs to make them less accessible.
White Christian illegal immigrants? You mean conquerors?Are you trying to draw some false weird comparison between an invading army and immigrants? Because you could, but it won't help your case.
You may be too retarded to be using a computer. Columbus broke no laws there were no laws. Mexicans may not be breaking Mexican laws but are most definitely are breaking American laws, hence the term; illegal immigration. 
That is a pretty big assumption based on a single question I asked. Who gets to decide which laws should be enforced and which laws should not? A person by person basis?
They don't harm them - they just take them back to their country of citizenship.
People like you are why I am coming around to the idea that abortions are ok.
Don't worry, I'm sure you'll love living in a mexican slum. Vamas!
I'm sorry people like you that believe in cherry picking laws live here.Perhaps a country that doesn't enforce immigration like Pakistan or Zimbabwe would better suit you.
Yeah, its called a drivers license or state id in any state that is real id compliant. I can also state my ssn without issue if I don't have that.
[deleted]
Godwin's Law everybody. *slow clap*
How so? It's easy to throw around insults so why don't you take a few seconds, dust off that ole' brain of yours and add something of substance to the conversation. I'm expecting a I can't be bothered/it's not worth it to cop out. 
Mom died, dad was a heroin addict, just disappeared one day...presumably dead, but he may have just ran off.  I had grand parents in the states, so I thought that was a great time to get the fuck out of Europe.  I got in to American high school and then worked to become a full citizen to attend uni here.It helped as I was technically an orphan after my mother passed and my father was missing.  
Find them and prosecute according to labor laws...
Well, this was the very first result in my search http://www.cnn.com/2015/07/03/us/san-francisco-killing-suspect-immigrant-deported/You see I don't have a shoe box full of transgressions committed by illegals, You're just wrong...
You shouldn't ask for something that could be easily googled.
[deleted]
I live in kansas. It's as red as ever baby.
Meh, it's the same. The point is those are the same people coming over from Mexico today, the ones who the white people conquered and took land from. You forget that we kicked out all the mezitos in the original Mexican land annexations. Just Because they weren't white. 
Talk about too retarded to be using a computer. Columbus surely broke the lands of those territories he infringed on: http://rapidcityjournal.com/photos/top-atrocities-committed-by-christopher-columbus/collection_76ebb2b8-f63d-11e3-a137-001a4bcf887a.htmlYou say no laws existed, or at least none that you recognize, but that is just your own bias. 
Who gets to decide which human being should be ripped out of their home at gunpoint and separated from their family? What gives your corrupt, fascistic, government that right other than your servile, pathetic, compliance? Yes, bend over and take it. THANK YOU SIR MAY I HAVE ANOTHER!
Good. I support women's rights. 
As opposed to the kingdom of bullshit people like you have constructed? Yeah, I'll take it. 
Da mein fhrer, thankfully this nation isn't full of spineless cowards like you who want to submit to widespread authority abuse. I do not want to live in a society under constant police surveillance, and if you do, why did you come here - go back to whichever shithole you came from and don't ruin our country.
Neither are proof of citizenship. Not all states and territories are REAL ID compliant, so that isn't in option for residents of those states. Furthermore, having a drivers license or state ID is not a requirement, as far as I know. SSNs are also given to non-citizens, and saying an SSN is not proof that it is yours.
Yeah, nope.  Neither of those is proof of citizenship (and in fact, California doesn't check for citizenship in issuing DL's or State ID's).A DL is not considered proof of citizenship by Immigration.  Just try going in and out of the country with only those pieces of ID.  You will be denied entry back into the US for sure, even if you somehow managed to get out.  (I'm speaking of going through a legal entry point).
Do you carry your birth certificate around with you?
...So what's the magic birthright citizenship detector? You're claiming that it is somehow possible to know that you were born in the US without having to carry such documentation.
That was surprisingly fast.
That doesn't apply when the conversation is literally about what happened to the Jewish people. 
Grats on your citizenship, hope you had a party
Wow, your situation sucks. No family members that were US citizens?Depending where you are from, it's not easy immigrating the states. From Europe?
Isn't that what's already happening? 
Because you only have one instance that you are using to show that all immigrants all a danger. I can show you multiple instances of white supremacist terrorists attacks in this country as well. These are all ridiculous arguments to distract from the real conversation. 
I can easily google many terrorist attacks that happened but none of which are the ones you're referencing because those don't exist. 
You know it's massive incorrectly to say it was done just because they weren't white? You know you're pretty obsessed with whiteness?People kicked them off the land, and killed them, because they wanted the land, and they had guns.The concept of whiteness didn't exist for centuries after that, which came from racial sciences. Trust me, even if you were white as the first snow on the plains, if you weren't serving their king/queen, you were treated the same way.
Ok, it is time to let some else use the library computer. 
> Who gets to decideElected officials and the people legally appointed to do so. 
Usually when people break the law they go to jail and if they have a family they are separated. The law has been in place before Obama. These people knew they were breaking the law. They do deserve sympathy but they need to apply for citizenship legally. 
Please try to have a discussion without becoming overly emotional. Being emotional about politics is a major reason people become so divided and aggressive. I think you have a misunderstanding of how immigration laws work. Do you feel that we should allow anyone into the country that wants in without any restrictions?Here is a video talking about why it would be impractical to do so.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LPjzfGChGlE
You won't be missed.
You're being an overreactive bitch.  Get real and back into reality bro.  Shit isn't even close to Nazi Germany.
You can only get an SSN if you have a green card or you're a citizen, right?
California does indeed ask if you are a citizen in order to get a drivers license.  It's a separate form if you are not.
Ok but for the sake of argument, if an immigration officer asked you if you were a citizen and your driver's license as proof, are you really going to correct them so you then give them a reason to arrest you?
The conversation wasn't about Jewish people wtf. Instead of Bowing out and admitting that the redditor you where replying to had a point, you decide to lie or double down on blatant stupidity?
You made it about Jews... no one was talking about Jews before you started talking about Jews.
Lol...I had nobody to party with.  Didn't know anyone and barely spoke English...but I wouldn't trade it for anything in the world. I feel so sorry for young Americans with their romanticized view of the world.  America is the greatest country in the world, bar none.  Those fucking bs ID's know that, that's why they don't fucking leave...but, unfortunately, it's cool for them to pretend America is shitty.Those assholes can go to Spain...but my guess is they like their nice comfy life where the only issues they have are some social justice issues they made up.
Grand parents moved in with their siblings and gained citizenship.They impressed upon me that the only way they would allow me to live with them was to work my ass off, pay for myself, and become a citizen myself...thankfully.
No, in sanctuary city's and much of the southwest the hiring of illegals for illegal wages, while also circumventing income tax is a way of life.  It's technically illegal, but it is barely enforced.  We need to enforce that and deport.  If we make legal immigration the easiest route, it will become the most popular.
Oh ffs, go back to /r/politics where you belong.
American history has been steeped with racism ever since it was founded. Why would you think we were more enlightened in the 1850s, even before the civil war? Are you telling me african and Indian (American kind) as concepts didn't exist back then? But I get that the only way to rationalize the present hatred of illegal immigrants is to deny the past, both where we came from and how we marginalized  the same people we are trying to marginalize now. Frankly, I find that mental gynmnastics disgusting, but I see how it helps them sleep at night. 
This is the first shot. The next shot will be stripping of healthcare and other benefits from federal workers and contractors who are in a gay marriage. When that is done, more will come, all under the guise of morality.
All the Trumpettes told me before the election that Trump was accepting of LGBTQ rights, though.
[removed]
>The next shot will be stripping of healthcare and other benefits from federal workers and contractors who are in a gay marriageThat can't be done under the Constitution, no matter how much bloodlust you might have for it.
Correct. We already have supreme Court judges on the TX supreme Court that have written opinions stating marriage may be a constitutional right but benefits are not.
A man can dream. 
Glad this was appealed. This law could of been used as a loophole for Men to film girls in the womens restroom under the guise of being a female if they claimed that as their gender and dressed up as a female.This was a horrible loophole waiting to happen. It was not a smart law by any means, however im sure the lgbtq community will find a reason to be victimized by this.Btw im gay.
I feel sorry for you. 
Sucked having wire mesh for a mother, huh?
What are you talking about? Same sex couples did not recieve benefits until the Obama administration.
Humans don't deserve equal rights because I disagree with their lifestyle choice
> Btw im gay.Nobody cares.> This law could of been used as a loophole for Men to film girls in the womens restroom under the guise of being a female if they claimed that as their gender and dressed up as a female.Why is it that everyone who is fear-mongering this use men in women's bathrooms rather than women in men's bathrooms?
[removed]
Until Obergefell. That was a ruling that the Constitution requires gay marriage and gay spouses have to get the same benefits as hetero spouses.Neither Congress nor the President can undo that.
Harry harlow.  Educate yourself.
Well... we could amend the constitution. But practically, you are correct.
The supreme court can undo it... I guess most people don't realize this. 
Glad they shot that pesky 76 year old who was trying to defend his own home against who he thought were home invaders because some dipshit dispatcher fucked up. Tax dollars hard at work to a police system I have full faith and confidence in to protect me and my family. 
Strange the news story tells us the name of the gentleman who was shot, but not the gentlemen who did the shooting. 
Are you fucking kidding me?No one is gonna be held accountable for this shit?! What type of goddamn message does that send to the community? Even if we fuck up and shoot you, it's okay?! Fuck you!
So, I gotta ask, what happens to the homeowner when this happens and they cop gets killed because the homeowner actually knows how to  take cover.  I'm not aware of any cases like this, but I'm curious.
All this could be solved with the footage from the cams.. oh right, no cams. If you follow the sequence of events, what the cops claim seems a little to long for the time frame.  Knowing she and her husband had been asleep and had not called 911, she did not believe the men were police officers .. So he goes into his living room with his guns.. The troopers pulled their guns and yelled, State police, upon seeing Sykes point his shotgun at one of them, authorities said.Sykes then aimed his shotgun and revolver toward the other trooper, who fired four shots from his 9mm service handgun, authorities said. So far, am believing this.. had rung the doorbell, knocked on the front door, and yelled that they were responding to a 911 hangup. One of the troopers also shined a flashlight on the other troopers uniform to show they were state police, authorities said. Ok.. the time frame here is , he shows up in living room, they somehow spend a shit ton of time flashing lights at each other while pulling weapons and shooting? 
> He then placed his shotgun on the front porch and walked to the front lawn, where other troopers who had responded handcuffed him until paramedics arrived.Nothing to see here. Armed assailant, standard protocol.Never mind that it's a 76 year old in his front yard with two holes in his chest.
I can't help but think that the guy who was shot didn't have his hearing aids in.  Old man couldn't see them, because he had flashlights in his eyes and Cops assumed he could hear them when (My assumption is that) he couldn't. 
Can random people walk onto the homes of cops and shoot the cop?  It seems fair to me, since cops are allowed to walk into our homes and shoot us.  
>N.J. trooper dispatched to wrong home was justified in shooting owner, authorities sayThis sounds like something the authorities in 1935 Stalinist Russia would say.
Pick up/hang up calls happen all the time first of all. This is the usual response. Go check the residence. The wife admits the officers clearly identified themselves and this guy decides he's gonna shoot at troopers outside his house anyway. Tragic? Yes. Crime? Absolutely not. What would you have the troopers do, they go on a call they get 900 times a night, this guy greets them with weapons drawn.
Good thing everyone had guns to protect their preconceived notions/egos. Otherwise they would have had to each asses the situation and realize their misunderstandings. 
 I agree this is more on dispatch, but.. This shit right here, is why police are not held in high regard. They are RARELY held accountable. There is a line where protect your own stops. Wrong is wrong, but so many departments protect their officers, no matter how wrong they are.
I'm definitely going to get some hate, but it looks like the officers did nothing wrong. They answered a call that was misdirected by a 911 dispatcher. The officers rang the doorbell and identified themselves. True I think the couple were acting in self defense, but I believe the officer was as well. Article states that he saw a gun being pointed in his direction so he fired. That said I do believe the family has a lawsuit for sure. The mistake should never of happened and they deserve some level of justice. 
More people have been killed by police than by terrorists since the year 2000.The biggest threat to our safety are the people providing it.
Well it's not the trooper's fault, you can't really blame him. (Unless I miss u sera told the article).(Almost) all responsibility goes to the dispatcher doesn't it? If the police really thought they were in danger it seems justifiable
>Gerald Sykes, 76 at the time of the incident, was shot twice in the chest and **once in the upper groin**[Goddamit Butters, you don't shoot a guy in the dick....](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qBCDY5XhZng)
The one time I called 911 because my drunk neighbor was in my front yard with a baseball bat threatening to bash my face in, dispatch put me on hold and then disconnected me.  When I called back she gave me attitude for wasting her time Meanwhile drunk neighbor is now hitting my front door with the baseball bat. Cops eventually arrive, arrested drunky mcfucko and as I'm giving my statement I tell him about dispatch hanging up, disconnecting and being a cunt and he says, well you probably did something to cause her to do that Fuck police and dispatch
so these people are investigating a 911 call, a man with a gun is clearly in the house, then they shoot him 4 times and run away? God help the family had this man been an actual intruder. 
NJ Investigates whether they were negligent and determines that they're fine.Wow.And that's why we use juries.
If I get killed by another person I imagine this is how it would go down.  I stay away from fights but would definitely defend myself in the middle of the night.          If you show up at my door with a gun at night you better have a shitload of lights and sirens going or I'm going to assume you're not the police.  EVEN IF YOU SAY YOU ARE.  anybody can SAY anything.Says a lot that I'm more afraid of cops busting in during the night than any other crimes.
Ppl blindly raging without bothering to read the article, SADHis wife, Margot, later told investigators she saw two men on the back deck with flashlights, and heard them saying they were police officers and asking whether anyone had called 911. Knowing she and her husband had been asleep and had not called 911, she did not believe the men were police officers, the Attorney Generals Office said.The troopers, who were standing outside a sliding-glass door that leads into the living room, saw Gerald Sykes on the other side of the door. The troopers pulled their guns and yelled, State police, upon seeing Sykes point his shotgun at one of them, authorities said.Sykes then aimed his shotgun and revolver toward the other trooper, who fired four shots from his 9mm service handgun, authorities said.Yeah thats how you get shot, old man or not
Can anyone in this thread imagine a scenario in which an officer dispatched to the wrong address would be legally justified in killing the person found at the wrong address?Seriously. Try to think of something that would justify an officer shooting someone at a home he was wrongly dispatched to. No really. Think about it. Put yourself in the shoes of an officer dispatched to a home. What would cause you to shoot at someone?I bet you can imagine a scenario where an officer dispatched to an incorrect address would shoot at some one. 
I'm always the first one to criticize the police in cases like these, and also always call for more oversight into police and not having a system where police investigate themselves. That being said, this situation isn't like any now typical case of police abusing their role and authority. Whenever this type of thing happens the police are usually doing sketchy shit on top of the mix up like not announcing they are police, not notifying the home owner of a warrant, etc. That did not happen here. The wife's account of the story proves that the police identified themselves and their intent. They identified themselves as police MORE THAN ONCE before any shots were fired and even explained through the door that they were responding to a 911 hang up and trying to make sure everyone was ok. That's not the story according to the cops, that's the story according to the wife. The husband then pointed the gun at the cops anyway after that because they didn't believe them. That's some bullshit. Those cops actually did their jobs and everything they were supposed to do. Then, while standing outside a home they had every reason to believe a 911 call had just come from, after identifying themselves and explaining themseleves, a guy came out in front of them and pointed a gun at them. It's important to question cops in every situation but it's also important to not let a healthy skepticism of authority mean that no cop is ever going to do anything right ever. This situation, unlike most situations like this that happen in our modern day authoritarian society, was honestly and completely the result of the husbands actions. He was actually the one in the wrong here.
Why does every cop in the US fire so many rounds into people.
What a disgrace.  Do these guys get any training at all?
Dude is lucky to be alive.  Took three bullets.  Too bad he didn't flip on some lights.
I actually don't blame the police officers. This is all a result of living in a wild west/tribal afghanistan type of society. Since most everyone is armed, there is almost never desculation. As soon as someone is on your property at night and you feel threatened, you're allowed to use your guns. Police officers will of course return fire. What do you expect, for them to be shot at? This is our culture. We're armed and scared shitless. I would have handled it differently and called the cops and said there's two people outside my house claiming to be police officers, but I might be the kind of person who ends up dead in a home invasion, and I am sure there's some NRA/police officers on this board who should tell me just to shoot through my door and ask questions later.. This is our culture. School shootings and lots of police killing citizens. But this is the world we want right? We all want to be armed to the teeth correct? It's easy to blame the police, it's easy to blame the victim. But what about our culture? Do they have as many school shootings in Australia or Finland, or the UK? They might not, but they don't have our freedom to protect ourselves from our government, am I right? Or am I wrong? Philosophizing might be useful here, as it in might show utility by lessening suffering and fear.
Why is everybody so annoyed at police. It says right there in the article that the man was armed and pointed his revolver AND shotgun at one policeman! Are they supposed to wait and see if he will blow their colleague's head off or what?The only person to blame is the one in charge of dispatch. Nobody seems to have read the article, or if they did, they were only reading to find confirmation of their opinions on police corruption
We have investigated ourselves, and have found that we did nothing wrong.
Fuck me glad I live in London,less guns,less shootings,simple.
How do you aim both a shotgun AND a revolver at someone?  Something does not add up in this story..
blue lives matter most.cops really didn't think that stolen slogan through.  Worst gang in the US.
I just want to point out if the 76 year old had a heart attack, called 911, and accidentally hung up, the cops prowling the premises would have saved his life. I agree that there is a sickening lack of accountability that needs to be dealt with, but had this been a real emergency where the cops just knocked on the door and left, we would be just as outraged.
Would Mr. Sykes have been justified in shooting them?
Just out of curiosity, the article states that the man shot one of the officers with his shotgun grazing the left elbow of said officer.  Can the state then go after the old man for the officer's injuries?  Assuming there are any of course.
no castle doctrine in NJ. 2nd amendment doesn't exist there.
Of course, what else did you expect?
Life isn't fair, and shit happens.It's a shame that this old timer is now dead, and it's also a sad that the cop(s) that shot him have to be living with this result.Sad for all parties, but sometimes shit just happens and preople die.
Let me guess, the home owner has dark skin and no contributions to political campaigns?
Can't they call the couple and tell them that they're sending someone over? It's 2 am. If robbers answer, they'll probably get the fuck out, but I'd take that over killing innocent people at their home.It's reasonable to react to people outside your home with grabbing a weapon. Why aren't they knocking on the door or ringing the door bell? There's gotta be a better way to alert civilians and get them on the same page as officers
well, i'm already here...can I just kill him?
Good thing Trump passed some executive orders to protect the police. Before he did that, cops were getting gunned down left and right. No DAs would prosecute because those citizens felt afraid, and there's literally no pre-existing laws that give special protection to the police.
>His wife, Margot, later told investigators she saw two men on the back deck with flashlights, **and heard them saying they were police officers** and asking whether anyone had called 911. Knowing she and her husband had been asleep and had not called 911, **she did not believe the men were police officers**, the Attorney Generals Office said.It would have been nice if the police received the right address from dispatch, but it would have also been nice if the wife looked out the window and saw the police cruiser parked outside the home and verified it was cops. At the end of the day, husband's dead and the family will profit off it. Always makes me sick to my stomach.
It's pretty weird that this article only reported the things the cops said making it seem like the old man said nothing the whole time except telling police he thought they were prowlers. He might not have said anything but for some reason I doubt you'd stay quiet in this situation. 
This is another victory for gun owners.  This man showed those intruders what was up.  I'm sure he's very happy with the results. 
Considering the details, it's actually difficult to assign blame to any individual here. I had my pitchfork ready to go, believe me. In any case, the man's window should be paid blood money for what happened. 
The obvious result of a well-armed society that's been fed a steady diet of fear and paranoia from our leaders for decades. People talk about how gun ownership gives them a measure of safety against ne'er-do-wells, but it also makes everyone else less safe when police officers, knowing how prevalent guns are, are all on a hair trigger, knowing that they themselves are exposed.
What county do you live in?
More untouchable cops. Sadly not surprised, shoot people at will, justify it later until the video comes out.
They put a shot man in handcuffs?
Sorry widow, this man's life isn't worth someone losing their job.
I don't know what to make of this. I guess if I see shady people outside my house, I'm gunning them down, fuck the consequences. I can either be a corpse in my own home, or rot in jail for years because shit policemen are in my back yard. I feel for this poor man and his family. Cops need to keep their distance.
They were justified, sadly, I find no wrong doing since he was armed and shot at them. Who I find with blame is the original dispatcher that made the mistake in the first place. 
[deleted]
I'm sure if everyone had more guns in this situation, things would of turned out much better.
I am so glad to live in a country where such shootings are a rarity. 
Welp, there goes the idea of house protection. An officer can come to your home and shoot you, claim dispatched to wrong home and everything is justified. Good going blue, got the trust of the people with this one.
The article says he was shot twice in the chest, but never tells us if he died. Is he dead? And sounds to me that he (homeowner) had no business firing his weapon. Police shine flashlights onto their own uniforms to show they are the police. Wife says she heard them announce they were police. They knock on the door and ring the bell. Yea, sounds like the actions of the typical prowler. Fuck them. Shoot to kill those fuckers while they're still outside ringing the bell.
Oh look, Reddit tough guys going anti-cop, what a shocker.
Some context here: the Dispatch System isn't perfect. When a call comes in, but the caller hangs up before someone can answer, that's concerning. Anything could be happening to that person - kidnapping, overdosing, or little Timmy simply decided to play with Daddy's cell phone. In any scenario, it's better safe than sorry so some police agencies will try to respond and ensure everyone's okay. If it were your loved one trying to make a call for help, wouldn't you want someone to at least *check*?Secondly, if the GPS locator at the Dispatch Center can't pinpoint a call, it'll try to find what cell tower it came from. Because it can't provide an exact location, it'll give an estimate. So it'll roughly say, This call came from within 500 feet of this location (Cell Tower). Coincidentally, it appears there was a house(s) within that estimated perimeter. To the Dispatcher/Police, the 911 Hang-Up could have pinged off the tower or come from one of the houses nearby. To at least *attempt* to make sure someone is okay, it appears they dispatched the Troopers to the estimated location.**Hindsight is 20/20. We can't judge what happened based on what we know *now* about the case - that is was a series of unfortunate events precipitated by a miss-dial. We have to look at what was known *then*.**  Troopers are dispatched to possible emergency. They don't know if it's real or not. They identify themselves and are in uniform. The wife even admits she heard them ID themselves. Troopers say they ring the doorbell, knock on the front door, and shine a light to illuminate their uniforms. A man appears armed with two weapons, pointing a shotgun at one of them. Of course, know one knows it's a misunderstanding. All they know is that there might be trouble near this address and now there's a man pointing a shotgun at them.The Troopers have a right to defend their lives just as the Husband did to defend his property. The problem here is that the Husband aimed at them with his weapon after they identified themselves as police. The Troopers don't have to wait until the Husband shoots one of them before defending themselves - as they shouldn't. What if the Husband was suicidal and called police to instigate a shoot-out? What if he was having a dementia episode and thought he was back in the war? What if he was a burglar being caught in the act? The Troopers didn't know. All they knew is that the show up, identify themselves, and the Husband appears and aims down his sights at them.It's an unfortunate situation and I'm not saying anyone here deserved to be shot. But as far as whether the Troopers are guilty of misconduct or of an unjustified shooting just isn't the case. They were doing their job to the best of their ability and contemporary knowledge. Unfortunately, the Husband didn't believe they were police and chose to point his weapon at them. The Troopers chose to defend their lives.
  Note:  Donald wants more protection for the police.   More killings by police, more oops or typical Cop CYA.      The US will soon cease to be a democracy and become instead a police state.
s     s s   s   s 's s.    s     
Guns are for cowards so suck shit.
This would have played out very different in England:Police: Hello, hello, hello, what's going on here then?Man: I say, so sorry I didn't call the policePolice: oh dear, so sorry. We'll just be off then.Man: Sorry, shall I pop the kettle onPolice: Splendid. 
Sounds like they were trespassing to me.  They had no right to be there.
Working in emergency dispatch, the first response to any complaint about the police when they have no excuse is, Dispatch fucked it up. 
/r/YourTaxDollarsAtWork 
Accidents happen. The article doesn't say what what was the purpose of the investigation. The initial question is usually whether or not the officer should be criminally responsible. They say no, there is a defense of justification, self defense. This is not the same as saying that it should have happened.If it happened the way the officers say it happened, then yes, it was self defense. That doesn't mean that the old man wasn't also justified. It just means the cop doesn't get charged with aggravated assault. Self defense is about having a reasonable belief that you or someone else is in imminent danger of serious bodily injury or death. It is possible that everyone involved may qualify for that.Civil liability is another matter. The individual officers might not be at fault beyond a reasonable doubt... But the government (maybe even the individual officers) could still be liable for the negligence that caused this incident.Also, three shots to the torso with a 9mm, and he's still able to call 911 and explain what happened? That old man is an old man of steel!
Am I the only one who understands the police's reaction? Your sarcasm fails to point out that that 76 year old dude had a shotgun and a revolver and literally took aim at police. What, are they supposed to wait and see if he kills them?
They shot a guy that pointed a shotgun at them after identifying themselves as the police several times. They went to the front door. Identified themselves. They went around back. Identified themselves. They shined a light on the uniform. They respond to a 911 call. They have no idea what's going on. After all of their efforts in identifying themselves the guy points a shotgun at them. Your that cop. What would you do?
So you would rather that one or both the police officers get shot?
[deleted]
Just remember that we put this kind of unchecked power into the hands of Trump. 
Did you even read the article or just the headline?   The officers announced themselves several times.  The guy just didn't believe that they were actually police and decided to shoot at the officers anyway.  Think before you speak.  
blue lives matter!!!11 he was just trying to get home to his family!^/s
Why would a criminal gang expose the name of their member who shot an innocent civilian three times while the innocent was in their home?  They don't want any repercussions from other gangs or some kind of vigilante.A legitimate police force would not shoot unless shot at.
That's because he didn't do anything wrong; he had no way of knowing that the info given to him was not correct, and that he was not at the right house. 
You and 80+ other people clearly didn't read the article. He pointed a gun at the officer. What was the trooper going to do? Stand there and take a bullet or defend himself?Let me ask, what would you do in this situation?
It says they can do whatever they want.* Look to the LAPD when they were looking for a large black male suspect who killed the daughter of a police commissioner. All the radio stations were joking about the jury pool because everyone knew, KNEW the LAPD was just going to straight up murder this guy. Mind you this is before they catch him.Two cops shoot up a truck that is the wrong make, wrong model, wrong color, with two small Mexican women in it. Something like 70 bullets, i.e. multiple reloads. Within days, ruled good shooting and these guys put back on the hunt.Find the suspect in a cabin in a state / national park. FBI are there. Mic'ed up. place burns to the ground and the suspect ends up being shot in the forehead. On one of the FBI recordings an unknown voice says something like Burn this mother fucker out. I.e. the police started the fire, then when he surrender shot him in the face.OK that's the LAPD, well nobody else is that bad...* DEA convinces a man in Texas to steal his bosses semitruck to participate in a drug deal. That is the is a Confidential informant, working with the DEA on DEA orders mind you. To take the truck he drives for work, unlawfully south to mexico border to try to buy drugs.Stuff goes bad. He dies in a shootout. Truck is shot to shit.Owner of truck who has no Idea about DEA was never informed of the sting operation etc sues them to have the damage paid for. (Mind you this is after he tried normal insurance routes but everyone declined because the truck was being used in a criminal act which they don't have to pay for. Even though, again, the DEA was fully aware and in charge of the operation.)Judges says he has no cause to sue the DEA. They are not responibale.* Even better:Dea is doing two house raids at the same time. Fucks up on one of them goes into the wrong house. Shoots an innocent in the arm.The people try to sue but because the DEA agents would not give their names (black masks and all that.) but instead say they are team 11 (I think) the lawsuit cannot proceed. You have to sue an individual not the DEA as a whole. The DEA of course does not cooperate in saying who was at the wrong house, all officers involved state they were at the other house (i.e. everyone says they were on the other team) and the lawsuit runs out of time to file because the DEA knowingly protected a fuck up.* These are just the 3 I'm willing to type up with other stuff to do. I'll link the info below. But we need body cams that don't shut off, jail time for cops that kill, firing for cops that protect their brothers by lying in sworn statements. When the idea of a good cop is different for a police officer (I.e. not crossing the blue line) and the general public, we need to rework the system.* police need individual insurance policies so that when they are sued the money comes from there instead of tax dollars. This does two things makes bad cops uninsurable like medical malpractice insurance makes drunk surgeons too big a risk there fore so expensive to insure they can't work. And 2 it allows the public to be paid without taking it from general taxpayers.* Here is the heavily cleaned up Wikipedia version of events in the first case. i.e. very cop friendly.https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Christopher_Dorner_shootings_and_manhuntyou can do more research and find the fbi recordings where the cops say (excuse me an unknown person at the cabin where only the lapd and fbi were) Let's burn him out. Then they shoot the flamer canisters in. Of which they later state they did not burn down the cabin on purpose...[Sorry it was police scanner radio traffic, not an FBI recording.](https://www.theguardian.com/world/us-news-blog/2013/feb/13/did-the-police-start-fire-that-killed-christopher-dorner)As is plainly clear when we hear the audio they were attempting to burn him out. i.e. set the place on fire and get him to come out.Unfortunately I've run out of time I'll link the other two when I can get back to it if you're interested.
It sends the message that the torch of freedom that was carried by Dorner, Frein, and MXJ must again be picked up.  
This has been happening for decades. 
What would you have done if you were in the officers shoes? What did you expect him to do differently? Should the dispatcher be jailed up for making a typo? What do you think is justice? 
I'm not sure what happens if an officer dies, but recently a man in Texas was found not guilty after shooting 3 cops who performed a no knock raid in the middle of the night at his house looking for a younger male relative that lived there.  The 3 officers weren't seriously hurt iirc, but the kicker is I believe the man was held in jail almost 2 years before a jury acquitted him.  Long story short is you're  screwed even if in them right and It would take a jury of peers to free you.
The homeowner goes to jail for murder. It's happened more than a couple of times.
It really depends on the state. When I was living in TN, there was a big story about some good ole boys that shot two cops for trespassing. The cops didn't have a warrant, so the good ole boys were released and charges dropped. They then proceeded to hang big pictures of the cops' faces, X'd out along with a banner that said COPS STAY OUT (or something similar). Cops haven't fucked with em since, as far as I know. 
If you shoot outside your home at police who've clearly identified themselves because you chose not to believe them? Nothing good.If they enter your home illegally or without identifying themselves *and* it turns out they really didn't have reason (like a bad address) then there are at least several states where you'll be fine. Assuming you survive to see a judge, which is a different problem. That happened in Oklahoma last year. Guy shot the Chief of police three times after they entered without a warrant and without identifying themselves. Dude backed them out of the home and held them off from a superior position, then immediately surrendered when they ID'd themselves. He got no charges and a public apology from the department, plus the Chief (who survived) lauding him as an example of home defense. So it depends.
It worked out for basil parasiris, in montreal canada of all places.https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Basil_Parasiris
Depends on where you are. Most locations, you'd be going to jail for shooting a cop and those charges would likely stick. Some locations (Texas I think) allows for you to shoot anyone if they wrongfully bust into your house, including cops.
Well if the officers truly did do everything they said to identify themselves then there is no justification for shooting them.
In Texas that happened to a man and he was justified in the shooting of the officers because they had the wrong house and didn't announce themselves as police. He killed one of them.
Body cams is such a good/obvious idea for protecting both citizens and officers that it is absolutely fucking absurd that every pd isn't using them now.      Edit:  I mean in this case, oh somebody fucks up and now the officer is dealing with somebody hostile because he was thrust into a stupid situation and an innocent man gets killed.  All we hear is a police officer kills a 76 year old guy who was just protecting his home.  That's awful - but maybe if he had a camera we could assess the situation and be like okay, the officer was doing his job and then experienced some severely frightening moments where it was kill or be killed for him.  He didn't choose to be sent to the wrong place.  It's understandable.  But we can't know for sure what happened because there's no footage - all we have is the headline which does not look good.  
Wait, this 76 year old man was *dual wielding* a revolver and a shotgun?
There's nothing to solve.
I forgot the old man could cure bullet holes with his bare hands, shoot it only he could've gotten them free the paramedics wouldn't have needed to come.
You're probably 100% right. That, on top of old peoples' reactions being slow.
This needs to be higher. All along I was thinking why point your shotgun if they're calling out 'state troopers' and identifying themselves?great point. 
No but other cops can.  Like if a good cop was going to tattle on a regular cop, and the regular cop found out, the regular cop could get some other regular cops together and they could all go to the good cop's house and shoot him.
What's random about this? The cops were told to respond to a specific location. Failure to do so would be a dereliction of duty. 
when this happens the cops shoot them. Often it is there own children / family members sneaking home. You can google this. but there is a highly likelihood that a cop shoot his own family member than other gun owners.
That's a great argument  
> The wife admits the officers clearly identified themselves Anyone can shout police!.>and this guy decides he's gonna shoot at troopers outside his house anywayThey shot first. Or 'these cops thought they gonna shot at a homeowner inside his house anyway'.>What would you have the troopers doNot shoot a homeowner in his own house.
Kudos to you for actually reading the article and noticing that the wife admitted the police identified themselves before the shooting took place.
Not fire until fired upon. It could still go badly, but there's a much greater chance to actually talk out the situation and resolve it. If there are any casualties, they are more likely to be the people who knowing put themselves into a potentially dangerous situation, i.e. the police, not random civilians.
Nah, they probably would have bludgeoned each other to death with slabs of concrete they ripped up from the sidewalk before they'd resort to something so desperate and depraved as talking it out.
If only the homeowner's dog had been armed. Then, things could have been resolved peacefully.
The family definitely has a lawsuit against the state. I can't imagine what a good cop would be going through after a call like this, though. 
This shows we need to change the officers response. Shooting first is what causes these issues. If we are going to support the 2A in this country, then the officers should expect all citizens to be responsible gun owners and need to behave accordingly. 
I'd rather the cop die every time as opposed to an innocent civilian. At the very least the have armor on.
I think they'll win a lawsuit because the state doesn't want to fight it in court -- like most law suits, its often cheaper to just settle out of court, especially since cities have, I believe, a form of insurance for lawsuits specifically.But legally, I don't think these guys have a leg to stand on. Police get dispatched to the wrong place all the time -- it usually doesn't lead to a gun fight, so I don't you'd win a lawsuit on the basis of them showing up without being needed.As far as the gunfight itself goes -- sounds like the troopers identified themselves excessively as it is and this old dude just couldn't get it through his head. If you don't believe they're real cops, your option is to call 911 and ask if they've dispatched real cops -- you don't get to threaten them with guns and assume they're bad guys out to get you.
It seems that the individual officers were in the right just as the homeowner but department not so much. It's just unfortunate that an honest mistake can lead to someone loosing their life, but that's just nature of policing. This sounds like an honest mistake but since the police have a terrible record of cover ups for the bad cops this comes off bad also. If police departments cracked down on the bad apples more I'd think the honest mistakes would he more understood by everyone. 
More people have been killed by preventable diseases (or your choice of social issue) due to poor allocation of taxes used to pay under trained cops. Would have been a better choice of words since terrorists have nothing to do with cops. 
Are we ignoring actual murderers?
5990900 times more people killed by blacks than the police in the US in that time.
> More people have been killed by police than by terrorists since the year 2000.That's because all the terrorists are on the other side of a fucking ocean. 
Are you shedding tears for all of the thugs killed in justifiable shootings?
No. The dispatcher made a regrettable mistake, but not responsible for what transpired at the residence. 
Lol what? Probably not worth to file a report? This would be 1st page local news in my country.
take it to the media. anytime some incompetent phone bitch hangs up on a 911 call and the story gets picked up by the news, phone bitch is fired almost asap and an apology is delivered. and remember, they record phone calls, so it'd be evidence against her.
Well they ran away because one of them got hit; they waited for backup.
Yeah nah. Old guy who just woke up. Someone yells and says they are cops, are you really going to believe them? Fuck that. Cops should have backed off and re-assessed the situation first and not gone in with guns blazing
> Put yourself in the shoes of an officer dispatched to a home. What would cause you to shoot at someone?Since there will be no repercussions, who needs a cause?
How about this scenario, where the police goes to someones house to check on them, announce their presence, then get a shotgun pointed at them. Do you really expect them to just wait and see if he pulls the trigger?
If he was black?  Is that what you want me to say?
I don't 100% agree that it was his fault. I agree that the officers did their due diligence and responded accordingly to the situation tho. Anyone woken in the middle of the night like this assumes the worst so he reacted accordingly also. This to me is just one honest mistake, the nature of police work just means the honest mistakes could cost someone's life. The mistake being that they showed up what I understand to wrong house. And just like any job honest mistake shouldn't be severely punished. It could be punished but don't have enough facts to say in this case if it should. 
There's actually a reasonable answer to that particular question. You're trained to keep putting rounds center mass until the threat stops. There is no time to shoot once and wait to see what happens- chances are you aren't even certain if you're hitting. And the victim sometimes doesn't even know they've been shot!I'm not defending the cops; this is just a Hollywood myth that bugs me. There's no guarantee any caliber round will instantly drop someone. Case in point - a man in his seventies was able to walk outside and surrender after taking three 9mm wounds. Guns are killing tools. It's actually cruel and unsafe to shoot to maim. Only time I've ever seen that is with a suicide threat. 
Because we're all armed to the teeth, and a wounded citizen with a gun is still a threat.
Yes. Unfortunately, the training involves brainwashing them into beleiveing that any situation is already escalated and everyone and everything will kill them if they don't shoot it, first. 
Should we tell him? 
> Why is everybody so annoyed at policethey shot a homeowner in his own home from his lawn through his glass door...
Untill the French inevitably show up...
I was wondering the same thing.
This is just the BLM crowd beating their meat over the evil pigs.I hope each and every one of these people end up needing cops at one point in their life, and die because they didn't come. Honestly, it's probably their chosen way tp go too.
for knocking on a door?
You didn't read the article? He didn't die. 
He's an old white guy, which you would have seen if you had even glanced at the actual article.
Is this sarcasm, or are you delusional?
He's not dead. 
I don't think he died. It says he was cuffed until paramedics came, and at the end he's quoted saying he still supports the police 100% but incidents like this really shouldn't happen
They did. 
So what are you saying, [guns are for show and knives](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UyCzZH_hFlA) for a pro or something?
Apparently you can't read
Claiming officer safety works as well. I thought they were a threat.
As someone who has called 911 many times, maybe they wouldn't say that if you people didn't fuck up everything you touched. I can't stand 911 dispatchers anymore. Oh, a civilian has a serious safety concern after a previous incident? Better treat the citizen as arrogantly as possible, blow it off and ignore the call. When I call 911, I feel like I'm dealing with retarded people. I really do. 
No but in the article the dispatcher *actually* fucked up and transferred a call to the wrong department or whatever. It was actually the dispatcher's fault this time. They might get more than their fair share of undue blame, but this time it was the dispatcher. 
Sounds like a dispatcher who's been caught fucking up before.
The problem is that the incident would not have happened without the carelessness of either the officers or dispatch.I understand they legally had the right to defend themselves but the only reason that happened was they came onto an innocent citizen's property.There is very little in terms of consequences for carelessness of officers which is a moral hazard.
If you don't have the right to be there, is it still self-defense?
Wait, they are in his garden guns and torch drawn and shoot the resident and you think they are justified?
Not the guy's fault. From the sounds of it, it sounds like he thought it was a home invader. People have the right to defend themselves and their property. Police who fuck up and break into people's homes should not have that right.
They're in their late 70s and were asleep all night. Without guns they definitely would not have been able to defend themselves against anyone who would've been a home invader. It's probably far more likely, they thought, that it would be home invaders trying to rob an elderly couple as opposed to cops being sent to the wrong house. I don't fault them at all and in their age I doubt they want to take any risks with robbers or thieves.  And like the other guy said, criminals have used that tactic before, which is why the couple was so suspicious still. 
Yeah because criminals never use dirty tactics, including pretending to be police. 
Honestly it's still the cop's fault for showing up at the wrong place.I mean if I were gonna kill a guy I'd definitely say I was the police in hopes he would believe me and I could just blast him.Just playing devil's advocate here.Maybe it was actually totally justified. I just have a hard time believing that. This is why body cams are a good idea.
[removed]
The cops were on his property unsolicited and shot into his home after seeing him with a firearm. He only shot after being shot at. He has the right to carry a firearm in his own home.
>  The officers announced themselves several times. No,  The officers *claim* they announced themselves.  Of course, it was the middle of the night, and people were sleeping. So the cops (alleged) 'announcement' probably wasn't heard by the SLEEPING residents.>The guy just didn't believe that they were actually police Knowing she and her husband had been asleep and had not called 911, she did not believe the men were police officers.  I'm sure the man thought similarly.  It's a quite logical assumption.
I know you feel some sort of weird duty to defend your own, but this isn't really isnt the time or place. Situations like this is why people are distrustful of you. But why you try and defend it, that's why people don't like you. Try and take some of your own advice, and think before you speak. You aren't making anyone look good here, ya know?
The guy never shot at the cops.  Where did you get that from? 
[deleted]
I am sure that is the case. I just was wondering what his name is. 
So he could slip right out of that blue.
I mean, both those things can be true, and this story still be outrageous. 
The names, training and conduct of public employees are matters of public record under well-established custom and law. When we know which of our policemen are trigger-happy we might see patterns, we might wish to reward them. Surely if the police have nothing to hide they would be pleased to share the information. 
All legitimate police forces are trained to shoot when a gun is pointed at them. The idea of waiting to be shot at is just silly and obviously ineffective in practise. There are problems with corruption in the police force, but this instance does not exemplify that. If you point a gun at someone, police officer or not, don't be surprised when they shoot first. 
> A legitimate police force would not shoot unless shot at.What world are you living in? And do you believe self-defense is only justified if you use equal or lesser force? I mean for civilians by the way.
People like you are the reason it's not getting publicised.
>A legitimate police force would not shoot unless shot at. Read the article. The guy refused to believe people identifying themselves as police were police. He then pointed and fired a weapon at people who were *outside* while he was inside. I'm as critical of police as anyone, vocally so, but they were drawn and fired on without entering the home. That's about as justified as it gets. Now if they'd just let themselves in or forced their way in and he shot them out would be a different scenario. But that's not what happened. 
I am sure he acted correctly. I am eager to learn the officer's name. 
Uh, identify myself and de-escalate the situation.  Nobody needs to die. 
Ya'll mothafuckas need Batman.
You should remind people about asset forfeiture, the countless sexual assaults, /r/puppycide also that the 13th amendment moved slavery from the plantations to the prisons where mass incarceration has happened. Y'all think immigrants stealing the jobs? What about the prisons stealing the jobs? Mention how many klansmen, neo Nazis have infiltrated police departments, the time Philadelphia police dropped a bomb on a building in 1985. The erosion of civil liberties, how child rapist billionaire of the DuPont family won't go to prison, but the poor sure will. Prisons themselves being a practice of complete tyrannical psychopathic behavior. All the while the economy is unstable, workers rights, healthcare, education under attack,  environmental health in danger, and maybe people can start connecting some dots. 
Don't mess with the biggest gang
i'm wary of police violence and coverup against innocent civilians as anyone else but sorry i don't have any respect or remorse for Dorner. He hunted and killed the innocent daughter and her boyfriend of his own freakin attorney, in cold blood as payback for a corrupt system. If you have beef with someone, go sue or go take a bat to the guy's car or threaten him face to face, but stalking and slaying a young girl who's done nothing to you is just cold. We're not talking about a drive-by where she was caught in the crossfire, Dorner ambushed and assassinated her.
That man is an American hero. 
So much for innocent till proven guilty 
My friend who was ex-FBI got into a stand off in Texas.  His wife woke him in the middle of the night because their were people in the yard.  This is Texas so he was heavily armed and went to check it out.  His wife calls 911 and they tell her nobody should be in the yard.  Next thing you know my friend has his .45 pointed at a mans head.  This escalates the unidentified man says he's a cop, my friend tells him he doesn't give a shit and he's in the wrong place.  It escalates to the street where there are more cops, apparently they were getting ready to serve a warrant on another home.  My friend isn't backing down and neither are the cops, now the neighbors get into this and again this is Texas and the people are heavily armed and don't like the police that much.  In the end the police backed down and left.
Then that should be the standard. Throw these police officers in jail for two years and let them back out after a jury acquits them.
Depends on the state. Indiana has a law protecting you from that. 
You didn't specify so I need to ask. Were the 2 cops killed or just wounded and recovered? If they were killed, then I couldn't think of a more disrespectful thing to do than what those guys did, hanging up their pictures with X's like that.
Let me correct that. It is a good idea to protect both (Law abiding) citizens and (Law abiding) officers...You see the problem here.
> > > > > Edit: I mean in this case, oh somebody fucks up and now the officer is dealing with somebody hostile because he was thrust into a stupid situation and an innocent man gets killed. The old man lived, actually. 
Is what it said. He but a bit more into Dex, but apparently not enough into Dodge. 
Shoot I forgot that officers can show decency in the case of an obvious accident on both sides, and the man has given up his weapons. Instead of handcuffing him and leaving him out there to bleed, how about rendering first aid?
Because he hadn't done anything illegal, so why the hell would the police be here??Because cops don't generally sneak around peoples back yards, trying to break into houses?
> This needs to be higher. All along I was thinking why point your shotgun if they're calling out 'state troopers' and identifying themselves?He thought they were burglars, not state troopers. 
Why did they respond with weapons? If someone is defending themself, the cop has the duty to accept getting shot.  If they don't accept that duty, execute them.  The cop has no right to self defense here.
do you have any data to back up those claims other than saying, just google it? I'm sure it has happened but not nearly at the rate that you're implying.
That's the dumbest thing I've ever heard. That's not how any police department is trained at all. You possess a gun, sure we can talk. You point it at them, play time is over.
>It could still go badly You don't say... That's a terrible idea. 
The 2a doesn't give you the right to point a gun at a cop
Holy shit, are you serious? Just because someone is a cop they are more qualified to die? Answer me something. What the actual fuck is wrong with you?
That is true.  I've been told that even if someone pulls you over and you feel as if they might not be cops, the proper action would be to call 911.  I'm under the impression that they can sue base on the fact that dispatch mistakenly gave the wrong info to the police which led to the shooting. I could be wrong though. I'm not a lawyer. 
I agree. There are definitely bad apples throughout law enforcement and the need to be exposed. It's unfortunate that there really is no governing body that will bad apples and departments that protect them. You could argue that Internal Affairs is there for that reason, but clearly it isn't working. 
And car crashes and suicide and preventable diseases and smoking 
I wasn't exactly sure what happens from the article (I think I was tired when I read it+Poorly written) but it seemed that the owners thought they were being robbed, the man grabbed hit shotgun and was shot by police.The police couldn't have really shouted It's the police because if it was the house of a criminal they would've probably been shot so had to just go in and hope for the best without warning the occupant I don't know what the officer should've done instead  (unless I miss-understood it)
They didn't go in guns blazing. In good faith they were investigating a 911 hangup, identified themselves multiple times, and the resident did not lower his shotgun. 
>Yeah nah. Old guy who just woke up. Someone yells and says they are cops, are you really going to believe them?If they're dressed like [this](http://wrnjradio.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/05/state-police.jpg), probably. 
They didn't go in which is the entire point. They were well within the law while the homeowner was not. You can't claim a danger to life from someone who's *outside* your locked home, especially when you're rushing to confront.Even if they hadn't been cops this guy would be boned in court in NJ since that state has duty to retreat in their defense laws. 
> It's actually cruel and unsafe to shoot to maim.probably less cruel and safer than, you know, killing someone...
Yes, but I feel like 4 9mm rounds from that distance is a bit excessive. Even if he only hit 3. 
I did a two day security class to get my security guard license and it was run by the local police academy. A training officer led the class and holy shit you are right. He made everything sound like it would be life or death. Used a lot of violent language, told us to basically assume all situations were already escalated. We spent so much of the class just being told what kind of situations allowed force or lethal force... It was crazy, I couldn't believe how insane he sounded the whole time - mind you that this was an old grizzled cop, been on the force 30 year or some shit. If that's the kind of training kids get entering the police force, for way more than a little tow day class, it's no wonder we're fucked
That isn't the training. Training actually involves looking at a situation and using the appropriate response in relation to what is happening. What people do in the field might be slightly different due to stress, biases, perception, lack of willingness to follow training, etc.
Okay, what would you have done? You don't seem to mind dying much mate
*It's comin' right for us!*
Because somebody pointing a shotgun at you isnt a threat?
Pointing gun at a cop makes you a threat
I have to ask. How many times have you called 911? I'm 33 and pretty sure I've only called once. This is a serious question btw. Maybe you call a lot and they know you by now... 
I wonder if they feel the same about you.*sigh* it's u/lord_of_the_kittens again.Sir, I told you the last time it is not appropriate  to call 911 to explain Mr Fluffy's concerns about Midnight crossing your path on purpose.
I had to come out with my hands up after calling 911 due to a dispatcher mistake.I called to report a crime in progress and somehow that got translated to me calling to brag about committing a crime. Cops didn't draw on me but they hand their hands on their weapons and were shouting for me to walk out slowly with my hands up.
Maybe you should save that line for emergencies.
Lol, how many times you call 911? And what for? Cause let's be real... frequent flyers are gonna get the run around. At least in my DU, They're gonna send a cop to you, but they're not sending a cop in blind. I'll dispatch a unit to a location but they're not going in unless they have back up or more information. And they ask certain questions in a certain order so they get the severity of the situation quickly and don't get sued. We don't have gps. We can't pin point you on a map. If you say just send someone, trust me we want to. But we have to know where to send help. They repeat questions because in your panicked/ pissed/ rude state your answers aren't always right. You might say Main Street when you meant main avenue. Dispatchers have to listen to people worst moments of their lives, they'll administer CPR for a child drowning and then pick up the next line to Johnny on the street bitch about a parking ticket. It's literally the dispatchers job to help you. So keep calling 911. They'll send you help whenever you need it 
Your comment, especially the first paragraph, makes me feel the same about you, so I guess we're even.
As a dispatcher answering hundreds of calls a day, I feel the same way
Come sit at an e911 console and try dispatching sometime.
Ex mid-shift mall security supervisor here. Communication can fail spectacularly; I don't describe the scene well enough to my dispatcher; things can get rushed when you're dealing with a heart attack or an assault or a vehicle fire; the dispatcher messes up the call to LAPD or LAFD; their dispatcher misses something and sends one unit or a unit from too far away; it's hit or miss on a weekend in L.A. That said, 90% of calls were responded to in minutes, and maybe 10% of calls you wait 15, 20, 30 minutes for a response. 
Still waiting on your reply to I have to ask. How many times have you called 911? I'm 33 and pretty sure I've only called once. This is a serious question btw. Maybe you call a lot and they know you by now...
That's because most americans are assholes nowadays.
The dispatcher didnt shoot anyone.
>Cumberland County's emergency dispatch center answered the call and tried to transfer it to the state police. But the county dispatcher hit the wrong button and accidentally transferred the call to Vineland, which has its own dispatch center.>The transfer was quickly canceled but came through to Vineland as a call that lasted two seconds, the Attorney Generals Office said. A Vineland dispatcher interpreted the call as a 911 hangup, looked up the location  which came up as the cell tower next to Sykes home  and alerted state police.If you want to assign blame then it was the police for not questioning the address location before attempting to enter the residences next to it. Dispatch may have mistakenly transferred the call to another dispatcher and then disconnected realizing the mistake. The other dispatch that received the call interpreted the call as a hang up filing it as a 911 hang up and sent police. I don't know but that sounds like a procedure. So we can assume they were correct in sending the police. When the police arrived at the correct address they should have seen that it was a cell tower. Here either the police officer didn't read the address correctly or he misinterpreted the cell tower location as Sykes' home. This is the mistake that are most at fault, not the call & hang up dispatch to dispatch. Dispatch is not on the ground out in the field. The police are. Why didn't the police call dispatch and re-confirm the address. If it re-confirmed to a cell tower then why did the police re-interpret an automated generation of a address as a different location? This was a hang up call not someone calling in to report problems from across the street. There should have been no need to interpret the address at all. And if police are justified using deadly force in situations where they have no evidence and no probable cause (does a hang up give the police probable cause?) then we're all in fucking trouble. 
No, just represent an agency that gets tired of pulling tape because some random citizen went to the SO to complain and got redirected to the county judge-executive. The good thing, almost everything we do is recorded.
When you're a police officer, you're duty bound to investigate whatever calls you're dispatched on. They didn't just pick some random persons house to go to, it was a 911 call they reasonably believed was at that address. Cops can't walk away from potential crimes or emergencies until they've satisfied that everyone is safe. 
> The problem is that the incident would not have happened without the carelessness of either the officers or dispatch.You have to decide which one it was before you can blame it on the officers.
The officers were not careless. 
Police officers have the right to respond to burglary calls. If they get given the wrong address, that's not their problem. 
Right to be there? They had an obligation to be there.
Try rereading.
The policeman in question wasn't the one who fucked up. Someone pointed a shotgun at him and he defended himself. This is what happens when people are given permission to own guns to shoot anyone who enters their property
If his first instinct was to call 911 to say there are prowlers at his home and THEN got his gun this event could have been avoided.  If the article is true and both parties did what they said they did then this is a tragic incident caused by two understandably twitchy people.  I can find fault with both parties.Yes the elderly couple has a right to defend his home.  The police had every reason to suspect they were entering a dangerous situation and they had no idea if the man with guns in a home that had a 911  hang-up was the home owner who had just woke up.On the other hand the man could have called 911 to verify officers were there at his home (or at least that there were prowlers at his home) took defensive position and wait for police to come (where dispatch would have verified the officers identities).  However as he had just woken up and this was a high adrenaline situation it's understandable that he was not thinking rationally at the time.Too many people are trying to use this incident to push their own agenda (be it pro or anti police, pro or anti gun control, pro or anti castle doctrine) when this was an unfortunate incident where everyone made mistakes.
Shoot everyone, got it.
How is it the cops fault for being sent to the wrong place?? If anyone's fault blame the dispatch. 
Apparently a light slap on the wrist and the absolving of any wrongdoing for shooting you...?
You get killed and my name doesn't even show up in the article.  Good for you.
Seriously, anyone who supports gun rights should be really upset about this.  It basically allows officers to see you armed in your home and start shooting. 
I'd imagine he feels pretty bad. 
Way to assume some ridiculous shit there, chief
My guess is that most cops aren't going to speak up about it for the same reason that soldiers don't speak up about it - saying that you have PTSD is just asking to ruin your career.
While it's true you should ever point a gun at something you intend to kill or destroy, actually firing a weapon is a very clear escalation from that.  The police will often murder innocents who were not even armed.  This instance does in fact exemplify corruption in the police force, they shot the innocent three times.>If you point a gun at someone, police officer or not, don't be surprised when they shoot first. The dual meaning before this line should not be lost on you.  If and only if they do in fact fire first, then would a legitimate police force return fire.
Still murder though.  The guy was using his rights, the police didn't have a right to be there in the first place.
Which makes them guilty of aiding and abetting an individual who abused their power and put three bullets into an innocent civilian that was in their own home.  Too many rotten apples in that bunch.
You read the article. the guy didn't fire the gun until after the police did
RTFA.They identified themselves multiple times. The wife heard them, didn't believe them, went and told her husband who then went to a glass door and pointed a weapon at them. He then fired that weapon. If you want to stand there while someone is trying to kill or severely injure you and repeat what you've already said multiple times, go ahead. But don't expect others to do the same. This isn't even a case of them not giving time to react or not making themselves clear. They were heard and understood, and he chose to point and fire a weapon at them anyway. 
Batman is always on the side of the police, or at least law and order. He doesn't do anything to disrupt the system. What we need is a Punisher, except instead of going after street level crime, he only takes on high level, governmental and business corruption.
Batman wears Black, ISIS wears black, therefore Batman is ISIS ^^/s ^^^^duh
First Bane, than Batman...
[ICYMI](https://youtu.be/Z1SKm1hTWq0)
Police and bombs are much more recent. A police semi-autonomous robot (i.e. bomb disarming robot) was ironically fitted with an explosive and driven close to a suspect and blown up recently in Texas.
So in your mind it is ok if the police force uses its own morals instead of the law to judge weather or not a person deserves human rights, legal consul, etc?Why don't we just make all Judge Dreds then? Why have a court system or laws if the outrage of the arresting officer is enough to warrant killing a suspect.
There are people in our country who hold a person guilty of being a terrorist just because they were born in the 'wrong' part of the world.  Innocent until proven guilty?  That's just a bullshit phrase.  So you just go on ahead and stamp your form, sonny, and stop wasting my time.  Truth is, America doesn't give a shit.
What happened later?
Too bad the rest of Indiana is a flaming pile of shit.Source: former resident
Thank God.
Rare footage of Hoosiers actually reasonable.
It's pretty disrespectful to enter someone's property as an agent of the state without a legal right (warrant).
They were killed. The disrespect was the point. Hell, if two armed intruders came into my home, and I killed them (as would be my right due to castle laws in TN) only to be thrown in jail, labeled as a cop killing murderer by the media/public, and then told that I did nothing wrong.... I'd probably feel like disrespecting some cops too.
> I couldn't think of a more disrespectful thing to do than what those guys did, hanging up their pictures with X's like that.[police got you covered fam](http://www.miamiherald.com/news/nation-world/national/article112875123.html)
Cameras don't stop bullets from killing law abiding citizens.
Everyone knows its a better story if someone dies
It wasn't an accident on both sides police were directed to that house and returned fire on a man that fired on them first. The proper action was to detain him on the lawn until medical help arrived. The man doesn't get to use the excuse that he didn't believe they were cops because they announced themselves properly.
I agree that the man hadn't done anything illegal, however, if you were in a 2 on 1 with the police identifying themselves, would you raise a shotgun at them? I'd probably put mine down and figure some stuff out before I got shot 2 in the chest 1 in the groin. Sort out the legal shit later, when you're not on life support/dead. 
he was wrong 
The standard of using deadly force is the threat of great bodily harm. Having a gun pointed at you meets that standard. Your statement is merely your opinion. If you want to make that the standard, have fun watching mass retirements/resignations across the country once you tell cops they can't defend themselves if someone points a gun at them.
I sure did. When I learned about it. I'm not interested in hunting it down, see above: just google it. It was a white paper, something like: Home ownership and gun violence.The rate I'm implying is a greater than 1:1 ratio as in more or greater than. Statistically relevant I believe so a sigma of 3 or 2 I would guess, but I don't remember.
Why don't you google it and find out? 
fuck that, I'd rather see a cop catch the round than an innocent person 100% of the time no question
It's how most other police forces in the western world are taught and they don't have anywhere near the amount of police/suspect fatalities
Then we should probably end no knock raids in the middle of the night where there might be confusion as to whether one is or isn't a cop
As police they sign up to be in the line of danger. Random citizen #6 doesn't. Plus they're more likely to survive as they'll be wearing a vest. 
I'm certainly not a lawyer either, but it is significantly easier to win in civil court than criminal -- I 100% expect them to walk away with money, although I 100% disagree with them deserving any.He wasn't shot because of a mixup in address -- he was shot because he deliberately pointed guns at two uniformed troopers.
But they did shout that they were police. Multiple times. And knocked on the front and back doors. And the door they were standing in front of made of glass. They even shined lights on each other's uniforms- making themselves targets - in order to show they were cops. 
It was after dark, so he would not have been able to see them, and being elderly his eye sight would not have been the best. 
NJ cops dress like Nazis, probably a WW2 vet
The idea is, in a situation where you need to use force, you're putting yourself and bystanders at risk by trying to do something fancy. Two things movies don't tell you - typical confrontations last mere seconds, and even professionals have atrocious hit rates with sidearms. Aiming for an armed threat's weapon or limb is just not a smart idea. The cruel part is you can pierce a vital organ or artery, and it can be a death sentence, but the victim can continue to pose a threat for seconds or minutes. So you've prolonged their death, and failed to defeat the threat. You've done worse than nothing. All I'm saying is guns are lethal weapons. Officers need to be held accountable for the decision to use lethal force. Once that threshold is passed, taking half-measures is likely to make the situation worse. 
Considering he survived and was well enough to walk outside and surrender, I'd say if the goal was to disable the threat they didn't shoot enough. In this case that's a good thing, but this *was* a guy with multiple weapons still very much capable of firing them after being shot 3 times.
Why do you feel that way? What's the rationale?
not shot first...
No it wasnt it was just sitting there
...which we only have the officers' word of. Cops can be a jumpy bunch. Hell! You dont even need to have a weapon to get shot. All it takes is a (claim of a ) furtive movement. 
Invading someone's home makes you a threat.
Before I moved to Baltimore, I'd never called 911.  I've had to call at least 4 times in the last few years.
Maybe its my neighbors from college. They would call the cops every other week, instead of just talking to us. Even the cops were annoyed because we weren't doing anything that warranted a ticket. 
I think I called 911 three times in a year due to various accidents I came across. Plus the occasional call about people who are barely managing to stay on a two lane highway, let alone their lane. 
Yup. Red flag.If you're calling 911 more than a handful of times in your entire life, you need to move or take drastic steps to improve your health....or just stop tying up the phone lines.
911 dispatchers are working with shit technology. Most of the time its not their fault cause the gps fucks out on them.
It's funny you say they cannot locate the caller when the article itself says that's what they did after reviewing what they assumed was a hang up.  However, as you might be implying it is not especially accurate or precise. 
> We don't have gps. We can't pin point you on a map.Um, E911. ...the system tries to automatically associate a location with the origin of the call. This location may be a physical address or other geographic reference information such as X/Y map coordinates. The caller's telephone number is used in numerous manners to track a location that can be used to dispatch police, fire, emergency medical and other response resources. Automatic location of the emergency makes it faster to locate the required resources during fires, break-ins, kidnappings, and other events where communicating one's location is difficult or impossible.(And yes, I know it says tries.)>Dispatchers..., they'll administer CPR for a child drowningThrough the phone, too!
I worked security years ago. A large place with many acres. Some yahoos were shooting off guns (within city limits) on a road on the other side of the woods  bordering of the property. I called the cops and told them  what road it was on they were at. Dispatch sent them to where I was instead of the road. Which was about a mile from where I (and the cops were). No way to access the road from the property. And I specifically told the dispatcher to NOT send them to my address, but to the road the yahoos were on. Another time I witnessed an accident and was trying to tell the dispatcher where it was. I had stopped at a mile marker way past the accident and despite describing where I had stopped (it was not exactly where the accident happened) she focused on the milemarker where I was at. 
> The dispatcher didnt shoot anyone.The dispatcher wasn't confronted by an armed man at the scene of a burglary. 
No one had a shotgun pointed at a dispatcher either
Nope, just caused someone else to get shot. 
I interpreted it as Dispatcher #2 saw the address was a cell tower and assumed it was this guy's house.
> If you want to assign blame then it was the police for not questioning the address location before attempting to enter the residences next to it.I answer calls to cell site locations all the time, if there is no call back number we have to knock.  Since this was a 911 transfer there wouldn't be a call back number. The best a dispatcher can do there is give us the address and advise it's taken from a cell site.>The other dispatch that received the call interpreted the call as a hang up filing it as a 911 hang up and sent police. I don't know but that sounds like a procedure. This absolutely is procedure and they have no discretion when it comes to answering calls, they need a unit to check it out and advise the condition or give a final disposition for the job. They have no control over what does and does not need to be investigated.>And if police are justified using deadly force in situations where they have no evidence and no probable cause (does a hang up give the police probable cause?) then we're all in fucking trouble.Normally they wouldn't be justified there since it's just a cell site and a call for a fight, but when confronted by a man with a shotgun who then shoots at them it becomes justified.
Unfortunately, you're not a cop so it's impossible for you to think like one. You rationalised how simple everything could've been handled. However, you fail to realize that real life is fluid. We get a lot of hang up calls, 90% of the time it's a mistake or non sense, however, other times it's an abused kid,wife that couldn't speak on the phone or someone being burglarized. So the time they could've wasted trying to figure out the address ect, could've been life and death for someone waiting for them. It's very unfortunate that someone was hurt. Trust me these guys went to that house with the best of intentions. Otherwise, they would've never went to investigate further. In addition, there is case law on good faith . If the cops were acting in good faith, like they were here. Anything they found would be admissible in court. Furthermore, there's no such thing as evidence or probable cause to use deadly force. The encountered an armed person, they responded to a hang up. Possibly a burglary in process and they saw a man armed with a shotgun, they had every right to use deadly force. To conclude, the state will be liable for what happened. It's very unfortunate. But the shooting under the circumstances is still justified. 
I didn't imply that they should just walk away. However, I don't take their claims about announcing themselves as fact. No matter how you cut it, the state made a mistake here and there needs to be recourse for someone injured due to such mistake.
So charge dispatch with negligence, or manslaughter?
> Police officers have the right to respond to burglary calls.It wasn't a burglary call, and the address was the address of a cel phone tower, not the mans house....
wrong house
You mean, this is what happens when people are given permission to shoot anyone on anyone's property.The old guy isn't at fault and neither are his guns. 
Fuck off, people should be able to defend themselves.
Now you're talking 
Oh shit I yeah I meant the dispatcher, I mean the cop pulled the trigger but he may have been justified; however that doesn't excuse the dispatch for being wrong.Good call Edit: Actually the cop still is at fault. He should have had enough context regarding to nature of the call to be able to make a better decision under the pressure of the situation.He's a cop and we need to hold them to high standards.   
[removed]
[removed]
It's so annoying how people dehumanize cops on this site. Like obviously he feels like shit for shooting an innocent guy. There's a middle ground this site needs to find between cop worship and cop hate.
But not shooting an old guy in his home though. 
Fuck that. I fully support any police officer that shoots a person that aims a gun at them. The negligence in this scenario was the fact that they were at the wrong house and that they were unable to have the citizen recognize that they were police and peacefully explain the situation and find out it was the wrong address BEFORE the citizen felt the need to have a firearm pointed at the officer. Shooting a citizen who has a gun aimed at you is the right decision for a cop 99.9% of the time.
But that's not true. That is not how police officers are trained. Firing a weapon is a large escalation from pointing one but it's an escalation that kills. So if someone points a gun at you, you may very well die if you don't shoot first. Would you prefer our police force to die before shooting someone who 'has a gun pointed at him but doesn't really mean to fire it'? 
>The dual meaning before this line should not be lost on you. If and only if they do in fact fire first, then would a legitimate police force return fire.You are basically telling them to hope the person firing at them is a terrible shot. In other words, you are telling them to die.
The police didn't have a right to be there?? They were responding to a 911 call! It's literally their job to be there! 
And they didn't fire until he pointed a weapon after they had identified themselves multiple times. Only an idiot thinks it's smart to wait until a weapon is fired to fire back. If that's your expectation for police you're going to be waiting a very, very long time to see it implemented.
RTFC.  *And de-escalate the situation*.  Not to mention that there's a lot more someone can do to identify themselves than to just yell state police at people.  
I think Batman works with police cause Gordon more or less cleaned up the force. Batman also takes down dirty cops regularly
You need robocop
There is this manga called Akumetsu that actually follows that plot that you just suggested. The only difference is it's an organization of anarchist to go after corrupt government officials and their motto is one man one kill. So usually the members will be in impossible situations where they get their Target and they really get obliterated by law enforcement or bodyguards or the military.
Someone hasn't read The Dark Knight Returns.
there was story a few years ago of batman going after a cop and stopping a beating by cops.  i think it was two or three issues long but he has gone after cops before.  
Everyone knows you can solve complex socio-political problems by punching bad people in the face.
...So they need ISIS?
After party?
Can confirm. Source: current resident
If god had anything to do with it innocent people would never get gunned down.
play the footage backwards
But they help make sure the police and the killers are held accountable.
they fired first, whilst being on his lawn looking through his back porch. You know what's a good way of announcing you're police? Lights and/or sirens. You know what's a bad way? Shouting police in the pitch black whilst holding a torch up to someone's face...
Sure he does, because he had reasonable expectations that cops weren't going to be at his house. They didn't stand at the door and ring the bell, the wandered around his house peering in windows.If there were an avenue to charge him for wrongdoing, you can bet the prosecutor would take it. There isn't.
> if you were in a 2 on 1 with the police identifying themselves, would you raise a shotgun at them? 1) We only have the cops own word that they identified themselves to him.2) Even if you believe them, exactly *how* did they identify themselves? By shouting police!. Which ANYONE can shout.  So it wasn't a positive identification.  Add in the fact that the guy has done nothing wrong, and had absolutely no reason to think that they were really police.So: if *you* were in a 2 on 1 with some strangers creeping around your backyard, apparently trying to break in, would *you* raise a shotgun at them?
So police officers committing crimes are justified in killing anyone who tries to stop them by aiming weapons at them?
Well most other countries have completely outlawed firearms. Moot point.
Sure but this wasn't a no knock raid cops were responding to a burglarly call
> he deliberately pointed guns at two uniformed troopers.it was dark, he was woken in the middle of the night, he had no reason to believe the suspected burglars words.
Oh okay then. Maybe the trooper's were more responsible than I thought 
sure they did, the old guy just thought it would be fun to point a gun at cops...
Did you read the article? They loudly said they were police, and were outside at the time of the shooting- where one trooper was shot. 
Where in Baltimore?
Not that this is referring specifically to you, but I used to live next door to a rental property that had a revolving group of college students who would move in, throw parties and get drunk several times a month, and were generally unpleasant neighbors. I tried talking to them about their noise level over and over, but it never really had an impact. It's not my job to politely make sure that they followed the noise ordinance - just like it's not my job to prevent people from speeding or committing other misdemeanors. So I just started blasting Barry Manilllow at their house beginning at 7am (the one time I knew that they were generally asleep)!
hahahahahaha, because all of us can afford *to just move*. Hey, I know you can barely hold shit together as is, with no savings because it's literally more expensive to be poor but you should *just move*
That's exactly wheat I'm saying. They attempted to locate the caller using the ALI system but got the wrong house. This is why they're gonna ask you where you're located before they're gonna ask for your emergency. Af the very we know where you are if you get disconnected and we can send help 
Our city straight up can't get a location if you're calling from Tmobile or a disconnected phone. Different service providers give varying degrees of accuracy. It'll show the cell tower and that's it
E911 isn't perfect, as you can tell, because they used it and got the wrong address in this case. 911 dispatchers have to verify the address because cases like this can turn out to be fatal. You can't verify a hang up, especially one that's been transferred there. which is one of the only reasons to use the ALI systemsAnd if you call 911 because your friend stopped breathing, they will talk you through CPR. I'm actually glad you didn't know that, because that means you have never needed it 
Yes. That is correct.
You are correct.
Pulling a trigger causes people to be shot. Anything beyond that depends on the person.
That's not how cause and effect work. At worst they facilitated a situation where someone was shot. The only *cause* of the death was the gun firing. 
The biggest problem with your thinking (and there are a couple) is that police aren't justified in using deadly force simply because someone is holding a weapon. Edit: It becomes justified when that weapon is pointed, and even more so when it's fired, which is what happened here. I'm not arguing the cops were in the wrong, I just hate this idea that anyone holding a weapon forfeits their life immediately. 
We're all human, and not every mistake needs to mean someone gets fired or disciplined. This is why we live in such a litigious society. 
If you think that typing those two words is making some kind of point, then you don't understand the issues involved.
Outlaw the shoot first ask questions later policy. 
No, the police are generally trained to shoot you in the center-mass. They wouldn't go for the bullet in the head until you've done something to get SWAT snipers dispatched. 
I'm talking about this article you moron. Go be a tough guy on progun. 
When I stop hearing cops talk positively about 'tuning people up' I'll start to believe they feel badly about doing those things.
I'm kind of indifferent, but it does note a widespread issue that police opt to venture to the point where they could be in danger then use that for justification to unload on a citizen within their rights. Hang up or no, there were better ways of handling this.In this case, at least I can feel comfortable in thinking there was no malice.
Depends. Some get off on it. 
Cops don't see the consequences of their actions though. I would care about your remorse if you were actually being punished for it, but when a person is dead by your incompetent hand and you are walking away scot free your crocodile tears mean nothing to anyone. 
He could have publicly made a statement admitting fault but he's hiding. He's a coward with a gun and he knows it. He should be dehumanized. Cops are supposed to be above that. The he puts his life on the line everyday is bullshit rhetoric. If he can't deal with mistakes as they happen or admitting fault then he shouldn't be a cop. 
If he feels so bad then he should quit his job and publicly apologize.
Probably hard to sleep at night after doing that.
>Shooting a citizen who has a gun aimed at you is the right decision for a cop 99.9% of the time.No.  No more than shooting a cop who has a gun aimed at you is the right decision.  The innocent citizen in this instance was defending his home from intruders, the impetus on the cop should be to deescalate the situation, not shoot first.
So if a cop points a gun at you, you may very well die if you don't shoot first. Would you prefer our innocent citizens die before shooting a cop who 'has a gun pointed at him but doesn't really mean to fire it'? 
Ever hear of rules of engagement?
This guy was shot 3 times and didn't die, and he didn't shoot back until the cops shot first.  Proper police tactics are to deescalate a situation, not make it worse by being the first to shoot.  We ask them to put themselves in harms way, not to die.  If they can't handle being a proper cop, they need to quit and find another job.
There was no crime.  The state fucked up, doesn't give them the right to be there.  Nothing in the constitution allows the state to invade a home for no reason.  Also, in the US it has been found that police do not have to respond to criminal complaints.  It is up to them.  They chose to be there.  They were the criminals.  They murdered someone.
Um,  yelling state police is pretty clear. 
What should they have done?
Oh really? What are your steps to deescalate a situation where a shotgun is pointed at you? Because if any of those are based on simply assuming the person isn't going to immediately fire you're going to be dead pretty quickly. Stop having stupid expectations of police. All it does is prevent actual change that is so very desperately needed. 
That kinda alludes to my point. The system that produces the criminals, gangsters, pimps and what not that Batman fights against is the same system that creates corrupt cops and officials. As Bruce Wayne, a billionaire, Batman represents that system. He's extraordinarily wealthy, which is a consequence of capitalism, and capitalism, a system that encourages and in some ways necessitates greed, is what largely spawns the problems he fights against.A Punisher type figure that goes after the top dogs, the real high level players, wouldn't solve the underlying problems, but it just might inspire the people to rise up and emulate him (which, ironically, happened with Batman in The Dark Knight Returns). 
Sounds like my kinda story, I'll have to check it out. Thanks.
Actually I have, I mentioned that in a comment down, but it isn't canon and he doesn't go far enough. That story was actually a good satire of 80s, Reagan America but in retrospect, knowing Frank Miller is a super reactionary, that version of Batman is not very positive any more.
A *lot* of bad people. Batman didn't save Gotham overnight.
It's God's plan and they are in heaven now, God has a purpose for them and this is only another step in the process. It's okay that they died while being innocent. It was their time. - Religion logic of some people.Obviously, my opinion is that kind of logic is absurd.  
According to the article they didn't fire first
Police mostly show up when not expected.
the cop wasn't committing a crime. he was acting with good intentions with the information he had. 
What was the crime? They were dispatched to a location and went where they were told. Once on scene, the man's own WIFE said they identified themselves as police before her husband point led a gun at them. There was no crime, which is why the state didn't charge anyone.
You are talking nonsense, name one country in which firearms are outlawed?
No they were responding to a wrongly logged hang up. No crime was ever reported and no police officer was ever requested by the residents.
That logic is just so fucking stupid based on the rest of the info presented in the story. GTFO of here with that shit.
Did you read the article?
Being a shadowy figure trespassing on someones back deck while armed (and then firing 9mm into the house) makes you a threat.  Using the font door instead of trespassing through private property makes you less of a threat.
A bunch of places, but most of the 911 calls were when I lived on North Ave or in Pigtown.
See if that was what we were doing I would completely understand them. The thing was we didn't have parties, it was just people leaving the house to go out around 10-11pm that were noisy for like 30 seconds till they got down the street.  This was a problem thoughout town though as the school doubled (from around 8000 to 16000 going from mostly commuter to actually living there) in size while I was there and the students were pushed into neighborhoods that were previously just residential. A lot of the residents didn't know what to do.
I think I've only transferred one hangup in my life, and that was because of suspicious sounds in the background. Obviously it was a cell hangup, as a landline wouldn't land in the wrong PSAP anyway. As 911 hangups go, cell phones are taken much less seriously, and for obvious reasons, though we do insist they're all properly logged and an attempt to call back is made.
> E911 isn't perfectDidn't claim it was. Nothing is 100% perfect.  But in most cases, it does indeed pop up an address (aka 'pin point you on a map').>they will talk you through CPRTalking someone through administering CPR is not administering CPR. I was being nit-picky.
1. Maybe you should read the article. Nobody died. 2. More to the point, that's absolutely how cause and effect work. If A causes B, and B causes C, then A also causes C. By your logic, the only cause of the man's injury was the bullet striking him. At the worst case, the gun firing merely facilitated a situation where the bullet could hit him. 
The actor reasonably believes that such other person is using or about to use deadly physical force. Even in such case, however, the actor may not use deadly physical force if he or she knows that with complete personal safety, to oneself and others he or she may avoid the necessity of so doing by retreating; except that the actor is under no duty to retreat if he or she is:(i)in his or her dwelling and not the initial aggressor; or(ii)a police officer or peace officer or a person assisting a police officer or a peace officer at the latter's direction, acting pursuant tosection 35.30; or(b)He or she reasonably believes that such other person is committing or attempting to commit a kidnapping, forcible rape, forcible criminal sexual act or robbery; or(c)He or she reasonably believes that such other person is committing or attempting to commit a burglary, and the circumstances are such that the use of deadly physical force is authorized bysubdivision three of section 35.20- See more at: http://codes.findlaw.com/ny/penal-law/pen-sect-35-15.html#sthash.SQkJL7Qi.dpufFind the word weapon in the NYS definition for deadly physical force,  or the necessity for such to be pointed at a person prior to such action.I think you need to to do more research before you reply. 
You don't think people should be responsible for their mistakes?Even when those mistakes result in an innocent person being shot?
But if we let them live they might lie about what happened!
[removed]
I bet that's super comforting to the guy- oh wait, he's fucking dead.
Many people do indeed get off on adult diapers. 
He had a fucking gun pointed at him.
Probably hard to sleep at night after having three bullets dug out of your body.
What if the citizen shot the cop without hearing out his deescalation tactic?  The cop would be dead right now instead.  Not that it's any better or worse, but the second a cop has a gun pointed at them all bets are off.  No amount of training or deescalation is going to help you dodge a bullet.  You have literal seconds or less to decide how you're going to prevent that citizen from shooting you, that's not enough time to do something that is going to guarantee your safety other than shoot the citizen.
That's a massive false equivalency. If you've got a cop pointing a firearm at you while you are simultaneously holding a firearm, you should immediately drop it. I'm sure most 2A advocates would agree that if you find yourself on the wrong end of a police officers gun, you're most likely in the wrong.
The reason they chose to go is to help people. Their job is to enforce the rules that make people safe. When someone calls 911, they choose to respond because they believe that doing so is an act of maintaining order and helping people. This was a very unfortunate circumstance, caused by the mistake of a dispatcher, that ended with the police being in a position in which they needed to shoot or be shot.
Clearly it wasn't enough in this situation. 
To identify themselves or to de-escalate the situation?
>What are your steps to deescalate a situation where a shotgun is pointed at you? Because if any of those are based on simply assuming the person isn't going to immediately fire you're going to be dead pretty quickly.  You shouldn't assume the person is immediately going to fire.  If that were the case then the person would have fired already.  To de-escalate, they can do such things as putting down anything scary they might be holding, lower their voices, back away to a less threatening distance and so on.  >Stop having stupid expectations of police.  It's not stupid to expect police to know how not to kill people.  
> A Punisher type figure that goes after the top dogs, the real high level players, wouldn't solve the underlying problems, but it just might inspire the people to rise up and emulate him (which, ironically, happened with Batman in The Dark Knight Returns). And then you've got no rule of law because a half dozen self righteous vigilantes are killing people on suspicion. And then your country become Ulster. 
That's what's called 'filler'; in actual point of fact, God and his Angels are playing a very large video game while they mainline drugs and guzzle rare vintages.
The troopers pulled their guns and yelled, State police, upon seeing Sykes point his shotgun at one of them, authorities said.Sykes then aimed his shotgun and revolver toward the other trooper, who fired four shots from his 9mm service handgun, authorities said. That trooper moved back toward the garage, while the second trooper remained near the deck.Sykes then fired once with his shotgun, grazing the left elbow of the second trooper, 
The specifics would absolutely be hammered out in court, or more likely in this case, in discussions for a settlement.If they were in a screaming match and wife called 911 and hung up, this guy would be going to jail as soon as he gets out of the hospital.They weren't, they were sleeping, and a couple guys started poking around their windows in the middle of the night. If they had their lights flashing out front and waited at the door, none of this would have happened.
You mean the article not taken from the homeowners words but police officers account?
Respond to 911 call. They knocked on the front door, yelled that they were State Police. Shadowy figure. They had flashlights. How many home invasion prowlers go around shining flashlights? They shined a light on the trooper to show he was a trooper.  They did everything possible to identify themselves as police officers. Never entered his house. Guy points shotgun at them after all that. Then they fire at him.Your reading comprehension seems a bit off.
There's a cop problem in Pigtown?!?
Hey, I agree with you that neighbors should talk to each other instead of just calling the cops, but I live in a complex with neighbors/friends that sound sort of like your situation.Here's the thing...to my sometime loud neighbors - and I think to you and your friends - it just seems like 30 seconds of noisy talking before walking down the street. But to people on different schedules, it's a loud noise at a very late hour that wakes them out of sleep. And this can get very, very annoying if it happens repeatedly.The solution is to just try to respect your neighbors. At 10 or 11 pm if someone in the neighborhood thinks something is annoying...then you've got to defer to them because it is a late hour. At the same time, if it's say 8 pm on a weekend, that's party time, and your neighbors should try to respect your decision to socialize and have fun.
I've never had a 911 hang up transferred either, but it might be their policy to send a cop out to check even if they don't have a proper address. I didn't like the first guy I commented on saying he's called 911 frequently and then called all dispatchers retarded. So I explained the common things that frustrate callers that I've dealt with. Especially people who are like just send someone!!! And I'm like I will! I want to, but where?
Yeah, your whole argument is nit-picky :) 
Fair enough about it being nonfatal,  but by my logic, the officer with the gun is entirely responsible for deciding to fire it. No other argument. Bullets don't propel themselves, but people do.  You are completely absolving the officer by pinning the cause on the dispatcher.Edit: by the way you cannot always apply transitive logic. If I go on a vacation to Brasil and I'm shot by a mugger, that sure as hell does not show that is my fault for getting shot because I traveled to Brasil. That's the same bullshit logic that leads people to blame victims for being raped.
Maybe you need to read the comment you're replying to. I very clearly stated I'm not arguing the police are wrong in this case. But simply holding a weapon is not enough to justify deadly force because holding a weapon isn't enough to convince a reasonable person their life is in danger. A reasonable person would consider an armed homeowner. A reasonable person would not shoot at a person who is simply holding the weapon. A reasonable person *would* shoot when that weapon is pointed, especially after identifying themselves. And they did. But comments like yours push the idea that any and all encounters with police where a person is armed justifies immediate deadly force. This isn't the case.  Edit: And why are you citing NYS law when this occurred in New Jersey?  Besides that, your citation supports the homeowner, not the police.  
What you fail to comprehend is the definition of justified. In this scenario both the cops and the homeowner were justified in shooting each other. Unless the homeowner was a convicted felon or someone that wasn't supposed to have a firearm. Justified only means that under the circumstances and the provisions of the law, they were allowed to take such action. However, they ( cops) can still face civil liability, which they will. 
The mistake here was a literally a wrong button being pushed> The county dispatcher hit the wrong button and accidentally transferred the call to Vineland, which has its own dispatch center. The transfer was quickly canceled but came through to Vineland as a call that lasted two seconds, the Attorney Generals Office said. A Vineland dispatcher interpreted the call as a 911 hangup, looked up the location  which came up as the cell tower next to Sykes home  and alerted state police.If the mistake was made through gross negligence, that's one thing, but this is simply a wrong button push. That stuff happens. The police made effort to show they were police and make contact with the home owner >The Attorney Generals Office said the troopers, before encountering Sykes, had rung the doorbell, knocked on the front door, and yelled that they were responding to a 911 hangup. One of the troopers also shined a flashlight on the other troopers uniform to show they were state police, authorities said.I don't think there's really anyone to blame here, it's a serious of unfortunate events and miscommunications that unfortunately culminated in someone dying. 
No he isn't, but you didn't read the article, you just came here for the feels.
Because he went to the wrong house. 
The cops had no rights though.  There was no crime, no reason to be there.  They were illegally on someones property though, so the civilian had every right.  It was murder.  It don't matter that they were cops.  They were there illegally, the owner had rights that he followed.  Also, cops don't have to respond to everything.  Cop unions fought and won that they don't, so that is no excuse that they had to be there.  Simply, it was people doing a home invasion that murder an innocent person.
The cop isn't necessarily dead after the first shot, they generally have vest.  Also, this guy was shot three times and didn't die.Cops should not shoot unless fired upon, period.  Their duty is to protect the people, not murder them.  If they can't handle that reality, they need to quit and find another job.
Here the guy was on the wrong end of a cops gun, was shot 3 times by them, and wasn't doing anything wrong.  There is no false equivalency, a cops life is not more valuable than an innocents.
Since the cop walked,  clearly it was. 
They did both of those
>You shouldn't assume the person is immediately going to fire.  The detachment from reality is astounding. >To de-escalate, they can do such things as putting down anything scary they might be holding, lower their voices, back away to a less threatening distance and so on.  So you want **police** when confronted with a weapon to disarm, talk nicely, and exit stage left.Seriously? *Seriously*?How old are you, and how much actual experience with violent people do you have?>It's not stupid to expect police to know how not to kill people.   No, it's not. What's stupid is expecting police to gamble their life on the hope that the person pointing a weapon at them isn't going to fire at any point while they set out tea and crumpets so they can discuss their feelings. We live in the real world, not a fairy tale. 
A mass movement of the people can create their own law, within their ranks and their territory, since the rule of law of the state isn't helping them one bit. It's been done before in Spain during their civil war, and right now with Rojava. Of course any large scale violence will create instability, but sometimes things have to get worse before they get better. The status quo only helps those who are already comfortable.
> Never entered his house.They entered the house with their bullets, you are incorrect.   I will reserve the possibility that they had illuminated themselves for some unspecified period of time before entering the mans home with their bullets, even though it doesn't make much sense AT ALL from a tactical perspective, and that they had NO indication any crime was being commited on the mans property.    >Guy points shotgun at them after all that. Then they fire at him.Your reading comprehension seems a bit off.    No it is not off, you are just too stupid to read between the lines and are taking the polic statement as 100% fact.  1) no crime was being reported or commited on the property 2)since no crime was being committed or reported they had no legal right to trespass 3) shot into a private residence hitting the owner of said property because he was holding a shotgun in his own home because he suspected there were burglars that for all he knew were pretending to be police,  5) cruel and unusual punishment by handcuffing the severely injured man that was defending his property from unlawful intruders.    TL;DR  Use the front door and don't act all shady going through peoples private property in the middle of the night illegally and you won't get shot at.
Damn. Beat me to the punch 
People who say it's only 30 seconds of noise have never tried to get back to sleep after strange voices jerk you awake in the middle of the night. Or for those parents out there, tried to get a kid back to sleep. Just, c'mon. Shut up on your way out. It's late. Stop being the stereotypical teenager who thinks they're the only people in the world for twelve seconds.
This is just some shop talk, but thought I should share, last year we switched our greeting (not automated, ugh, I hate automated greetings) from 911, where is your emergency? to 911, what is the address of your emergency? The difference is amazing. I don't know if it has something to do with the way language is mentally processed or what, but callers now begin with location information on eighty to ninety percent of calls.
I actually got that listening to tapes of 911 calls from other agencies to use for trainings, so I can't claim credit.
We get a good amount of hangup transfers (don't know what the average is), it's policy to mute the line on our end and wait for the other end to pick up to make sure they're still on the line to talk, and if not, pass on what we know.If someone admits they call 911 'frequently' and thinks they dispatchers are the idiots, it tells a lot about him. He's the guy who keeps screaming to hurry up without answering a damn thing, and wasting everyones time
Yes he's responsible for pulling the trigger, but that's not an unreasonable decision when a hostile person is pointing a shotgun at you. I don't see your point. 
First off, the victim didn't die. Funny you are commenting without knowing this critical fact.Second, why are you taking the cops' and AG's claims as fact?
So what? This shouldn't have happened I agree, but a gun will kill you even if you made a mistake before hand.
The cops who showed up didn't KNOW they were at the wrong property, the dispatcher told them to go there.  It's not like they strolled up and blasted this poor bastard out of no where for no reason.  They showed up for as far as they were concerned a legitimate reason, had their life threatened, and reacted accordingly.  They did everything correctly.  The dispatcher is the one who fucked up here.
Waiting to be shot when a gun is already pointed at you is fucking retarded. You can't protect shit if you're dead.
You're delusional, I'm sorry. The cop could be hit in the face, the citizen could unload his entire clip into the cop and the cop could still die despite the vest, even if the cop lives they could sustain lifelong injuries, the list goes on. You don't point a gun at a cop (or anybody to be honest) unless you are ready to be shot yourself, that is a fact and anybody who denies it is ignorant and delusional. If you as a citizen point a gun at a person, you are responsible for whatever happens to you. You are clearly indicating you are ready and willing to end that person's life.
He was pointing a gun at a police officer.To be honest, it sounds like this could have been solved by him not being a paranoid freak and just saying that he didn't call the police.
If you don't care about people being shot then you shouldn't even be in this conversation. 
>So you want police when confronted with a weapon to disarm, talk nicely, and exit stage left.  What I want is to avoid people getting shot in situations where shooting is unnecessary.  >What's stupid is expecting police to gamble their life on the hope that the person pointing a weapon at them isn't going to fire at any point while they set out tea and crumpets so they can discuss their feelings.  The police are the people who created the dangerous situation in the first place.  If you think refusing to shoot a person is gambling your life then you should think differently about how the police approached the situation in the first place.  Also, what you've given here is a justification for anyone to shoot anyone else the moment they feel threatened.  
>A mass movement of the people can create their own lawBut it's more likely to make your country an unlivable shithole. Exponentially more likely. 
As a layperson, I would probably parse 911, where is your emergency? as 911, what is your emergency?Especially since when you see 911 calls on TV, they often start with 911, please state the nature of your emergency or similar.
> from 911, where is your emergency? to 911, what is the address of your emergency?I started using that exact line out of sheer annoyance with people, and was so surprised at the difference that I kept using itCut down about 30-45 seconds from the call. I hate answers like 'I'm at home', only the name of the city, just the street name, or only the apartment number
That's crazy, and actually really awesome. I've heard that too on some calls online, but I didn't think it would make too much of a difference. I'll check with one of my supervisors to see if it's possible for us to try it out. Pretty much everyone just launches into what's happening before the address 
My point is don't blame the dispatcher for the shooting. You can admonish them for their mistake, but ultimately it is not the dispatcher who is trained to handle hostile situations with firearms. This point stands regardless of whether you consider the officer justified in the shooting.    
To be fair to the other side of this argument, who has a shotgun aimed at them and pulls a pistol to shoot. I think the officer does deserve some unpaid time off. The man was inside his home, had not fired his weapon, it was dark, and retreating should have been the obvious option. I'm sure he just panicked, but he should have been better trained. When someone points a shotgun at you the first step should be to jump for cover.
> First off, the victim didn't die. Funny you are commenting without knowing this critical fact.My bad, I figured getting shot 3 or 4 times usually means dying.> Second, why are you taking the cops' and AG's claims as fact?Settle down there, Johnny Cochran, not everything is a conspiracy.
Then he shouldn't have made a mistake. 
You don't always die from being shot.  Murdering civilians is not protecting anything.
>clipIs your hypothetical citizen using an m1 garand or some turn of the century bolt action? Most firearms use *magazines*.
The cops had no legal reason to be there.  The were criminals illegally on the home owners property.  The police had no rights.  They murdered someone.
You're delusional, I'm sorry. The innocent civilian could be hit in the face, the cop could unload his entire clip into the innocent civilian and the innocent civilian could still die despite a vest, even if the innocent civilian lives they could sustain lifelong injuries, the list goes on. You don't point a gun at an innocent civilian (or anybody to be honest) unless you are ready to be shot yourself, that is a fact and anybody who denies it is ignorant and delusional.  If you as a cop point a gun at a person, you are responsible for whatever happens to you. You are clearly indicating you are ready and willing to end that person's life.
He obviously wasn't a paranoid freak, as they actually shot him.  A paranoid freak would think someone was out to get them for no reason.
I didn't say one way or the other about my feelings,  as no one cares. In this case,  however,  they deemed his warning enough. Don't go through life expecting more than Police!  I've been raided thrice, not once did they announce before they entered. 
How so? And it doesn't matter if it's more likely, if you're already living in a shithole, with no rights, no freedom, no economic justice. Many countries and new governments were founded after violent revolution. The US. France. Ireland to a degree, you mentioned Ulster. Of course nothing's all good all the time, but Ireland, the US, France today are reasonably livable, aren't they?
So what's the deal with the spillway collapse?  Can all that water undermine the actual foundation of the dam itself??
Good to hear the drought is winding down, now if only southern California would stop drinking the coloraldo river dry.
The dam is not threatened by these conditions, said Bill Croyle, acting director of the Department of Water Resources.
Water is a pretty powerful erosive force when you have a lot of it flowing.  The spill way is a path that is specifically designed to both be able to withstand that erosive force and also not be over anything important so if it does start eroding then it is still safe.  If you had the water flow over the top of the dam, there is a possibility that it could start to erode the dam itself.
Majority of that water goes to agriculture though.  Many people down here already try to conserve water
Guess you don't understand that 80% of California's water usage goes towards agriculture and not the average Californian.
I watched that guys news conference today, apparently the emergency spillway was designed for 175,000 cfs and that is the max amount the levees downstream (where my house is) can handle. The real issue is there is no safe way to release water out of the dam, and there are 6 days of rain coming next week. 
