If nobody wants to take it, I can do the Jaguars again
I'd like to write for the Eagles, if no one objects. Or tag team it
I'll do the Titans if no one wants it. I've done the 32/32 for them a few times here
I was going to offer to do the Bucs but then read > IF YOU CAN'T BE OBJECTIVE ABOUT YOUR TEAM, DON'T SIGN UPBut I will offer help to u/thefencingcoach
I'll do Panthers, if no one objects. I wouldn't mind someone to collaborate with.
/u/emperos! I summon thee! You did a great job for us last year. do agen pls
A few of us, led by /u/timnog, did the patriots entry last year and we'd like to participate once again. /u/WoahNo and /u/ConKDean, you guys in with us?
I'd love to do the Seahawks.
I volunteer as tribute for the Redskins write-up!Thanks for running this again, Skep!
I'll do saints again this year!
I'll sign on for the Patriots.
I'm happy to do the Bucs, /u/skepticismissurvival, with the feedback in mind you provided last time. 
Paging /u/gipsysafety !Or /u/trapline !Either of them would do an excellent jobEdit: I don't know how /u/sio-kedelic didnt cross my mind, he would be awesome as well. We can't go wrong with Gipsy, Trap, or Sio any of them would kill this write up! 
I will throw my name in the hat for the Packers
I don't mind doing the Falcons' review
I'm happy to volunteer to do the Browns write-up.
I have a broken leg at the moment and am house bound. I love writing and football. I would be honoured to do the Cowboys write up, or help whichever lucky SOB gets the gig. 
/u/sosuhme, where you at homie
I'd do it again, but it would be too painful. 
I can do it for the Falcons this season, I offered last year but then the guy who has been doing it stepped up and well I don't know if he'll wanna do it again after the criticism he received. 
For whomever volunteers for the Texans (I don't know that I could write it myself due to time restraints), I would 100% be down to help out in any way possible.
/u/yji ?
I would love to do the packers.
Unless I missed it, no one has offered to do the Ravens. If that's the case I'd love to do it 
/u/Barian_Fostate where you at breh.Should do this and make a video to go along with it!
/u/TheFencingCoach DO US PROUD FAM! 
I'd love to do the Falcons. I write for my local paper so it'd be wonderful to not write about high school kids for a change.
I'd do the Steelers.
I volunteer to write for the Chiefs. I did the non-fan Redskins offseason review last year.
I will take on the Giants please. 
Hello yes, may I have the Chargers please?
I'll volunteer for the Bears if nobody else wants it or wants to tag team it. Thanks for doing this!
I'm happy to do the Cardinals again if that's good. Really want to step my game up this year after seeing some of the really good ones last year. Edit: I guess I confused the offseason review series with this one. I did 32/32 two years ago. But I'm still happy to do it if last year's writer doesn't want to. 
I'll do the Titans if nobody objects. I did a breakdown of Mularkeys past running games that you can use to kinda see how I do.Edit: [said post](https://www.reddit.com/r/tennesseetitans/comments/4bjd0f/_/)
Get in here /u/LansdowneStreet
I'll happily write the Niners'.Also are we scrapping the non-fan posts entirely, or is that in a different thread that I missed?
I still remember the slog of that first season trying to get posts out. Burned me right the fuck out.You've done great work with it skep.
I'll take Browns!
I'd like to write for Green Bay.
I'd like to do the Chiefs, or at least help. I know I'm not the most prolific or well-known person here, but I'm a decent writer and I'm great at being objective.
Gipsy pls, you don't need that new job.
I don't mind doing the Lions
I would recommend u/PotRoastBoobs for the Broncos
/u/wingfieldfootball for /r/miamidolphins is my vote
I've done the Lions twice in the last few years, so if anyone else wants to do it they should take precedence, but if no one does I'd be more than happy to again.
/u/indianacostanza Colts spot is still open, interested?
Hey I talked to u/yji and I think I'll be able to handle the Rams if you haven't found anyone else yet. 
If my other two eagles bros back out CALL ON MEEEE
I can do the Steelers
I'd like to volunteer for the Pats position.
I can tackle the Broncos!
I can volunteer to write for Tampa Bay
I've never done it but I would love to take a shot at doing the cowboys.
I don't know that I can take the Bills one by myself, but I'm willing to collaborate with someone 
I'd like to do the Vikings
I am a published poet and a die-hard Pats fan who is a part of a podcast on r/Patriots. I would be honored and appreciative of the opportunity to write about the New England Patriots. 
I'll write for the Cardinals.If you need examples of writing/project management, let me know.
I'll do it again bby. 
I'd like to write for the Bills. 
I'd happily write for the Giants.Thanks for organizing this!
I could do the Bengals write up again, or I could help whoever writes it this year! 
I am an aspiring writer, and would love the opportunity to do a write-up for my favorite team, the New York Giants.
It would be an honor to write about the buffalo bills this year/ I have a background in journalism. I can send you my resume, i will be very objective.
I would love to do the write up for the Lions 
I can do the Seahawks. I wrote the Offseason Review last year.
Put me in coach! I can do Green Bay! 
I did the Giants' write-up last year and I'm interested in doing it this year... /u/sexterminator, wanna slam this?
I'll volunteer for Steelers if nobody does first.
I'd love a shot at the Dolphins, especially since no one's volunteered yet.
I will do it again if nobody else claims it. (I'm u/thespirittracks. Can send verification if needed.)This time I'll get the free agents right
I'd love to volunteer for the Patriots 
I can do the Pats.
So glad u/timnog is doing ours.  Shes the MVP of not only our sub, but the NFL sub as well IMO.  As always, great work with the GIFs all year long!!!
I'd be happy to take a swing at the Texans post
I'd love to do the Dolphins again. Should be fun to not make joke about ourselves for once.
I would love to write for my Arizona Cardinals.  I would also love to hear from all Bird Gang fans if chosen.  I take this team very seriously, and would love to put my thoughts to good use.
Are the Broncos taken? I'd love to help where I can 
I would love to do the Chargers. I'm on extended vacation/traveling and could use something to take up my downtime. I'm a longtime fan, and even though I'm disheartened by the move, I still love my team. I'm on Reddit a few times each day and would love to write. 
Id be willing to seahawks if nobody puts their hands up by the end date. however if only one person asks and needs a bit of help i am willing to help out.
I can do a write up for the dolphins
I'll handle the write-up for the Cowboys, or gladly work with whomever is running the post. 
Why is my SeaChickens always last :(
I'd like to take a good swing at the Cowboys. Being an objective fan is something I try to take pride in, so I'm confident I can do that. 
I can do Atlanta (if /u/zanmanoodle doesn't want to). I've been following Matt Ryan since Boston College and I'd really like to go a little more into his improvement and what that means for the team moving forward.
WOOOOOOOOT ya u/timnog
I'll do broncos if no one else will 
I'll throw my name in for the Dolphins. I host the Phinalysis Podcast and am the head writer at welcometoperfectville.comhttps://welcometoperfectville.com/category/write-travis-write/
I would recommend u/Cidolfus to do the one for the Dolphins but I would be willing to help them or do it if they don't want to.
I'll take the Falcons one. Not only do I feel passionately objective about this season, and can take abuse from trash-talkers aplenty, but the deadline seems to accommodate my schedule, as well.
I did sports writing for my high school paper and can do the Broncos write up or help with it.
I will take the pack again. I thibk I did this last year right?
I'll throw my name in the hat for the Cowboys.
Damn the 49ers one is taken :/...I'd like to volunteer or team up with someone since I am not a former writer.
Is this open to/ for professional writers or is this geared towards more of a get noticed and have fun with the community type deal? 
I'll help with the Giants if needed
I nominate /u/briandawkins
I would love to do the Falcons but I feel like there are other fans here that would do a much better job at this. I would love to offer support though!
Hello, I'll take Indianapolis or Los Angeles.While this would be my first season writing for your series, sports writing has been a consideration of mine for years now.At one point I was planning on writing my own analysis/predictions for every team in the NFL. Actually I may still uphold that plan and release my work during the preseason.Anyways, for the most part my NFL hobby revolves around scouring around Pro Football Reference to see if I can find patterns to eventually find Gambling success.Admittedly, I haven't shared my findings yet.
Can someone explain to me what this is? Very interested 
I'm happy to do Indy if nobody wants it. They're somewhat of a rival but i've always had a soft spot for Luck so i'm pretty sure i can be objective.If a Colts fan wants it, however, i'm happy to take the Rams.
I'll take the patriots or the saints based one whatever is available. My wife is a huge saints fan (from New Orleans) and it's rubbed off on me over the last two seasons.
And you'd do a damn fine job at it.
I think it goes without saying that every jag user is 100% on board with you doing these write ups.Every year your posts are amazing. Plus, I'm already getting ready for 2000+ words on Coughlin/Marrone :3edit: I'm also really looking forward to you dedicating 1000+ words to roasting the fuck out of Gus. That'll be a sight to see lol
I feel like you should work for the Jacksonville organization. You are pretty much the most famous Jags fan I know other than the Columbine shrug guy. 
Please and thank you!
All hail our glorious leader
Please include the Thursday night debacle vs Tennessee. They definitely whit on Gus but then they were competitor vs Denver and beat the Titans 
You did the write up last year, right?
I cannot write the thing myself, but I would love to help /u/MikeTysonChicken 
You did an awesome job on your last write up. I'd definitely be ok with you doing this one. If you need any help let me know. I'm not a writer but would be happy to contribute with any research or really anything you need. 
Hey man, would love to tag team this one with you. Your write up last summer was great too (on short notice as well)! Whatever works for you is good (as I see you beat me to this one anyways haha)
I'm willing to help you if needed.
I volunteer as tribute. 
I'll send you brews to get it done 
Go for it. I just want a crack our our off-season  wrap up after the draft.
I can do whatever sections you don't want to do or just help where needed. 
Depends, you gonna make it worth my while? ;)You got it, boss. I'm in.Edit: /u/skepticismissurvival I'm in again for 2017, /r/chibears franchise tagged me
Can I help? I'm not the best writer but I watched every game this year and am good with stats/charts/math/cap space stuff.
It's looks like you have this well in hand, but if you guys need additional input, let me know. I'm a writer in grad school for screenwriting, but looking for more chances to work on sports material.
Yeah, just the draft part again right?
Sounds like a lot of people want to help and you'll have a bunch of content- if you need help filling gaps I'd love to chip in.
I can definitely help out since it's a big job. Just let me know what parts you might need help with. 
Same! Let's Coordinate
I also volunteer /u/thehbrwhammer for the redskins write up
always appreciate you!hope to see more redskins breakdowns from you :)
[Last year's write up](https://www.reddit.com/r/nfl/comments/47jxwf/32_teams32_days_day_14_the_new_orleans_saints/) was great. Depressing, but well done.
Oh man you were last year? I thought that was me. 
Not enough ginger giraffe last time?
OK, I'm in.
I'd sort of like to see /u/ItsMajorObviousNow do it if Gipsy isn't. Skep knows how to reach me if nobody else takes it.You could take a stab at it /u/FigityFuck
We need a in-depth review of the Derek Carr Khalil Mack bromance.
My gf's birthday is 3/6 and I'm not gonna have enough time to write a full piece before then. I can help out with a section or two maybe.
I'd be very happy to collaborate on one
I would be more than happy to assist you as I can't take on the time constraints to volunteer to do everything solo.
Anyone but the guy we had last year
I can do a break down of the games throughout the season if you wanted any help, I have gamepass and would love to have a reason to go back and watch each game. Just let me know
I would love to help too. Maybe we can get five or so writers and work collaboratively? 
I volunteered but if you get the job I would be happy to help you out.
I'm happy to help you out if are selected. 
I'd love to help you with it!
Haha, I was thinking the same thing. Guess I can bite the bullet a thesis about hating ryan fitzpatrick 
Yeah I'm willing to help too, I just can't fully commit to doing it myself.
I threw my name in the ring for it, if we can the three of us could write up. I don't mind doing the organizing and editing on top of writing some.
Last year, due to someone dropping out, we split up the job among a couple of members (I got to be one of them), and I would really love to see more of that.  There are a lot of talented analysts in our fan base, after all.
If /u/skepticismissurvival needs someone, I'm happy to do it. But I'll let everybody else get a crack at it first. 
I haven't seen any other ravens either. If you would like some very limited help, I'm down
If you want help I'd be glad to
I don't know if these people have time to watch a five hour video of solid complains lol
hey, I was the writer last year and I'm taking it on again, but I definitely would welcome help. Are there sections that you would like to do? 
I'm in. Think this season is make it or break it. Careers measured in such a short time. 
I'd be happy to help out. PM me if you need it.
If the Bucs need a guy I can get this out, though March is a busy month for me.
That's only for the Offseason Review series.
I'd like to help with this. Let me know what sections/stats/storylines you'd like me to tackle. :)
While I'd love to do it, I checked out his post history and he'd be excellent, if selected.  
Thanks, but nah.
That would be awesome! Thanks.
I'd love to help!
I'm happy to help if you end up getting it!
I'll gladly help.
Where's ejt14211 when you need him, I'm always impressed with his knowledge of the bills
Yeah man. I'm down to help again, this is always a fun project.
Let me know if you get selected. I'm willing to throw my lot in with you and help you get some of the work done. Vice versa, if I get selected.
Get rid of that flair right now.
/u/skepticismissurvival
just 1000 to roast Gus, im hoping for 10,000 words
What if he is that guy 
I did the offseason review back in the summer for /u/isenru, plus the Giants hater version of that. Helped out isenru with the season review last winter
Thanks man, will do. /u/isenru has done them in the past as well and they great as well. Leaving it up to him!
Yeah, I was a bit excited and jumped on it lol. And thanks! I'll shoot you a PM tomorrow about it, totally on board with tag-teaming this.
definitely 
Alright.
That's cool man. Just tell me what parts you want to do.
Hey let me know if you need help with anything.  I'd like to contribute.  
Totally, as I am terrible with charts and numbers.  
I'm sure /u/timnog would not mind. Would be good to have some PFF and overthecap info in our write ups
Sure if that's what you'd like.I guess /u/timnog and I will work on assignments for everyone. Thanks all of you!
Thanks, buddy. We'll keep you updated
do you think maybe we should make a sticky in /r/seahawks so we can all collaborate data over time? id love to write up draft needs and even supply some analysis on why we require them.
Did you do the offseason review? There's 2 of them, you might've done that one 
It will be an emotional one, perhaps saying good-bye to the ginger giraffe. Unless he decides to sign on for a short backup contract with the Bucs and hopes that there aren't so many other valuable QBs hitting the market then.
Wait what? Why me? I've never done a write up before...Honored that you'd think of me though
>skep knows how to reach meAround? Reach...around? You guys do butt stuff is what I'm saying
Yeah fuck that guy
Sure, I also have gamepass but some help would be great
I made a post on the Falcons sub with a call for assistant writers. I put a list of potential topics that you could help with, are you still up for doing individual game reviews?https://www.reddit.com/r/falcons/comments/5tgz1f/call_for_assistant_writers_for_the_32_teams_32/
Sure, I'll coordinate it and set something up
Am in the same boat. Love the Falcons, would love to be a part of this great community however I can!
Hey! Thanks for offering to help, much appreciated! I made a post on the Falcons sub with a list of potential topics to write about. Please have a look at it and see if anything looks interesting to you https://www.reddit.com/r/falcons/comments/5tgz1f/call_for_assistant_writers_for_the_32_teams_32/
Absolutely. Thanks man. Will pm you when I get started on it. 
But we need the hype... Otherwise people will continue to think the Titans will win the south next year
I don't have any specific sections in mind, but I would love to help. If you want me to write on a specific thing or if you wanna toss me all the stuff you don't wanna do, that'd be great!
That's right, I always conflate the two.
Awesome, any and all help will be appreciated. I have tomorrow off, so I'll start roughing it out and getting in contact with you about help. Thanks!
That'd be great!
I can help as well!
Working on finalizing the list now. You're on it.
*xfiles theme*
Cool! I'm excited as well, these are a lot of fun to write up.
I definitely will help too. I did a mularkey running game breakdown last offseason that I really enjoyed. https://www.reddit.com/r/tennesseetitans/comments/4bjd0f/_/
I did it last year and totally put it off then it was hell. So don't do what I did! Haha have fun and let me know if you need any help.
Sweet. Looking forward to it!
Good idea. I'm happy to chip in if it's needed.
I did the one just before this year now that I think about it. Anyway I'd love to help if you need it! 
I've never done one of these, either. Just noticed you've been doing more film stuff and draft prep - which takes knowledge of the team. 
Hey, that's not chill...
Yes I will get a write up of them to you as soon as possible, I will send it via PM or on E-mail, whichever is easiest for you
It appears I volunteered a bit too late to do the article, but if I am not chosen, I would be glad to contribute.
Nice I would love to help 
Cool, figured I'd ping you in case you missed it
yeah we can split it up. I'm all for that
I'd be happy if you could send me a link to yours last year so I know how I need to approach it.
Do us proud guys
Yeah man I dunno. Most of my draft prep has been I think we can do better at this position and I watched film on this guy and liked him. Even at that I consider myself a novice. /u/gipsysafety , /u/sio-kedelic and yourself are probably much better suited for it. I don't know if I would be able to do a whole write up like this based off my current knowledge or time constraints. That being said if anyone wants help with a section I could probably do that. I could probably tackle one of the last two sections OP wants just based off how much time I spend on /r/oaklandraiders and /r/NFL_Draft but wouldn't feel comfortable doing more.
I helped with a section when Sio did it two years ago, and would be willing to do it again.  Don't have the time or ability to do the whole thing thoughAlso my writing skills are piss poor, but at least I can get some content down if you don't mind editing.
Yeah, well he did great the two years before last, but totally phoned it in at the last minute in 2016. 
Hey! Thanks for offering to help, much appreciated! I made a post on the Falcons sub with a list of potential topics to write about. Please have a look at it and see if anything looks interesting to you https://www.reddit.com/r/falcons/comments/5tgz1f/call_for_assistant_writers_for_the_32_teams_32/
Hey! Thanks for offering to help, much appreciated! I made a post on the Falcons sub with a list of potential topics to write about. Please have a look at it and see if anything looks interesting to you https://www.reddit.com/r/falcons/comments/5tgz1f/call_for_assistant_writers_for_the_32_teams_32/
Sweet! Let me know how you want me and I'll get started on it this weekend and next weekend since I'll be free then. 
http://www.reddit.com/r/nfl/comments/4afufr/_/
That's totally alright my man. You just came to mind but no pressure at all.
Hmm, fair, no argument there. 
Looks like you guys will need Google Docs.  
<3
I actually have 116 GB of storage on Google because I use pictures and docs so much, especially to transfer files between computers. 
Well, I was fired yesterday afternoon. And when I mean fired, I mean I was terminated by HR by mistake instead of my other co-worker who turned in his notice yesterday.
I live vicariously through Tom Brady 
Bad news everyone.....caught feelings for a Packers fan. But she's literally the sweetest and I don't have a whole lot of friends into sports so it's nice to have someone to talk about them with--bitter rivalries aside. You'd think there'd be a lot more lesbians out there who are into sports but I have yet to meet anyone besides her lmaoEdit: for the record!! we're not dating or anything, more like a crush. I kinda get the feeling it's a mutual crush but who knows. One of us has to break eventually and confess 
Pitchers and Catchers report Monday!!!
On the thread about Steve Sarkisian still being in treatment yesterday, I posted [this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/nfl/comments/5t2qnj/falcons_oc_steve_sarkisian_said_hes_still_in_a/ddjoaaq/) about alcoholism. Someone got offended with my interpretation and PM'ed me saying that he didn't like how I talked about alcoholism and he would have his lawyers in touch with me. That was a new one for me. 
I know it's early to talk about it but damn it I would ABSOLUTELY LOVE for a Daft Punk Super Bowl Half time show.I genuinely think they could pull off a spectacular show using robotics and with the drones you can do a kickass show.Just my two cents
A truly glorious day: There is a taco bell opening not one mile from my house. Thinking of upgrayedding my name to MEGA_GLUTTON in celebration.
I'm going to get fit as fuck this offseason. No bullshit this time. Also, I loved Houston. Great city. Downtown was fuckin LIT, Flying Saucer is awesome, beautiful place. Cold as fuck on saturday tho
LEGO Batman Movie- not as good as the LEGO Movie, but really funny. Saw it last night.The opening 2 minutes (won't spoil anything), I was legitimately crying of laughter.
They said be yourself, I found out I'm really a joyless dick. 
Started watching Parks and Rec yesterday. I'm on season 3 and counting.... I'm addicted.
For the 1st time in my life, I'm finally in a relationship. So I'm pumped for this Valentines day! 
It still sucks. 
Well, I'm 24 today. I have no idea what to do with my day outside of dinner with parents. Shitposters of r/NFL, what should I do? 
Might be going to get my first ever custom suit, really (my) first suit ever, this weekend. It's a small thing, but I'm super hyped about it for some reason.
Ever since it came out in theatres, Scott Pilgrim vs. the World is still my personal favorite movie.Scott: You know your hair?Ramona: I know of it.Scott: It's all blue..Ramona: Dude I change my hair color every week and a half, get used to it.
So my cripplingly low self esteem saved me from being catfished just back on Wednesday. I knew it would come in handy one day.Basically, I msged this girl on POF and somehow I managed to get her number... to illustrate how rare of an occurrence this is, in my three years of being on Tinder/OKC/POF/Bumble/Happn/CMB and in well over a good thousand total messages sent and maybe 6 or 7 replies, this is the first time EVER that a girl gave me her number. So I rolled with it and texted her a bit and she told me she wanted to meet up and was kinda calling me sweetie, hon, and shit pretty early on. So my low self esteem kicked in, and I was nervous as fuck (having that same evil voice in the back of my mind telling me it's gonna fall apart or something is going to go seriously wrong and that things can't actually be going well... same mechanism that triggers when the Leafs have a 3rd period lead). Why is she attracted to me? Is she just trying to be nice and hide how much contempt she has for me? Am I really annoying her like I think I am? Is she... a she?. But I, never having been on a date in my life, couldn't act on the darkness and forged on and said sure and that's when she basically told me to fill out some bullshit safety form under the pretence of a traumatic experience in the past. Then I went back on POF and did a reverse image search on her pics and two of them were from an Instagram model named Francine Garcia. Gotcha. Also, in addition, someone told me I should've typed the phone number  in Facebook search bar. Great suggestion, I'll be sure to use it if I ever get another number, maybe in another 3 years.Well, fuck. I feel terrible to have gotten my hopes up. As much as I saved myself, I still can't help but feel even more dejected that the first I've ever gotten is a # from a fucking catfish. Maybe in another 3 years I'll get another number and I'll be catfished again.
If Marshall Faulk was a potato chip he'd be salt and vinegar.
My father-in-law owns a large warehouse that he has been throwing the Super Bowl parties at (about 100-120 people show up annually). This year they had a Corn Hole tournament (winner got $100). 1-table poker tournaments ($20 to buy in and winner gets $100 due to 5 person tables). The usual Super Bowl squares, but given the number of people there were 2 square sheets. And then he had everyone write down their guess as to what the score would be fore each team at halftime and end of game. Closest without going over at the half got $100 and the closest without going over for the final score of the game won an Xbox One S (battlefield 1 included).    I won the poker table I was on...my team won the Super Bowl...and I guessed Patriots: 34, Falcons: 27 so I ended up winning the Xbox One S.    What an awesome week.
The wall is going to cost 21.6 billion. Honest it's not as bad as I thought it would be.
I need to cut Twitter out of my life, I argue way too much.
On Super Bowl Sunday my family and I went to church in Houston before heading over to the game. 4 pews ahead of us was Bill O'Brien and his son. Bill O'Brien went to the same high school as me in Massachusetts. When I saw that Holy Butt Chin I knew it was a sign from God that we would win this game. And boy did they!
For being the console that the majority thinks is the best, I have had way more problems with my PS4 than I should have. It's crashed more times than my Xbox and I've lost a ton of save data. Not to mention that stupid power button that hasn't worked for me since day 1. This is probably purely anecdotal though and I'm sure someone else has the same stories about the Xbox
I've been doing a series of 8-10 minute podcasts about math, econ, philosophy, etc and how they relate to football. It's my own hokey little project but I'm proud of it and I'm posting it here, dammit.https://www.spreaker.com/user/purpleptsd/im04-gettiercases?autoplay=1
Going to be seeing a couple of houses this weekend. I finally feel like an adult.
501st Legion elections are way WAAAAAAY more political and backstabby than a fucking star wars costuming organization should be
Started playing Stardew Valley... Annnd I'm addicted. That being said, I'm going to ask my boss for a raise next week and I have lots of ammo to throw at him.
I had 64% in my level 3 electrical course going into today's exam.I scored an 84 and raised my mark to 70%. It's a pass. I went to my truck right after class and I cried like a baby. My mom passed 6 weeks ago and I was an absolute mess. I thought I was a goner in class.I didn't give up though. I just pushed a bit harder. I want everyone here to know that if they're feeling down or out, just give it that little bit more, no matter what. It's worth it.
A few weeks ago, at 190 I decided enough is enough. 26 years old, 6'1, 190, I decided I didn't like how I looked. No it isn't crazy big and probably didn't even qualify as fat for that height, but I still had some stomach fat and overall just didn't like it.So far a few weeks in to that change, I'm 179 and have definitely seen/felt my stomach shrink.The biggest changes were no more Pepsi (I drank 4-5 a day) and everyday exercise (2 miles a day, crunches, pushups, minor weight work, other stuff)Feels good for not only the scale to show it, but to feel/see my stomach shrinking.My target weight is 170 unless there is still a little stomach fat I want to burn off. I'd like to attempt to have a six pack for the first time in my life, but I'm not sure if that'll be possible since on my new life change I'm only taking in 1400 calories a day.
I accepted a job offer today. After freelancing since May and barely scraping by so far this year I couldn't be happier. This might be the happiest week of my life.
I figured out that the girl I've had a crush on has had a boyfriend for the past year and I wanna fucking die
Hope we hear the loudest boos Saturday and KD shoots 3-20
I got my vasectomy appointment today. GF was not thrilled at all. But what can I say, I rather lose her than have another kid (we have one in the way). I didn't tell her about my plans directly, I mean I commented several times that I wanted a vasectomy. 
I made this ages ago and I've never found a good spot to use it[http://i.imgur.com/S2E4SJ8.png](http://i.imgur.com/S2E4SJ8.png)
[120 lives later, I finally learned FR Skip.](https://www.twitch.tv/videos/121086941)
So college was closed today due to the storm last night and I should be doing homework but instead I'm watching NFL Top 10's on youtube all day...
It's 77 degrees in Denver today yet we are still going to get a ton of snow tomorrow. These changes in weather make Minnesota's seem like it has the consistency of San Diego's weather.
Nioh! is awesome. Any dark souls fan should check it out 
Closing on my first home on 2/27...it is a new construction that will be complete on 2/21Anyone have any tips on what I need to pay close attention to during the initial and final walk thru? I am worried there are things that I might forget about, overlook or miss completely
I got a promotion at work, but it really means more hours and no extra pay. It's shit and I feel like I'm being patronized, the hours promised aren't even showing up. My managers all say they'll look into it. when I question them about it. I have a feeling I'm looking at my last days in retail, I'm getting fed up. 
The Superbowl was 5 days ago and I still have a huge fucking smile on my face. How beautiful would it be if the Saints won the Superbowl next season? 
Fuck biochemistry. How the hell do I get a 64 on the first exam I felt like I aced. The shittiest feeling I tell you. 
I got dumped on my birthday. Which is exactly a week before valentines day. I had other bullshit going on, and them the superbowl happened, which was a cherry on top, the  i got dumped, which was like a shit on top of the terrible week cake, and i was pretty depressed.Then i got a surprise party 2 days after my birthday and i was brought to tears. Its been a crazy rollercoaster of a week.
I'm on day four (potentially five) of a fucking nasty stomach flu that won't let me throw up, and it's probably the nastiest sickness I've had since getting mono and strep at the same time when I was 6. I've slept about a combined six hours over the past few days, constantly either running to the bathroom or writhing around. Oh yeah. My gf has it too, so I've had to share our one bathroom lolBut I've been distracting my pain with scouting reports and [new art](https://www.reddit.com/r/pokemon/comments/5t183k/first_time_posting_art_here_decidueye_using/)! [Got one done on Jourdan Lewis (CB Michigan)](https://www.reddit.com/r/NFL_Draft/comments/5sonj8/jourdan_lewis_cb_michigan_6game_tape_breakdown/) earlier in the week, and I am wrapping up one on Sidney Jones (CB Washington) that should go live in a few days.    
Anyone else play Fire Emblem Heroes? It's my first Gacha, but I really like it. 
Started to try to finish the west wing again. On season 5 pretty funny how everything in this show happened in real life not to long ago. Especially the government shut down. Sorkin needs to write a new season now because of Trump. It would be amazing. 
Saw Sampha in DC on Wednesday. One of the best concerts I've been to, such an incredible voice. He is going to blow up hopefully. 
Everything in my body cracks when I get out of bed in the morning. I think I'm getting old.
I've discovered I'm *really* good at roleplaying in Skyrim when drunk. I don't how/why but I am just able to focus on my character and their goals. I installed the alternative start mod and made him a landowner/homeowner in Whiterun. Decided to roleplay as a hunter. So I go out during the day, in the land surrounding Whiterun and hunt for furs. I'll then sell them at the end of the day, but I think I might just save them for the end of the week...
Guys, I'm cutting my hair for the first time since getting out of the military, which was about 8 months ago. I'll be shaving my face too.I will look like a 12 year old boy. 
R.I.P /u/I_Dumped_Adele. You will be missed. 
Just picked up a ps4 last week. Holy shit is it fun. Anyone have any game recomendations? I picked up: dishonored, madden, FC primal, destiny, ratchet and clank already. Very pumped for horizon zero dawn as well.
So I bought Downy Scent Booster, and my life has been so much better. Every day when I grab a shirt, it smells like it JUST came out of the laundry. I've even started washing my sheets every week because of how great it is
One of these weeks someone will want to get bodied in Gears of War UE. Any takers?
So my next door neighbor who happens to be my cousin(we aren't close) just got arrested. There was at least 15 sheriffs and swat busted in their door 
Favorite Final Fantasy and why?    Bonus question: how hard does Final Fantasy XIII blow and why?
Bills fans are in a uproar Tyrod Won't resign doesn't matter they win a max of 6 games anyway look at the talent and their schedule 
Anybody got advice for traveling to the Philippines?
My left wrist is funky enough for me to be afraid of it, but not bothersome enough for me to actually go to the doctor. Sort of scared of what they'd tell me is wrong with it since it's my dominant hand.
It's predicted to be up to 46 degrees Celsius here today, get absolutely fucked. 
It's Friday, my dudes. Busy weekend, but I'm looking forward to not going to class for two days. 
Can Defensive Players use those TV cameras which hover above the field to Key-In on the direction of the play?In recent years the NFL has rigged up cameras which hang above the field behind the offensive team.But if you watch big play highlights, the camera turns and moves and follows the ball carrier.I wonder if any NFL corners, safeties, or linebackers have started using that camera to avoid misdirection trick plays.
Bow to the GOAT12, fuckin bow down!
I bought a PS 4 thinking video games would be a great way to get out of a funk. This was a week ago. Anyone want a PS 4? Come and get it, it's yours for free. 
Phoenix pay system is still fucked up beyond comprehension. Thankfully I got overpaid not underpaid the last couple paychecks but I'm still going to have to plan carefully for a bit. 
I gave up drinking and all meat but seafood after the Super Bowl  (minus meat I need to cook off still that I bought prior).I better lose a ton of weight for this.
Anyone here do any app development? I wrote an Android app for my company and now they want to do iOS but told me to look into React Native. Looks like it's still in it's infancy. Would love to get some feedback from anyone that's used it?(I'll probably post this somewhere more appropriate but I love getting feedback and input from the people here).
I can't wait another week for Cure for Wellness, it looks like a really good movie 
woke up this morning and stomach decided that it was time to throw up. so that's going for me.
In other news the overwatch changes on the PTR are dank. 
Nothing worse than having to walk your dog the day after a snowstorm. Fucking salt. 
It's so frustrating that RWBY and football go to the offseason at the same time
That sounds like a good excuse to take a long weekend and get that straightened out on Monday.
[deleted]
Wait, what?  Why didn't you correct them.  
Sounds like that could cause you significant emotional distress.  Time to ask for a raise
Are you working towards getting your job back? 
You have an awesome vicarious life.
Me too! I find myself wondering what a guy like Tom Brady is doing right now. I bet he's sitting in his living room wearing an expensive sweater and sweat pants while eating a perfectly portioned scoop of avocado ice cream. It's never more than a single portion because he doesn't like to overindulge on things and he really only wants a taste of it. Then, once he's finished, he washes the bowl in the kitchen immediately instead of just leaving it until the end of the day because he's a good guy who likes to keep things tidy. After he's done washing the bowl he reads an article from the New Yorker from his Ipad or something. 
[deleted]
We are all Tom Brady on this blessed day. 
Who wouldn't love to live vicariously through him?Tom Brady is like a fucking real life Disney movie
RULE 1. YOU DO NOT DATE WITH IN THE DIVISION [Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2gBc84L7-Vs)
Shit, I married a Lions fan, talk about misery loving company.  
Yes yes step one is admitting to yourself the grass is greener up in Lambeau. Next you'll be wearing an Aaron Rodgers jersey and the tranformation will be complete.
At least your more like a traditional rival, and not like a real rival that is actual a threat to GB:)
I've been dating a Packer fan for years. It's trying at times, but part of me now thinks dating a fellow Viking fan would be boring. The rivalry keeps it interesting.Some things make it easier. We don't live in Wisconsin, thank god.  Whenever the Packers get eliminated from SB contention, I get a good laugh. She actually hates Aaron Rodgers too, so that's fun for us to share.Oddly enough, it helped that Wisconsin went for Trump in the election. Now whenever she gets all uppity I just mention that and she shuts right the hell up. It's hilarious.These are just some insights for you going forward. Hope it helps.
Congrats!
None of my friends talk about football at all. I'm actually the one getting made fun of at my table for liking football so much. So I'd take any new football-loving friend lol.
I married a Bengals fan... so it goes. 
My boss and one of my teammates are both Packers fans. I thought I'd have the worst time ever at work catching flack from those two, but they are some of the best people I've worked with so far. I can tolerate the light banter we have come rivalry week.I think it can make for a cute relationship with some light-hearted banter between you two. Unless she's an ignorant af Packers fan who hates the Bears for irrational reasons, in which case drop her
If it makes you feel any better, I caught feelings for a Pats fan.
Congrats!
 http://i.imgur.com/fMIf5Ce.jpg 
Can't wait for the Red Sox to win a World Series. It's been too long since a championship has been brought to the city. Like 5 days. 
Last 1/3 of the NHL season is starting, lets not get ahead of ourselves.
I'm so excited for the Mariners to crush my hopes and dreams.
I already have Rocktober marked on my calendar. 
Based Crawford now
I don't see the issue with your comment at all. While it's probably bullshit, I would like to see someone walk into a lawyers office, only to get laughed out of the office because it's something on Reddit
Most lawyers are alcoholics so they will understand you.
His lawyers are going to talk with you because you brought up alcoholism on Reddit? Oh the times in which we live. 
You've been backtraced by the cyber police.
Hi, this is his lawyers. I just wanted to let you know you're pretty much fucked six ways from Tuesday. You better stop, posthaste and probably pay all fees ASAP to avoid accruing any other future charges. Thanks.-- His lawyer 
I'll have you know my lawyers are going to be in contact with your shortly. How dare you post something without me liking it!
I don't understand how any of what you said is offensive or wrong. Speaking as someone who has a family history full of the disease.
Anytime someone brings up addiction or alcoholism threads just explode with vitriol. 
Am Falcons fan of around 25 years. Love beer.Father-in-law is recovering (successful!) alcoholic. I don't see anything wrong with your jest. That kinda shit you have to take off the chin. Also, good for Sarkisian for even going for treatment. It takes a lot of fucking balls to admit there's a problem, and even more to do something about it. I struggle with mental health issues and I'm actively doing something about it, but I can also take a joke.
At least it was coherent enough to understand. Last idiot to threaten to sue me spread it out over 3 messages and I couldn't even tell what he was going on about other than lawyers would be involved.
Oh you sweet summer child
I thought it was a great post. Lots of good discussion below it as well. 
I'd support that. Or an Outkast reunion Super Bowl halftime show. 
Personally, I'd kill for an Iron Maiden halftime show.
I didn't realize how much I needed this until now.
I would buy super bowl tickets just for that. I saw Daft Punk live at Red Rocks when I was 16 years old and it forever spoiled me for other shows. Best. Show. Ever. 
>Thinking of upgrayedding my name to MEGA_GLUTTON in celebration.Donezo.
More like MEGA_POOPIN after a Taco Bell meal. 
Glutton_Supreme
Oh boy...taco bell wrecks havoc on me...but it's so good.
I saw this comment, saw it didn't appear to be /u/the_glutton, and was all prepared to tag you to help a brother out
A Chic-fil-a just opened up like 3 minutes from where I work and about 10 minutes from where I live...I can feel my pants getting tighter every day. I feel you man, bask in the glory.
Are you sure it's a Taco Bell and not a UFO?
Houston weather has been bat shit crazy. One minute, it's tropical weather then God remembers it's February.
It's drawn rave reviews as a Super Bowl host city.  Uncle lives out there, I have a blast every time I visit.
> I'm going to get fit as fuck this offseason. No bullshit this time.I have said this before too!Did not go well. Good luck to you
On my list to see this weekend. I'm just gonna pretend I didn't see your La La Land review last week... :-p
Well how big of a Batman fan are you? Because if someone is a huge Batman fan, do you think they would like it more?   Asking for a frien-ME
Fuck yes! Bought tickets to go see it with the kids tonight. I don't know who's more excited, me or my 6 year old.
With the John Wick hype, I didn't realize that it was this weekend. I guess now I have two movies to go see this week!
Saw it last night. In my mind, it doesn't even matter that it's a Lego movie - it's just a solid Batman flick.
Some of the jokes about robin had me rolling. I was stifling my laughter so as not to be too loud 
I feel like /r/solipsism is leaking, because this is me.
The good news is, you found the right fanbase!
That and the Officer are my chaser shows. I will watch an interesting but heavy Drama, Documentary, horror, etc. film or show at night and then watch an ep of that and I am good to go.
i just finished. Love that show
Home cooked meal >>> going out unless it's a Denny's.
Sucker got roped in before V-Day. Bet her birthday is next month too. Congrats though!
I'm going to be doing what I do every year. Cry alone in my room.
And it'll suck all off-season. That one holding call. What if he'd held on? What if Brady's throw had been picked? At least you guys look more ready for a re-run than we did/do. ^I ^^hope ^^^y'all ^^^^lose ^^^^10+ ^^^^games ^^^^though.
enjoy the reprieve that the offseason provides, but steel yourself for it to brought up in nearly every one of your primetime games.
The memes will hurt the most, after 43-8 I didn't go on the internet for a week except for porn and homework. 
Get drunk and shitpost? That's what I did on my birthday.
Happy birthday. Go see Lego Batman.
Get black out drunk. Don't spend the day here with us. 
Sit back, listen to Neil Young, go to a museum and smoke a Cuban. That's what I did for my 24th on Monday. 
I am in the same boat but my bday is tomorrow
See a movie?
Find a good tailor and keep him for life. I used mine from when I was 8 and got my first suit until he died last month.
Oh man..Such a great feeling. A tailored suit makes you look good and feel good. enjoy
Oh my GOD. It's life changing. Got mine a little over a year ago and now I look for *any* excuse to wear it 
That, my friend, is your welcome gift to the adult world. Suits are da bomb. 
Trust me, you'll never want another off the rack suit ever again.  Once you go tailored, you never go back
Welcome to the club buddy.Fair warning, it's an addiction. One day you're getting your first mtm suit, next thing you know you have a walk in closet completely filled with suits and sport coats and are buying suits not because you need them, but just because you had an idea and you think it'll look super sweet as a three piece, peak lapel one button with contrast pique stitching and navy mother of pearl buttons. Then come the shoes. John Lobb is a saint. 
Just got my first tailored suit last week for an upcoming interview! I've never felt so much self-confidence in my appearance as when I put that bad boy on
Just got mine last week, it's quite the treat
Sounds like ~~Seahawks~~ ~~Panthers~~ Falcons fans
Yeah that movies an underrated gem in my opinion.
Bread makes you fat!? I bet it would look better short! Are two quotes that return to me all the time. 
It was a good movie but wish it followed the comics a lot more. I know it was not possible at the time but the movie missed out a bunch of characters and references. Plus the comics take place more then what it seems to be 3 days. 
I'm in the same mindset as you, if someone halfway attractive messages me on OKC/Match/Tinder, something is definitely fishy.
How's life being a Leafs and Browns fan?
I would give /r/OkCupid a look, and let them critique your profile, they'll point out what's wrong and try and give out suggestions on how to make it better.When they did mine, it was a total overhaul, and met my current SO as a result of it(from POF btw), and that was 5 months ago. Great community, but just be aware, they're only trying to give out pointers and to help sell yourself on the dating scene, so don't let that get to you.
Zeke Elliot- Red Hot Riplets
I lived for a couple months off of weekly $10 4-5 man sit'n'gos like that in college.  Very fun, very easy when the people you play with aren't good at poker
The wall is an illusion to a problem which doesnt exist. Most of those here illegally came on valid student and work visas and then never left. They didnt sneak into this country.
Still a dumb investment no matter how much it costs. 
That's just the cost to build. Same report estimated that maintenance would exceed cost after 7 years.
Yes because government projects oftentimes come in on time and at budget.
I can think of a lot of ways in which to better invest $21 billion, especially if we want to get serious about illegal immigration. It's like the travel ban. Really big grandiose idea that isn't a sensible policy solution if decreasing terrorism is the aim.  
We don't need the wall what we need to do is go after the employers, if you make it so that hiring an illegal immigrant you would get fined $500,000 and a five-year mandatory minimum in prison sentence it would become nonexistent and most would go home.  Right now fines are around $2,000 to $10,00 and six months in prison at the worst.  It's irrelevant because the construction and agriculture industry will make sure we don't actually fix it, but certain republicans will rally against it and do things that won't work in the end like gigantic walls or new monitoring drones while not making a dent in reducing illegal immigrants. . 
Haha, they're trying to sucker people in with a low cost. As soon as it gets the greenlight, Trump's contractor buddies are going to run into problem after problem and delay after delay and ramp up the cost for as long as possible. But that's okay, because don't you care about your children/America?
Man, first time I read that I thought to myself, damn, BOB went to church the morning of the superbowl?  Didn't he have more important coaching things to do to get ready?Then I remembered he left the pats like 4 years ago lol.
I thought people liked Xbox better. I know I do.Does the actual majority think PS4 is best? or the reddit-contrarian-majority?I don't read about gaming here but judging from my group of friends and FB, Xbox is wayyyyy more popular
I've never had a problem with any of my Playstations. I hardmodded my PSX, softmodded my PS2, bought a used PS3 and a new PS4.My Xbox (original) got a short after 5 or 6 years. My 360 got a RROD. Not buying the XB1, there aren't enough exclusives that I care about and I'm just sticking to one console now.
I can't play on a Playstation because it doesn't have the elite controller. I need those paddles on the bottom of a controller now, it's become essential
I'll give it a listen later! Or sometime this weekend I'm in my office
Hell yeah man! House hunting is super fun. Like, unfairly so. If you can, ask to run all the appliances.
There are few feelings in life as awesome as buying your first house!  Bonus points if it's isolated enough that you can pee off your own deck or on your own trees.
Congrats! I wouldn't change the house we bought, but looking at houses is extremely fun to do. It can get a little hectic depending on the housing market in your area though
Ha. I think we're going to need some more info. Maybe a mini AMA.
Congrats dude. Your mom would be proud for pulling through for sure. Not everyone would have the drive to keep chugging like that.
I feel like you should be getting toned not losing weight
170 at 6'1'' seems off...
Congratulations! I hope your job makes you happy or at the very least doesn't irritate you.
Now how long have you crushed on this girl?Either way, doesn't matter. Plenty of fish in the sea, just work on yourself, don't focus on being single. If you're feeling like testing the waters, online dating can't hurt you (unless you match w/ a serial killer ofc)Of if you really want this girl, there's always this time-tested advice I got from a friend:Just because there's a goalie doesn't mean you can't score.I interpret that as kicking a soccer ball in the guy's direction and seeing what happens.
Lol bro did you just casually drop it in there? Right I'll pick up milk right after I snip the boys
After all that patience, this FTF thread was the opportunity you knew you had to seize?
did you hear aaron rodger on you made it weird podcast?
I'm out of the loop on this reference.
.....rollin around at the speed of sound 
Congrats dude! Those kill plains seem annoying hahaha 
In VA it was 70 two days ago, then yesterday random blizzards with a ton of wind and low visibility but not cold enough for anything to really stick to the ground, low 20s today, and tomorrow projected to be back up into the 60s. 
I haven't heard we're getting snow tomorrow in Colorado. 9 news shows a chance on Sunday, but a high of 44. 
Dropped like 50 degrees in a day here in Boston. I didn't know thundersnow was a thing until this year 
I plan on it. I hate games that coddle you. They're a dime a dozen these days. Love me a good, fair, and challenging Team Ninja game. I spent dozens of hours with the Ninja Gaiden franchise. **Edit:** [I swapped a tweet with Chris Kluwe](https://twitter.com/ChrisWarcraft/status/829797364781109248) about it yesterday. He approves. 
Man, I hadn't even heard about it until yesterday when my friend mentioned it to me and said it's like dark souls. How good? Like Almost bloodbourne level or no?
Minor gripe. I hate that Nioh keeps getting compared to souls. As a huge team ninja fan and Ninja Gaiden savant it just irks me to know it's based on their own IP which came before souls.Then again, souls is amazing and super famous. Anything that gets the game more recognition and more sales to keep Team Ninja going is a great thing. Really glad people are enjoying the game.
Test all the appliances. Close, lock and unlock every single door. Check the walls closely for any nail pops. All anecdotal, but all things I wish I would've caught.
Is it built off a model? If you go custom there are always a few annoying quirks. For me stuff like an island or a column being slightly off center. You won't notice it right away usually but once you do it's horrible.
> retailrun my friend. run as fast as you possibly can.
I want Lewis in GB!
<3 Ainsley Hayes. 
Different bed needed? 
Get into playing tabletop RPGs!  I get pretty drunk and play D&D (or equivalent) over Skype with friends on a weekly basis, it's so fun!
How did you let it grow that long? Years later I still get bugged when my hair touches my ear
Ha I've been wearing a beanie at work the past month because I've let my hair turn into a nest.  Don't let the man make you conform!
Overwatch. 
Bloodborne and Nioh if you like challenging games
Rocket League if you don't have it on PC yet.
If you haven't played any of the uncharted games or the last of us. Go do that right now. I also recommend borderlands handsome collection if you haven't played those games either.
I'm finally getting around to playing through Shadows of Mordor.  Really fun game w/ some cool mechanics.
Bloodborne, The Last of Us Remastered, Nioh, Resident Evil 7
Rocket League its the only game i play now
If I wasn't garbage at the game I'd take you up on it. Every single gears it takes me like two years to get good with that iteration's gnasher and then the new one comes out and completely changes the gnasher again.Gears 3 was the only one I was damn good at, and that's only because the lancer was viable and I used the, admittedly OP as fuck, sawed off.I bought gears 4, played like 5 online matches and just gave up.
Does Tactics count?  I love Tactics so much, but I suppose I have to go with IX followed by VII.XIII sucks because it doesn't have out of the way treasure chests for you to pick up.  Definitely on rails.  And such a cool premise and world lost out on with crappy characters.  IX is the whole package.  Throwback to old school graphics, great characters, deep story.  Downfalls of course, but it covers everything I love about FF and RPG's.  
Have a friend (preferably male) with you. If you can get a native to show you where the cool stuff is, don't hesitate. Avoid flashy clothing and don't wear a watch or any sort of jewelry. While most Filipinos are very good, gracious people, there ARE going to be the ones who'll want to pickpocket or mug you. It really depends on which island you're visiting.
Lifelong wrist problems here, what you got I can probably tell you what they'll say.Hint: Its tendinitis probably. 
Does ice help or a warm compress? If it's warm, then it's probably muscle/tendon damage. Ice, it's a joint or nerve thing. (I'm not a doctor, that's just my observation of years of various ailments and injuries) 
Yes plz
Are you in school or out of school and working/unemployed?Did something change in your life (lost contact with a friend, dumped, pet/family member died)?Do you work out often?What's your diet like?Do you smoke and/or drink?When was the last time you weren't in a funk?Obviously, don't answer what you don't want to, but I hate when people are down (like I currently am!) and want to help you see what's the cause and get better.
What's got ya down? What do you have for ps4?
I mean, I wouldn't say noHow did the funk start, if you don't mind me asking?
depends how much bread you consume
I haven't used React Native, but I've used React and... I think it's a trend that will go away very quickly. It's already kind of being supplanted by Angular 2. I hate its syntax and its mixing of server and display logic, as well as all the ridiculous hoops you have to jump through to support it on older browsers (obviously this is less of a problem for Native). That being said, it's definitely an easier approach if you're going to support apps on both iOS and Android. I had a coworker once who went off about how React was going to replace *Java*. As in you won't ever need to write any Java ever! I asked him what was going to happen if an app needed to interact with device hardware. APIs! And what language are those APIs written in? Rust! I didn't even know how to respond.On that note, yes, I am somewhat crotchety and hate how trendy things in programming are going to supplant everything and then they disappear a year later. 
[Early Rotten Tomatoes](https://www.rottentomatoes.com/m/a_cure_for_wellness) say it ain't lookin' good...
I always tell myself Start RWBY when you got the time and forget about it. Goddammit, I will do it...soon!
I like the way you think.
Your history doesn't even look bad...At a quick glance at least.
What a little fucker 
That is fucked.
I got doxxed on an old account and someone did that to me. Boss told them to fuck off and that was the end of it
I bet you it was Adele
its infuriating that those kind of people actually exist.fuck whoever it was
Well my boss called me in and asked what the hell was going on when she got the notice. I told her I had no idea, and it must have been a mistake. She sent a sternly worded email to HR while I watched.
when someone gets fired it's, from an HR/company perspective, not as easy as walking out of there door. there's paperwork and other stuff to take care of too.it's not like the company is just gonna be like oh well you're fucked gl lol but it will take a day or two to sort out.
Then he throws a pancake onto the fucking ground and eats it
25 point collapse if true 
If we're being completely honest, Tom Brady's life is a movie that, once proposed to a director, would get turned down for being too unrealistic.  
Browns fan here married to a Bengals fan. Our mutual hate for Pittsburgh gets us through it. Plus it's only embarrassing if her team losses. 
lol this is fucking gold. 
That is amazing.
I giggled, but I disagree.Rivalry relationships make for the best bets, sex, and jokes. I love the chaos.
Except that's a little more than 'within the division,' that series is on a whole other level.
Bros before habs?
I mean, at least you aren't rivals 
I will never cross over to the dark side! Not even for love! She has to accept me and my miserable football team for who we are.
Who knows, by the time I get the guts to actually ask her out (or she gets the guts to ask me out) the Bears might be contenders again :') 
She hates Aaron Rodgers?? I don't think I've ever met a Packers fan who hated him wow. The girl I'm talking to loves him, but is critical of him when she needs to be which I actually love because he's not perfect all the time dang it. But it does seem like liking rival teams would keep things interesting, it definitely keeps our friendship interesting. Thanks for the insight, I appreciate it! I'm not worried about the effect it'll have on our relationship or anything, I mostly just found it funny that of all 32 teams, I happened to fall for a fan of my very least fave one. 
I feel you on that one. I have one friend irl who watches football and she's a very casual fan which is fine, but we can never have like in-depth conversations. I have a few really close friends who I met online (including the aforementioned Packers fan) through love of football so they're my outlet for all sports-related rants. The internet is a magical place. 
Yeah she's super nice and we tease each other a lot, especially during rivalry week but it never gets heated or anything. And as much as I loooved seeing the Packers get destroyed in the NFCCG, I wasn't a dick about it to her either. So its definietly not a problem for us, or has yet to be. Friends come before sports rivalries after all! 
There are irrational reasons for hating the Bears?
http://i.imgur.com/WhO0RVc.jpg
I fully expect it to be either the Red Sox or Indians facing the Cubs in the World Series this year. 
With all the celebration over the Super Bowl win I almost forgot we signed Chris Sale. Hopefully this can end the Red Sox long four-year title drought. 
I can feel the inevitable heartbreak already :(The fact the Caps are dominating so hard right now is only making it more prominent.
that and the memes
Fuck Mike Trout
My hopes and dreams were crushed when Sweet Jesus was shipped off, atleast it can't get any worse I guess
I'm equally ready for the Mets to crush mine 
So July/August when the inevitable Rockies collapse happens?
On the other hand, I'd like to see someone walk into a law office, have an attorney agree to meet with them, and then get laughed out of the office with a few hundred dollar bill to pay.
No lawyer is actually going to do anything. Uhh...my client didn't agree with something you said on the internet that wasn't even directed at him.
I am 4chan I know your real name Steve.
The consequences will never be the same
A mouserat reunion show would also be incredible. Sad they split up after Dwyer got drafted by the Colts. 
SB 53 is gonna be in Atlanta. That would be a damn good time to do it
As would I, but I don't think Bruce and the gang care for American football. Plus with how intricate their stage set ups always are they wouldn't be able to do anything extravagant. Also song lengths. They'd be able to play maybe trooper, RTTH and then beast or hallowed, whatever people know better, unfortunately not enough people like them. I'm fine with just seeing them live though, they perform so well.
Holy shit you madmen.
    a[href=https://www.reddit.com/user/the_glutton]::before {        content: MEGA_GLUTTON;        font-size: x-small;    }Clever....
I love you
Wait. What? You can change people's reddit username?
Worth it. 
XXL_Glutton_Supreme
I don't even give a fuck man. I will ride the porcelain throne with pride.
SB weekend was really crazy. Saturday a drizzle and cold as a mofo, on sunday I actually had to find some shade during the tailgate, sun came out hard. Then it rained!! ahahahahah
It went from 85 to 45 Wednesday night here in Bellville. (about an hour west) I had to put my window unit back in to cool the room off, only to turn the space heater back on in the morning.
But this time it will. I'm fucking depressed. Been hitting the gym about 10PM to get away from all my friends and everything. Don't wanna see nobody until the season begins again.
Wait. What'd he say about La La Land? 
I didn't really like the ending. The first 90% was good but the end came out of nowhere and felt cheap 
Don't  be ridiculous me. 
Watch Black Mirror if you want to watch the best show you'll ever see. Not a good chaser show, though...
IHOP at 3am is my second home. 
The worst is a late January bday.  Xmas rolls right into new years, rolls into her bday, rolls into Vday.Shits rough.
Well we are the Falcons, the 2 primetime games a year we get are usually spotlights for whoever we are playing
that's what i do every day!
Man that sounds great.  I might need to have a belated birthday day like this for my 25th
They really are. I wear jeans and a t shirt 99% of the time so on the very rare occassion I dress up it always feels really good.
> Patriots fan K
Erodes at what is left of me
Yeah, I got some amazing hands (in a 5 back to back hands I got 2 flushes and 3 straights) but the people I was with were so easily baited, which didn't help their situation any. 
Don't forget some just fly over and stay here. Just a  scapegoat to not a real issue. All drugs don't come from there and the reason why so many get hooked on heroin is because they get hooked on painkillers. Heroin is just cheaper. 
And with how much it's supporters love to talk about illegal immigrants committing crimes here, don't stats show that how much crime illegal Mexican immigrants commit is hilariously small compared to what everyone calling for the wall say it is?
It's like putting a band aid on something that requires stitches. It'll make you feel better psychologically but is it really going to fix the issue? 
Is it an investment (even if it's considered a dumb investment) if there's no actual mechanism through which it could positively affect the economy?  It's absurdly close to just literally burning money.
farmers would just lobby against it. they know where their bread is buttered.
The PS4 sales numbers are much larger than Xbox, and theres a big Playstation hive mind. The thing is, in the US they're basically on level playing field, and Xbox is a little better because they're actively making quality of life changes because they are losing. In reality, they messed up international marketing and they're never going to out sell Playstation in Japan, so the sales numbers aren't really based off the quality of the machine 
As a primarily PC gamer, I prefer my PS4 way more than that my X1. PS4 has much better exclusives and a much better interface. I'll say of my friends who are also primarily PC gamers, of the ones that also play consoles, most prefer PS4.And from my friends who don't play on PC most prefer X1. 
Anecdotally, I only know like 3 people who play on Xbox, and about 10 who play on Playstation.
I remember seeing that sales after the first year have been favoring XBone, though that was a while ago now.
I had my PS2 for years and only ever had the clicking issue that all of them had eventually (all the chunky ones at least). My PS3 has had no issues. But for some reason my PS4 is shit. Do you have a new vanilla PS4 or the Pro? Does it have the stupid power button still? 
Got one for Xmas...Still cant get used to the paddles. I've essentially given up. My brain cant process the difference between the triggers and paddles. However, I love the rubberized grip and alternate thumb sticks! 
Weekend in the office? Ouch. 
For sure. Looking at about 6 houses on Saturday. I have no intention on buying this soon, maybe 5-6 months down the road, but I want to get an idea. It's a good thing my realtor is a family friend.
Fuck yeah, I always beat the fridge in a foot race across the steppes. 
Definitely isn't going to be isolated enough. It's going to be in one of the more younger areas in Cleveland.
Yeah, I agree. Aren't you just adults in suits from a science fiction movie? Don't see how there's drama. It's not like your renaissance faire actors. Or revolutionary war actors. 
Yeah shits tiny as fuck 
Better. Have a friend kick a soccer ball in the GIRL's direction and see if he saves her. That should force the break up.
Hahaha not exactly, but before this I had mentioned several times that I was thinking about it and then that I was doing it. Dunno if she is angry cause she thought I was joking and I was gonna change my mind about kids later or she is mad cause I didn't discuss it with her on an actual talk. But idgaf, my body my choice! Yeah! Empowering! Or something. 
Yeah that's where I got the idea from
Rodgers talked about seeing a UFO last year and his belief in aliens. The guy in the pic isn't even Aaron Rodgers but he had the right hair.
I want Ninja Gaiden black remastered or on BC so damn bad. Really tempted to buy a 2nd hand vita just to play through that game for the dozenth time.
That's tough to say. I'll say almost, that level. Very much worth a purchase if you like these games. Prepare to die. the combo system is more advanced in this game
i played all the ninja gaiden games. This is very clearly heavily inspired by the souls games. It's their own take and it's very much it's own game. I've played it since the alpha. 
It's made by Team Ninja but it's very clearly a Souls clone. Just Team Ninja's take on it. And Souls clone doesn't have to be a bad thing. Bloodborne was a Souls clone and was fantastic. And I'm loving the short time I've played Nioh so far. 
It's literally Asian dark souls. Same controls to the button, same concept, same enough enemies. 
Yeah, I'm thinking two years is more than enough. It's been good to me at times, and shit at others. 
I just went with it. More or less, to see how long it would take for me to get annoyed with the length.
It was time for a much needed haircut, I was looking haggard. 
I've got it on pc, is it better on console?
Co-sign. I've bought maybe 2 games since Overwatch came out. It remains just as entertaining as when I bought it day 1, and despite releasing a ton of amazing content, Blizzard still hasn't charged a penny for DLC. 
I've heard great things about bloodborne. How much does it play like dark souls? I kinda got burnt out on the real lack of storytelling. What about nioh?
It's car soccer, is it really that good?
I love borderlands.I have uncharted 4, should I play 1-3 first?I've played TLOU
That's my secret, I only played Gears 1 for like 8 years and then the remastered UE version. I was pretty deep into the competitive scene in 2007-09, then Gears 2 came out and I hated it so bad. Gears 3 was decent but it just wasn't the same to me so I went back to Gears 1 and haven't touched any other one since. 
Tactics Advance was one of the best GBA games ever. I logged hundreds of hours on that shit haha
Just Black Ops 3 and Madden 17. Haven't even played Madden. Spent maybe an hour playing Blsck Ops. 
I've been in a funk since April. Just hate life, don't really get any enjoyment from anything. I didn't even watch the Super Bowl this year and football is life for me. I hardly even come to this sub anymore. 
Net carbs will go down purely due to beer. But I'm gonna make sure not to turn every meal into pasta.
it appears to be better than 50 shades at least 
Start now!
BRUH DO IT HOLY SHIT
[deleted]
Maybe it was just the timestamps of his posts
That's a massive fuckup.  Whoever did that in HR probably legitimately deserves to lose their job.
I'm aware once it's already done it'll take a day or so to correct.  Still, you'd think his boss could escalate it to someone who realized it was a mistake before the firing happened.  
:D
Seven Super Bowls? Fuck you Bob. Nobody wins everything and goes home to bang a supermodel, this isn't a porno script.
i went on a couple dates with a broncos fan a few years ago and i maintain that is the only reason she stopped calling me. Definitely nothing else
My ex hate banged me after the Steelers lost to the Ravens in the 2014 playoffs. Shit was tight. Game was alright too. 
Although next time they meet, it probably won't be on Comedy Central this time.
First date is to the NFCCG
NO. DON'T WAIT. ASK HER TODAY
Pitchers and catchers, not baseball....
Has to the be the Indians mounting a stupid comeback against the SF Giants.The prophecy must be fulfilled.
Oh yeah the Indians are terrifying  
Come on man, get some 'stros love in your life. 
I'm just excited to see how the Nats fail to live up to expectations this year.  *sigh*
Somehow the Sens have an ~80% chance of making the playoffs, but it does not feel like they're that close.
don't talk to me about the Caps (NOVA resident here)
Memes are eternal

The mariners are sponsored by Nintendo of America correct? That sounds like it would lead to many memes
Mariner memes are OP, pls nerf.
That is how I feel as a Yankee fan. Gonna be a long season just glad it is finally almost here. 
:(
Hey! We lasted til August! Everything's coming up Milhouse!
Yeah lawyers that actually do that should get sanctioned. 
Lawyers take *iffy* cases sometimes, sure.   But not no chance cases
You could say that they fell into the pit
I may hate the Falcons but god damn if ATL hip hop isn't the best in the country. 
I can do anything in my domain, TheFirebeard... or should I say TheFireGuy...I shouldn't, because that'd be weird, but you shouldn't start fires in the kitchen, Ryan...Your name probably isn't Ryan, but if it is, you're probably freaking out right meow.
Is it a Taco Bell KFC combo? Then you can do what I do and get popcorn chicken in your baja chalupas with extra sauce. So good. 
We were really fortunate that it didn't rain like it did earlier this year.People make fun of Houston, but it warms my heart when people said they enjoyed it. 
I get that, I feel the same way. I like going late at night, it's just that initial motivation that's the problem with me.
He liked it. Everyone else seemed to also. I hated it with a burning passion. 
Graveyard servers know me so well the Breakfast Samplers already made by the time I walk in
We are not so different you and I.
Yes same for refugees. It is just a bullshit reason. Same way Hitler made shit up about Jewish people. I know it isn't the same but the easiest reference I can make.
No, it's more like an amputation on something that requires a band aid and the amputation is on the wrong limb
Not defending it, but it *could ostensibly affect the economy.* In the spirit of Keynesian economics, infrastructure spending would positively affect GDP and create jobs from the construction workers building it. 
Yeah I mentioned that in the post. Big agriculture and construction lobbies are going to lobby against it, after all they don't want to be in jail. The truth is that this is a problem nobody has the political will or desire to solve. 
I think this gen is doing the opposite of last gen IMO.Xbox 360 started out better, PS3 added QoL stuff that caught and surpassed it.PS4 started out better, now Xbox One is starting to pass it.
TY. interesting stuff.
I reject your personal experience
It is the inverse for me 
I bought the Pro. I never spring for launch consoles any more (see: 360) and I figured that if I'm going to buy one new, I might as well get the top shelf.There is a power button and an eject button but they are actual things you can press to activate. I never use them though, just the controller.
The thumbsticks, grip, and extra weight in the controller make it much better alone. Try to paddles again, it took me a week before I accepted them. I really didn't like it at first and kind of had to force it initially. But once you adjust to them, you really do see just why they're so great! Especially rocket league, being able to jump, boost, power slide, and switch cams all at once is so valuable
Oh I meant my office at home. E.g. the guest bedroom with my computer xD. No worries! Pants will be optional all weekend
> I have no intention on buying this soon, maybe 5-6 months down the roadCongrats on buying a house next week.
Be careful. I was the same mindset. I was like, I'm just looking and then 3 houses in I jumped into, I really want to move right now mode haha. That's not always feasible though.Good to look at a lot of places though.
Still feels awesome to look around the house knowing it's yours!  The buying process is rough but so worth it.
Lol I'd post shirtless pics but uhhh pretty sure no one wants to see those. I'm 179 and still have stomach fat and a little side fat you can pinch
Oh my god, I never realized. BRILLIANT SIR, BRILLIANT.
Damn right dude
Fair enough. I haven't got a chance to pick it up yet, and hopefully can play through it this weekend.Do you say it's souls inspired due to the addition of a stamina bar? On the RPG aspects are just the swords upgradeable or swords and player?
Just a fun game to play chances are it is the same. Get overcooked then if you have someone else to play with. Game sucks if you play by yourself. 
If you have in on PC, no reason to get it on console. If you enjoy playing a game and shitting your pants, go with Resident Evil VII. 
Same game. PC people will go all /r/pcmasterrace on you if you ask them
Plus it is a fun pick up and play game. 
I bought 6 games with my PS4, and have put a combined 10-15 hours into all of them, whereas I've already played like 40-50 on Overwatch.Electronic drugs, man.
Bloodborne's story is still just as convoluted. The game play is a fair bit faster than souls but just as punishing if not more so.Nioh, from what I can tell, has a much more pronounced story and side activities. The feudal japan setting is really cool though. Still really punishing but also fast paced. This is all hearsay as I'm playing it this weekend but everyone's giving it rave reviews and I absolutely love Team Ninja(the dev team).I know my roommate found bloodborne for like $20, but Nioh just came out so it's likely still $60 everywhere.
It's electronic cocaine.
Yes. 
I'm not a big fan of racing games, sports games or soccer in general and I have hundreds of hours (closing in on 1k) played.   It's car soccer, car basketball and car hockey.  With rockets.
The uncharted collection should be cheap and will make uncharted 4 a much more enjoyable if you play those games.
I'd suggest something more enriching. Do you have ps+?
Have you considered, or tried, talking to a therapist? I was in a similar place last year and talking to someone from my school's counseling center helped immensely.
if you ever figure out why let me know because I'm in the same shit. like what is the point of even doing anything
low bar to clear
Well if milkchococurry says it's good, I gotta make it a priority now. 
Gotta do that shit on your phone, bro
Sounds like you are better off.Plenty of companies out there will take top numbers as a trade off for cursing on reddit lol
How did they prove it was you?
I guess the reddit during work tike is the killer but cursing? What the fuck? Was that actually given as part of the reason? Say bad potty words on the internet played a role in costing you your livelihood? I would explode at the notion. Do you know who this person was that took this time out of their day to find your profile and rat you out? Does this person hate you so much if so? Did the one who did the ratting out do it on their work time? I'd like to know that. So many questions.PS for humor - phone changed rat you out to eat you out at first. would have been preferable I suppose.
Lol, what? Way to overreact.
It's not like its irreversible. 
I still giggle at the mention of it. 
But we didn't win everything! This is why it'll be believable ;)
And he's a sixth round pick? Tf Bob, Cinderella's hoe ass sounded more believable
dated a Rockies fan during the '07 WS. that was bad enough
Ahhhhhhhhhh 
But it's an odd year!  We have no need for killing EYBS!
I never pick the team I root for, because we're never allowed nice things. :(
Speaking of the Sens, is Anderson back yet? Any word on his wife? Such a shitty thing.
nintendo used to be the majority owner, yes.
Yep, at this point I'm through with the Knicks and am just ready for baseball 
I'm sure that if the dude is paying out of pocket for a lawyer they'll take whatever case they can.
Best right now, and if it keeps progressing like this there's no reason to not think they could challenge SoCal for the best ever
No, he's not the fired guy, /u/StudBoi69 is. 
Sadly, no
My airbnb host made my stay awesome. We went out on saturday with some friends of her and started bar-hopping, it was great. Were about to enter Howl at the Moon and she fucked up her ankle so bad she couldn't walk anymore, and was drunk as fuck, so we had to ride the rail all the way down to Fannin, and I had to drive, lolz
Well at least you're honest. 
Brother!It just reeked of this garbage Oscar desperation, like let's see how much of Hollywood's dick we can stuff down our throats. I fucking hated it, and my wife thinks I'm insane.
I haven't seen it but it seems like a super polarizing movie
Bro La La Land is fucking magical
You're right.  I just meant the wall itself, unlike most other infrastructure projects that use government spending to increase aggregate demand, doesn't provide any other benefits to the economy.
Can't wait for Trump to hire Trump Construction to build the wall. 
Georgia instituted that e-verify process on all hiring and it resulted in them not being able to hirer the migrant workers. They had to higher non migrants. Most didnt last a day let alone a week and walked off and didnt come back. A very large percentage of peaches rotted on the trees this past year. People like to say they take our jobs, but the reality is they take jobs nobody wants anyways.Anybody who goes through an actual highering process for a real job and gets beat out, its not because they are cheaper, its because you are a shitty candidate.
Appropriate. Rejection has generally been my personal experience.
Ohhhhh fuck yeah 
^ this guy knows
Thanks man. Super pumped about it.
It's more so for the fact that I don't have enough money saved up right now for a downpayment/closing costs although I could roll in my closing costs to my loan. I have options. I could technically buy a house right now but I want to wait a few more months at least just so I can have a few thousand for when I do have a house I can do some immediate upgrades.
Oh yeah. I'm glad I have a good support system for this. It's definitely going to be an exciting time.
I may or may not have helped a few friends in my day.
player is upgradeable. They have a loot system, where enemies drop equipment and you can challenge certain graves for equipment. you can only get check points and upgrade at shrines, instead of bonfires. hidden enemies, big crazy bossses, limited heals. A lot reminds me of souls games, but your right this is very much its own game
oh god re7 is so good.
Yeah I know they're the same, I guess I was more asking if there's any real reason to own it twice since I couldn't think of one.
Yeah bloodborne has dropped to 20. You can get Nioh on amazon prime for 48 though. I'll probably grab Nioh in that case, I want a better defined story.
A bar so low that not even James Cameron could find and raise it. 
Hahaha I'm a big Rooster Teeth fan, have been that way since middle school. I'd at least try anything they put up, and RWBY grew on me immediately. The first trailer aired after the end of an emotional Red vs Blue season (a very long and grueling arc had just ended) and I was hooked. I literally have a RWBY character's insignia plastered onto my laptop ^(I've only recently learned to control my obsessions)[Here are all the trailers in order](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qGdjuMSVnwM) for your viewing pleasure. Do note that they were still working on the voices at this point (they're trailers, after all) so the voice acting was super rough.
[deleted]
No...that's a pretty solid reaction to firing the wrong person. That's kind of like, HR's job.
Same person who responds to someone whose boyfriend hasn't texted them in 3 hours Better break up
No, that has massive implications.  This isn't a casual mistake, they just made the company look terrible and incompetent to any employee who hears about this.  They also alienated an employee who they wanted to keep. 
Fucking sox crushed us so hard. I had game 5 tickets haha
I mean, your picture still applies. I laughed.
Well the even year thing is dead so NO MATTER.Plus anything that makes the SF Giants and the fans suffer gives me joy. 
Our lineup is so lit.  [Check it](https://i.reddituploads.com/ebb2b2570321441985bd7b61058b41e9?fit=max&h=1536&w=1536&s=02277ed993ae79aaef9f9e979378c025)
Expected back this weekend, he's been with the team a week or two getting back in game shape. Nicholle just finished chemo a month ago, seems to be doing well, ct scans don't look like there was cancer at all at this point. Obviously you're never in the clear at this point, but all good signs so far.
Really don't care for Basketball until playoffs. Plus I fucking hate James Dolan. Then again who doesn't.
The American Bar Associations rule is: A lawyer shall not bring or defend a proceeding, or assert or controvert an issue therein, unless there is a basis for doing so that is not frivolous, which includes a good faith argument for an extension, modification or reversal of existing law.391Not that they never do, but taking a case that frivolous would probably be a breach of professional ethics.
MY DOMAIN!
>If the Treasury were to fill old bottles with banknotes, bury them at suitable depths in disused coalmines which are then filled up to the surface with town rubbish, and leave it to private enterprise on well-tried principles of laissez-faire to dig the notes up again (the right to do so being obtained, of course, by tendering for leases of the note-bearing territory), there need be no more unemployment and, with the help of the repercussions, the real income of the community, and its capital wealth also, would probably become a good deal greater than it actually is. It would, indeed, be more sensible to build houses and the like; but if there are political and practical difficulties in the way of this, the above would be better than nothing.There's the quote.
To some extent this is correct but keep in mind farms are used to paying under minimum wage so paying slightly above it was going to be a shock to them initially on top people probably wanting even greater benefits to working in the sun. We do have H-2A Visa's for that reason, but the problem is that it's so monitored so a lot of farmers just avoid it all together. On top of that, the need for farmworkers and other manual jobs that are done by illegal immigrants do will probably decrease dramatically with automation over the next 30 years.
Yup, closing on a house right now. Met the realtor and then 6 days later was putting in an offer on a house. I was planning on buying sooner than 5-6 months, but not as quickly as it happened.
Mostly just playing with friends, if you have friends who want to play it with you.
I heard one of the creators passed away tragically. That's when I first heard about it and made me curious about the series. A lot of people were sad and supporting him. 
What dirty fucking rat was close enough to you to know your reddit name but also be willing to betray you?
It is absolutely not a solid reaction to making a mistake. It could easily be cleared up with an e-mail or conversation:  Sorry about that, I must have fat-fingered it in the system. Won't happen again.  Done.
r/relationships? 
Except that in this case, the boyfriend broke up with them and then said oh wait, sorry, meant to break up with someone else.
Lol, not even a little bit the same thing.  
One of these is literally meaningless and common placeOne of these is a person losing their incomeWhile firing the HR person might be too far, that is still a huge exaggeration
If you think firing someone over a simple and easy mistake like this, then you're in for a rude awakening. I'm curious how old you are?
I concur with your second sentence.
Man, I honestly didn't know any of that. That's awesome to hear. Genuinely made my morning. Thanks!
I root for a pretty good team and agree that basketball is boring until the play-offs. You'll get a couple of highlights here and there, but it feels like a *long* season. Even in the playoffs, I'll probably wait until an elimination game or just wait until the conference finals if my team isn't involved.  
>Who doesn't James Dolan doesn't hate himself lol
Better Call Saul!
Yep.. potentially Hit with all court costs, their oppositions legal expenses .
Must be nice to have friends :(.Nah they all have it on pc. I guess I'll pass unless it goes on sale.
*The* creator, Monty Oum, passed away a little over 2 years ago, yeah. Tons of support and fan art and such.RWBY was is idea entirely, he came up with it after having a dream about colors lol. People on r/anime like to debate about RWBY because it has a Japanese dub and is the first American-produced show to have it (Warner Bros Japan pulled out all the stops for it too, the seiyuus are big timers). Ofc it isn't anime, but its hard to claim that it isn't anime-inspired.RWBY had its teething troubles early on, but its such a fun watch I had trouble judging it, still can't. Crunchyroll has a hard on for it too (they simulcast it). I've gotten my weeb friends to watch it and I haven't heard a single one of them say they disliked it (though one of them wasn't sold early on).I'd absolutely try it out if I were you lol.Sorry for the mini wall o' text but I love hyping RWBY to people, in part because I have a good success rate with it haha.
[deleted]
Unless, like my job, there are a list of permissions for several programs that are linked to termination, so as soon as you get fired you lose access to all of those permissions and someone has to rebuild you into the system. Now, you've wasted an IT persons time and my time because I can't work until my profile is rebuilt. I think it's still not fireable, but something other than my bad needs to happen. 
Fuck the gym, hit the lawyer, Facebook up
So he was cheating the whole time, r/relationships was right!
Just saying they're both overreactions by someone who probably doesn't know anything about the situation. 
It's definitely too far, and that's what I was getting at.
This isn't a simple and easy mistake.  You just terminated the wrong employee and sent them home. The cultural damage is huge.  I'm 26 and in the corporate world.  I'm curious how old you are/your line of work to think this isn't a big deal.  
I hope he does. 
No, no, I like this. It's that I've been jungling all other series.I just got into KonoSuba since season 2 started. There's some good series that came out this season, Miss Kobayashi's Dragon Maid might be my favorite one so far. I plan to check out My Little Witch Academia and RWBY pretty soon, too. 
How do you connect someones IRL name to I Dumped Adele?
God damn these stories make me so fucking paranoid
People are too harsh.
Dom is that you?
It absolutely can be an easy mistake to make. He didn't get sent home. They could have accidentally clicked a checkbox for Bill M. instead of Bill N. or something similar. Then the boss probably got some kind of automated e-mail and walked over to ask why he put his notice in or something.  I've worked in corporate environments for over 10 years and if anyone ever suggesting firing someone over something this small and stupid... idk, it's just idiotic.
I've been meaning to watch KonoSuba (haven't seen S1 yet) and Dragon Maid is something I'm dying to watch too (trade off with Demi-chan on what to watch first haha).I'm watching a bunch this season, I have an issue. I knocked out Gundam 0083 and Hello! Kiniro Mosaic super quickly so hopefully I can clear my weeb schedule a little bit for some of these ones.
If you're liking Konosuba and Dragonmaid, you should watch Gabriel Dropout as well, its sogud.
Seems pretty obvious if he goes around the office bragging about how he dumped Adele
> Hello! Kiniro MosaicSomeone else on /r/nfl that watched Kinmoz? One of my favorite SoL seriesAnd you should watch Konosuba, its freakin great.
No that's great. Just keep pouring it on 
I love this shit on the falcons offseason
Brett Favre was on the Packers? TIL
I realize this was probably shitting on the Falcons, but it really was best for both parties. Think of a Favre as a stripper.  In Atlanta, he was giving out half hearted handjobs, and charging full price. While in Green Bay, he blew everybody for free. Point being, he never would have reached his full potential in Atlanta, much like how actual strippers from Atlanta would be worth so much more in Green Bay.  We need better strippers up here.
25 is the magic number.
You mean Falcons legend Brett Favor?
UNSUBSCRIBE
I honestly wasn't shitting on Atlanta, just to make that clear in case anyone cares.I just thought it was an important moment in NFL history.
Oh look! A falcon qb  with a ring!
Ron Wolf traded a first round pick for a drunken backup and also overrode his failed physical from the team doctors. He must have really had a hunch.
also started 25 years agothe brett favre retirement watch.
This thread is good stuff
Curse of the Great Favrino
How many other players were drafted by a team but went on to be such a legend for another team for so long? I'm just guessing when Brett went to Minnesota no Packers fans were saying yeah, but he wasn't drafted by us so he was never a *real* Green Bay Packer.
Jesus Christ WHAT MORE DO YOU WANT FROM US
Man 1992 was a terrible draft year. Pick 19- Tony Smith, running back, Southern Mississippi. 
And yet we somehow only have 2 rings since then
Factoid I learned from Jeff Pearlman's *Gunslinger* which is a must read for any football fan...Favre was a 2nd round pick, and when he was entering the league, he was struggling with severe alcoholism. When he was with the Falcons, he threw 4 pass attempts. 2 of them were interceptions. You would think Favre's value would have depreciated, but Ron Wolfe was like I don't care that's he's a drunken rookie want this guy. After just one season traded a first round pick to the Falcons which was a huge gamble. The rest is history. 
*Like the pine trees lining the winding road, I've got a name...*. Like the singing bird and croaking toad, *I've got a name, I've got a name.* And I carry it with me like my Daddy did, but I'm living the dream that he kept hid.Moving me down the highway, rolling me down the highway, moving ahead so life won't pass me by.Loved that [*motherfucker*](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dVYUHTryUUk)
The rest is history :)
Heard he's going to make a come back for an anniversary tour. 
Rumor has it that he was like a kid out there... 
TIL that at the age of 3 my fate was sealed as getting constantly shit on by a hall of fame qb
I mean, it was best for Brett. Our then coach hated him and there's a very good chance Brett would've drank himself to death in Atlanta. Going to Green Bay got him sober.
Love you, Favre. 
Wow TIL Favre was on the falcons. This trade happened 2 months before I was born so I always just assumed the packers found him in the woods and raised him as their own.
Don't let this distract you from the fact that Jimmy G has the same amount of Super Bowls from Farve and Rodgers combined 
The Falcons choked a 25 point lead 6 days ago today.
Since you've okayed it...
Falcons blew a 1-0 Favre lead.  
It aint how hard you hitits how hard you can get hit and keep moving forward. It's about how much you can take and keep moving forward!  Sylvester Stallone, Rocky BalboaBring it on mang!  I'm ready for the pain this offseason.
Don't encourage them :(
Should I mention that y'all gave away Schaub for his best years on the Texans, then took him back when he started sucking?
I never thought I'd see Panthers, Saints, and Bucs fans unite in favor of a common topic, but dammit here we are, and it's fantastic.
http://imgur.com/r/funny/nO8rZ
For once, I agree with a Panthers fan. 
I can't believe the Vikings legend would turn on his team like that
Jets legend Brett Farve was on the Vikings? TIL
He also played for the Vikings briefly before beginning his illustrious career with the New York Jets.
They didn't call him Buckhead Brett for nothing. 
I know strippers often engage in sexual acts, but I think at that point we should refer to them as prostitutes.THERE ARE RULES TO ENGLISH LANGUAGE GODDAMMIT AND WORDS MEAN SOMETHING.
>Think of Favre as a stripperI mean, I don't need to imagine it, I've seen the pictures.
You should make a trip to Hurley. They lead the nations in strip clubs per capita. 
Honestly that was probably best for the falcons as well as he would have never gotten a shot for them (he throw a Pick 6 and an interception on his first 4 attempt failing to complete a pass) 
Your city does not have the fiscal capacity to support magic city bro. Don't kid yourself.
Damn dude they have families. Im starting to feel bad for Falcons fans
You mean Jets legend and dick pic sending Brett Farva?
Thanks for signing up for Falcons Facts! You now will receive fun daily facts about the Falcons.**Did you know a former coach used some odd props to motivate the team, including a stick of dynamite?**Interim head coach Jim Hanifan used some weirdand potentially dangerousprops in his motivational speeches. While the team was getting ready to take on the San Francisco 49ers in week 13 of the 1989 season, Hanifan walked into their locker room holding an unlit stick of dynamite. Imploring the players to be explosive with every play, he invited them to walk up and touch the strange visual aid. (It didnt help; the Falcons lost 23-10.)For the next game, when the club visited Minnesota, Hanifan brought in three hand grenades. After the Falcons were trounced 43-17, Hanifan upped the ante by leaving a disarmed bomb in the locker room. (Incidentally, he had the thing painted red and black. Nice touch.) One Falcon was reported as saying, If we lose to Washington Sunday, [Hanifans] liable to show up for that last game with something nuclear. The Falcons lost 31-30.
Well good sir, unintentionally or not, you just did. Thank you for your service.
He has Favre as his number 1 prospect as the jets according to former pats exec Andrew Brandt. His first pick was 34. Falcons got him at 33
Suddenly those texts from that stripper make much more sense.
He retired like 3 times AND DIDN'T MISS A GAME!
Several, Eli Manning, Philip rivers... Wes Welker if you consider him a legend, I don't but you could maybe make the argument.  Bo Jackson, John Elway, that's just off the top of my head.  I'm sure there are plenty more.  
This is what I don't get. Yes he won a championship. So what. 
>Going to Green Bay got him sober.This sentence doesn't make any sense to me.
Farve being raised in the woods would explain some of his behavior...
DON'T LET THIS DISTRACT YOU FROM THE FACT THAT THE ATLANTA FALCONS BLEW A 28-3 LEAD IN SUPER BOWL LI 
I respect that attitude. Granted, with your username you seemed to know what you were getting into. 
RAH RAH RAH RAH RAH RAH RAH *CHEST POUND* *PASS OUT* 
You mean like how the Falcons hit the Patriots pretty damn hard. 28-3 hard. But the Patriots kept moving forward. 
Shoulders back, chin up man.  There are dark times ahead, but we as a fan base laid it out for Cam and the Panthers last year, and frankly we've got to take our lumps.  Embrace the pain, wear it as your shield.
Indeed, but Bucs fans don't really have a leg to stand on in this thread with Steve Young and all.
The enemy of my enemy of my other enemy...is my frie.....friend is a strong word. 
I don't because it was shit on the Panthers and Cam last offseason. Wait... the Cam shit fest is still happening. 
It's ok. /r/nfl forgave him. http://imgur.com/gallery/jsFN7eM
He was only known on the Jets for his photography skills.
Ya fucked up, son
He'll show you his Danny Woodhead
Technically blowing everyone for free makes you promiscuous, not a prostitute.
Ah the 56-17 blowout by the Skins in 91. My first ever game so I love sharing the fact that I saw Brett favre throw his first pass. Actually maybe I didn't see it. It was about 35 degrees out and raining so my mom made us leave after we scored 49 pts. I was walking down the ramp when the pick six was thrown. Still mad about it to this day. 
I'm not.
I've never seen the pic. How big is it?
Being 3 years old or being 30 years old matters not. The pain endures.
Thank you for letting me watch history, good sir. Congrats on your win. Absolutely amazing what your franchise has done since 2001.
Drew Brees, Marshall Faulk, Jerome Bettis, Ricky Willaims if you wanna go there. Damn. And that's just off the top of *my* head. 
Bo Jackson doesn't really fit the for so long portion
Dan Marino never won a ring. Let's never talk about him again. I'm sure Dolphins fans think he's a bum. So what indeed. 
Put it this way. When we drafted Favre way back when, he was given little to no support here. The coach hated him and wanted him gone, and his already bad substance abuse problem worsened to critical levels. The trade to GB gave him the support from the coaching staff he needed to truly succeed, and start fighting his alcoholism as well. I honestly believe that of Brett stayed in Atlanta, he would have drank himself to death. So yeah, Green Bay as a team helped Brett out quite a bit.
I hope your name is accurate! 
In how many quarters did the Falcons lead the scoring? 3.In how many quarters did the Patriots lead the scoring?1.There you have it.(Edit for phrasing/clarity)
Been a fan for a long time.  Tragic and sudden failure is our thing as a city.
Very much that.  Probably the greatest superbowl I've ever seen.  Contender for greatest ever.
You're the hero we need
Never forget what you are. The rest of the world will not. Wear it like armor, and it can never be used to hurt you - Tyrion Lannister
That lombardi trophy can be your leg. 
And Bo.
Doesn't matter, won super bowl 
Off-season incidental acquaintance.
To each their own. I dig Cam as a person and as a QB. Could he have handled pressure better? Sure. Every man has his shortcomings.But it's a fools errand to go against the grain in /r/nfl, it's easier to hold your own opinion.But don't let that distract you from the fact that the Falcons blew a 25 point lead.
tssss yahhh or his Mike dicka or somethinnnn
Or a prostitute that sucks at math
I wasn't born yet but my dad famous said the trade would be the reason holmgren would finally be exposed as a OC who was carried by Joe Montana And he wonders why no one takes his opinions seriously 
Neither am I.
Let's just say in the dick Hall of Fame, it's not getting voted in. It's not even runner up.
They don't call him Large Farva
Mediocre. Me and Brett have similar dicks. Which is neat. 
Let's just say Brett's always had a purple helmet, even during his Green Bay years.
nowhere near draymond
his big hands don't help one bit.
I know. Helping the giants get their 3rd and 4th was super awesome. Appreciate the sacrifice, patsbros. :)
Marshawn Lynch, Steve Young, Jay Cutler if your definition of legend includes ominous, cautionary tales, Matt Hasselbeck, Champ Bailey, just to add to the list.
Yea that's true still legend tho
No, I get it.  I was making a tongue in cheek joke about Wisconsin and alcoholism, thanks though.
It's our year! (Like we say every year lmao)
But... they led for a total of 0 seconds... and 0 quarters...
Actually the Pats led for 0 quarters 
I mean, it could be worse. Last time a bunch of northern Patriots came to Atlanta, you REALLY got burned.
I keep telling myself it'll get better..
You're goddamn right. I've been conditioned for this. Countless UGA games (especially the Tennessee game this year and 2012 SECCG), 17-0, Braves September 2011 choke, infield fly bullshit, Hawks last night. There's more I'm forgetting, but what's one more scar? It'll just make a championship so much sweeter whenever it comes... but I'm not holding my breath waiting either.
It's the best football game I've seen in 25 years of watching the NFL. It should not have happened and was astounding.
We've got a poker table 
Didn't trade him, so I didn't count him.
It's complicated. 
You sound like someone who has evaluated a lot of dicks in their day.
Do you and Brett have similar user names? Because I think some people might be interested in contacting Brett.
How can you forget Super Bowl Champion Darrelle Revis?!
I thought so but I didn't want to assume. Cheers
They led at the end of the one that mattered most.
Ha!  True.  Damn dirty carpetbaggers!
It will.  Or it wont.  You have no control over that, merely how you face it.  Face it with pride and embrace the future that comes!
We literally have a barbecue pit. 
I've seen one literally every day of my life so... I guess I'm an expert?
You mean 5th quarter? 
We all know how much [Big Vince loves his barbecue.](https://www.sbnation.com/platform/amp/lookit/2014/5/26/5753140/we-cant-stop-watching-vince-wilfork-shaking-his-butt-and-cooking-ribs)
Admitting your addiction is the first step to getting help.
It's always the most important.
More like the whoever scores first wins cause mom called dinner quarter. Wouldn't call it he fifth quarter.  
Is that the texans future hall of famer Vince Wilfork?
@tonyromo 
So the Broncos only win Super Bowls with QBs in the back 9 of their career who were drafted by the Colts?Someone should tell Andrew Luck.
And one of those quarterbacks actually helped his team win the Super Bowl.  
ITT: A thread about Peyton and Elway and the Broncos, yet people can't stop talking about Brady.
The Broncos are a great franchise. Probably my favorite AFC team (but fuck that entire 1998 team)
We gotta send em out on top before they head to the glue factory!
Subscr- wait
Hard to ride off into the sunset without a horse.
Something something riding off into the sunset.
So our best hope is Brady gets traded to the Broncos and they win next year?
Well, that's the solution. The Patriots need to trade Brady to the Broncos.
Alright Tom just 2 more and you can retire. Let's 3-peat to end your career!
You forgot Tom Brady, also with the Broncos
Denver, the QB's Florida
We'd love to add Tom Brady to that list!
You're God damn right!
how did this get to be about Romo? just curious
If Tom wins next year I could see it.
The horse and the g.o.a.t
GOATS
Yeah, it's kind of [Denver's thing](http://www.denverpost.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/06/ray-bourque-stanley-cup.jpg).
Your move, Brady.
Coincidence? I think not
Good ol' Mox
Guess they better prepare for Siemian's early retirement. 
Next?
Broncos. Sheriffs. Sunsets. Really got the western thing goin out there
Combined they have less super bowl wins than Brady. 
This is going to be a long offseason.
Such a storybook ending but I don't remember it even happening in any football movies.
I don't know if this is a good statistic or if it's skewed to be this obscure. Out of 51 Super Bowls, there have been only 29 different winners. So rather than 1/25, it's closer to 1/15.
and Brady in maybe 3 years 
Prediction: Brady retires after another super bowl win. After a year of not being in the league, Brady joins Belicheck in his last year as a coach to win one last super bowl for New England. Thus, Brady breaks Elway's and manning's record.
Cmon brady be the first non bronco to do it
Kill me.
How can that be possible? I mean really think about the phrasing here only starting qb's to retire after a superbowl win to me, that just means any starting qb who won a superbowl, no? 
pls Brady, join them
Can anyone rationally say Peyton should have kept playing?  I don't remember Elway's final year, but Peyton's age DEFINITELY was showing up during that final year.  He played well enough versus the Patriots in the championship game, but his stats are not the stats of the Elite player he was even the year before. I mean.. 17 interceptions, 9 touch downs during the regular season, he's tied for 34 out of 35 in QBR.  This is hardly the man who dominated the QB position for over a decade.
Ahem @tombrady
Elway's last SB win/season as a player was during Manning's rookie season. Elway's first SB win as GM was during Manning's last SB win/season.
You know what to do, Tony.
This one's also for John!
And Trent Dilfer was the first QB to not be re-signed by his team after winning a Super Bowl
So Brady's safe. Good.
r/mildlyinteresting
Broncos are a bunch of quitters confirmed 
Only one ever whored himself out to Budweiser though. 
Both wouldn't have won without the best defense in league(Peyton) & an unstoppable RB(Elway). Denver won in spite of Peyton
Pfft, quitters 
Who gives a shit.Go Chiefs!!!!
So will Brady with the patriots, but only after his 7th ring in 2021
Fuck em. Both.
And who gives a shit?
You folks with the goat comments..  Really? Even after what happened 6 days ago?  Still making that argument?  Earth flat too?
Well and Tom Brady after Super Bowl LIII
i have someone on the inside telling me this number may include someone else in a few days...
One cheated with salary cap, the other with peds.  I wonder who the next great broncos cheating qb will be?
imagine if he goes to Denver and then Dallas wins the Super Bowl next year.
Pls. I love Tony and want him to go out with a ring.
you think Elway is gonna call him out like that?we tryna slide in those DM's.hey. No Romo but we should get together for a burger or something
Lol
No.
Broncos would choke if Romo was the quarterback.
Just counting the days... Our next QB should be here any year now.
[It has been foretold...](http://i.imgur.com/gggfRQI.jpg)    \*Thanks, /u/ahydell!
DELETE THIS NEPHEW
Pls no
To be fair, Kansas City drafted Elway first.
Not just the back 9, but like on hole 17 or 18
Colts just need to move again to renew the cycle.
If you don't think Peyton impacted that game you weren't watching. But yes, he wasn't great. 
Apparently this falsity will never die. I thought Eh, just wait for the SB hype to die down. People will stop. But y'all just love it too much. Oh well, maybe you'll catch a re-broadcast some day. 
Denver wouldn't have been near that Super Bowl without Manning
[removed]
What is it with Peyton being a total dud in the Super Bowl?I feel like for his Super Bowl performances alone he shouldn't be first ballot.
that sums up patriot fans pretty well
He's the whole reason for the stat being looked up and put out the in the first place. Quit humble bragging it. 
Of course this is the highest post about Brady
Why can't you guys just take your five rings and leave Peyton alone? =(
This is the first comment mentioning Brady I've seen
People want to compare Brady to retiring QBs.  I have no idea why?  He's going to be playing until his 60s. 
[deleted]
Yes why would anyone talk about the greatest player in NFL history in an NFL subreddit
Good
What I dont understand is why /r/nfl would even bother to have a discussion about quarterbacks that *doesn't* include Brady.  It makes no sense to me
http://i.imgur.com/jZJ8mmb.jpg
Do you mean '97? They beat the Pack in the Super Bowl that year.
WE should have gone to the Super Bowl that year. Bellichick had that defense playing amazing. 
Top of the list franchisehttp://yourteamcheats.com/cheaters/
So you're saying...I overfed these old QBS? Dr Fishy Noooooooo!!!!!!
I guess that's why Tony wants to go there, the Cowboy needs his horse. 
http://i.imgur.com/168F84V.jpg
I'd be so smug.
Time to pull out [this monstrosity again](http://espn1005.com/wp/wp-content/plugins/rss-poster/cache/29e77_nfl_manning_brady_freaky_sunday_b2_576x324.jpg)
Unless they want to give us all of their draft picks and we get him back when they don't make the playoffs 
I'll allow it
I honestly think that Belicheck coaching a game against Brady would be quite interesting.
He needs to retire, then play baseball for a year, then come back and have a three-peat, then I will call him the GOAT.
Even bookend 4-year spans with 3 SB's each would be fine...
The scary thing is if it weren't for the Broncos historic defense last year he very well may have 3 peated already.
Still needs that perfect season.
Darkest timeline
I say MLS
and then Andrew Luck!
There has been some talk this off season of Romo to the Broncos. He fits the other QBs with late in career but doesn't really fit the bill of being drafted by Indy. 
He's an aging QB that needs a new team.
Save this post:Tom will play until the wheels completely fall off. His competiveness is what makes him so great and that will ultimately lead to his inevitable awful final year in 2021.
Oh hey guys look a thread that's not about Tom Brady. *Better fix that!*
he's married to Gisele and would still rather play than retire and stay home with her. football > supermodel? confirmed.
He won't stop until he absolutely has to, he's playing his best football right now. There's been no noticeable drop off. He's good until at least 75 
Yeah, Broncos won that championship in spite of Peyton Manning, he didn't exactly lead them to it. Guy was barely outplaying Brock frakking Osweiler.Elway actually posted a career-high 93.0 QBR his last year, for the record. Good for 5th in the league.
The Ravens went with Elvis Grbac of all guys.
Although I am curious about how many times a QB won a championship in a contract year.
Elway was and always will be a Denver homer.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q9VW5zzZymM
1984 is getting to be a really long time ago.  
Wouldn't be a r/nfl thread without a Pats fan making it about them.
Tom Brady to the Broncos for Super Bowl LIII.. I like it!
Fine, we'll take Brees  
I know Jimmy Garoppolo doesn't want to go to the Browns, but I seriously doubt he's going to retire to avoid it. Foolish of you to suggest such.
hahaha wotSeriously tho?
Please god.
Your salt is giving me heart disease.
I think this year would've stung worse since he was still actually on the team.
The surprising part is that he wouldn't even be the first Dallas QB to go to Denver and then lose to Dalls in the Super Bowl.https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Craig_Morton
Romo deserves it too. Go out with a SB and retire on a 1-day deal with the Cowboys. Wouldn't even mind it, unless it's against the Packers
Oh man, there would be so much shit posting it'd usher in a new era. 
Reverse Craig Morton
I would be fine with this, albeit sad, but fine.
Varejao
Against Dallas 
The Cowboys are not coming near a super bowl win next year. This year was lightning - too many expectations for next =[
Demarcus Ware was there for a couple years before they won right?
Didn't that happen to Marian Hossa, twice? 
Goes to Denver. Beats Dallas in Super Bowl. 
Could have happened this year if they just started him ;)
I *can* imagine. And also masturbate to that. 
Craig Morton had that happen to him between V and VI. And to make things worse Dallas's other SB win in the 70s came against Morton and the Broncos in XII.
Romo is glass. won't last a full season
This is our specialty.
I just want to respond to you so you know the truth. 
Fun fact. Elway's invented the smashburger.
All Colts grow up to be Broncos...
What's Curtis Painter up to these days?
Curtis Painter is in the mail.
inb4 Romo
Honestly disgusting
Denver can't win a super bowl in orange...
GROSS
The Royals for all Redditors who were panicking and checking Google. 
>17 or 18Rivers to the Broncos confirmed 
13-23 and 141 yds total passing. Peyton had a great career but played like a mediocre backup in his final game. 
I think your double negative messed you up.
Yup. Broncos don't win the Superbowl without Peyton's intelligence of the game. His ability to read defenses and put his team in the best position won us the playoff games. Brock can't read a defense, holds onto the ball, and is clueless about picking up blitzes. If Brock played that Superbowl, it would have been a blowout for the Panthers like the previous 2 playoff games they had just played in. He didn't play well in the Superbowl but you know the Panthers were #2 in the NFL in defense according to DVOA. I am not sure why people act like any QB should dominate when there is a ton of contextual reasons as to why they didn't play as great as their average. 
Jimmy Garoppolo has as many rings as Peyton :) 
Or watching the broncos suck all this year too
This is the correct take.
###Please review the [Posting Guidelines](http://www.reddit.com/r/nfl/wiki/postingguidelines#wiki_general_rules)> **Do not**> > * **Post personal attacks, fanbase attacks, insults, slurs, bigotry, or flamebait.** - Offending posts will be removed.>**Do**>* **Be civil** - When discussing a topic with another person. A little light-hearted trash talk with a rival/opponent is fine, but don't let it get out of hand or personal.>**Follow [Reddiquette](http://www.reddit.com/wiki/reddiquette)** - When posting/voting.*User feedback is the best way to help improve this sub, so please don't hesitate to [send us a message](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fnfl), if you have any questions on the rules, or how they are applied.*
That is asinine, he has am argument for greatest QB ever
Because until free agency Pats fans are the most proud to be here/talk about football.Meanwhile, Falcons fans might wait until the 2018 season and just look at ESPN box scores to find out what happened this next season.
Can confirm, am sick of it. I appreciate that self awareness tho
It's really not that big a deal tho
I'm so glad he's finally a HoF-er.
Either way, but yes it was that season. I thought it was the 1997/98 year
No you shouldn't have. You were heavy underdogs on the road in the AFC Championship game against the defending champs. You lost that game because you weren't as good as Denver was. 
I absolutely love how badly Patriots fans despise the Broncos 
[MRW reading your comment](http://imgur.com/WrKPhfd)
Save a horse, ride a cowboy.
I opened this thinking it was going to be manning face. Then it started loading and I was like oh nevermind hahaha. Well done
True beauty.
If that ever happened, the mental gymnastics that Denver fans who adopted the Brady/Manning rivalry would have to go through to embrace Brady would make Simone Biles crawl into a hole.
Fuck that, I don't want to win with him. 
I just threw up in my mouth.I've seen some horrible things on the internet, but nothing's ever made me feel so physically ill.
I don't really give a shit about either team, but that don't look right.
Brady actually looks pretty good in Broncos gear
I like to think they intentionally made the faces look weird, knowing it would be so off-putting anyway.
lol There's no way they wouldn't make the Playoffs with Brady and that D. 
Brady with our D would actually go undefeated.
veto
Seconded
While starring in a movie with the Looney Tunes.
Goodell would literally murder someone on live TV out of sheer anger of having to hand Brady 5 MORE Lombardi Trophies
Tim Tebow reverse Tom Brady confirmed. 
No! 
Possible, but I don't know if our defense really matched up all that well with Carolina. Not that I'd bet against us, since Cam turned out to be pretty soft. 
*Dankest timeline
Also he got Pipp'd by Dak Prescott.
I think Bill would bench him if that was the case.Tom would have to prove it or be bad for some other team.
RemindMe! 4 Years
It is an interesting scenario. There will ultimately be tension between giving Brady some latitude to do what he wants and doing what is best for the team. 
It'll be the same thing that happened to Peyton which leads Peyton coming back into the GOAT discussion. Everyone seemed to write off Peyton as the GOAT when he had a shitty last season but if it happens to Brady as well, the legacy will be tarnished
Tom Brady's got about one more good year left in him
I think he plays for another 3/4 years, just saying if he does win next year there's a 20%ish chance of him retiring on top.
Julian can confirm
You do know it's impossible to be able to play that high of a level at 60+...
That literally makes no sense
I don't know about that, he still would have gotten a ring with the Cowboys. I definitely see your angle though, but he was still very much a contributor in many ways on the sideline and locker room. Now on the other hand if he goes to Houston or Denver and the Cowboys beat either of those teams led by him in the Super Bowl... *yeah*.
I would have laughed my ass off if he got a superbowl ring and did not even play
That loss still hurts too much to open the link. Craig the salt statue Morton was wiped from our memories. 
Something tells me the likelihood of a Packer/Cowboy Superb Owl is slim. Edit: and then I just realized you were talking of him being on an AFC team. I'm leaving this up. A Vikings fan has no shame. 
Craig Morton always wanted to win a Super Bowl for the Cowboys and in Super Bowl XII he did - Great line from NFL Films. Not sure that's exactly how it goes however it's very close.
Or a Nomar Garciapara repeat
Not just in football. Ray Bourque too.
That's why John lost all those Super Bowls early on, he wasn't on the brink of retirement yet.
As a cowboys fan I would feel both so happy he finally wins a ring but at the same time I would be so disappointed it wasn't with Dallas 
Well you didn't give Wes welker or champ bailey a ring now did you 
please do this for all of us
Well be the fact they are all time greats...
For real? I fucking love smash burger
http://i.imgur.com/WrKPhfd.gif
> All Colts grow up to be Broncos...I love this meme, i hope to the football gods that they let Andrew Luck win a superb owl with Denver.
Every Cowboy needs his Bronco. 
And all Broncos ride off victoriously into the sunset. 
https://youtu.be/lETl9vA9VWw couldn't tell if you were quoting this song or not. But, I haven't heard it since Manning retired now I know how the colts guy feels. 
They are both part of the hoof division after all
Wow...
Someone forgot to tell Culter that. Cutler grew up in Indiana got drafted by broncos so he was lined up to be the next one and he threw a bossy fit and went to Chicago instead
[deleted]
http://i.imgur.com/1N0UjV3.jpg
https://youtu.be/8GH_1qLVmMo?t=43s
Too true =(
was this when he graduated high school?
I was thinking pre-merger before I realized Elway isn't old enough for that.
Conflicted.gif
Yes but you're undervaluing the mental aspects of the game that he provided. And he did enough with his arm to not lose. Obviously he didn't impact the game in the way Elway did his final SB, but Peyton still helped the team win. 
I think we may have lost that game with Brock, though. And since, effectively, Brock and Peyton were our options that means he helped us win.
Although bad in the SB in QB stats, go back and watch the series in week 17 game against the Chargers when he replaced Osweiler. Thats a great show of his skills in managing the game without great passing stats.
Tom Brady SB XXXVI : 16/27, 145 yards. Superbowl mvp. 
Plus the horrible INT he threw right to Kony. He played moderately well in the AFCCG but was abysmal in the SB.
They wouldn't have even been in the game without Manning
Broncos offense was as atrocious last year as it was this year.  The only difference is Peyton Manning was steering the ship.  His job was to manage the game with our shit offense.  And he did a fine job.
If Peyton was the qb for the falcons in the second half of the sb the patriots wouldn't have won. 
Bro you are messing up the narrative. Peyton helped mentally and it wasn't just the defense dominating 
He just needs to take out the first don't
Oops, Fixed. Thanks
He wasn't great in that game. He didn't make rookie mistakes, took care of the ball as well as his aging body could let him. He did what he was asked to do. 
I'll probably get downvoted, but Broncos fans were pretty obnoxious about Look what we did with shitty Peyton. It's so easy to get production better than that. We'll never fucking lose again. And then not even making the playoffs.It takes A LOT of luck to win a Super Bowl. Balls rolling your way, timely mistakes that you didn't force, etc.
As much as I *really* hate to admit it, Brady's got him beat. Definitely up there though.  
They always are. Even when the bills shut them out. 
Honestly, this year has been much better in terms of smug compared to 2014. That was just...unbearable.
98 they beat the Falcons.
Superbowl was in 98, regular season in 97.
We lead the first half. We only started losing when Vinny kept turning the ball over in our own territory. Going into the game, yes we were underdogs, but once it got going, we outplayed the Broncos for over a half of football, and our QB choked big time
Nah I love Brady
Nah. We only hate him on the Pats. We hated Manning before he joined the Broncos too. We would immediately embrace him as a Bronco. 
We didn't adopt the Manning/Brady rivalry. Pats Broncos have gone back a ways of not liking each other. Manning gave us the opportunity to continue competing at that level. If Brady came to the Broncos and could take us back to that level no Bronco fan would be mad. 
No mental gymnastics required, I would hate it if we won with him. He's a great QB which makes it easier to win SBs but so many fucktards use that as a gauge for skill for some dumbass reason. That's where the mental gymnastics are at. 
As if Patriots fans haven't adopted the Brady/Manning rivalry?Imagine the mental gymnastics Pats fans would have to do if he won us a ring.
I love him in a I have a shit ton of respect for him kind of way. I honestly don't know what the fuck I would do if he somehow ended up in Denver. 
Lol if Brady where to come to denver there would be no need for mental gymnastic, we would just rub it ib your faces that the goat is now ours
Kill it.  Kill it with fire.
Agreed. This would be like waking up in the Man in the High Castle timeline. 
https://youtu.be/NzlG28B-R8Y
Clearly not familiar with our division, or our coaching staff. We went 11-5 without Brady, with our coaching and a Mediocre defense. 
Overruled. 
Call it Grid Games, Nick, Disney, Adultswim, Looney toons, and oh yeah cartoons all form football teams to compete for who's the greatest animated show network
That's my theory of what happened with the Falcons.
*Documentary
My reasoning is that the AFCCG was very close between us, but then we handily beat the Panthers.
Exactly. We'll only see him bad for a few games before he's benched (perhaps followed by a retirement). BB ain't nostalgic.
Never said he'd be a Patriot.
It's starting to feel like Bill's gonna hang em up when Tom does 
I don't think there's a chance in hell he retires if he wins next year. I don't think he's going to retire until he's not competitive. 
lucky enough to have met his gf Adriana in person twice. holy... fucking... shit...
Yeah I meant more from Romo's point of view. Like, he fights through all those mediocre years where he carries the team, and now with basically the same team as 2014 but now with a generational talent at RB all he can do is watch some rookie QB come in and win the Super Bowl. That'd be fucking brutal man.
These guys wanna earn their rings though.  I feel like Romo would have 0 attachment to a ring he earned on the bench.
If Jim Irsay can send Edgerrin James a SB ring the year he left for Arizona, Jerry Jones can surely send Tony Romo a thanks for helping build a SB caliber team ring.
He wrecked the Eagles on that 4 play drive too. 
Nah, he'll go to the Packers.Tony Romo: My Next Chapter
This year would have stung worse, dude. He'd be Bledsoe 2.0
What kinda hell would there be in Dallas if he beat the Cowboys in the super bowl.
[deleted]
0.0 passer rating.  My Dad banned mentioning this game from our house.
I think that's my new favorite NFL nickname of all time.
You were watching football in 1978?
Admitting you have a problem is the first step... yada yada! Come to the greenside while you are at it mate. 
Viking fans always love to rub it in.
Nothing about that Owl would be Superb.
That's just flat out mean...
I may still cry every time they show Sakic giving him the cup
Not working out so great for Iginla 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uYHKUNV0FXs
Champ is the one that hurts most. He balled out for so long with this team, playing at an all pro level even when the talent around him was absolute shit.
Oh. Oh god. That last one hit me in muh feels :(
Lololol what's the context behind this? 
I can never get tired of this gif.
literally me right now.
Superb indeed
Can we just have one with him first? :(
Come on man I thought we were cool.
Man that's one superb owl
Don't put that evil on me!
FUCK THAT
...with us first, please. 
/r/superbowl 
Portland Superb Owls confirmed.
Never heard of the NFL giving away owls, never mind superb ones.
And so does every OJ. 
yeah, it's not like a man-child posing as an NFL coach had anything to do with that fiasco.
That's a bad guess
Actually, a colt is a young, uncastrated male horse, under 4 years old. 
Someone needs to change it to navy or white for you guys
Yo but the 3 in non-orange taste pretty fucking good bruh
He did what he needed to, which was to avoid turning it over too much. Neither team put up a strong offensive front but the Broncos defense turned two fumbles into ~15 points in a game they won by 14. By avoiding turning the ball over and letting the Carolina Defense score off of them, Manning did his part in getting the win.
Hot take: Peyton had never played well in a championship game
If Peyton was like Elway, he'd have been watching it from the couch, having retired the year before.
The difference in that game was the panthers defense dropped a couple of picks, rewatch it at you'll see it. He played a great career but Carolina handed him that trophy. 
Yeah, Brock's bad play in his last game might have saved your season. If he didn't get benched, he probably would have started in the playoffs. It could have been the difference between winning the Super Bowl, and being one and done. Manning's football IQ was still huge for you guys.
I dunno. Brock beat the Pats that season. Great defense and great rushing...broncos didn't need an elite Brady-like QB behind center in that one.
Sure, I mean a Peyton at 50% is still a great leader. But game manager starts to put him in the field with everyone else. 
Brady put up better numbers there too! lol. Yeah baby Brady had just started to climb the mountain. Peyton just fell off the cliff. 
Lol that was his 2nd year and his 1st year starting at QB. 
You clearly did not watch that game. Didn't know Peyton played defense, offensive line and running back. 
People think every time they say narrative, they're just automatically right. Go back and watch the game with someone who played football.
Or didn't
You're responding to the wrong guy. Guy I was responding to has now edited his post to fix the mistake.
Copied and pasted from another comment because I'm lazy---How sure are you about that? Let's compare Brady to Manning (but limit off Manning's career at 2013 since comparing to too-old Manning is pointless, and Brady hasnt reached that point yet) which is also convenient because its the same amount of games (237 v 240)Brady's completion percentage is 63.8%, Manning's is 65.5%Brady has 61582 yards (259.8 per game), Manning has 64964 (270.7 per game)Brady has 456 TDs (1.92 per game), Manning has 491 TDs (2.05 per game)Both Brady and Manning have a 97.2 passer ratingBrady has 152 picks (.64 per game), Manning has 219 (.91 per game)Brady has 417 sacks (1.76 per game), Manning has 270 (1.13 per game)Brady's YPA is 7.5, Manning's is 7.7For a more inclusive stat, Brady's ANY/A is 7.09, Manning's is 7.24Brady's career average value over this time was 164, Manning's was 168.I just went through every single useful statistic in PFR's player comparison tool in case you think Im being biased.  The only ones I left out are team record (significantly more team dependent), completions and attempts (put in percentage instead), longest pass (its one pass and counts on YAC from receiver), AY/A and NY/A (because I just put ANY/A which is more inclusive), and the rushing and receiving stats.Across all of this, Manning is better in every statistic except passer rating, in which they're equal, and interceptions in which Manning has thrown more.  So do you think that the single interception metric is more valuable than yards, TDs, completion percentage, career average value, Y/A, ANY/A, and sacks?And for those of you who only want to blindly look at playoffs, Manning still has a higher completion percentage (by 1.6%), yards per game (by 19 yards), Y/A (by .5), ANY/A (by .39),  passer rating (by .2), and less sacks (by .5 per game).  The only thing Brady wins in is TDs (.3 per game) and less picks (.1 per game).  So once again Manning is better in nearly everything, except TDs and picks (and this in a smaller sample size too)So why is this clearly wrong? Manning is without a doubt the better statistical QB over the period of their peaks, and thats just numerically.  Some people point to a a better cast of offensive skill players, yet Brady's better defense as a whole allowed him to get better field position and be in a place to throw more TDs, less picks, and have to take less risks with the ball giving him a better chance at a good passer rating, not to mention a better to significantly better coach than what Manning has had throughout his career, which creates more stability as well.Anyone saying that Brady is clearly ahead of Manning is either biased from their favorite team, or is biased by recency. The two are extremely close, and statistically in both the regular and postseason, Manning is ahead
I have to agree. After SB49 was just awful. That said we're still in the fresh after the SB graciousness period. Check back in a month or two.
in '99.
No they beat the falcons in January 1999
No that's not what happened. The wind was crazy that game, and the Jets led 3-0 on a field goal as the first half ended. Early in the third, the Jets blocked a punt and scored a touchdown on a one yard drive to go up 10-0. Immediately, Elway hit a long pass to McCaffrey and Denver scored a couple of plays later. Then the wind screwed up the kick off and Denver recovered it in the red zone. They hit a field goal out of that and the game was tied not even half way through the third. In fact, Denver ended the third up 20-10 without a single turnover from Testeverde. His first interception didn't come until the 4th quarter and it allowed Denver to kick a field goal to go up 23-10. His second came in desperation with under 3 minutes and the Jets down by 13. Meanwhile Terrell Davis was rushing for 167 yards on over 5 yards a carry. So no, you didn't lose because of Testeverde, you lost because Denver was better and the Jets couldn't stop the run. 
True, there are a few of us oldschool Broncos fans who hated Manning far more than Brady. That man did bad, bad things to us back in the day whereas we had pretty good success against Brady. 
That, and I never liked Peyton
I liked Manning before. But the Colts are kind of my second team
That's fair, I hadn't contemplated that aspect.
I can attest to this. Watching Super Bowl XLIV, I recall saying something along the lines of I can't stand Peyton and I hope he gets destroyed. Go Saints! To my friends who were all Giants fans cheering for Indianapolis because of Peyton.Now I own his jersey. Go figure.
That's very fair.  I was specifically referencing the pocket of fans who used Manning's arrival to get in on the debate between the two of them and their legacies rather than the rivalry between the teams themselves.
Bronco fans would furiously Delete anti-Brady tweets.
Pats fans and Colts fans didn't adopt the rivalry. They helped birth it. Denver came into the picture much later. 
It was **born** to us, we didn't inherit Brady from another NFL team.  How do I even have to explain that?And if Brady won a ring with the Broncos, only a fool would diminish his accomplishment.  Hell, it would put him square with Manning in the only starting QB to win a SB with two teams segment of the argument.EDIT: SALT OVERLOAD 
Luckily thats not ever going to happen.
Well, my comment explicitly uses the qualifier referring to those in your fandom that shat on Brady as if Peyton Manning was a lifelong Bronco rather than Denver fans full stop.  What do you think the odds are that those people in particular who argued on Manning's behalf would have to walk back seasons worth of shit talking *if* Brady somehow wound up out there?*Hahaha suck it we got the GOAT!**Aha! So you admit he's the GOAT?*
Nah it'd be straight planet of the apes looking at the statue of liberty type shit. 
https://youtu.be/iXBwt-Z6Jn4
Your shitty division that has one team not named the Patriots with a winning record every couple years? And what does the AFC east have to do with the Broncos making the playoffs? They're in the west. Alos, last I checked the Broncos have a great D, which would only make Brady better. And FYI, I live in New England, I know all about the division. 
Uh, super secret double veto?
Overruled again. Brady can't win anymore SBs. Too many tards out there that let the rings blind them. 
Yeah but it's more about the matchup than comparing how well teams did against x team. The pats always work the field and try to get open short and quick, and the panthers were more about longer drop backs and deeper routes. I think pats panthers would have been just as close as pats broncos, but the broncos matched up well on Carolina. 
And it was in DENVER which is not fun to play at all
Matchups tho.
I really don't see that happening. 
His exact words are I'll play til I suck
so, never?
As hot in person? 
Oh yeah, I totally hear ya. I agree.I'm just saying that Dak gave Romo a lot of credit, and Tony might even deserve it. So you could spin it that way at least. Not that it wouldn't be a monumentous suck for him, but at least it's *something*.
Age gets us all. And timing is everything. He still would have a ring. He didn't contribute but he would have a ring for all the tribulations he went through with the team. More of a lifetime achievement ring but still would be nice. 
I read an article stating that Bledsoe felt he had earned his SB ring only because he came in during the AFC Championship game to play. Which is awesome; I would be bummed if Bledsoe didnt think he contributed. He was a great QB for us for a long time. Heck, its weird to think Brady has been our starting QB for nearly twice as long.
Sure they do. I was just comparing it to him getting one with the Cowboys for this season while mentoring Dak, as opposed to him going to either Denver or Houston next season, meeting the Cowboys in the Super Bowl and getting beaten. We were talking about what would sting more. I mean, c'mon, that's a no-brainer. 
Exactly.  Ask Osweiler about his Super Bowl ring.
You think if Romo goes to the Broncos this offseason (or any other team for that matter) and the Cowboys win the superbowl in 2 years, Jerry would still give Romo a ring? What? Why? And why would Romo even want it?
Yeah, everyone knows old people can't use the internet.
Yes, I was and Yes, I am old :(
It's not a problem, it's an attribute. Don't make me sick to my stomach. 
I'm an LA Kings fan, but I tear up every time I watch that. And after twenty two years, RAYMOND BOURQUE! 
You know the story behind that?Before the 00-01 season, Sakic invited Ray out to lunch and Joe offered him the captaincy. Free and clear, he wanted Ray to lead the team. Ray declined, saying it was Sakic's team and he didn't want to step in like that.Sakic handing off the cup first, without lifting it himself, is him getting the last word in on that argument. You can kind of see it on Ray's face, when he realizes what's happening. It's like a *You son of a bitch, don't you dar---AH FUCK IT WE WON!*
I do every time. No shame. 
If Jonathan Babineux retires or gets cut I would feel the same way. Babs is not like champ in terms of all time greatness but the guys been on this team through numerous coaches with varying schemes so soft spot for Babs among Falcons fans 
Champ not having a ring KILLS me...I am sure if he hadn't had that damn hamstring and ankle issue in 2011-2012 ? he would have still been on our 2015 roster
Tim and Eric the universe. One of my favorite sketches. 
Surrealist comedy show Tim & Eric's Awesome Show Great Job. Classic sketch.
I'd be down to take everyone's favorite QBs in need of a ring and approaching retirement. We can send them off into history with a win 
I mean.... the running game does need serious work. I'd be willing to try him out
Let's not pretend like Cutler was innocent in all that. 
Hotter take:payton manning has never played a game of football in his life. All those games were faked
Do AFC Championship games count? He threw for 400 yds and 2 TDs on 74% completion against New England in 2013.
What? Of course he did
It kind of makes sense, no?  He was good enough to get mediocre teams into the playoffs, where he had to play against excellent defenses.  We can't all be Joe Montana.
It's crazy how Peyton's pick six is never credited against him vs the Saints, it's only seen as like Well you did good SaintsAnd well, we all saw the pile of shit he was in Super Bowl 48 as well.I mean the Colts still had a real shot. Then Cam gets assblasted for not diving on the fumble.I'm saying both should be assblasted, not just Cam's.
There was only one throw that I saw that should've been a pick. And even that wouldn't mean he had a bad game. Carolina absolutely did not hand him that trophy. His ability to read Carolina's blitzes pre-snap put the Broncos in position to win.
I wouldn't say Brock's game against the Chargers was bad. The receivers were dropping balls like crazy in the first half. CJ fumbled once as well IIRC.  It wasn't necessarily a bench based on bad play, it needed to be done to rally the team. You could tell the bench and the rest of the stadium was deflated and Kubiak needed something to get energy back into everyone.
We needed to not have a shitload of negative yardage plays, and Brock was terrible about taking sacks. Manning still got punished in the SB, but I think Brock would have had it much worse due to poorer awareness.
I do remember that game.  It made me overrate Brock Osweiler
Dude was 39 years old.  Lots of HOFers retired years before that.  If you look at all seasons for 39+ years old QBs, his (10 game) season ranks 9th in completions.  And 5 of the 8 above him are Warren Moon and Brett Favre, who were physical freaks of nature.  (Vinny Testaverde, Doug Flutie, and Tom Brady being the other 3)People get old. 
How many turnovers did he have?
You accuse me of assuming while making an assumption yourself?
While I appreciate you're stats, I feel like you're leaving out the whole *story of football* aspect that the HOF focuses on, and I'd argue has to be a part of any GOAT discussion. I believe that Brady has a better narrative, and contributes to the history of football much more than Peyton. Here's a couple reasons:* 5 SB Rings: Like it or not, superbowl wins dramatically change a QBs perception (see Eli). Brady has more than twice the amount that Peyton has. * The Pats' Record: The Brady+Satan combo took an awful team and turned them into one of the most ridiculous football dynasties in NFL history. * Finally, Brady is still active. If manages to Play until he's 42, then he has a longevity that Peyton simply didn't. Obviously this in large part due to Peyton's injuries, but that sort of tough luck is part of any sport. While these things can't be measured by stats and aren't due to the QB's skill alone, they undoubtedly play a huge role in the QB's perception. When you factor this stuff in, I believe Peyton  falls short of Brady. 
lol comparing two careers and leave a year out bc too old Peyton loooool
I'll be here all offseason because I'm a sad, sad man with nothing better to do.
Was the 98 season
It's the '98 season.
While technically true, that's not how most people think about. They tend to talk about the SB in terms of the season associated with it, not the year it was actually played. Like most Broncos fans I know talk about beating the Packers in 97 and the Falcons in 98. 
Idk I always loved Peyton too, though. I just like great QB play even at our expense haha.
Horserbos. Clippity clop
There *are* tons of Broncos fans who adopted the Manning/Brady rivalry, though.
Oh yeah. There are some dumb Broncos fans. In fact we have some ultra dumb ones that call into local radio (that might be true for all teams). They would probably be doing some gymnastics. 
I'd argue our beef with the Pats goes back a ways further, at least as far back as us handing TB12 and company their first post-season loss.
Not salt you're just a fuckin douche 
Lol you really think they would care about having to admit Brady is the GOAT when he is on THEIR team...
Gatebro veto
The hell is that supposed to mean?
Unless your team wears orange
He's so one-track mind that I could see him wanting to play beyond the point that BB no longer deems him fit to start, but even then I don't really see him making the decision to leave. He's determined but he's not an idiot, when BB decides he can't start he's not gonna think he can rebuild from scratch with a brand new coach. 
When I suck, I'll retire technically
ya.
I'm just really interested to see how this all plays out. I feel like the whole Romo for Dak situation is the kind of thing that'll have tons of ripple effects down the road and be talked about for years.
As much as i hate anything associated with the cowboys.... Tony might deserve it?I have to give Romo credit, he didnt make a scene about being on the bench, and every time you saw Dak on the sideline, Romo was there going over whatever was on that tablet at the time (last few offensive plays, playbook, whatever it was at the time). Tony Romo coached Dak Preskott through a pretty great rookie season just as much as his qb coach did.
That's legit though, he came in during a big game and contributed.  Romo did literally 0 this season due to injury.  So I think you make a good point.
He came up big when the team needed it, so I'd say he definitely earned it.
Osweiler actually played a decent amount of the season they won though so he definitely contributed.  
I still have dial up AOL and a MySpace profile. 
Bring Zimmer with ya as well. We need a good DC when we fire Kapers this century maybe. 
Take that thing and skate it baby!
I worked at that restaurant during the very beginning of that season. Only game I went to that year was the OT playoff win against StL. 3rd row from the top, that place was LOUD AF! Some kid's ear started bleeding, his dad hauled him outta there quick.
https://youtu.be/NFTaiWInZ44
You have kids growing up like Daddy my dream is to be a quarterback in the NFL, play really hard for my team, and then go to the Broncos late in my career for a send-off win. 
Will you take Brock back?
We'll take care of every other position, you take the QBs.
Is he going to play oline?
The only 3rd party account I've read regarding the incident is from Ted Sundquist.Based on that I find it hard to put much blame on Cutler. I know if I got a new boss and he basically told me I suck but it's OK because he's a genius and can totally cover up for me, I would look for a new job, fuck that guy.
AlternativeGames
I knew it!
Typical media with a Manning bias
Fake news
No that doesn't count. It won't fit the narrative. 
Yeah well maybe he should have thrown for 3TDs instead of 2. 
Thank you
no
He failed to rally and focus the team, though, after a slew of bad, sloppy plays. Manning did so immediately. It was night and day. But yeah, Brock individually was alright.
I think everyone did. I mean the pats had like 3 bad turnovers like a botched punt return that helped out. Easy to score when starting a drive in the red zone. 
Did you see what Brady just did at 39?
The story of football is inevitably in the GOAT discussion a lot, its one of the reasons guys like Joe Namath or even John Elway are higher.  However, in my, and I'm sure others beliefs, GOAT QB is less about the story/success that helps people with things like the HoF and being the face of a franchise, and more about skill, talent, and ability.  So I understand why Brady might be ahead in some people's eyes, but for the people that don't look as much at the story, they're pretty neck and neck.And I'm not sure if I agree about the history of football contributions to that extent.  I'd say Peyton changed the game more than Brady did.  No one was quite the OC at the line that Peyton was, and when Brady started to do it more, it was after Peyton had already blazed the trail.  He was the first in this amazing age of QBs, and for the people that started watching this generation first, he'll always be the forerunner in that regard.  And retiring on a Superbowl, coming back from an insane injury to a new team and having one of the best QB seasons all time, etc. he has almost as much of the story aspect as Brady does.And Brady does have the 5 SBs, and storywise, that accounts for a lot, but if not for the Vinatieri kick, the Butler pick, and the Falcons decision to not run the ball and kick the FG, all things Brady didn't have any control over, Brady would have the same amount as Peyton.  Also, better team/coach and all that jazz.And I agree, Pats record is incredible, and once again, contributes to the story, but it's not a great indicator of skill.And yes, that I agree with, but that's a big if.  Peyton was the best QB in the league one year, and started his regression the next.  We never know what small thing Brady could experience next and cause his fall, and until he does play until he's 42 and gets that longevity, we can't assume he has it.  I agree though, if he does play a few years more than Manning, that definitely gives him a step up.And I think that's where I completely agree with you.  They play a huge role in QB perception, but when I try to evaluate the GOAT, I try to filter that out.  Because my definition of the GOAT isn't who's most widely perceived by the GOAT, but once again, who's the best in skill, talent, and ability.  And I think that's too close to call as of right now.
If you want to have an intelligent discussion, than respond to the reasoning I typed up on why I did that.1) No one thinks cripple Peyton was anywhere near Brady.  The true question is who was better when they were both physically fit to play.2) Brady hasnt reached the end of his career yet, when he gets too old to play. Peyton did, and it showed. So until Brady gets there and we can see when/how age affects him, the most ideal comparison to do is to take out Peyton's hobbled years and compare them when they still had the physical capability to play
So that's why you support the jets ?
I was making a joke, but if we're being pedantic...
Man, Boston sports radio is mind numbingly full of some pretty delusional people, so you're not wrong.  I'm old enough to remember the Pats being one of John Elway's preferred victims during his playing days.  Shannon Sharpe's Call the National Guard! and all that.  But yeah, there are of course serious Denver fans and I took away a net positive experience when I travelled to Mile High for the '13 AFCCG - obviously disappointed in the result, but sat around a good bunch of folks who were very welcoming despite my group's rooting interest and even bought us a round when our fate was sealed.   Real nice stadium you guys have.
I was referring more specifically to the Brady/Manning rivalry, rather than Pats/Broncos

Not at all, but it would be amusing that years of shit talking would get erased out of sheer convenience.
The Vetogate
Means you put way more stock than you should into how much a SB win makes you a better individual stat. Tom Brady doesn't win them by himself. No one does. 
He's gotta think about legacy and his own brand.  The TB12 store isn't going to sell much if he's a mediocre QB.
And I think the Brady-BB relationship is unique. After a few more years of success, their partnership will be 20 years. It could enter a 3rd decade. Has there ever been a single coach-QB pair to have such longevity and success? I guess what I am saying is that Brady playing or BB coaching without the other would feel like a divorce. 
Dream scenario (for neutrals at least): Tom and BB have a couple more seasons together, but by the end of the 2019 season it's obvious that Brady is no longer able to do it. So an offseason of back-and-forth between the two sides goes on, only for Brady to be traded to his hometown 49ers a week before camp.Brady somehow is revitalized by playing in Cali for a new coach and a new team, and leads the Niners to a playoff spot. Against all odds, they win three road games and reach the Super Bowl only to face none other than BB and the Patriots, setting up the most hyped Super Bowl in history.
Nice.
Bledsoe and Brady.  You never know.
I don't think the situation could have been handled with any more class than what Tony Romo displayed this last season. And all kidding aside, it doesn't matter who you root for, you have to respect that as a fan of sport. 
So you really don't hate the Cowboys at all. This would barely pass muster in an Eagles bar 80 miles from Philly.Flair up with your real flair, Dak.
Agreed, but I wonder if he'd feel the same way about this first ring as he would about any potential future rings in which he wins as a starter. 
This takes me back to 2008. Haha we really need to invest in our broadband network in the country. Still can't get good Internet where I live. $79.99 for 3mbps. smh
So I *absolutely* know that MM is an established HC with a great rapport with Sharon and he has done a great job of keeping the Packers relevant (and more) throughout the years. But no way in hell would we even entertain a Zimmer for MM *swap*, let alone him just not being a HC anymore. 
Everyone, have all my upvotes.
I've never seen this before. That was glorious.
I love the BWAAAAHHHHHH
I've said it before, and I'll say it again... there's something wrong with those guys. Mentally.
The future sounds like a great place
Even we couldn't win a SB with Brock
If you give us 32 picks
Brady to the Broncos to win a Superbowl confirmed?
Of course so he can slice through the defense. 
Cutler by his own admission refused to return Pat Bowlen's phone calls. I don't care what you think of McDaniels, there's no excuse for disrespecting Pat like that. 
You apparently don't even know what narrative was set then.
Broncos won that game... 
The bad plays weren't because of Brock though. Peyton didn't look as good as Brock either when he played, but it was something else that proved to be invaluable; the experience, knowledge, and iconic stature that was Peyton Manning. Brock was making those throws in the game, but bringing Manning in brought the whole team to life just by seeing him out there.
I didn't.  He was on a fucking stacked team, put in good positions on the board and on the field, and he did... okay. It's not too hard to see what might happen if he's on a NOT stacked team.  Though there's no reason he couldn't develop into something better.  Some QBs seem to not really hit their stride for a few years.  
I did -- it was the best season by a 39+ year old QB in history.  And I think it's maybe the fourth really goon season by a QB that old in the history of the NFL.* Brady 2016 (3500 yards, 28 TD, 2 INT) age 39, 12 games* Favre 2009 (4200 yards, 33 TD, 7 INT) age 40* Moon 1995 (4200 yards, 33 TD, 14 INT) age 39* Moon 1997 (3600 yards, 25 TD, 16 INT) aged 41At some point, your body gives out.  For QBs, that seems like sometime around 35-38.  For RBs, they're lucky to make it to 30 in good health.  
your reasoning was shit which is why i didn't address it. Comparing the goat and doesn't include a season. I mean cherry pick away, i guess calvin johnson is the goat since in 2012 he had 1964 yards. 
> Shannon Sharpe's Call the National Guard! and all that. That's what I always think of when someone says the rivalry is only as old as 2012. bb pls
That must be a symptom of sports radio in general, at least on the local level. Idiots getting their 20 seconds of Fame by spouting stupid opinions. Glad you liked our stadium! I would like to think the majority of fans are like the ones you met.  
Ah, gotcha
Are you insinuating you believe either Elway or Peyton is better than Brady?
Imagine watching your dad and new step-mom physically brawl against your mom and new step-dad. That's what you're wishing upon me. 
Don't you wish that evil on the NFC...
I mean, it made me a fan of Romo and I didn't give two shits about him, before. Handled everything like a pro's pro.
If only his body was as strong as his willingness to help
Agreed!
This year exposed us hard. To be frank we suck since 2012. Every year Rodgers carries us to the post season, lately with some miracle shit in week 16-17. We should recognize that Rodgers is in win now mode and we should be as well. Thompson and Kapers are liabilities and are actively wasting the potential of one of the greatest QBs ever. I wouldn't mind a tanking season at this point to get rid of the front office. Give the Young Wolf a chance and hire a hot HC candidate like Zimmer was before the Vikes. Right now our system or lack of willingness to adapt will get us to the playoffs because Rodgers is willing us there. Until we get some decent draftees at key positions, actually get key players in FA and fix our fucking defense. Well Rodgers can kiss his rings goodbye. Such a travesty and waste of talent. Give me Zimmer anyday over MM. He gets defense. 
It was incredibly cool of Boston to throw a parade for Bourque, and I'm not just saying that because I use Boston has thrown as many Stanley Cup parades for the Avs as it has for the Bruins in the past 45 years as a staple of my hockey trash-talk.
Brock beat the Pats, which gave you homefield, which really helped you beat the Pats again in the AFCCG that came down to the last play.  Brock was a pretty huge part of your superbowl run if you ask me.
Or Jay Cutler
Brock will throw 32 picks. No worries
You think he needs another ring?
>In need of a ringI think we got Brady covered on that one at this point
I feel like cutler is one of those guys who because he's very quiet people don't think he's an asshole but in reality he is. I dunno too much about the Pat Bowlen incident  but bears legend and definite HOF Brian Urlacher who defended cutler probably numerous times didn't receive a single call from cutler after urlacher announced his retirement. Cutler pretty much used his one pro bowl app to get so much money 
What?
^it was ^a joke
^it was ^a joke
Once again, you show an inability to have a logical and  sensical conversation.  Brady's career isn't over yet, and Peyton's is.  To have an accurate comparison, you can't just take Peyton's regression due to age into account, when that hasn't happened to Brady yet, it isn't an equal comparison.  And lol, did you just compare taking out one year in an attempt to make an equivalent comparison to only using one year as a comparison?  That's ridiculous.Also, cherry picking would be if I was taking stats in a specific context to make someone look better or worse, with no other purpose to the context.  Since I've already explained why I chose a certain context, and made that decision before even looking at the stats, by definition this isn't cherry picking.So if you have any logical arguments against this, please let me know, instead of just saying random phrases like comparing the goat and doesn't include a season.  There are so many more good reasons to not include a season, including the one I just had, saying inane phrases like those doesn't help your point at all, and just points to the lack of reason you're showing in your comparison.
Can't remember ever having gotten the better of Elway on the field.  That's how far back I go.
I'm saying they are pretty interchangeable because they are all three great, however there are way to many variables in football to say who's the best. Who's had the better coach? Who's had better receivers. Who had a better RB. Who had a better defense. Who's team was more rounded and complete. And that's just for one year of football. 
No BB though so I guess we'll be ok.
I don't even know how to respond to this because it was said by a Packers fan. I think you get the one Packer upvote I spend for the month. Well done, enemy. 
Damn 2013 lol. At least we won the ship in '11! Edit: And the Sox won in '13... yeah we are spoiled.
in the first quarter of a preseason game...
He probably thinks he does. 
He still has empty fingers fam
assuming brady has a regression. You're such a mouth breather lmao. Keep on cherry picking friend
Yea I looked at your history for 10 seconds and can see you're a Brady hater. No reason to hide what you have been inferring man. 
Fuck all of you in advance. 
And Josh Gordon is very loosely on the team
On one hand, yes, we all know the Browns have been spectacularly bad at drafting. On the other, didnt we see from last off season that their new Front Office's plan for the team was to completely gut the roster and to stockpile draft picks to rebuild it? This should be what you would expect to happen. (speaking as someone who has just gone through of the first two years of the exact same process with the Bears, only without all the draft picks)
I think this was the main reason of this past season.  Past regimes used scotch tape to get us 3 to 4 wins but failing miserably in the first round of drafts.  This regime finally said fuck this build and burned it down to start over.The plan the FO has had so far has been fantastic now it comes down to execution.
There's a reason we fired Crazy Trader Ray Farmer.Also, remember all those scouts who loved Wentz that we fired after the draft.  They were guys responsible for those drafts.
Just let the dude get stoned 24/7 and you got an offense 
Their last 10 years of first round picks they have more players out of the league than with the team still.
Don't worry I'm leading the browns to the super bowl in madden. 
Unsubscribe
I am pretty sure i could of drafted better than the browns by being blindfolded and throwing darts at players names to decide who to draft
Wow.
The Browns have one thing going for them. They didn't lose a 25 point lead in the Super Bowl.
I imagine every morning for a Browns fan starts with stomping out the bag of shit that was lit on fire by the rest of the NFL.
[This post in video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sZcf-O49rHg)
The NFLs farm team. Cleveland deserves better. I'd love to see them turn it around and build a winner. Would be a great story.
They should stop asking homeless guys for advice 
Wow. That's absolutely incredible. I had no idea Josh Gordon was still on the Cleveland Browns roster. 
And the most impressive thing about this?*Gordon was drafted in the supplemental draft.* Of their regular picks, none are still on the team.
I bet that's not that far off in terms of raw numbers for many other teams I bet. I'd think most teams only have 2-4. average career life is 3 years 4 weeks? I bet statistically 80-90 something % of those guys should be gone through FA or because they couldn't hack it in all accounts. 
Day without shitting on the Browns: 0
So none. 
That is actually kinda astounding 
This is what happens when you have no stability in the front office. This is what inexperienced owners or owner who don't care look like. Hopefully this is all changing around with the new group in place. Hue had an atrocious season but was not fired. Added a real D.C. In Williams and their drafting last year was not a disaster like previous years. This year they will improve the defense and it will be a different story in Cleveland. 
To be honest most 'former Browns' are trash
Is Gordon officially a Brown?
That's how you run an organization into a 1-15 season. Bravo
That's really not surprising at all....we totally blew up our team when Hue came in...hence all the rookies we played lasts season, hence the 1 win. 
But how many players from the New England Patriots?
If i had to give one stat to describe/embody the Browns and everything they about, this would be it 
For the record that is a total of 25 drafted players with only one making roster including 4 first round selections with two in the top ten. For perspective, from this years draft all 14 of Cleveland's picks are still on roster. We will see how many last
I thought they cut Gordon?
How many of these guys are even still in the league? Schwartz, the fast little guy who went to the Chargers, Mingo who sucks.  That's all I can think of.
That's because he's buried under suspensions. 
WOW...no wonder Myles and Watson are kind of making it clear they'd rather play elsewhere...
Jimmy G would be nice to throw to Gordon if he ever cleans up (but probably mainly Pryor), keep the pipeline from New England to Cleveland going. I mean, it's a pretty one-sided pipeline. More of a one-lane highway.
Do we know how this number compares to the rest of the league?  Or more specifically, do we have lead wide numbers for this metric?
See? Just give us a first rounder for Jimmy Garoppolo, you were gonna waste that pick anyways.
Saints only have 4.  Thank god for the Bears for taking Ryan Pace off our hands.  Fucking imbecile.
Don't worry, Sithlord Bill B. will pick him up soon. 
r/nfl your number one source for overused browns jokes
Nobody Browns like the Browns.
Unfortunately, it doesn't look a whole lot better (aside from getting past that whole zero starters thing) if you add in 2014 and its two first round busts.(Bold is still on the Browns roster, italics are without a team.)Round | 2011 | 2012 | 2013 | 2014---|---|---|---|---GM | Tom Heckert | Tom Heckert | Mike Lombardi | Ray FarmerHead Coach | Pat Shurmur | Pat Shurmur | Rob Chudzinski | Mike Pettine1 | Phil Taylor (Redskins) | *Trent Richardson* (FA) | Barkevious Mingo (Patriots) | *Justin Gilbert* (FA)1 |  | Brandon Weeden (Texans) | | *Johnny Manziel* (FA)2 | Jabaal Sheard (Patriots) | Mitchell Schwartz (Chiefs) | | **Joel Bitonio** (Browns)2 | *Greg Little (FA)* |  | 2 Supp. | | **Josh Gordon** (Browns, suspended) ||3 |  | John Hughes (Buccaneers) | Leon McFadden (Cowboys) | **Christian Kirksey** (Browns)3 | | | | Terrance West (Ravens)4 | Jordan Cameron (Dolphins) | Travis Benjamin (Chargers) | | Pierre Desir (Seahawks)4 | *Owen Marecic* (out of league) | *James-Michael Johnson* (FA) | 5 | Buster Skrine (Jets) | *Ryan Miller* (FA) | 5 | *Jason Pinkston* (out of league) |  | 6 |  | *Emmanuel Acho* (FA) | *Jamoris Slaughter* (out of league)6 |  | Billy Winn (Broncos) | 7 | *Eric Hagg* (out of league) | Trevin Wade (Giants) | Armonty Bryant (Lions)7 |  | *Brad Smelley* (FA) | *Garrett Gilkey* (FA)
#FreeJoshGordon
Should they have kept any of these people?  
Jesus. Time to bring in Kevin Costner. 
Wait, wait, wait. The Browns could have had Julio Jones and passed? lol
I want Josh Gordon on my team so bad. Last preseason I was convinced, Joshy ain't no fluke. He's a force of nature, and he's a comin.
Browns whole purpose in life is to steal high draft picks from other teams. They dont care about winning at all. Its all about being a butt of all jokes and wasting talented players. Can NFL please kick this team out of the league?
This reminds of the video where Cleveland news had chickens do the draft and they ended up much better than the Browns Edit: https://www.google.com/amp/fox8.com/2015/12/21/mike-polk-asks-who-is-better-at-drafting-chickens-or-cleveland-browns/amp/?client=safariI'm not making it upEdit 2: Browns pick-Justin Gilbert, Chickens pick- Brandon Cooks. 
Josh Gordon and a 4th for Garoppolo. 
They were very close to ruining Julio Jones' career
(   )
I second this notion. Fuck all of y'all.
In 5 to 7 years when your new FO has righted the ship, it's going to feel so good to rub it in our faces.
That should be on the side bar
you know,I'm about 85% sure I was slowly being propositioned for a threesome I wanted no part of last night.But I would still like the sex.so thanks.
Better wear protection
Hey at least when your team abandoned you there wasn't talk of the Steelers moving in. Crap still gotta change my flair.
So what OP is saying is that the NFL does not need to have a separate farm league? They have the Browns who is by themselves a farm team?
Cleveland is terrible... how do you get a crap ton of assets for Julio Jones, yet have nothing to show for it? Will this be the same case with Wentz? hmmm. Maybe this year, the Browns should stop stockpiling future picks. It clearly hasn't been working out. 
We're just looking forward to the kings ransom you're front office is gonna give us :-)
He'll be a great Patriot.
On the other hand, this seems to be their plan about every 4 years or so when they get a new front office.
On the other other hand, almost every team in the league has at least 50% roster turnover every 3 years.Sure they're probably slightly higher than the average, but if you looked at draft picks from 4-5 years ago league-wide I think you'd be surprised at how few of them are still on the same team that drafted them.
http://i.imgur.com/AjODeJC.webp
Yeah it's easy to gut the roster, now they have to draft well. How was the 2016 class?
Yeah you guys are in it for the long haul and that's what you really want in a complete rebuild.  Thinking 3-4 years down the road, adding depth in every area, changing the organizational culture.  I think you'll start seeing a real turnaround in 2018-2019 if everything goes right.  
You need to suck for on more year and stop the niners from getting Darnold k thanks
Fantastic? You guys went 1-15
>Also, remember all those scouts who loved Wentz that we fired after the draft.  They were guys responsible for those drafts. Little known fact that most people forget to mention, especially the Cleveland media lol
Ray Farmer made great trades. He just drafted shit players with the picks he got.
Led by Cody Literally a goat Kessler?
Hmmm... wonder how rare that is. We were one finger away from that (and likely JPP elsewhere next season).  But we had some rough injury seasons.- Still Giants: Apple, Flowers, Beckham, Pugh, JPP- Still playing: Amukamara  - Out: Wilson, Nicks, Philips, Ross 
I take the Browns to the Superbowl in the bathroom
Congratulations!! You are now subscribed to Sad Browns Facts! Did you know that the Browns are a historically bad team? 
Is that not how they've been doing it? 
Hatd to nlow a SuperBowl when the team has never been in one. The Browns, texans, lions, jags, only NFL teams without a sb appearance. This counts the NFL official both iterations of the Cleveland Browns. Hell, Cleveland Brown even got cancelled.
Same as Justin Blackmon is still on the Jaguars roster.  We don't owe any money to him nor do we expend any cap space or roster spots in keeping him around while he's constantly suspended, so why not?
/r/theydidntdothemath/r/theyspeculated
Not really - shitty drafting and constant management changes resulting in quickly shifting strategic directions is a great way to get rid of all of the players you've drafted, especially in the mid/late rounds.  Every new iteration wants to bring in their guys for their system and that makes everyone else on the roster expendable except for the three guys who have actually proven themselves. And if Ray Farmer hadn't been too cute in using the Transition Tag on Alex Mack in 2014 and letting the Jags negotiate the long-term deal with him, we'd still have an answer at center and wouldn't be starting 8 QBs a season.
It's hard to say Hue had an atrocious season when he completely blew a team up purposefully. It's exactly what everyone expected. I would say Hue had the season we needed. There's at least 6 good new players to build around (plus Joe Thomas) and we have some great draft positions this year. There's a lot of good to take away from this atrocious year.
Still on the roster.
Uhh..I thought we cut at least one?
Considering the nine out of the fourteen draft picks we had were in the 4th round and later, I expect at least four of the guys we drafted last year to not be on the roster by the end of next season.  And those late round draft picks are exactly why the average NFL career is 3 years.  Per [this article](https://datascopeanalytics.com/blog/the-chance-of-a-bust-in-the-nfl-draft/), 60% of guys taken in the fourth round fail to pan out into even marginal role players (WR5, special teams, etc), and that number goes up as you go into the later rounds.  If you have the bar set at being a consistent starter over their rookie contract, the day three draft picks have a >75% probability of busting out.  The fact that we had nine guys drafted in those rounds means that there are likely two starters, maybe three, starters that we got out of that group and that's likely one or two more than we'd have gotten if we'd had just our normal late round picks.
Was disappointed about losing Schwartz and Benjamin, but that's about it
Time to draft a running back 7th overall because his dad played for the team 15 years ago 
Lmao yes their entire company plan is to basically be a meme. Because that's how business works 
Link?
That is hilarious 
They don't have a 4th to trade.
Nah. He would have put up good numbers despite bad QB play and signed somewhere else when his contract expired.
Shitting on the browns just for the sake of shitting on them huh? Josh Gordon did pretty well, and Terrelle Pryor revitalized his career this season as well.
He's making it sound like a threat...
I didn't say nothin!
That is definitely not the first time that's been said since 99... 
You're being way too optimistic
[it's the circle of life](http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-BRW2AHR4JcQ/UsDuf-IDjDI/AAAAAAAADpM/o7WBqLrBghE/s400/browns%2Bcircle%2Bof%2Blife.jpg)
Will you guys still be in LA or will you be somewhere else? 
 They're still awful now tho
Your team is arguably in worse shape 
I sincerely believe that the average Pat's fans IQ drops about 20 points when they start talking about Jimmy G.You're not getting more than a second and a conditional for him and you'd be crazy to expect anything more.
Dude you're not even going to get a jester's ransom let alone a king's
I actually think we finally have a good enough receiving corps to not be miring other teams' players anymore.Hogan and Mitchell were great additions this past season.
So...... Gordon for Jimmy straight up.... **LET'S DO THIS DEAL!**
Honestly I'd love to see you guys get him and get him back on the field. I'd love to see him have like a monstrous 2000 yards season with Brady as the rest of /r/nfl loses their goddamn minds. 
I mean to be honest I don't really think he is a scheme fit for you guys. That offense is predicated on timing and football iq (I.e. being on the same page with Tom) Josh Gordon is a generational athletic talent but I don't know if he'd be able to learn that playbook and route nuances it/Tom/Bill demand to be successful 
I wonder if he's too stupid to be on the Patriots. He can't keep himself unsuspended, how's he going to deal with the Patriots' playbook, which is apparently a struggle for incoming receivers?
Shhh don't let people onto it!
The Commish-ragefits would be hilarious. Worth.
For a second I thought we'd already done that but then I remembered it was Jonas Grey, haha
Can't believe I had to read even this far down to find thisEdit: when you think there's no way you get taken seriously and you come back and yup, people think you're serious. 
We usually don't gut the roster like this. What usually happened is we would be jaded into thinking that we were a couple good players away from playing good football, so we would over pay for some lazy over the hill player who wouldn't end up showing up by the time September hit. This is the first time the FO came out and said they were gonna tear the roster down. 
We've never done this
Nope, nothing like this before.  Usually it's a new coach bringing in aging vets, getting the FO to over pay for them and it not making a damn difference come Sunday.  It's how we end up with Dwayne Bowe making 9 million to complete a dozen receptions and be a healthy scratch for 9 weeks. 
Nope. This is first time we've went full tank and burn mode. We usually sit in the 3-8 win range and never bottom out.
After cutting Gould in the preseason, Cutler was legitimately the only member of the 2011 Bears on their 2016 roster.  And I believe Jeffery was the only other member of the 2012 Bears on it.
I liked it compared to most.  Corey Coleman showed promise before breaking his hand. People will argue he had a poor pass/completion percentage but our QBs were throwing it at his feet.Ogbah became a monster once they put his hand in the dirt.Nassib was doing well until he broke his hand.Kindred was on and off until he broke his ankleDrango and Coleman stepped up when our OL fell apart.Kessler put up commendable performancesThe guys I am most excited about though are Seth DeValve TE/WR/FB, boddy-Calhoun CB and we brought in rookie Danny Vitale!
Mad medicore. We drafted too many raw upside guys (Ogbah, Coleman, Coleman, Louis) so they're hope they'll develop but they didn't hit the ground running. 
We got 2 or 3 starters out of this draft with a potential game-changer in Corey Coleman. Mediocre compared to the rest of the league but excellent compared to the previous 3 or 4 drafts.
Easier said than done.
I remember you! Every time I say something positive about the Browns you tear them down. Glad you could make it to this one!
He also brought in 9 million 5 receptions Dwayne bowe
No its Cody same rookie stats as HOFer Wentz Kessler 
Goaty.
Yah I worded it quickly and wrong all of your 1st round picks since 2010 aside from Wilson's fluke injury are still in NFL most of them starting.Browns in that same time have had 10 1st round picks. 5 of them are no longer in the NFL and 1 is another teams 2nd string qb. 
Nicks was still a really good player for his entire first stint. WR1 to a SuperBowl. Philips was good, but he just couldn't stay on the field. Ross was ok. Just ok.
More championships than any other team?Bad in the last 30 years, really.
I don't think they'd hit the board.
Are you having a stroke? 
Your facts are accurate, but everyone already knows them and your presentation of them was awful.
I don't even think Blackmon is getting paid anymore. There was a piece on him a lite while back. It was very sad. Guy knows he's done and isn't even going to bother trying. 
Browns head coach Hue Jackson on Friday said the wide receiver's tenure is over in Cleveland after the latest setback. Brown missed the entire 2015 season while serving a suspension for multiple violations of the league's policy on substance abuseHe's not going to be with us and we wish him well, but we're moving forward, Jackson said. We're going to move on.I guess he's still suspended/reserve
I thought Scooby was in Arizona by now.
I mean there was a contingent that really wanted Clay Matthews because of his dad.
Don't forget passing on the Wisconsin QB because nobody went to his bday party.
3rd or 5th then I guess
Or stayed with them for 9 years then retired despite being able to still play :( 
Maybe it is Maybe it isnt..... **Maybe Gregg Williams would like to have a word with your QB**
(  )
He's a Browns fan, so he'll find a way to make it sad and pathetic. 
Bro. Fuck you.
But you were thinking it.
I really love this new FO and what they're doing. Fite me irl
I just want games between the Browns and Steelers to be fun and respectable again.
Get fucked yinzer
The irony is palpable.
I dont even know if its arguable.  It just is.
And in terms of stockpiling picks, he hasn't shown how the current FO could have possibly made a major mistake with it. This FO didn't make the Julio trade or any of those draft picks that didn't pan out.
Can't we agree that the team that gives their top 5 picks for garoppolo is in the best shape?
This thread has nothing to do with the 9ers, but ok. Last time I checked, the 9ers weren't the franchise to draft Quinn, Weeden, and Manziel. Maybe I should add Trent Richardson on that list?We also aren't the team that actually believes RG3 could be our franchise QB either... 
While I disagree on what JimmyG will get, I wasn't thinking it would be number one overall, but their second first round pick (12) isn't all that insane in my opinion.  Theoretically there are, what, ~6 teams in play for him?  I don't think a first rounder is crazy.   That being said, I am in the minority of pats fans who think that Brady should be traded this off season so long as BB thinks JG can be a franchise guy.  I think Brady would get more than #1 overall from them.  While they're at it, I also think they should shop Gronk around.  But most of my friends think I'm an insane person when I bring it up...
[deleted]
33rd overall pick is nothing to scoff at. Especially if the Pats get back to back picks.
I agree 100%, but if Josh Gordon came here and played at 75% of his 2013 form he would instantly be our WR1. He decimated secondaries with Jason Campbell throwing to him, imagine what would happen with Brady.
Chris Hogan was a ridiculous acquisition, completely unfair how Belichick can grow these scrappy white guys in a lab then hide them out in places like Buffalo or Miami where they stay camouflaged long enough to sign cheap team friendly deals
We're not keeping Dola on his current cap hit I think, he's clutch but not worth that much, I think he walks if he doesn't restructure. Rest of the guys are great but I hope we tag Bennett and pay Butler, hightower, sheard, on the fence about long.
I dunno, sometimes a good team is only one key positional upgrade away from winning the...Ah fuck you guys and your trophies and your supermodel girlfriendwives and your lovabledrunk-not-Irsay-drunk ownership and your perfect perfect bone structure and your 5 rings and goddamnFML
Toss in Joe Thomas and you've got a deal.
Can we run a deal where we get all of your best players and give you every third lombardi?
I like you
And /r/fantasyfootball
40% of Moss' playbook was a go route. I think Brady could do alright with him.
Maybe he was just getting suspended so he wouldn't have to play for the browns.
It's literally the second comment
I see reading is difficult for you. 
Late 90s to 2010 cowboys felt like this to me.
Mangini did it back when he took over in 2009, but that was it.  Everyone else has been content to take round pegs and try to fit them into square holes.
Obviously not a draft pick, but the acquisition of Pryor was great as well.
Nassib surprised me. Didn't think he'd be as good as he was.
I mean, if the plan is to burn everything to the ground, that's exactly what you want. I don't think they drafted a lot of that class looking for returns this year, they were looking more Y3-4, with an idea of progress Y2. We've turned into the sixers of the NFL
If any of them are still on the roster in five years it will be an improvement, technically. 
I'd put Ogbah down as a potential game changer as well. Hes definitely a little raw which we know going in, but he showed flashes of his ability where he looked scary impressive. I think he definitely has the potential to be an elite pass rusher
Unfortunately yeah I do. I like the browns and want them to succeed, but just don't like anything that they're doing right now.Hope Hue proves me wrong, I just don't think he's the guy
Thats All Pro Dwayne Bowe to you. 
Still, to this day, completely dumbfounded of that entire situation. What a massive waste.
And we thank you for that
I really wish you guys stick with him. Get him a defense. Please.
McGoatface
It's like when you have 3 drinks and you're really good at darts, and then have 3 more and you're very bad but you still think you're good 
Of course he isn't.  He's suspended. Which is why jacksonville still has him on theit roster. He literally costs nothing.
Yeah, I saw that piece.  Gordon's in the same position, except for not thinking he's done yet.  If Blackmon were to decide that he did want to play football, the Jaguars would still hold his rights via his rookie contract.  Same with Gordon - we're not paying him a dime until he gets back onto the field for us, and while his suspension is in place we aren't using a roster spot on him either.All said and done, if Blackmon didn't blow his money on hookers and blow he's still worth more than you and me combined.
He was set to come off of suspension after the first four games, and basically three days before his suspension was supposed to end he checked himself into rehab (which was about a week after finding out that he was a father from a one night stand, IIRC).  That kept the suspension from being lifted.Hue's just saying that we're not going to game plan around having Gordon because that's a great way to get disappointed when he inevitably does something stupid again.  I've heard no trade rumors for him and if we're not going to trade him it would be stupid to cut him since it costs us nothing to keep his rights.
Scooby was UDFA
We got shit on for taking the worst USC linebacker at the time.
[deleted]
We already have a 3rd from them, so 5th it is.
If you're talking Calvin, that's not necessarily the case.  He could still play, but his last few seasons were full of lower body injuries.  His options were to retire and be able to move around later, or to play and risk some forever/lingering injury.
They're the Browns, not the Lions.
We only fear the one named Pollard.
[https://imgur.com/gallery/rzXLkHb](https://imgur.com/gallery/rzXLkHb) 
I wasn't trying to make a statement regarding my flair you human paraquat. 
This front office is honestly amazing. Coming from a baseball sabermetrics perspective it makes perfect sense what they're doing and it's so smart. Maybe Football Moneyball will just be hiring old baseball dudes and finally having a bigger separation between front office and coaching staff.
Again... not the first time 
That's why we watch Baltimore v Pittsburgh twice a year, right?
NYG won 11 this year...
This new FO has actually used their picks splendidly IMO
At least our GM isn't a former Strong Safety with no experience and at least our Head Coach didn't just blow the Super Bowl with abysmal play calling but hey to each their own.
And none of those picks you mentioned were made by anyone in the current FO aside from RG3
No but you started Blaine Gabbert at QB.
You're also the team with the least talent on their roster and no vision for the future 
I'm a big Garoppolo fan, for what it's worth and I think he'll prove himself a franchise QB. But I think a team would be insane to give up a first round pick for 1 year's worth of cheap QB play. Any team that trades for him is going to have to make a long term decision on him at the end of the 2017 season. That's a huge risk for a player you've only had a year to evaluate. Because if he succeeds, you have to pay him franchise QB money right away and if he fails, you're just out a pick. And either way, you'll have a small sample size to work with.Trading a first to enter into that situation would be nothing short of madness. A second, for a cap rich team like Cleveland or Chicago, can be justified. Not a first.
Nobody is trading a top ten pick for Garappolo. The only teams who need him all have high picks. If the price is the Browns 12, nothing is stopping us from coming back with the 33, as none of the competing teams would have a pick that falls between them. You won't get a kings ransom for a 1 year rental of  a qb.    
Brady seems to somehow get better with age. BB us an expert at getting rid of a guy right before they hit they downslide. Lawyer, Law, Seymour. When the time is right to kill Brady he'll do it without so much as a sentimental tear. That time isnt now.
You won't be able to. Garoppolo wants to start and you'll have to outbid teams signing him to starter money after next year.Either way, that first and a fourth asking price is nuts. It's either a starting point for negotiations or Bill saying hands off. It's not something he reasonably expects to get.
Bill would just trade down for the entire 7th round of the draft so he could get Rutgers' whole lacrosse team in one fell swoop.
Never said it was. I'm just trying to get the people who think you're going to get the Browns's first round picks to sit down
Honestly, there's a damn good chance that he was a one year wonder
he was everyone's WR1 that one year. the best receiver in the league 
 Yeah but the thing about these guys though are that they're deceptively fast. Students of the game, first one on the practice field last one off and afterwards it's right to the film room. 
I think part of it is most teams just don't have the type of QB who can take advantage of your stereotypical white receivers' skill set.  It's 'easy' to toss the ball up to a guy like Julio or Jordy Nelson, but it's a lot harder to take advantage of a guy who runs great routes and catches everything because you need to consistently place the ball perfectly.
Dola has a salary of $6M this year. I think he restructures and signs a new deal. A 2 year/$4M would be ideal for  4th WR. Same goes for LG, bring him back on a 2Y/$3-4M
By all reports we're tagging Hightower to give us time to work out a long term deal.  Bennett wants to get paid, and has made that pretty apparent...  I think a franchise tag on him would completely destroy the relationship, and I could see him holding out/becoming a distraction.
Unless it's EXTREMELY team friendly, with the emergence of Flowers, I think Sheard walks.
Really hope they re-sign Long. Hope the guy is still hungry about winning and wants seconds. 
You are underestimating what clutch and veteran means to this offense.  Dola is like Kevin Faulk as a receiver.
Joe Thomas is better than Jimmy and Gordon
So Thomas and Gordon for Jimmy G and Brady...we'll take it.
Sure, sounds good... wait. No. We did this before, and you gave us fucking Mike Lombardi.
What if that's why you guys gave us collins and potentially Garopollo as well? We give you guys Joe thomas and all our picks and cap space to create a super team, and then in exchange Bill comes to cleveland with all the combined talent every few to change things up and win some superbowls here. 
Moss was one of the smartest football players to ever play the wide receiver position so you might wanna check that 
It should have been in the title! rabble rabble
Would you say it was...Second and long? Hahaha! Get it? Get it? Yeah. You get it.  
Yes
Granted he's probably still drunk from celebrating that badass comeback. As a chiefs fan, I know I would be
> Mangini did it back when he took over in 2009, but that was it. No he didn't. He gutted the roster to fill it with aging veterans and JAGs that knew his system. That's the opposite of the youth movement that this current FO has unleashed upon this roster.
How was mangini? Do you think he should have been given more time?
If we strike gold on a QB (JG/Tyrod/Kirk/whatever) we could easily be 7-9 or better next year, the pieces are there
I disagree with the idea that we HAD to take guys that couldn't produce year one. 
You really only need two guys every year to hang on. Pats have two guys per year from that stretch
Yeah I'm with you on Ogbah. I think he'll become the player that I hoped Mingo would turn into; that pass rusher that can be a difference maker. I'm excited about the direction this new front office is taking us.  They are better at evaluating talent and character than the last few regimes.
If you wanted the Browns to succeed then you would be able to see the positives they are doing. Don't try to use the pity card. There will always be people that don't want to see a team successful and I respect the ones that stand behind that, not play the I want them to be good but they never will be card.
get him a line, God dude died like 3 times this season.
Blackmon is blowing all his money on booze apparently. 
Scooby was pick #250.
Draft Day is a hilarious romp about how NFL front offices are absolutely not run.
The movie Draft Day
Yeah? Well Myles Garrett is his name... *and snappin necks while cashin checks is his game*
Bernard Karmell Pollard.Assassins are referred to by their full name.
You're kind of lame, but I appreciate the film reference. 
I'm not very familiar with baseball, but I do come from a data science background and it does seem to me like it's much more difficult to statistically isolate a single player's contribution in football than baseball.  Both in terms of sample size and how the games are actually played.Not saying it's not possible or helpful in some ways but I remain cautiously skeptical that the level of statistical analysis that is currently applied to baseball can also be applied to football.  
Posts like this piss me off a lot more than they should.
PSA: You get down-voted anytime you go against popular opinion in this sub.
i personally like Cincinnati v Pittsburgh. 
Yep
Good god he had a family
I was talking about the irony of a 49ers fan criticizing the Browns.
Not OP, and he is kind of being a dick, but please fuck off with this Niners have the worst offseason ever narrative. Lynch has basically apprenticed under Elway for years, has great leadership, and great connections (Peters). As for Shanahan he did not have abysmal play calling, his team just had shitty execution. If freeman doesn't miss the block, they get a field goal. If the tackle doesn't hold, they get a field goal.
Funny for you to talk about the 9ers GM. Last time I checked, Cleveland's GM was a lawyer with no real background in anything football related. Then you guys hired a MLB guy for a NFL FO lmao. At least our guys have some type of repertoire in the NFL. Hue had a fail stint. He also didn't coach the Bengals out of the 1st round.....
[deleted]
But what a year it was...
Eh, idk. He was a freak athlete. If he actually gave a shit, and had quality organization around him, he'd been a HOFer. 
He was lighting up the preseason this last season.
yeah, kind of hard to be GOAT when 10% of your career is breakout numbers and the other 90% is smoking weed 24/7
They're real:-- Lunch Pail Workers-- Non-elitists-- Heartland values supporting-- All-American-- Not too *urban*-- Joe Six Packs-- Honest, everyday workersD E C E P T I V E S P E E D I S A  D E C E P T I V E M E M E 
The thing with these white guys is that they're not elite athletes. A ton of these guys have the hands, but due to some weird things, whether that's size or speed or physicality, aren't complete receivers.  Belicheck knows he can get these guys cheap while having an efficient offense because no one guy gets the main body of targets and thereby defensive pressure except Gronkowski who is half freight train. So Julio Jones or another receiver would be the GOAT with Bill because he will always have four routes on the field for any eventuality, and as you said, with a qb that can paint any part of the field from distance, you're always going to have an open whole in the defense. Thus, if Brady gets really hot, there's nothing a defense can do to stop him.And that's just the tip of the iceberg for how the pats have succeeded so much. What a coach and what a qb. I'm thankful to have witnessed them.
As weirdly clutch as he is, he only had like 250 receiving yards this season. He's not really worth the roster spot.
I could be ok with letting him walk, he plays extremely small for his size, especially in the red zone. Can't believe he was falling to the ground and completely left that ball to be intercepted by Vic Beasley in OT, he's good at getting yards but very lack luster in the red zone.
I know we just won the SB, but I really hope we have more of a pass rush next season.
Exactly. I'm negotiating over here!
You keep your hands off my GOAT!
I'm not knocking his intelligence at all, I love Moss. But to say Gordon wouldn't succeed due to a complicated route tree is wrong. He ran maybe 6 routes with Cleveland (due to the rotation at QB)  and diced secondaries. What makes you think he couldn't succeed in NE? Edit: wouldn't not would
Swing and a miss
Feels so good to down vote you baby
I was rooting for you guys if it makes you feel better. 
Mangini went full rebuild, which is more what I was referring to. While he didn't stockpile draft picks like the current front office did, the one year where he had significant influence in the draft (2009) we did end up with four picks in the first two rounds.  By the time 2010 had rolled around, Kokonis had been fired and the Holmgren administration took control of the draft process and didn't really care about giving Mangini what he wanted because Holmgren already knew who Mangini's replacement was going to be.
Mangini should have been fired after year one or given a third year.  Firing him after two seasons was the worst possible choice. 
I have no idea how he was on the Browns, but I mostly liked him on the Jets.
Oh, I agree wholeheartedly; just saying that the draft class wasn't made with this year or even really next year in mind for an 11-5+ type of run.
The other good thing about our draft is that when we do take a swing at our QB, we're going to have a WR corps that has been developed into the system and knows what they're supposed to do.  We're not going to get our QB of the future and then have no one for him to throw to, which will be nice.
We'll see what happens. I just don't have faith in Hue and the current regime. I think we'll be having this same conversation in 4 years with a brand new front office. 
o
Myles wants to be a cowboy, mate.
Unless Mary Kay Cabot was right and they trade the 1st overall pick for Garropollo. 
Why am I kind of lame? Because that guy is over-sensitive about his precious football team? 
Absolutely agree that it's harder but I believe it can be done. But it's really not about the individual statistical analysis, it's about examining overall building strategies and determining what actually works to become great. Obviously it's more difficult in basketball than in baseball but people like Daryl Morey and Sam Hinkie have taken the same kind of attitude and built their teams in the best way possible. The NFL is filled with shitty GMs (in my opinion) who always have the mindset of we must always win every game all the time rather than realizing that developing young, higher potential players will be much more beneficial in the long run. Teams like the Jets, the Bills, or the Lions who are constantly just shifting around pieces to find new and inventive ways to bounce between 6-10 and 8-8.
Sample size in baseball is 10x larger and not nearly the team-oriented sport that football is. Numbers can accurately evaluate players in baseball, not so much in football. This is why this moneyball stuff is not quite as relevant to football and is not the way of the future.But this sub LOVES stats (This is basically a pseudo fantasy football forum, let's be real) and people love to be on board with new ideas so it's cool to be in favor of this approach right now despite several great football minds saying this approach is not effective in football.Not saying the Browns won't turn themselves around, just saying they won't do it by crunching a million numbers and details.
I'm not sure that's necessarily the goal. 
Posts pointing out the fact that with their history we should be cautious no matter how much we like the new FO? You might need to take a break if that's what pisses you off. 
I'm aware of that. I'm not complaining about downvotes, I just think it's funny that without any results everybody is convinced that now Cleveland is going to turn it around 
He said Browns vs Steelers.
Shanny was the OC in Cleveland I've earned the right to criticize him.
We actually don't have a GM, Sashi Brown is in control of our roster and he has experience with the Jaguars before us.Paul DePodesta is not our GM, not even close, lol. He is a strategy officer.What you say on Hue makes no sense.If you're going to try and down the Browns for being a shitty team, at least know your shit. Edit: Remind me, how many QBs will you have under contract going into next season? Oh you have to get one in free agency? Hmm I wonder what team/teams will be bidding against you with a much better front office and more ammo to buy.
Even if he leaves for an $8-10 million prove it deal, it would represent more than the Pats could afford to spend on a backup. 
I wanna see Brady to Gordon so fucking badly
I mean, when you're so good you basically change one of the biggest football subreddits forever, you know it's a hell of a year.
True, but I remember the reason he was a complimental draft pick was because he was a pothead.With that said, I wouldn't want to trade for him even if I had the perfect locker room, because 2013 was forever ago in football years 
> If he actually gave a shitAs an old acquaintance of mine once said to me, If ifs were fifths, we'd all be drunk.
Ya, that Brady guy should get his act together. Wasted potential.
Some of those are never used lol 
Gonna disagree with you there.1) Hogan is 6' 1'', he isn't a Welker clone.  He ran as our X receiver most of the year.  He is closer to a poor mans Jordy Nelson.2) People are dismissing them because they don't have great straight line speed, but every single one of them was the top of their class in the 3 cone drill, which the Patriots value extremely highly.3) Belichick goes after who burns us in games, and the easiest way to fix that problem is to just get them off the team.
> except Gronkowski who is half freight train.Hi, my name's Rob and my mom's a Presbyterian and my dad's an International 7,000 horse power locomotive.
He knows the system and has value. Unless they feel that M Floyd would be a great addition to this team, they need Dola. Edelman, Hogan and Mitchell are 1, 2 and 3. Its between Dola and Floyd for the 4th spot. But Floyd is a FA and sure to get a 4 game suspension for his drunk driving act. So you definitely need #80 for at least the first 4 weeks
Yeah I wasn't overly impressed with him this year, though he was injured most of it. I think he was a solid player and I was pleasantly surprised by his blocking ability, but I'm not crazy about the idea of paying a 30 year old TE2 5-6mill/year.
he's been injured most this year. I'm impressed with the fact he touched it out all year
Poorly 
You keep your dirty hands off our GOAT!
You just don't get it.  
I would love to see y'all tear it up
And the Browns want all the Cowboys Draft picks for the next 3 years.......and Zeke **Not gonna happen**
And I want a toilet made of solid gold, but it's just not in the cards.
She's not right.
You seem over-sensitive over my comment. 
The lions have started down this same route, but we have some key advantages already at least 
The old school guys always say that different methods don't work, right up until they get fired and replaced with guys who successfully figure out how to use new and more effective methods.  Analytics may not be as easy or as effective as it is in MLB, but to discard it out of hand because the old guys say it'll never work is folly in its own right.
Suh statistically doesn't have very out there stats but you would be crazy to deny the fact that he is a force and is extremely impactful, demanding double teams every play. Examples like this kind of deters me from the moneyball idea for football but it's hard to deny with the amount of cap space and draft picks the browns have that they have huge potential to be contenders in 5 or so years. With consistency in coaching and a little patience they could completely create a new culture in that organization. I'm rooting for them. 
I mean I kind of get it. The history of the Browns has no impact on this regime of the front office and acting like it does is kind of frustrating. All of the moves they've made so far have at least been sound in theory so I really don't see the need for one of these posts every time someone says something positive about the Browns. 
I personally agree. I'm in the minority that didn't think they had a good draft last year. They got themselves the ammo to be ones to right the ship, but I'm not giving them trophies just yet. 
They want to believe. Guy way up said it precisely - I'm rooting for the Browns, it would make a great story if they became good.There's no more reason to believe this front office will build anything good than there is reason not to. But there sure is a hell of a lot more emotion hoping they do.
and you said baltimore v pittsburgh. am i missing a joke here or something? 
Sashi Brown holds the title as GM. His work with the Jags involved nothing football. Read it...he worked with Jacksonville's section 8 housing. Again, Depodesta is  your FO. I never said he was your GM. You criticized Shanahan's playcalling in the superbowl. I'm saying Jackson's offense was not good enough to get past the 1st round in the playoffs. They got eliminated by the Colts. lmao are you really bragging about QBs the Browns have under contract? lmao. RG3, Kessler, and Hogan are such world beaters. lmao
Do you really want to see Brady with six rings?
I read that as  I wanna see Brady and Gordon fuck so badly(   )
So you're saying I should claim Gordon off waivers?
> ~~complimental~~ supplemental draft pick
If wishes were horses even beggars would ride...
I don't think anything will ever beat [this](http://www.chicagotribune.com/sports/football/bears/ct-cody-whitehair-bears-spt-0517-20160516-story.html) article on Cody Whitehair. They hit almost every white player description.
Also Hogan runs a 4.45 40.  He's got speed.  Sometimes his hands are a little rock-like, that's his drawback.
We can draft someone for the 4th spot and depth or someone from the practice squad, even 4-6M is too much for that I think.
Thatsthejoke.jpg
Maybe Myles will just smoke his way out like Gordon.
The next three years? By then Myles will be a cowboy either way!
Bro. Fuck you.
If you read my post, you'll learn I am not just discarding it based on what others say. I am discarding it because this is a TEAM sport and individual stats depend on too many variables to be reliable. And of course, when there's only 16 games of sample before several months of change occurs (off-season), you don't get a consistent sampling.Also, old school guys try new things as well. And sometimes it's the new things that get them fired. Sometimes not. Nothing is always the case.
It was a cruel relocation joke.
Sashi Brown was in charge of the contract management, employment matters, intellectual property and licensing issues for 7 years with the Jags... so please tell me how that has nothing to do with football? I honestly don't even have time to rebut all of this, Hue turning around Oakland to a number 4 scoring offense? What about Hue taking Flacco to the playoffs and winning games his rookie year? And yes, RG3, and Kessler, are both better than the 0 QBs that will be under contract going into next season for the Niners.
At this point fuck it
Yes
Yes
Yes.
Yes. 
Yes
I'm okay with whatever might annoy Roger Goodell
Yes.
Yes
Christ make it stop
No
Yes
Is there really a big difference between 5 and 6 rings at this point?
Yes
No.
Yes
Yas
Yes, and i only have to wait 359 more days!
Yes
7. He's the greatest ever.
We need to make the rest of the ELoE have at least one empty slot in the banner.  7 rings.
Yes
That's a very nice fix you made to his statement.
The amazing thing about this mistake is that the *only* association between compliment and supplement is that they're both types of angles. This guy made a math joke without even realizing it.
Haha you weren't kidding 
I'd rather keep Dola really. Knows the system and had proven rapport with Brady in crucial 3rd down situations. I'd rather not draft a WR who will have to take time to learn the system and develop a rapport with Brady with the kind of 3-year window we're looking at with TB12. Dola has come up clutch for us several times in our playoff runs. I'd rather not lose that dependability in the playoffs to a rookie.
Maybe Dak and Zeke will get popped for PED use?!
So wait. You get to smoke a ton of pot, and get a few million buck, AND don't have to play for the browns? Sign me up. 
And you'll still be West Coast Browns 
Okay
That's the trick of it, I think: what metrics do you evaluate and how do the numbers interact? I think you are missing a few things. First, individual players are not very important. Second, the sample size is smaller than baseball,  but not as small as you think. 16 games per year times 32 teams times number of years. Moreover, there could be even more data in football because each player is involved in more plays, i.e. ~60 offensive downs per game vs the ~10 pitches a batter will face + the few defensive plays he might participate in. I agree that it is complicated, but if it were easy, everyone would do it. The fact is, Depodesta saw positive results before with his system in baseball. If he feels he can adapt it to football, he's probably right. 
hahaha oh god I'm stupid. that was a good one lol
wtf dude
https://media.giphy.com/media/S3Ot3hZ5bcy8o/giphy.gif
I agree. He's already GOAT
wat
Something doesn't add up here...
Traitor
no
no
No
no
He currently has the most rings of any player.  With 6, he'll be tied for the most by a franchise.  That's a big difference. 
For Steeler fans? Oh my god, yes. 
Yeah, he needs two hands for six 
Got to love historically great defenses 
The 2000 Ravens won every game (including playoffs) in which they scored a touchdown, going 14-0 in such games.Prior to this feat, the last team to score 0 touchdowns in all losses was the 1944 Packers, who were 9-2 with two shutout losses. (Of course, the 1972 Dolphins didn't score a touchdown in a loss, but they didn't lose a game so they don't count.)
That defense may have been the best I've ever seen in my life, with all due respect to the 2013 Seahawks and the 2016 Broncos.
Steelers had six straight touchdown-less quarters in the playoffs this year.
That defense was absurd. I hated them, but they were so good.
Fuck that team
In the 6 games that the Ravens played the current AFC North teams, they allowed a combined 23 points. (3.8 ppg) Crazy.
That team had the highest number of points scored by ST and Defence by any Super Bowl winner ever IIRC, them or last years Broncos.
Whats the consensus on Billick versus Harbaugh? Is Harbaugh far and away a better coach?
I am absolutely shocked that the 1992 Seahawks were not included
Clearly the Ravens are on this list because of that defense. Makes me wonder what's the longest streak by a team getting just defensive touchdowns.
Tfw you win just by scoring field goals, God bless the kickers.
_In a row_ seems entirely arbitrary. What about TD-less games per season (or as a percentage, pre 16-game-season-era)?
Can we start measuring everything in reference to ww2?
Dragon is so elite he didn't even need to score TDs to win.
Nothing against that defense in the slightest, but 3 of the 5 games during the streak were losses (while holding the opponent to 9/14/10 points).  
No you don't 
Yeah, that colts defense was a well oiled machine. 
I don't
Ravens weren't even the best defense that year.
I'm a simple man.  I see 1972 Dolphins, I upvote.
>(Of course, the 1972 Dolphins didn't score a touchdown in a loss, but they didn't lose a game so they don't count.):) 
ey fuck you too bruh
It's debatable but the Seahawks can always point to holding the most prolific offense in the history of the game to one score in the Super Bowl, and this is in the current NFL where the rules make it so much harder to play defense without getting flagged. 
2015 Broncos. The 2016 Broncos defense was great but not historic due to our wet paper towel run defense. 
Ours was better in terms of limiting opponents to much less than their average scoringhttps://www.reddit.com/r/nfl/comments/3rncor/comparing_alltime_great_nfl_defenses_with_context/
I'm a broncos fan, and I absolutely agree. First downs were so hard to come by against that Ravens defense I felt they were like scoring touchdowns 
Steelers scored more TDs from outside the redzone than in it this playoffs.
I like that team
I read that as Belichick, it threw me for a second.  I love Harbaugh, but he's no Belichick.
Harbaugh easily, not to say Billick was a bad coach or anything, but a lot of our players would give up when we had a down season.That just doesn't happen under Harbaugh, he has the team competitive in almost every single game.
You know, I'm amazed that as much as we always had rumors of Jon Gruden or Bill Cowher coming back over the years, that no one ever seemed to mention or care about Brian Billick.   Guys who won a Super Bowl is a small list and I'm surprised he never got a second gig.  
Billick was supposed to be an offensive genius. His handling of the qbs that seasons wasn't great. They gave him the shot to pick and develop a qb. He's admitted he was wrong he felt he could overcome a guy with a low completion % because of the talent around him. 
Near-miss - they had one TD in a six-game stretch.The Seahawks have a legitimate argument that they were the 12th-best of the 14 AFC teams that year, but being 12 isn't much of an achievement.
Before the 2000 Super Bowl, Ray Lewis asked how many points the Ravens would need to win and he said  3.The only points the Giants scored were on a kickoff return, so he was almost right. 
Flacco is not perfect, but if he was our QB in the early 2000's with that great D for such a long time.  I think he would have 3-4 super bowl wins instead of just 1. 
too soon?
Why? 
That defense was second all time in yards per game and first all time in points per game. Please, enlighten me. Edit: Oops, I'm dumb. It was second in the league in yards per game. It remains first all time in points per game. Please, still, enlighten me. 
1972 Dolphins 
The 1972 Dolphins were overrated.
It seems poetic that 1972 is the only *real* edge the Fins have over the Pats. '07 must've been great for you guys.
Best pass defense, arguably. Ravens best rush D.
To be fair to the Ravens, a lot of that was also a total collapse by the Broncos offense as well
I feel that a wet paper towel would have held up better. 
DVOA actually has your 2016 pass defense as even better than the 2015 defense. The rush defense, uh, not so much.
Oops, yeah, I was thinking last year, and since it's 2017...  oh well, I'm dumb.
I may be biased, but I really view them as the second most unlikable team of my lifetime (90s cowboys #1 easily)I just hate hate hate Dilfer, Ray Lewis and everyone else associated with that team outside Siragusa. 
fuck both of these teams' history in general
Billick was the *perfect* leader for that type of team though. Those Ravens were a media lightning rod for a multitude of obvious reasons, and Billick always managed to turn it into a motivational tool instead of a distraction.In a vacuum I think Harbaugh is the better coach, but for that particular team it's hard to find a better fit than what we had in Billick.
Damn Elvis Grbac
> being 12 isn't much of an achievement.Tell that to their fans.
God that AFC must have been fucking atrocious
Idk about that, I'd say lock for 2
Highly unlikely
The pain never goes away. 
:/
Titans had a better total defense that year, which is usually the preferred metric compared to scoring. 
[I'm a man of my word you filthy Jets fan](http://i.imgur.com/qVdlMIRh.jpg)
Sure, they played a cake schedule, but so did the 1974 Steelers and 1999 Rams among others.If the best argument against you is the quality of *your opponents*, you're generally a damn good team.
Actually, they were underrated. The Redskins were the favorite in the Super Bowl. Apparently going 16-0 with the number 1 offense and defense wasn't enough to warrant being the favorite. But you got my upvote, you beautiful Boston bastard. 
Um...the Super Bowl was nice, but that season was not a positive thing. 
The Bucs made the league MVP look like a scrub (but then again so did the '15 Broncos)
^And ^special ^teams ^and ^defense ^and ^coaching.  Basically everyone not named Demaryius Thomas.
Our pass defense was still tits but our run game kinda neutralized that:/
Off-topic but where do you guys go to look up DVOA? Something tells me ESPN doesn't track it.
Lmao DVOA is so wrong on that one
I understand.  
Im sorry but how can you hate Jonathan Ogden
You might be the first non-Ravens fan that I've seen that doesn't despise Siragusa.
Shannon Sharpe?!
I'm sure it didn't help that we starched you guys in the SB. Even Trent Dilfer had a successful game lol.
So two guys you can name
Yes, that was a veiled reference to their fanbase.
It was bad, even at the top. No team won more than 11 games.And to put the icing on the shit sandwich, the two legitimately good teams in the conference ended up facing each other in the wild card round.
Between 1983 and 1998 the AFC won 0 Super Bowls. The AFC was atrocious for a long, long time.
who would he take it from?
You just try to forget about it 
The Ravens allowed fewer yards per play. Our offense just sucked and gave the ball back a lot. The Titans allowed 26 more points on 16 more plays. Arguing that they were better than the best scoring defense *of all time* is flat-out ridiculous. Edit: My reading skills remain bad. 4.3 Yards/play for the Ravens, 4.2 for the Titans. My point remains though. 
I don't really think that. But /u/taylorleprechaun said he sees 1972 dolphins and he upvotes it. 
> I'm a simple man. I see 1972 Dolphins, I upvote.I think he's responding to ^
You don't find it positive that the Pats had there chance at a perfect season ruined?
So did the '13 Seahawks.
Because Gruden knew all the calls
http://www.footballoutsiders.com/stats/teameff. That's the shortcut for the overall rating a per year, you can narrow it down to offense, defense, etc. There are full season DVOA articles on the site with more commentary.
Or Priest Holmes.
It's a jersey thing
Dammit, I felt so clever.
Subscribe
*1997The Broncos won the Superbowl in 1997.
2005. We beat the Colts in 05-06 easily with that defense and a solid offense.
2002 Bucs, maybe 2003 Patriots.
Titans defense was better for sure
Titans had the better per play. Total defense is a better metric than scoring defense as it is more solely affected by the defense. You can rationalize things however you would like, though.  
1972 Dolphins. 1972 Dolphins. 1972 Dolphins. Beetlejuice.
[That I do](http://i.imgur.com/IfCuRUYh.jpg)
I would imagine it kind of loses it's magic when you're one loss away from the exact opposite situation.
Wonderful, but that season sacked ass, the Dolphins went 1-15.
Maybe the Raiders should've considered not trading their HC to a team that was obviously playoff bound and had made the NFC Championship just a couple years prior.
No one knew how good he was when he was with the Ravens.
That's a reasonable answer. 
really wish air mcnair could have held it together for a few more games
Not the 2001 Patriots? The Ravens would have certainly have been a great matchup for the Kurt Warner Rams that year. 
Nah no way, 2003 Patriots were amazing. The 02 Bucs had a better defense too. They could probably have won in 06 vs the Colts though.
Our defense was just as good if not better
Nope.
I would have to say our defense would not have given a shit who was tossing the rock, we would pick him off regardless. 
> Total defense is a better metric than scoring defense as it is more solely affected by the defense. [Citation needed]> You can rationalize things however you would like, though.If you lose the game while not allowing very many yards, nobody cares. The ring and the multiple inclusions on best defense of all time certainly help too. 
Nice!
We still thank you guys for that noble defeat
He was the starter before JA Lewis got there IIRC. He was decent, but nobody would have expected that 3 year stretch with the Chiefs.
We made it to the divisional playoffs that year with Elvis Grbac, who was generally okay but quite terrible that year . Anything can happen in the playoffs of course, but I like our chances of at least making the SB in 01 with Flacco.The 02 Ravens wouldn't have had a chance because they hit cap hell that year and the roster was decimated. The 03 Ravens recovered from the cap purge shockingly quickly and made the playoffs again with Anthony Wright. They're major contenders with Flacco that year as well.
>[Citation needed]It's not very complicated. A team can score in any phase of the game, however they can only prevent yards on defense. 
And bad special teams can allow shorter fields and allow for less possible yardage. 
Or vice versa. Keep rationalizing, you seem to be really good at it. 
The Falcons did what great teams do. Lose close games and not get dominated, but then blow motherfuckers out when they win. This is very misleading.
Falcons are anti-Lions.  
I think the defense's reliance on speed causes this to happen. Once they start getting tired they don't quite have the technique to make up for it.Even in games that they won, teams would start scoring a lot near the end, though people constantly brushed that off as garbage time or prevent defense or whatever buzzword they felt like using, even when the opponent got within a score.
Kyle Shanahan was right when he said he called the SB like he called every game.
Subscribe
http://imgur.com/a/sbjE9
Only time we didn't was the season opener vs the Bucs
It's not even a daily Let's shit on the Falcons post. It's like every 6-12 hours.
At halftime I was wondering how ATL had the 27th ranked defense for ppg. They showed why in the second half.
Just spend $200M on defense, you'll turn that around.
It almost feels mean at this point.
Can we get an AMA of a Browns fan? I really want to know how their lives are holding up now that all this shit is being tossed at Atlanta fans instead of them.
Falcons fans, I think you should go into hiding for the next 6 months.
They're the 2015 giants
Pardon my Cowboys-colored glasses, but, looking back, the way we *almost* came back against GB makes me think we might have beaten the Falcons in the NFC Championship.
Just stop. I'm already dead inside
[C'mon guys](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mAUY1J8KizU)
Hey we did something good 
They also almost blew a multiple touchdown lead against the Saints with a few minutes to go.
That's weird, I don't remember the Falcons playing the Lions 5 times last year.
Staaahhppp
Don't worry, my Chargers did this 11 times.
A lot like the warriors that lose few close games but majority of wins are blowouts 
The correct presentation is that they led all but one game in the fourth quarter. That's a solid year.
Thanks man... Were gonna be really good for some years but people are takin so many shots at us and im still heartbroken, need some positivity 
But we obviously sucked /s
I agree with you but how is this misleading? It's just stating a fact. 
Also known as the Chargers.
Still just as stressful but much more heartbreaking 
[Antlions?](http://vignette3.wikia.nocookie.net/half-life/images/1/11/Antlion_standard_skin_1.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20090601154024&path-prefix=en)
I think age was just as key as speed. An older player is experienced enough to adjust as he gets tired, while a rookie is probably going to have issues adapting. I think in another year or two this sort of thing won't be nearly as much of an issue for the Falcons. 
Did you know the falcons blew a 28-3 lead in the Superbowl?
Omg I didn't know how much I needed this in my life.
Jameis threw a touchdown pass to ASJ and your offense didn't go ballistic. That's how you know Week 1 don't mean shit.
http://i.imgur.com/vB9B5.gif
I hope they keep coming.I feel like with enough shit on the Falcons Karma we go 19-0 and the NFC south explodes
They've earned it.
But then your offense inexplicably gets worse, apparently.
I'll take things Falcons players said in the 3rd quarter for 1000 Alex.
With that username it's only a matter of time before someone sends you 46 dick picks. 
Why?Seriously, this has been the most rewarding season I've ever experienced as a Falcons fan even with the heartbreaking Super Bowl. We were projected to go 5-11 this season, but came within one or two plays from winning it all had they gone our way. I realize you may hang your hat up for a while when the pats don't win the Super Bowl, but the Falcons are trending up and I don't voice in the back of my head wondering what the hell will happen once our QB drops off a cliff or retires. 
So were the 2015 saints
The Cowboys probably would have had the best shot. Hold the Falcons to <30pts and control time of possession.
Nah that game was pretty out of reach for the saints though 
I wonder why you chose them as a comparison...
And not only that, but praising the Falcons makes my Eagles look better via transitive property. Everybody wins!
I'd just be worried about the transition to the new oc.  Early season struggles could affect the teams mentality pretty negatively later in the season with a first year oc.
Theres a lot of famous championship teams that came back stronger after an epic defeat. 2003 Sox, 2013? Spurs, and a lot of other teams that lost in the playoffs in crushing fashion.
>need some positivity this ain't the right sub for you pal
Verse the Eagles? Yes.
Also known as the Panthers.
Hi. 
Exactly. These are just growing pains. In two or three years, they'll still have the fastest defense in the league, but they'll also have a smart and skillful one.You can make your defense smarter and better, but you can't make them faster.
Gonna need a source on that. 
STOP IIITTY PLEASE, for my mental health please :(
George of the jungle. Get on it. Great movie
Jameis picking the Falcons defense apart Week 1 is what makes me so excited for the future. I see sooooo much potential in him and I hope to god we can get the NFCS Breesless MVP streak going this year. 
Oh we can keep em coming. That will not be an issue
You'll go 18-1, losing to the Giants in the Super Bowl even though you're in the same conference.
No way in hell would anyone in the NFCS would stand for that garbage. 
> I feel like with enough shit on the Falcons Karma we go 19-0 and the NFC south explodesI can get behind that.
Yeah that's an unfortunate side effect.
What is The Patriots should put in their second string.?
One down...
Lots of my family turned the game off after the first half, some after the 3rd quarter. When teams win regularly some fans can't take a loss at all. Most of them weren't really football fans until the Pats started dominating, and even then it took them years to get into it and they only watch the Pats.I fucking hate losing. I think everyone does.However I remember the 90s Pats, when we were competitive but nothing special. I've also lived in Florida for the last 8 years or so, and so I have developed an attachment to Florida teams, particularly the Bucs. I love watching football, not just the Pats.Your attitude is one that I try to share. Yeah, it really fucking hurts to lose the Superbowl. But each Sunday during the season I sit down and watch my team play, and when I win more than I lose I think it was, overall, a good season.Yeah, I want to win it all every year. Who doesn't? But having a team that is in contention is really fucking awesome.After the 2007 season I was really bummed out, but I still watched the 2008 season. Yeah, it sucks when everyone piles on about how shitty your team is for losing the Superbowl, but that's just part of the game I think. The real joy comes when you win more Sundays than not.That's kinda why I admire Browns fans. I don't consider myself a fair-weather fan, but it takes serious loyalty to stay with a team through, well, 1-15 type shit year in year out, mixed with heart-wrenching losses whenever your team does find some modicum of success. 
I realize you may hang your hat up for a while when the pats don't win the Super Bowl, but the Falcons are trending up and I don't voice in the back of my head wondering what the hell will happen once our QB drops off a cliff or retires.As a Pats fan I am not worried about this in the least. Just enjoying the ride my friend. But if it helps you sleep at night by thinking that Patriots fans are biting their nails, terrified about the future, well nighty-night.
Cuz the Falcons blew a 3-1 lead in the World Series.
You're the worst out of one of the best divisions! Congrats.
I don't know, despite a brutal loss 7 months is 7 months. With Turfant, Collins, Neal and Jones at linebacker I wouldn't be surprised if they're a top pass defense next year. Combine that with their pass rush and a defensive-minded head coach...and Matt Ryan...and Julio Jones...just can't see them having that much of a slump if at all. In fact I would wager they have a better record next year.
The front office has said that we are keeping Kyle's scheme and verbiage with tweaking by Sark. The how much tweaking we won't know for a while, for better or worse.
Because they lose superbowls?
hello 
Need speed?  Just add meth!
go to www.thefalconsblewit.com
Excellent movie
I'LL COME ALL OVER THIS PLACE
Last time a team tried that shit the Falcons had to go and spoil the party. The favor will be returned should anyone try it again
Lol I think that is literally the only situation (besides against the Pats or gatebros the Saints) in which I would root against you guys.
I call it the Manning effect
Well said. I'm an out of place Falcons fan, who grew up in New York. Fell in love with football because of my dad and godfather's love for it, and they made appreciate the game. But I became head over heels with it watching Micheal Vick play, I was in fifth grade when they beat the Packers in lambeau, told my dad I wanted to be a Falcons fan (he is a 49ers fan), he wasn't disappointed but told me I couldnt be a bandwagon fan and told me I had to root for my team no matter what. So people who choose (because of any reason) to be fans of teams like the Browns or Lions that are historic losers, they hold a special place in football fandom.
I don't know enough about the Falcons to argue that.     Is it kind of how The Warriors blew a 28-3 lead in the World Cup?
Matt Ryan threw LeBron James off Hell In a Cell? 
Where have I heard this before? 
How much experience does he have in the system?
Let our loss not distract you from the fact that the Atlanta Falcons lost the Super Bowl after having a 28-3 lead in the 3rd quarter.
Don't let the Panthers loss in the Super Bowl distract you from the fact that the Vikings have lost four Super Bowls.
I was expecting a Panthers or Saints or Bucs fan to have made this site, like a Texans fan did for www.fuckthecolts.com
Someone get on this please.
Nah it's like how Alabama blew a 6-star lead in the Mario Party Championship.
Or like how Ben Roethlisberger blows a .06 before home games 
Tom Brady came down from the roof of the Super Bowl and Lady Gaga is the greatest quarterback of all time.
Honestly I have no idea, I know nothing about him as I don't follow college football. I read a little bit of him after the hire about his previous coaching spots.
at least we had a lead in the SB.
That's nice, but don't let that distract you from the fact that the Warriors blew a 3-1 lead. 
Don't let that distract you from the fact the Bills lost 4 Super Bowls *in a row*.
That made me laugh for a good solid minute, thanks.
wtf did that play actually happen?! 
that's glorious and now i'm disappointed that fuckthepackers redirects to some no name band.
>OH NO DEFLATERGATERERERERS  >Quick! One of these balls isn't inflated to NFL standards. Spot the cheater's ball!
Wow they've added a ton to that site since the last time I was there. 
It's always that damn Chance Time
Mario lost to Kansas
That explains why his away statistics are so much worse
Yeah. That did make it a lot more fun when you lost :-P
You'd think that was interesting until you heard that the Cleveland Indians blew a 3-1 lead in the World Series. 
Oh god, am I on Facebook somehow?
https://media.giphy.com/media/y82SvD3xkNSGA/giphy.gif
If you're referring to the fake punt play, you're damn right it did. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6i7VKQwDS2s
Yeah, whenever I hear someone argue dumbest play ever, I have to make sure theyre taking this into account.And user above me is right, its always good for a laugh.
Fuck that shit. Especially if you're playing only like 15-20 stars if someone gets 2 from that bullshit it's like a third of the total stars in the game 
Mario used to play for Kansas
ROASTED!
Don't let that distract you from the fact the Leafs blew a 3 goal lead with 11min left of game 7
https://media.giphy.com/media/U1XhGr8CWqvVC/giphy.gif
And he did quite the opposite of losing too
Before the game I was like well at least I'll get to see one of these fuckers lose and then during the game I was like I guess I _do_ hate the patriots a lot, fuck them, I'm OK with this and then later I was like :-D
I went from rooting for the Falcons but wanting a competitive game, to wanting the Falcons to blow the Pats out, to eventually deciding to root for the historic comeback. Like fuck it, let's go Pats.
guessing all the division games weren't played yet?
As I stated yesterday, the '82 season was a wash. I once asked my dad and uncle about it and they said it was forgettable and a dark time for the NFL. 
Part of me wants to see a weird playoff format like this one year just to make Wild Card and Divisional Weekend even better. But I also think the current format is perfect.As bizarre as that season was, nothing beats the ridiculous [1981 MLB playoff seeding format.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1981_Major_League_Baseball_season)
I hope the players strike again, fuck these greedy owners
Hey look, another damn Jets appearance in a conference championship game and not making it to the Super Bowl.
Yeah, looks like they played the first 2 weeks of the season, and then went on strike and played the last 7 weeks of the already established schedule, so division standings were a bit wonky
Still better than the 1994 baseball season taking a year off the 3 dynasy (ish)s from the 90s. The Braves could have gone all the way!
Sounds like your dad and uncle likely weren't big fans of the individual players.
That's how my little league did playoffs.Team with the best record in the first half plays the team with the best record in the second half.My team stunk for three years.  Then my last year in that age group, we ended the season with the best record in the league and still missed the goddamn playoffs.  I quit playing sports after that.
What the actual fuck.
I'm still confused on how they picked who went to the postseason.
What woulda happened if the same team was first for both half seasons? 
That's the most ridiculous thing I've ever seen. What kind of shit system results in two different teams with the best records in their divisions missing the playoffs? Surely they could have come up with something better than that!
well I'll say, ol' chap, it would appear that the peasants are getting ornery again.
there is no solidarity with the players.  Rank and file guys can't afford a strike and the union can't support guys for a long period of not getting their game checks.Something like a labor strike takes a really strong commitment from the workers that I don't see NFL players sticking to.  Big guns with big contracts can hold out as long as it takes but the little guy not so much...On top of that the average shelf life of an NFL career is just over 3 years.  So you strike and then not only have to make up for time lost but THEN deal with incoming rookies already trying to take your striking ass-es jobs.Not to mention you'd have to convince rookies, who are seeing money for the first time in their lives, to give it up for a union they aren't even a part of yet.
I'd like to see the Bears strike if that bill their owner supported actually passes.http://www.chicagolawbulletin.com/Articles/2017/01/25/IL-athlete-benefits-1-25-17.aspx
get rid of the franchise tag or give em guaranteed contracts. oh and get rid of goodell. 
I hope they all strike except us so we get an easy SB win.
That was the Expos year.
If they played in full that year the Braves would've at least had another pennant 
the Reds would like a word with you...
-the peasants are revolting-they certainly are
I'm now picturing Tom Brady crossing the picket line like Montana did in '87.Belichick revolutionizes the scab game by bringing back the Wing-T.
yes
Those are fighting words... (I believe you)
Winning the NL wasn't what we were chasing. The one ring that Atlanta has won in the major 4 pro sports may have had company and that would mean a lot to our fans. The same could be said about last sunday, but congratulations on your win. It still hurts.
> I'm now picturing Tom Brady crossing the picket line like Montana did in '87.Is there a pic or video of this?
It was a game for the ages. And I've had that taste in my mouth twice over the years. (Sort of 3 but I don't remember it) it gets better with time. 
I can't find any, but Montana played in [Week 5 of 1987](http://www.pro-football-reference.com/boxscores/198710110atl.htm).
A few years from now, I'll probably re watch the whole game over a few cold ones and say damn, what a game
I, for one, am *shocked* that he wants to play for his hometown team but is okay with that not happening.
I'll gladly play for the Browns, *aggressively grabs mic*OR ANYONE ELSE
This story got blown out of proportion. The man wanted to be drafted by his hometown team, he wasn't digging any other team. 
This guy is being way too picky, he's never played an NFL snap and already he has a list of 32 teams he is willing to play for?
Myles blink twice if you're in danger
This is the third time I tried to post this and it still isn't showing up.EDIT: Now it is. I thought I was shadowbanned.
I see it
Browns D actually will have a solid foundation to build around with him and Jamie Collins. Too bad their offense is in shambles as well.
Curious how many upvotes this gets compared to the post about him wanting to play for Dallas. I bet I can predict which Garrett thread gets more attention. 
Amateur's want to play for their childhood team. Professionals want to play for the teams that's paying them. Garrett is still an amateur. Once a team starts paying him $500,000 a week to play football, that will become his favorite team real quick.If a team wants to pay me some cash to root for their team I would do it in a heartbeat and be grateful to do so.
Guy says he wants to play for home town.   All hell breaks loose. Outrage.  Must make another statement saying he wants to play anywhere.  2017
Am I the only one who thinks the Browns defense is gonna actually be good next year? I mean, Jamie Collins, Myles Garrett (if they're smart,) maybe get a corner in FA, etc. They have tons of cap space to do it.
Myles Garrett's agent told him to say**FTFY
This is better.
I wonder if this will get 2k+ upvotes like the last thread where he wanted his hometown team to draft him.  I'm gonna guess it gets less than half that. 
BREAKING NEWS Myles Garret further insults Browns!Quoted saying he'll gladly play for... anyone else
I like 6 figure money, great healthcare, getting paid to travel the country, and getting to play my favorite game too.
Lets wreck this league
All teams matter- Myles Garrett
Poor kid.
Have great talent, work exceptionally hard in high school and college. Get forced to work for the worst company in your industry because fairness. 'Merica
But he'll *super*-gladly play for the 'Boys, I guess?
Emphasis on anyone else
Emphasis on ***ANYONE ELSE***. Should've not tried to clear the air and rolled with the it was a joke from the start. (Which he is now doing.)
Myles Garret is a liar.
This is like an innocent civilian saying their fine with recieving the death penalty 
Of course he wouldn't mind to get payed millions to play for Cleveland. Would he prefer to play for any other team in the league? Probably.
Hey myles, do the pats a favor and smoke a shit ton of weed so you can fall to 32
[deleted]
[deleted]
Nope Garrett doesn't want to play for the Browns. Clear as day. I mean honestly if the Browns want to start getting guys to play for them the should maybe just win some games. Like it's not difficult to do so. Just look at the Patriots they win games all the time. It isn't hard.
[deleted]
i'll ... play for the Browns, or ... else
Yeah, but why pass up another opportunity to dump on the Browns?  
Indeed, he doesn't strike as a guy that tanks on purpose. He will be great wherever he ends up.
I wanted to make an early LeBron James (pre-Decision) comparison, but then I realized that I have no idea how much of rookie LeBron's ending up a Cavalier was of his own accord.
Shit. I'd play for any of the 32 for $1M. 
If he falls to 3 and has to live in Chicago, he will.
*blink blink*Double not in danger then. Have a good day!
We slapped a filter on for Garrett last night as his story had 20+ reposts and didn't remove it this morning for updates. Our bad. 
Offense wasn't really in shambles. QB getting hurt every other game was tough to overcome but the offense wasn't that bad 
Not having an offence never stopped Houston.
I hate nothing more in the world than the steelers and to a lesser extent the ravens. If one of them drafted me, I would flip in the Browns real fucking quick. 
Might be being a little pessimistic but I don't think it'll be quite good yetdefinitely better though.
You're only like... the third or fourth person to make this joke.
Spelig iz bawd
He could kill a hooker on a PCP fueled rampage while livestreaming the whole thing, and still get drafted before 32.
So funny you had to post it twice.

Just get the 199th pick and draft a skinny, unathletic QB with a penchant for showing up in important moments. You'll have a dynasty in no time.
How are you suppose to win games though if no one wants to play for you? 
I don't think you understand the type of person Myles Garrett is. 
[deleted]
thanks for the insight donald
Yeah you have no leverage to keep him, so you should just trade him to us. We can swap firsts this and next year.
Dude, not trying to be a dick, but unless the player is a Browns fan, they would tell you that the Browns are probably last team they'd want to play for (if they were being completely honest).
Didn't phase me personally lol
Win more games and he would've mentioned SF instead. You have the #1 pick and he believes he's a #1 overall type talent. That's all it was. 
Also LeBron is maybe the best player of all time, while Garrett most likely won't be. But I see where you're coming from.
I'll do it for a quarter of that. 
No chance in hell he falls to third.But if he did, I *guess* we'd draft him.
Chicago, literally East St. Louis
He will rejoice cause we are the greatest city on earth!
That one Dallas trade for 1st pick story? Oh I understand now.
Dear Diary,Today, the mods weren't nazis.
It's the off season, people gotta karma farm while the fields are ripe for the repostin'. It's so easy to collect the low hanging upvotes. But don't let my anecdotes about the old days, distract you from the fact the Falcons blew a 25 point lead in the Super Bowl. 
I think you guys have to at least give Kessler a chance. His stats this year were pretty good.
Seriously you have an uncanny ability to get your Qb's injured.  Dyou think this is your o-line shitting the bed or is it something else?
yeah and Kessler looked serviceable (great for a rookie) when he was in. 
Don't forget to hire the greatest coach of all time.
No one wanted to play for the Steelers when mean Joe Greene came around. They sucked & turned that around in 4 super bowls.
I'm on campus right now and I haven't heard anyone say anything of the sort
Gonna need some sources on that claim.
I was talking about the people who are blowing this whole story way out of proportion.
> win more gamesI didn't realize it was so simple. Why haven't the Browns considered this????
Yeah, I was just remarking that this reminded me that maybe LeBron's everything for Cleveland image, even before the Decision, may not have been that way at the beginning of his career.
Id do it for 1/100th thats almost a years pay for me.
What the hell exactly is a St Louis?
Absolutely agree. If he can take a good sophomore step I think he has a real chance to be a top 15 QB in the league 
He has a noticeably weak arm. He makes up for it in smarts and has guts, his very first NFL drive was a calamitous debacle, yet he scraped himself off the field to play well, he's accurate in short range too. He just doesn't have much of an arm and once defenses caught on he didn't have an answer. In the game he was benched, I suspect Huge Action was trying to get him to take more shots down field and Cody wasn't, so Huge Action pulled him to send a message. I do like Cody though, maybe he proves me wrong and at least he's a solid back up/placeholder, plus he seems like a good dude. I just don't think he's ever gonna take us to the promised land.
Part of it are players that are injury prone like McCown and RG3
Not the OLine. We took the most QB induced sacks this season. Just rookie play mixed with fragile QBs and a little bit of Browns luck
As other's have stated, it's not the OL's fault. our QBs were all bottom 10 (out of 53) for holding the ball between the snap to the throw. 2 of them were bottom 5.
If only the Browns had a shot at Belichick. 
They *did* have Paul Brown and we know how that went.
And let's not forget videotaping playbooks. 
What'd the comment say? He deleted it
I'd love to throw more stones at the Browns, but something about people in glass houses. 
Why is /u/alwaysmediumrare being downvoted? All he's saying is *if* you had won more games and didn't have the #1 pick then Garrett would be mentioning whomever did because he's the projected #1 pick.Plus that dude knows how to eat a steak. 
I mean people keep making fun of win more games but its really not THAT hard. Every other NFL team consitently outperforms The Browns. They constantly make dumb decissions and shoot themselves in the foot. I mean just in recent history they draft Manziel in the 1st round with absolutely noone worth a shit at QB and they basically come out and insult him and say there is no way he is starting over their tier 9 qbs. Yeah,  great way to take a kid everyone knew needed to grow up and completely smash his confidence to do what he had to do to make it in the NFL. To top it off they put immense preassure on him saying his starting job is a week to week scenario, if you think that kind of atmosphere is great for moulding players and creating a sense of pride you're dense. Then they show almost no sense of wanting to help these players out, why did Dez not end up like Josh Gordon? The Cowboys helped him succeed and put all the pieces around him throughout the organization past and present to make sure he had a pillar of support and help him keep his focus on the game. Now you get a guy like Jamie Collins and grossly overpay for someone who probably isn't worth his cap hit in terms of affecting the outcome of games by himself. Smart move after smart move, The Browns best QB is playing WR right now and he's a tier 4 qb at best. As a Charger fan, with horribly incompetent ownership, I laugh at The Browns and hope we never get an owner that ruins our organization with the inemptitude of The Browns ownership and FO.
Wow you're poor
Not LA
I don't know if the body of work is there yet to say whether or not he could take that much of a step, but what he's shown is that he's promising, young and talented and the Browns should give him the shot he deserves. 
*looks at username*So you're telling me he *will* take us to the promised land? :'D
true
shit that's a unfortunate.  Dyou feel like it that made you all look worse than you really are?  Or would you say you're judged fairly
I get amused when people try to argue that he was bad with the browns.  Guy improved that team every year.  He doesn't need Brady to win.
But that team is now in Baltimore.
If only the Browns had KEPT Belichick 
Again....#Fuck Art Modell.
Videotaping playbooks?
I thought they deflated practice walk throughs
Go tuck yourself
Average Raiders fan
That people on campus asked him where he wanted to go and he said anywhere but the Browns, something like that
>Then they show almost no sense of wanting to help these players out, why did Dez not end up like Josh Gordon?Don't talk about Josh Gordon like he is the Browns' fault. That's fucking reaching. The Browns tried to help him. Nobody could help Josh Gordon but himself. He's been given chance after chance and has had so many opportunities to get better.>Now you get a guy like Jamie Collins and grossly overpay...You didn't just fucking say that. Look at his contract. How do you see that contract as an overpay? And the Browns have $100,000,000+ in cap space. AKA: A lot of fucking money. The Browns lacked talent which made them lose games. Now they had the opportunity to keep a good free agent that adds talent and now that's a bad decision? There is nothing you can say about that to convince most people that what you said was stupid.>The Browns best QB is playing WR right now.No. Our best WR is playing WR right now. He cannot play QB. RG3 and Kessler are both better than Pryor. The Browns FO are in search of a QB right now so there is no reason to fault them for Pryor playing THE POSITION HE WANTS TO PLAY.If you are going to criticize the current Browns FO you better get it right. Most of your criticisms shouldn't be criticisms.
By definition yes I am lol. Well below the poverty threshold. That said quitting a job I made 50k a year at was the best decision of my life and I would do it all over again.
Wow you're a dick
Aww man I wish I had that power, lol. We'd have been a dynasty under Charlie Frye's reign!
I remember seeing somewhere that the Browns had rookies play ~7000 snaps and the next highest team was at ~3500 snaps. We had a crazy young team and early in the year there were games that could have easily gone our way. I know it's said a lot but I really like where we are headed 
People should watch the A Football Life: Cleveland '95. It's unreal the amount of talent he pooled around him and how many of his coaching staff went on to succeed. Even some of his go-fers are GM's now. It's obvious that Belichick was pissed when they moved the team too.
Belichick went 6-10, 7-9,7-9,11-5 (he won a playoff game against the patriots that year), and 5-11. And in their last 5 games before the announcement, they were 1-4 with a -53 point differential.I think he is the greatest coach ever and doesn't need Brady to win but his time with the Browns wasn't that great.
>I get amused when people try to argue that he was bad with the browns.  Guy improved that team every year.  He doesn't need Brady to win. Actually, FiveThirtyEight just looked into that sentiment exactly, and the numbers aren't really in your favor.. [Here's the link](https://fivethirtyeight.com/features/brady-vs-belichick-whos-to-blame-for-the-patriots-insufferable-success/) 
Fuck Art Modell
Imagine what would have happened if any one team were able to claim, Belichick, Saban, Newsome, Schwartz, Dimitrov, and Pioli all at the same time.
The gate crowd can't even get their fucking gates right anymore, they're really grasping for straws after the most recent Superbowl win and are in 100% cope mode trying to find a way to negate this one
Yup I also haven't heard any of that lame noise.
Yeah honestly it was a joke but the other guy took it too seriously. Really though money isn't everything 
Well no if he makes $10,000 per year he's poor 
I would agree.  Young talent tons of cap space.  
Just off the top of my head, he had the best coach in college football history, one of the top DCs in the NFL right now, and one of the best GMs for a long time who's drafting led the Ravens to a superbowl. Plus the GM of the team they just beat in the superbowl last week. And people say Belichick disciples never pan out.
They barely touch on what he did with the Browns beyond the obvious that he's done better with Brady than he did with Cleverland.
Always and forever
Doesn't mean you have to be a dick about it.
DAE sleeper agent
He finished his tenure there by going 5-11 and getting fired before he could even be the coach of the Ravens. But yeah I agree, his HOF trajectory as the 36-44 coach of the Browns is definitely worth all of our time discussing instead of the statistics 
Here here.
You get offended for other people very easily 
I'm not offended for him. I replaced the poor in your comment with a dick in my comment. Then you were offended I called you a dick. Then from there it was a slippery slope that got us here. 
GM Doug Whaley reportedly intrigued by the possibility of starting a goat at QB.
The guy who threw the only INT Revis got all year? The guy that couldn't beat out EJ Manuel for the backup job?You know, I think you're onto something Doug. 
/r/The_Cardale is gonna shitpost Cardale to the starting spot! MBGA!
I completely support this idea and think they should go for it....No bias.
Bills GM Doug Whaley reportedly intrigued by possibility of losing his job. /s
lmao the cucks over at /r/EnoughCardaleSpam are brigading.
How much you wanna make a bet Cardale can throw a football over them mountains?
Keep doing what you are doing bills give Doug a 5 year extension while your at it.
Or: reporter drops names to continue to stir a non-controversy in February.
[Doug Whaley probably](http://i.imgur.com/g9hewqv.gifv)
Jesus titty fucking Christ...
hahahahahaahaha
Nice 
So Bills fans, who do you think you'll get to replace your GM?
Smoke and mirrors...
I wanted the Cowboys to draft this guy. If we didn't get Dak, I'd want Cardale of all the late round guys. Big arm, and seems to have matured.
Doug Whaley loves fucking with people.
You are now a mod at /r/The_Cardale.
Hey Cardale couldn't beat out Braxton or JT and he won a Natty after starting the year third string. Bills must be winning the superbowl next year!
What could go wrong?Don't mind me, I'll just be over here in the corner, laughing hysterically into this pillow.
na no sarcasm, hes trying to get out of buffalo lol
ITT: People who dont know about Whaleys mind games.
Lmfao I can't believe that's a sub along with r/T_C
bs, cardale is a fucking beast
Cardale Jones.
Who cares at this point
I said goat, not GOAT, damnit!!  How do I get out of this mess?
How have I only discovered this sub now, this is incredible
You have to make the playoffs to win the Super Bowl..
replace laughing with crying and you could be a bills fan
Too late, you love Cardale now.
MSM is going their hardest to suppress the truth, but that won't stop us from spreading our message!
There's an obvious joke about Super Bowls here, but I don't have the heart to make it.
well.. maybe just the tip...
You just got Cardicked
All of 2008. All of it.* Mariners become first team ever to lose 100 games and spend $100m* Huskies go winless for the first time in their 125 year history* Sonics get stolen by OKC's fuck head ownership* Seahawks, in easily the most successful team in town, win a grand total of 4 games.Anyone who says otherwise is just flat out wrong. Fuck 2008. Our WNBA team made the playoffs though.
ATL fans need not comment
The Move The Drive The Fumble The Return Red Right 88 
When the Browns 1.0 became the Ravens
1999 NFC Championship Game.Held the Greatest Show on Turf to 11 points and *still* lost....
The day Walter Payton died. 
Derrick Thomas' car crash. Every part of that tale is depressing 
It doesn't matter anymore. CHICAGO CUBS 2016 WORLD SERIES CHAMPIONS!!!
Boston: Aaron Boone / Buckner / Tyree
In my lifetime the Gary Anderson kick against ATL in 1998. 2nd would be the Favre throw across the body for the game sealing interception against the Saints in the 2009 NFC Championship. 
Tie between:- 49ers losing first Super Bowl in franchise history- Warriors blowing 3-1
Wide rightMusic City MiracleNo goal
2001 WS, Miracle at the Meadowlands, the Knicks past 15 years.
2005 superbowl
The midnight move.
Getting beat by Tebow was really fun 
0 - 16
One Yard Short, McNair and Bironas dying 
When plan with hole hockey team (Lokomotiv) crashed in 2011. I am from Yaroslavl, Russia. 
Hornets leaving CharlotteKasay kicks it out of boundsVon Miller strip sack
Trying to think of something more heartbreaking than Sean Taylor...drawing a blank.
See flair.
Vladimir Konstantinov's career ending limo crash after winning the 1997 Stanley Cup.
Toronto: 2013 Leafs-Bruins Game 7 :/
For Boston imo:NFL: Helmet CatchMLB: Buckner in 1986 WSNBA: 2010 NBA FinalsNHL: 2013 Stanley Cup Finals
3-1. Even if you'd still take the 95-96 Bulls as the best team ever, there's no denying the Dubs would have been right there in the conversation.But alas.
Lol when KD left. And thats on a level that the whole state of Oklahoma felt.Funny Thunder plays the Warriors today.
I think everyone would agree that I'm not just talking out of recency bias.
Oilers : The Comeback, Bud destroying the team after that then moving.Astros - Not the world series that was a sweep - it's losing the 1986 NLCS to the Mets in 16th inning.Texans - I'd say this past Patrioits playoff game.  If they'd had any offense they could have won.   Maybe Rosencopter game or losing to the Jags on a hail mary.Rockets - Also 1986 - losing to the Celtics
Super Bowl 50. First time it felt that the Carolinas had put the Panthers before everything else.
1996 or Darrent Williams. One in a sports context and one in a real life context. 
When Dean Spanos told us to fuck ourselves and moved to LA 
boston, 2010c's lose heartbreaker game 7 to the fuckin lakersfierce pats team get bounced in the divisional by the fuckin jetsbruins drop a three game lead to the fuckin flyers in the ec semi'ssox finish third in al east with a too talented line up. a year away from the bobby valentine massacre.
Last year, or the year before that, or the year before that, or the year before that, or 2003, or the Reds blowing a 2-0 lead coming home, or Kenyon Martin breaking his leg. Man do we have a lot to choose from. Probably last year though.
Utah Jazz with prime Stockton and Malone go to the finals 2 years in a row, and run into prime Jordan and the Bulls both times.
3-1 2016 NBA finals
Dallas' worst moment in recent memory is probably the 2014 catch game. Many had Dallas pegged to at least represent the NFC in the Super Bowl if not win it. The worst moment in team history is probably The NFC championship game against the 49ers where Montana hit Clark for a touchdown, also known as the 'catch'  game 
STL: On-Field: Pats beating Rams or Cards vs Royals Game 6 in 1985.Off-Field: Rams move to Los Angeles
Hello
Sean Taylor passing away has to be one of the biggest heartbreaking moments in D.C. history.
For heartbreaking moments that actually took place in a home game, I have to say Kyle Williams two special teams fumbles which directly led to a Giants td to force overtime, and a game winning field goal in overtime.  Just absolutely brutal that of all the injuries, it was Ted Ginn's concussion that brought the downfall of our number one ranked special teams unit and prevented a Super Bowl birth.
The Santonio Holmes catch.The Artest put back buzzer beater would be a runner up for me.
Patriots:  2006 AFCCG. Hands down. Losing to your rival on the biggest stage possible sucks.Philadelphia: Either 93 WS, 2004 Eastern Conference Final, or Patty Kane, a guy we missed out in the lottery by *1* pick, scoring the game-winner in 2010. Fuck Kane, Fuck Carter, fuck Leighton.
Flyers: Pelle Lindbergh getting wasted (.24 % BAC) and killing himself in a car crash.Eagles: Jerome Brown driving dangerously and killing himself and a young family member in a car crash.  
Joe Carter
2011 World Series...Rangers vs Cardinals Game 6. We were 1 strike away from a WS....TWICE!!!! TWICE!!!!
I think people who are older than me and been around Houston a lot longer will probably say the Oilers choking against the Bills or moving to Tennessee.Personally, I think losing the Astros getting swept in the 2005 World Series was the most heartbreaking moment. I remember high school being in a complete buzz over making the World Series, and it was just back to normal after they lost. 
Im gonna go with a new one here, I'm mexican so in my own city, the most heartbreaking moment was when the Indios de Ciudad Juarez got relegated. It was a soccer's division 1 team but they got relegated. Backstory: IIRC there was a team in soccer division 1 in Juarez but they got relegated too and dissappeared in 2005, they got replaced by the Indios. Then the Indios play well, move forward to division 1 then they get relegated. And we are still waiting for another pro team in my whole state.
When the saints didn't sign sproles backEdit: Jenkins and Porter too. 2 different sides of the ball, obviously, but all 3 are still playing at a high caliber, imho.
For NYC playoff meltdowns are an easy choice amongst certain teams (Yankees, Rangers, Knicks), but I think the Knicks over the past 15 years or so has to hurt the city the most. 
John Kasay kick out of boundsThe bobcats Von Miller 
18-1Buckner/Boone
There are so many things.  The Drive, the Fumble, Red Right 88, Mesa's collapse, LeBron's losses and then leaving, and every terrible Browns season since the return, but nothing ever will match the pain of the Browns leaving, and how Fuck Modell betrayed us all.
When Navorro Bowman snapped his leg off while recovering a fumble, and then we DIDNT EVEN GET THE BALLEdit:sorry I'm new but this is 49ers
Vikings fan, 1998 missed field goal that would have put NFC title away, and 2009 when Fabre threw that last minute interception in the NFC title game.
I'm from Nashville so these are my choices. NFL: One yard short,  Ray Lewis taking the ball right out Eddie's hands all the way to the Super Bowl,  and Steve's deathNHL: The Predators best team was in Phoenix for the playoffs vs the Coyotes and two of our best players get suspended because they decided to go clubbing all night the day of a playoff game. I still say if we beat Phoenix that year we win the Cup.Cfb: I'm a Vandy fan pick a game in between 1990 and pre James Franklin era Vanderbilt. 
Ignore the flair, I'm from Atlanta. Gotta be the Super Bowl. Braves winning 14 straight division titles and only one ring is a heartbreaker but at least we got our only championship out of it. Also losing a hockey team twice but no one cares about that down here.
Top Three are:-Aaron Boone/Grady Little game 2003-18-1 Season. Or like my friend who's a giant's fan likes to refer to it as 19 and ooooooooohhhh nooooooo (fuck you Kevin)-Buckner game.One thats often overlooked is the massive collapse the sox had in 2011 having a 7-20 record in the final month of the season. Sox were up 9 games in September and managed to blow it. We also had the whole chicken and beer incident, which resulted in endless mockery and also had  the ever beloved quote by Adrian Gonzalez: It wasn't in god's plan. The Sox were even bounced from the playoffs on the last day of the regular season in just the most Boston way possible with the Rays coming back after being down 7-0 to the yankees and the Sox blowing a 2 run lead in the ninth. We had been competing with the Rays for the wild card spot and the Rays needed to win and have the Sox lose to take the wild card.Both of those things happened. I remember after that game going on Facebook to vent my frustration with the team when I saw the perfect quote to encapsulate that season: Sox i don't know where you've been for the past seven years, but welcome back. This probably wasn't the most heartbroken I've felt towards a team but it's been the most pissed off I've been at my team because there was no one to blame for the massive collapse but the sox.
When Steve McNair died. It was a gut punch. And Rob Bironas too. 
18-1 :/
Only one? Can't do it...
Boston Marathon Bombing is probably cheating right?... I'm a bad manEdit: Despite flair I'm in New England, and a marathon runner
2016 was pretty fuckin shitty for San Jose/Bay Area. Warriors lose 3-1 lead, A's lose 90 games, The Sharks lose the SCF, Raiders look good for the first time in 15 years and Derek Carr gets injured.
Never forget Rocktober.Fuck Boston.
The death of Jose Fernandez hit Miami pretty hard if you're looking for just one moment.  1-15 for the Dolphins under Cam fucking Cameron was a bad year but not really one moment.  (Maybe starting Cleo Lemon counts as a moment).But if we're going for long term I'm going with 99% of Jeffrey Loria's ownership of the Marlins.  One championship is the sole bright spot in an ownership spell that has soured the entire city on baseball and will cost taxpayers hundreds of millions of dollars for the next few decades.This week Dan Le Batard said that the devil himself could take over the Marlins with Donald Sterling and Art Briles in the front office, and it would be an upgrade, I'm inclined to agree
Probably when the Supersonics left. Then passing at the goal line.Having that Roethlisberger TD reviewed in sb40 and not coming back Followed closely by the death of Tuba Man, which I have tied with the 116 win Mariners tanking in the playoffs.Until 
Hi
Tyree catch by some distance 
JOEY PORTER
NYC: Pick one. 
San Antonio Spurs: The devastating way we lost against the Heat in the Finals. Absolutely destroying them the next year was sweet revenge but there will always be the sting from being so close to winning the Championship in Game 6. It's our only major sports team so we don't have too many devastating sports moments compared to other cities.
Last years NCAA championnship. Chapel Hill wept for Marcus Paige. :(
1992 NLCS Game 7    Super Bowls XXX and XLV    1993 Eastern Conference Semi FinalsDeath of Roberto Clemente probably trumps all of them, however. 
Wide Right and the Music City Miracle. But mostly  Wide Right 
:(
Each and every year.
Um...

Losing to the Steelers the way we did last year hurt as much as Palmer going down in '05. 
Santonio Holmes' god damn toes
The day the Sonics left.  Fuck you Starbucks.
When the Hartford Whalers left. It's been 20 years since then, and yet we still sell their swag in the airport.
That string of NFCC games where we went four straight times and only won once. 
LA Chargers
Well last year losing the team hurt...a lot. 
2014 NFC Championship Game
Re-location after 56 seasons.
I live in TorontoRecently it would have to be the neckbeard in KC causing fan interfence leading to the Moustakas HR counting during the ALCSOr the Leafs being the Leafs against Boston a few years ago in the playoffs.
For me, the 2009 NFCCG was the worst on the field moment. 
I don't do the Warriors so imma go with the Steve Young injury
Cubs from 1908 until last year. Now we good
For me personally it was Bartman until last year,  once I knew that that wasn't the only NLCS in my lifetime that loss hurt a lot less. Now it's the 2010 NFCCG. The one game Hercules was mortal for and Cutty blew out his knee giving away to Todd Collins ( Who threw a pick six to BJ Raji) and Caleb Hanie (whose most famous play is spiking the ball after a 5-step drop under :10 left to ice an L to the Raiders)
Hornets to New OrleansEverything involving the Bobcats
Idk probably Sid Bream
When Kyle Williams muffed punt return to lose the NFC championship. As a younger fan, this stings the most. 
I live in Orange County California even though I root for the Giants/49ers because of family ties sooo:Ducks:* They lost 4 Game 7's on home ice in 4 consecutive years.  Losing against the Kings with that being Teemu's last game sucked dick, but game 7 against the Blackhawks was fucking shittyAngels:* 2009 ALCS
2002 World Series
Something with the Mets.
Pats: Tyree. Doesn't even come close for me.Lions: Barry Sanders retiring.Red Sox: September 2011, 2003 ALCSBruins: Flyers series
[14-59 at home](http://www.footballdb.com/games/boxscore.html?gid=2010102411)
Thurman Munson's plane crash
On the field: Peyton Manning's interception in Super Bowl XLIVOff the field: Peyton Manning being released in 2012. Everyone knew it was coming after we got the first pick and had the opportunity to draft Andrew, but seeing how emotional everyone got at his press conference was rough. It ended up working out for everyone, but man it was not fun at the time
Either the dez catch or losing to the number 8 seed warriors in the playoffs
Most Cleveland posts will be about the drive/fumble/1997 world series but I was born in the 90s so those don't effect me as muchFor me its Lebron leaving and the colts deciding to start Jim Sorgi last game of the season in 2007
Miracle in Motown
Tyree. I hate Tyree. 
[Sigh](http://www.nfl.com/videos/new-york-giants/0ap2000000146973/Super-Bowl-XLII-David-Tyree-s-helmet-catch)
July 4th, 2016.
WSU got their only win in the Apple Cup after double overtime
Yeah but.. it's the WNBA
Didn't some locally famous saxophone dude get murdered outside a mariners game that year too?
Oh man, I forgot how bad that year was. :(
> Seahawks, in easily the most successful team in town, win a grand total of 4 games.To add insult to injury, [r/nfl was literally built on blind optimism that the 2008 Seahawks would win 10 games](https://web.archive.org/web/20090425061638/http://www.reddit.com/r/nfl).
Like the opposite of 76, we get the seahawks, sonics win the final, and UPS wins D2 basketball 
I was ready for my heart to be broken when I started reading your comment, but then you reminded me of UW'S winless season, so that cheered me up.
Would you rather have $50 or have your cities WNBA team win a champion ship?
But hey, we got the Sounders that year! not ALL bad
Ugh, I had season tickets in the student section for UW football that year too. Stayed til the final whistle each game though, even when it felt like I was the only one left there.
If it makes you feel any better Detroit had a rough 2008 as well. 4 wins sounds amazing.
I moved to Seattle in 2009. Guess I was a good luck charm. Btw I moved to Atlanta at year 
We had an amazing 2008 too
Kyle Korver being traded?
2012Falcons lose the NFC championship with Tony g.Georgia bulldogs lose the national championship to Alabama.Chipper Jones retired from the braves.
I know people want Falcons fans to say the SB, but really for Atlantans it was the moment we woke up the next morning and realized everyone would forget what a special season we had and go back to the same old tired narratives about the team and Atlanta sports in general.  Not to mention, hardly anyone will remember that Julio catch, which otherwise might have been one of the best SB catches all time.
Cause we are too busy being dead from choking on our liquor 
I'm sure they still remember the Thrashers.
Well maybe the hawks will get the 3 peat of getting swept by the Cavs again in the playoffs.
What about Kent Hrbek not pulling your dude off the bag
Since he's including other sports we could include the 2016 World Series, or The Shot.
> Red Right 88Given how much your kicker sucked that day (unusually hard) it kinda made sense. Receiver open? Touchdown. Receiver covered? Scramble and throw it away and we'll take our chances with a FG attempt.
:( Born and raised a Ravens fan after the move, but still sorry about taking your team. Thank God we didn't take the history.
Tbh it one of the better sports moments in Baltimore, the return of football has been revitalizing for the city culturally 
Don't worry buddy, it wasnt a big deal. Football in Cleveland was just paused. 
Not them winning a SB a couple years later?
Bert caught it
Yeah still have a burning hatred for the rams after that. 
I still remember the 3 still frame shots of the catch on the front of the Times the next morning. Shit sucked. 
That game was a turning point in my fandom. It wrecked me for a week. I determined I would never let a game get to me like that again.17 years later, a LOT of heartbreak...and I've kept my promise.
Oh that got me... I had a whole list of Cubs games in my head, but you win. 
On that day they say, the City of Chicago came to an abrupt and sudden halt.  The silence of a city that large was deafening.Across the state of Illinois, as the news traveled, men stopped working and faced toward the north and east, toward Chicago and Soldier Field.  In Moline, an entire John Deere combine factory came to a grinding standstill.  In Peoria, Caterpillar shuddered to a halt.  In Sterling, a 700-ton steel furnace and rolling line screeched its brake.  And in every corner of the state, we put down our tools, stood up from our desks, opened our hearts, and mourned.On that day they say, the world became a little less sweet...On that Sunday, there was a game against the hated, rival Green Bay Packers at Lambeau.  And the Bears defended well and chased Favre.  And we gained the lead, 14-13 when Chris Boneknob Boniol missed a FG with a few minutes left in the 4th quarter.  The same feeling of losing to the Packers again was starting to come over every Bears fan.  I was with my Dad listening on the radio while on a small drive through the Northwestern Illinois-Southwestern Wisconsin countryside.  We didn't want to watch another Bears loss.  But as Favre did what he did best, he led the Packers down the field and into FG Range as he did many times.  The sun disappeared behind the clouds and the clouds began to darken.  My old man let out a sigh.  The radio team sounded defeated: Well, if Ryan Longwell makes this kick, the Packers will win for an 11th straight time against the Bears.  I wanted to turn off the radio.On that day they say, ***the last earthen miracle of our Sweetness was given through the body of one Bryan Robinson.***Snap is good, ball down, Longwell's kick i-BLOCKED! BLOCKED! BLOCKED! BLOCKED! BLOCKED! BLOCKED! BLOCKED!!!!  THE BEARS HAVE WON!!!The old man and I didn't know what had happened, but in that instant, I knew that three grown men were in a cramped radio booth in Green Bay jumping up and down.  I turned to the old man and he said it: Walter won this game.  Within seconds, the sun broke out from the clouds and shone down on the car in a beam of light.  The Packers, Brett Favre, and every annoying Packer Fanwagoner I knew were sullied in defeat.  In that moment, all of the world's wars and skirmishes ceased.  In that moment, the world's ills were cured.  In that moment, the economy was surging ahead.  In that moment, the government was working properly.  ***In that moment, all was right with the world.***
Shit I was thinking about like in game stuff but this takes the cake. I was only 8 and I remember when my mom came and told me he had died. He was my favorite player and I wore his jersey everywhere. Still have that jersey that my grandma made into a pillow when I outgrew it when I was like 10. Probably my favorite pieces of Chiefs gear/memorabilia I own now.
[His family sued General Motors for the roof of his Chevy Suburban caving in after he was going 100mph in snowy conditions??](http://www.espn.com/nfl/news/story?id=1861276) Damn, talk about trying to shift blame.
And Belcher murder suicide in the parking lot with coaches there trying to talk him out of it. 
 Bears really need to get with the 2010s Chicago sports renaissance. 
Amen to that!!!
108 years of torture, gone in one night. It was beautiful. 
Preach
I disagree somewhat strongly with the framing on the first point.Game 7 of the 2003 ALCS is indeed the most, or tied for the most, agonizing moment in Boston sports history but it wasn't Aaron Boone. I and most of the Red Sox fans I knew could give a fuck about Aaron Boone. Much like this year's Super Bowl, when that game went to extra innings you already knew, down in your gut, which side was going to win.It was Grady Little leaving Pedro in when he was pitching on short rest, when everyone in the stadium could see he was gassed, and when we had an *excellent* bullpen with two very good righties in Mike Timlin and Scott Williamson and a very good lefty in Allen Embree. Timlin in the 8th, Williamson in the 9th, it was that fucking easy. Pedro shouldn't have gone out for the 8th and he *damn* well should have been pulled after allowing the first base runner.That's not the Aaron Boone game. I could give a flying fuck about Aaron Boone. It's the Grady Little game.
Len Bias's death also
Aaron Boone* but yeah, tough to pick a single moment outside of football
2010 NBA finals game 7
I was thinking 2013 Boston Marathon
Don't forget the Bruins blew a 3-0 series lead against the Flyers in the playoffs in 2010.  
'03 ALCS was definitely worse, but the burn was over completely after the next year. '07 Super Bowl has gotten easier to deal with, but will always linger.[Pain graph](http://i.imgur.com/Kzg2lsL.jpg)
Yep. For me Boone is above anything by a mile. When tyree caught the ball the pats had won three and sox had won two. When Boone hit the homer it looked like the pats were a flash in the pan and the sox hadn't yet won.  Boones homer came the first day I came home from my deployment. I almost quit baseball entirely. Meh 
No Bucky Bleeping Dent?
They were both heartbreaking but 98 hurts so much more for me. My Grandpa was a Broncos fan (he relocated to Denver and fell in love with the city and team) and the rest of my family is die-hard Vikings. We were so pumped we each had a chance at the Super Bowl. Both squads looked like super teams. Watching the Vikings lose that day is something I will never forget. Not only did we not make the Super Bowl but it ruined what would have been a big family event for us.
> Favre throw across the body for the game sealing interception against the Saints in the 2009 NFC Championship.And Packer fans can't even really gloat about this, because it's so close to what he did [here](http://www.pro-football-reference.com/boxscores/200401110phi.htm) and [here](http://www.pro-football-reference.com/boxscores/200801200gnb.htm). All we can do is shake our head and say, he did it *again*.
> Warriors blowing 3-1Walking around Oakland that day was depressing. What I would imagine the town would look like if Oakland natives Tom Hanks, Bill Russell, and Too $hort died in the same plane crash.
Nailed it. Giants loss in '02 was pretty shitty too
The whole world is suffering from warriors blowing a 3-1 lead with the mind numbing comments that start every sports related social media post 
Sharks blowing a 3-0 series lead to the Kings in the 2014 playoffs is up there for me.
I was afraid of recency bias, but 3-1 was my first thought too. Although I personally thought the NFCCG lost the next year was even more heartbreaking since it was to our hated rivals and marked the beginning of our downfall.
But you died for Cleveland's sins. That night, the city was absolutely *electric.* I've never seen Cleveland be happy for anything but man it was beautiful. 
I guess I'm showing my age but losing our chance at a threepeat when the Giants broke Joe Montana hurt me way worse.For non-NFL sports, it would be Kings-Lakers 2002. Yeah, the Kings screwed themselves in game 7 but there wouldn't have been a fucking game 7 if the refs were even remotely fair in game 6. That series is tied with the first Mavs-Heat finals for most blatantly corrupt officiating. 
these are so weird to me still. like there's so much upside to them. losing Harbaugh hurt more than losing 2 NFCCGs and 1 SB with him. and Warriors blew 3-1 but they won it the year before and had a ridiculous regular season, and came back against OKC down 1-3 doing so. Also either losing to OKC or winning against the Cavs would probably hurt the chances of landing KD, but who knows maybe it would've happened either way since it genuinely seems now like he just wanted to play for this team at this stage of his career. anyway, for me it was the A's recent playoff runs ending. losing to KC in extra innings in the Wild Card sucked so badly, because it was a year it felt like the A's finally went all in on trade deadline signings. and also failing to take out Verlander's Tigers to have a chance at making a Bay Area World Series again the other year is just so much lost potential, and also the damn Giants won again. 
Losing to the Steelers backups in a Week 17 win and you're in game.
I feel like this thread was made for us...ugh
The 2006 ECF
87 upvotes for the most tortured sports city in America.  We really are forgotten and then overshadowed by NYC.   I'm so fucking bitter because of our teams.
4 Super Bowl losses  Staley Swindle  Aaron Maybin
IDK, losing to the Redskins the way they did made my little ass cry like crazy when I was a kid. I just refused to give up, so it was 3 hours of torture for me. That said, your answer is correct. 
See also: OJ getting charged with murder
I refuse to use that term.  It was a forward pass.
Alternatively the Bills led to the most painful loss in Houston sports history. THE comeback. It's even painful now just looking at the game recap. It also lead to Bud Adams to relocate the team which left a huge gap in what is clearly a football loving city.
2004 ALCS?
I'd throw in the 2011-12 Rangers meltdown in the Eastern Conference Finals. That team should have won the Cup and that series loss stung more than the Stanley Cup Finals loss to the Kings.
Honest question: if you're talking about the Mike Vick/DeSean Jackson game, is that really remembered as one of the G-Men's worst losses ever? It always seemed like just a (magical) win that us Eagles fans clung onto in order to combat the no rings argument, lol.
or NFCC against the BucsClosing the vet, beaten by the Bucs who we beat earlier in the year, and missing out on a super bowl opponent who we probably would have beaten
Reggie White announcing Jerome Brown's death./thread
The only answer.However, I think if you want to talk about something that anyone under 30 actually went through, you're looking at a couple different options:2006 playoffs with McNair (that was a killer team that choked in the postseason)The Cundiff game (in retrospect the blow was softened by 2012)the 2014 ALCS (WE WERE THE CINDERELLA STORY THAT YEAR GOD DAMMIT! FUCKING ROYALS!)and maybe even throw [this game](http://www.baseball-reference.com/boxes/BAL/BAL200708221.shtml) into the mix, just for the sheer record-breaking absurdity of itEDIT: Oh fuck how do I forget about fucking Jeffrey Maier. 
When the Mayflower comes calling.......
That's not even close to being the most heartbreaking moment in Pittsburgh history. It wasn't even heartbreaking, it was just the Steelers playing down to  an opponent like they do all the time
Tough to see how someone from Pittsburgh could find that more heartbreaking than the death of Clemente
1992 NLCS was worse. Dad had gotten us tickets to Games 1 and 2 of the World Series... in Three Rivers Stadium. Everyone knew Bonds was leaving so it was the last chance.
I'd argue the the limo crash was worse. 
I'm surprised that a Detroit fan would say that. A bad team being historically bad wasn't really a sad moment when we all joke about them being bad anyway.
What about Rasheed Wallace leaving Robert Horry open at the end of game 5 in the 05 finals?
holy shit I had no idea Rob Bironas died drunk driving
Growing up in U.K. And being an eagles fan for family reason for some reason really  liked McNair, was crushed when he died 
Thats horrible I cant even imagine that.
Still makes you sit there and think what could have been.  
Not from my state, but something similar happened last year in my country:A plane with all the players, all the HC and owners of a team crashed.They are a brand new team, not much money, but they were playing good, they were in the final of a continental cup. When flying for the first game the plane crashed and killed almost everybody, 6 people survived.More about it here: https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/LaMia_Flight_2933
Vinatieri hitting the last second FG in 2003 SB felt more heartbreaking than last year i think. We didn't seem like we were ever clicking against Denver.
Which one??
Time to go watch SB 50 again thanks for the reminder!
I'd add Cam not even trying to fall on the ball as well
I'm not even a Redskins fan at all, and this is the saddest moment for me in all of sports.  24 years old, shot in the femoral artery while defending his family from a fucking thug kid.  No young man should ever die defending their family, forget about his play, that alone is tragic to me.
Len Bias was pretty huge. Sean Taylor certainly was. 
Nothing compares to Sean Taylor, but the day Snyder bought the team and the playoff game where rg3 died against the Seahawks are both up there for me. 
Something a little less depressing but still kinda depressing, if Ovy never gets past the 2nd round and can't get a ring. That would be a huge loss for a huge talent.I, uhhh, have a similar situation
Kershaw falling apart in the 2013 and 2016 playoffs?
The best and the worst moment in Detroit sports in my lifetime both involved that man :( 
Wasn't it fun when the Leafs blew that 4-1 lead in Boston last week? 
Really wish there were more Leafs fan reaction videos [like this one](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u8GCH5qf9IY) for game 7 up on youtube.
Game 7 against the Kings in 93 was worse for me. Especially after the blown Gretzky high stick call against Gilmour in game 6. 
All of these are in the finals of their respective sports. God I hate Boston so much...
I miss Big 3 Rondo... 
17 seconds man. I was more invested in that 2013 Bruins team than any sports team in my life. Game 7 against TOR is the best sports game I've ever watched in my life, I still rewatch it on days when I'm feeling down.
The 2013 Finals were bad, but nothing was more of a gut punch than blowing a 3 game lead against fucking Philadelphia.
I think nba has to be Len Bias' OD
It's really hard to feel bad about KD leaving OKC.On the other hand, it's really easy to enjoy it.
lol
Oilers - 78+ 79 AFC championship losses to Steelers.  93 Chiefs game.  Rockets   1997 Western Conference Finals Stockton shot.   2014 Lillard Shot.  Astros   99 Game 3 NLDS Bases loaded no outs in 10th, fail to score. 
Every time someone mentions how bad Super Bowl 50 was I can't help but say, but man, that year sure was magical, wasn't it?
I was too young to experience that loss to the Jags, so it's Darrent for me. I still remember the disbelief I felt that morning after hearing the news. He was a special guy.
2007 Rockies. All the hype, entire nation behind them, arguably the best run in mlb history, promptly 4-0'd in the WS
Either than game or the Washington SB.  We were favored in both.  While not as big of a collapse, we were up 10-0 at halftime vs the Redskins.  The Jags loss just made the 97 run even sweeter.                          Then again the 55-10 SB game vs the 49ers is my first ever Bronco memory.  So Im not a fan of that game.                      The number of times Marshall got arrested after the DW shooting was heartbreaking to watch as a fan.  3 times(?) before the next season even started.  He spiraled pretty hard before getting help and turning it around.           
Bobby V was 2012 though? I remember 2011 was the September collapse (as of September 1st, the Sox had a 96% chance of the playoffs or something)
I have not seen the bengals win a playoff game in my lifetime. That reds series against the Giants was rough but the 2015 wild card was the worst I have ever seen. I was able to go to the game and the stadium was the most alive and excited I have ever seen it when AJ caught that touchdown and we took the lead. It was a nasty, rainy night and no one cared just big smiles and high fives. Taking the lead against easily the most hated rival and about to win a playoff game finally. Just to have all of our hearts torn out a few minutes later. Talk about an emotional roller coaster. 
Last year sucked real bag, but I think 2005 playoff game was worse. We knew we were without Dalton last year, but Palmer got taken out during the game. Though the heartbreak in both is pretty damn strong
Last year for sure. I remember after Tez's pick I ran and woke my mom up and told her the Bengals are gonna win a playoff game! I was jumping all around the house, I've never been more excited as a Bengals fan. And then...FUCK why did Andy have to get hurt. 
Cincy was a huge favorite in 2000 as well, devastating.
That's how all Cleveland felt when Lebron came back. Of course! We finally get a killer team and there's Golden State over there breaking all kinds of records.Sorry you never saw it fruition.
Fucking Flu game 
I mean that's if you're limiting it to football. In terms of all sports, nothing comes close to being one strike away from winning the WS twice in 2011
Absolutely not. Rangers losing the World Series back to back was infinitely more painful.Thank god for Dirk though
Is it me you're looking for?
There's only one thing that can hurt more than the Holmes catch or Artest buzzer beater.Pat Tillman's death.
lol how u guys gonna forget about the James Harrison 100 yard return for TDbig man rumbling down the *whole field* without being caught by our entire offensewithout that, we win the game. no questions asked.but the whole of Super Bowl XLIII is the answer, and I'm really surprised I had to scroll down this far to find it
Man if Artest doesn't catch that ball, then the Suns no doubt would have taken it in OT. And I couldn't imagine them losing to the Lakers in game 6 being one win away from the Finals.
Really? Losing an AFCCG is more heart breaking than losing the super bowl against a wild card team, ruining what would have been a perfect season?
Gotta disagree. 08 bowl hurt way worse than 2006 AFCCG and so did 2010 divisional. I mean, that helmet catch still drives me nuts. And the smug Giants being the reason why people say Joe Montana is more clutch than Tom Brady.  Followed by years of Pats can't win without cheating. And so much disappointment every time we didn't win knowing another year of hearing that.And then that first INT in 300 some passes in the first drive to the Jets and that defense basically flying around the line to hit a bunch of different gaps. You had like the right DE would blitz the left side of the line and the left DE blitz the right side of the line with a DT running around the globe and back through the other side of the stadium to sack Brady from behind in 2 seconds while the secondary just chilled back there with Revis not giving a shit about Hernandez or Gronkowski because he could just cover them fine back then. It was the fucking jets.The colts game was sad but I mean that was like Sanders pulling Peyton kicking and screaming to the super bowl, we could laugh and still call him a playoff choker. Not like he played phenomenal that game.
I'd gladly lose to the greatest home run in modern history. Just like I'm not upset about the Cubs beating us.Yeah, we lost, but the Cubs--the *Cubs*--got to win. I'd hope the nation would be similarly happy if the Browns ever won.
You're Mexican, Pats fan, and your username is Joe Namath? 
I mean, that's heartbreaking in a sentimental, but business necessary, way. Asking this question of us is like asking Japan what their worst war event was. 
Hipster Dolan Hater. I hated Dolan before it was cool to hate Dolan.Melo and KP deserve better than this.
Yeah, I think the whole Orioles organization from '98 to '11 might be a decent answer for Bmore.
>The bobcatsThe bob-whats? That name doesn't ring a bell. All I know are the hornets.
Fuck Radulov and fuck Kostityen.
Somehow I think the last 10 years makes up for all of that. 
You suffer for our sins.
That was a shame 
you're life is soo difficult, you only got the second best player in basketball, the other ones are bad, but you also got KD
1. Malice in the Palace2. Nick Harper's Wife3. Tayshaun Prince blocks Reggie4. Joey Porter
Was that the game where Ray Allen hit the corner 3? I still can't believe that happened
Roberto :(
> Or the Leafs being the Leafs against Boston a few years ago in the playoffs.I was watching that game with a Leafs fan.  I've never seen him as mad as he was the last three minutes.
Hanie threw the pick-six not Collins
May as well put Charlotte to New Orelans with the All-Star game being moved
IMO, 2009 wasn't so bad because the Yankees were clearly the better team.  I can think of a couple far more painful moments for Angels fans off the top of my head:  * Taking a 2-0 lead on the Brewers in the 1982 ALCS, then losing the next three in a row.  * Up 3-1 on the Red Sox in the 1986 ALCS, losing Game 5 on a last-minute HR by Dave Henderson, and subsequently the series.* Blowing a 15-game lead in the AL West to the Mariners in 1995. 
I don't live in Anaheim, but I'm a huge Angels fan. Nick Adenhart, Collapse to Brewers, collapse to Red Sox, collapse to Mariners in 1995.
NFL.com video: Super Bowl XLII: David Tyree's helmet catch [HD](http://a.video.nfl.com/films/s2012/nflcom/off/130301_dc_64_greatest_plays_of_all_time_david_tyree_catch_3200k.mp4) [SD](http://a.video.nfl.com/films/s2012/nflcom/off/130301_dc_64_greatest_plays_of_all_time_david_tyree_catch_500k.mp4)
>in your city'sPullman ain't Seattle.
Go cougs 
I said the Seahawks were easily the most successful team.
Would you rather your local WNBA team win the championship or find $5 on the ground?
Did you explain how the women's good fundamentals make up for their inability to dunk?
Tuba. And jesus, I forgot about that but yes. Fuck that year was difficult.
I'm pretty certain no city had a worse sports year. When the Browns moved, the Indians made the WS.
Sonics championship was 79 not 76
Give me a soda
50 bucks but I'd take a free soda as well.
Fuck man that brings back dark memories. Had to beg my dad to stay past the half each game. Go Dawgs.
Yeah... that's my second city.
Infield fly
The world around me is on fire. 
Chipper last game hurt more than the super bowl to me.
Georgia vs Bama wasn't the National Championship, it was the SEC championship.
The person I know hardest on Atlanta sports is my Atlanta sports fan friend. 
I think it may be Pats fans' responsibility to keep the memory of that catch alive.  Hell, when Bill Belichick was asked about the amazing plays in the game he mentioned Julio's catch before any of the Patriots'.
Same with Kearse catch too. 
They might remember it. People still remember that crazy seahawks catch that put them near the goal line even though they lost
Is... Is this where I make the choke joke? 
I tried to drown my problems in alcohol but the bastards learned to swim
2nd half of the bottle?
I still Believe in Blueland.*sobs*
Hrbek needs to buy a fucking vowel. 
1997 World Series was worse. We limped into the World Series this year without two of our top 3 pitchers and our best position player out the entire year. Everything in the playoffs was a bonus. 1997 was just pure heartache. We were winning in the bottom on the ninth with one out to go in game 7. Then Jose Mesa went full Jose Mesa.
Which one ? Young Jordan or Wizards Jordan ? 
The Decision
You do know the Browns were a pretty good team back before the merger right? 
Modell *did* try to take the Browns history with him. Cleveland had to sue to keep it. Thank God lawyers prevented Modell from carrying out that particular dick move.
And those purple lights on M&T Bank are so freaking cool. 
**THEY LITERALLY CHANGED THE GODDAMN RULE BECAUSE OF IT.**Ugh.
I'm not familiar with this can you explain? 
Naw but we got that sweet sweet vengeance thereafter. If I'm not mistaken, the Bucs never lost to the Warner Rams ever again after that (3-0).
It was one of the few times I can remember all of Chicago being united, it's just terrible that we were united by such a shockingly profound feeling of loss. 
What's your list of cubs games aside from the Bartman game and the subsequent Game 7
That is one of the most beautiful things I have ever read. 
[with anticlimactic commentary](https://youtu.be/QVjrcUDWbvs). Watch until the end if you need a good cry. 
Why is there so many onions around me all of a sudden? 
I was thinking about the playoff game we blew and I thought about DT.  After that there was no way I could complain about a single game
Well it sounds callous, but if you've got even a marginal claim against a big company like that, it's worth a shot because the pay out could be huge.
Man. The Chiefs are such a roller-coaster these last few years
I went to the game the day after that. Tickets were like 10 bucks for decent seats. We actually won our second and final game of the season. It was a such a weird experience, all the fanfare and fireworks and shit for such a shitty team on such a shitty day. The only reason it was worth going to was because it was an unseasonably warm day. I was too young to be impacted by DT's death, but the belcher incident was kind of the darkest moment before things got better in KC sports. The Chiefs and especially the Royals really turned it around after that year. 
Someone should tell the Bulls about this Renaissance
Well, the 2010s Chicago hockey and Cubs renaissance. 
Those owners had to die first.
I remember screaming at my TV saying Why the fuck are you leaving Pedro in he's gassed?!. After that I knew everything was going to go terribly wrong. 
That Timlin / Embree righty / lefty set-up option was legit.
We are legally required to refer to him by his full name - Grady Fuckin' Little.
Preach. Love me some stone face set up man Timlin.
>we had an excellent bullpen with two very good righties in Mike Timlin and Scott Williamson and a very good lefty in Allen Embree.Besides the obvious that Pedro was gassed, this makes Little's decision indefensible to me -- the bullpen was lights out in the playoffs.Timlin/Embree/Williamson combined for 24 1/3 innings, 8 hits, 5 walks, 26 Ks and only 1 run.I'll admit, the 2003 ALCS was the only time I cried about sports.  And I was 23 years old!
It made the next year all that much better though. But yes - I cried real tears in 2003.
A few years later, in '06, my family and I were in Cincinnati as part of a plan to see all the ballparks. Well the Dodgers were in town that day and it was batting practice. Grady was near the third base line and my dad happened to be wearing a WS champions hat. My dad yelled as loud as he could while pointing to his hat, HEY GRADY! REMEMBER THIS TEAM?! The look he gave us I swore he was gonna have us thrown out.
This is real shit right here. Despite being a Dolphins fan I am from Boston, I live here, and I root for all other Boston teams. I was a sophomore in college during the 2003 playoffs and I still remember that sickening feeling when the Yankees tied the game in the 8th inning. There was no doubt in my mind that we were going to lose at that point. Minutes before, my friends and I had looked out the window from our dorm to the police cars set up along the campus perimeter in anticipation for our outdoor celebration. And in a matter of moments, that celebration prep transformed into sadness and dread. By the time Boone was up to the plate, I had my head down. I couldn't even watch.Although I think we can go even earlier than the eighth inning. I've always thought that game was lost in the top of the 4th. Millar led off with a home run to make it 4-0. Trot walked and Mueller hit a single, sending Trot to third. Clemens was taken out for Mike Mussina. The game was one hit away from being over.Tek proceeded to strike out. Damon hit into a double play. The inning was over and the Red Sox couldn't score again despite having runners on the corners and no one out. I remember thinking that was a bad sign. I remember thinking they needed more runs. Turns out that inclination was right. 
Yeah I could definitely go with renaming it the Grady game. Was so fucking unfair that Wake gave up the hit too, since he was a horse that postseason.
Who is your daddy? It's also the Aaron Boone game. 
This is the right answer. Reggie Lewis dying 7 years later was just as tragic 
This is the right answer. Reggie Lewis dying 7 years later was just as tragic 
I would have to say Babe.
That one, while it stings, doesn't hurt as much because Perk went down in game 6. It's pretty much a guarantee that if Perk doesn't go down, the Celtics win game 7.
That was a world sporting event, not a boston sporting event.
Including 3-0 lead in Game 7 :(
Losing the North Stars, Kirby Puckett, Prince (it counts, dude could ball), Herb Brooks, pick any playoff run for the Vikings, KG leaving, KG coming back and the Wolves still being fairly irrelevant.At least we've got the Lynx, Miracle on Ice, and dancing KG dude.edit: Losing the Lakers should be thrown in too, and might be the worst of the bunch.
*But something hit me deep inside. The day... when Oooakland... died.*
Angels fan God Bless the rally monkey 
That was a little less bad for me, because I wasn't expecting us to get that far, wasn't expecting us to win going in, and to have us give such an incredible team and one of the best defenses in league history such a close run for their money makes me still pretty proud as a fan.
I was at that game. As a Steeler fan. Can confirm it was heartbreaking to watch even with my team winning. 
Brian St. Pierre's 15 minutes of fame.
That's gotta suck. At least if you'd won that you'd *only* have a 12 year playoff drought.
Can't believe I had to scroll past Seattle, Chicago, Boston, and Tampa Bay threads to get to us.  Clearly nobody knows what heartbreaking is.
Staph infection game!  Ugh.
To me 2001 was worse, and for me it was definitely the most heartbreaking event in NY sports history.  It was right after 9/11 and even though the Yankees had just come off a threepeat, it seemed like *everyone* was behind them for once.  They were America's team just that once, a symbol of hope for a city that was at the depths of despair.  They still had their core squad (Jeter, Posada, Pettitte, Rivera, O'Neill, Tino Martinez, Bernie Williams) that made a lot of people fall in love with baseball again, plus a lot of great add-ons like Scott Brosius and Mike Mussina, and AL Cy Young winner Roger Clemens. When the Series came to the Stadium in Game 3, the atmosphere was simply amazing in every way even though the Yankees were down 2-0.  The President threw out the first pitch for the first time in 45 years, everyone was chanting U-S-A, and the national anthem was sung with real pride and resolve.  It honestly seemed like more of a national religious event than a sporting contest.  People were not only united in their support for their team, but it seemed like they were actually in some sort of spiritual communion.  Then the Yankees won all three games at home including two absolutely *amazing* games on come-back walk-off home runs.  Everyone was watching, everyone cared, everyone went nuts, even people who usually don't watch baseball.  Then back to Arizona; get creamed in Game 6 but Yanks had a 2-1 lead going into the 9th inning in Game 7, with the greatest closer of all time in to finish it and bring home the title.  And then a single, an error, a miscue, a hit batter, and that little bloop.  That little fucking bloop that destroyed a city's dreams and hopes.  No title, no joy; just sucked back to the crushing reality of a devastated city. I was 14 at the time and I just remember what a truly crushing feeling it was, never felt the same about any sporting event since.
Ya that was bad but 14 felt like our Cinderella story. Coming back from 3-1, MSL mom passing away, it seemed like it was our magical year.
Meltdown?  They lost in 6, held a 2-1 series lead, and erased a three-goal deficit in Game 5 and a two-goal deficit in Game 6.The disappointment that you're likely feeling is the hype of a decent playoff run for the first time in 15 years and the letdown of losing to a rival.
Does this count if a large portion of Giants fans are Devils fans? Plus the whole Giants playing in New Jersey thing.
You've just made me feel like shit, dude. That was a fantastic season, one of my favorites ever as a Rangers fan, and that ending was just absolutely brutal to experience.
More about the first one, the plus side of the 2010 one was the Giants dumping Matt Dodge and getting Steve Weatherford who helped the Giants win the SB in 2011.The 2003 choke against the 49ers is up their in Giants history.
I go with the Bucs game too, because we weren't expected to beat NE anyway. But the Bucs were our bitch for years, that was easily worse.
Yea, not to add salt but then we opened Lincoln with a shutout. 
I didn't get to see that live, but i watched the Football Life the collective gasp of the crowd is something that has stuck with me ever since 
https://youtu.be/K-WIZOKNF-E
Upside about the Cundiff game. Suggs called Skip Bayliss a douchebag live on ESPN the next day.
Older Baltimore fans have a laundry list of these moments. The Move, Super Bowl III, plus all 3 of the Orioles' World Series losses that were all heartbreaking in their own way...especially '79.For me personally, my list mirrors yours. I would add in the Steelers playoff losses, especially the one in 2010 when we blew a 14 point halftime lead. If we hadn't won in 2012 these would all sting a lot more, no question about it.
You're forgetting about Jeffrey Maier
The fucking Royals, the ONLY possible team that could out-cinderella us
What does he know about Pittsburgh? He's just a Steelers fan.
I wasn't really trying to say it was the most I'm just saying it was bad 
Roberto Clemente died 44 years ago. As tragic as his death was, I doubt there's very many people on this site who were alive to remember it.
Seeing heartbreak and Pittsburgh in the same sentence made me think of [this](https://90feetofperfection.files.wordpress.com/2011/01/andy-van-slyke-outfield.jpg).
It's not Clemente to me. But Clemente is miles ahead of the Tebow game.Sid Bream2010 Super BowlNeil Freakin O'Donnell 20 straight years of losing seasons for the pirates Chuck Noll passingThose are off the top of my head.
Hours after collecting his 3000th hit
I also had tickets to the World Series that year. As a 9-year-old in love with the Pirates, I was devastated. I would say that's easily the most heartbreaking on-field event in Pittsburgh sports history. Clemente's death is the obvious choice overall.The worst single moment I can think of for the Steelers would be the 95 AFC Championship game where they blew a 13-3 lead and had a game-winning TD pass slapped down at the goal line on 4th and goal in the final minute, allowing the Chargers to go on and get stomped by the Niners. Super Bowl XXX the next season was also really rough. They might have been the underdogs but without O'Donnell's two ghastly interceptions, the Steelers probably win that game.For the Penguins, it'd have to be Game 6 of the 1993 divisional finals when the Islanders scored in overtime of game 7 to eliminate the two-time defending Stanley Cup champions who had set the record for consecutive victories that season with 17 straight.For Pitt, the football team hasn't been close enough to anything special in my lifetime to have been truly heartbreaking but I'd say Pitt basketball was pretty heartbreaking in 2009 when they were ranked #1 for a stretch and were a 1 seed in the tournament but lost in the Elite Eight to Villanova on a last second layup.
Agreed. 0-16 was a long way coming and is a joke these days. The crash was right after the high of winning our first cup in so long, and will always remain one of if not the saddest sports related moment for this city
[Believe.](http://content.sportslogos.net/logos/1/11/full/8gvjwvgl5xlekpufphjv8rfr8.gif)
iirc it was only a few months after he left the team. Definitely sticks with you in that regard as much as if he was Titans Legend Rob Bironas.
Wait wtf?! 
You knew it was going to happen though,  he had missed his first two kicks you knew he wasn't going miss a third.
just to add to that narrative. The kid that killed him was friends with a guy Sean was paying to mow his lawn while he was out of town. Sean knew (through his cousin I believe) that the kid and his family were going through some difficulties and so Sean gave him far more money than one should get for mowing a lawn.  The lawn mowing kid wasn't the killer, but he went with the guys that did, and they knew the layout of the house because of him. That wasn't well written. I'm sorry. 
But I thought that was funn...wait a minute! >:(^(fite me irl)
Vladdy's career ended in a Limo crash.But the first time I ever teared up watching sports was seeing the cup get handed to Vladdy on the surface of the MCI center and the entire team wheeled him around.Not even Osgood/Osbad stopped that team.
dey won tho.
LOL oh man. I watched the game at [Maple Leafs Square](https://www.google.ca/search?q=maple+leafs+square&client=safari&rls=en&source=lnms&tbm=isch&sa=X&ved=0ahUKEwjuv_y12YjSAhUM4IMKHa0YC0YQ_AUICigD&biw=1280&bih=626#imgrc=y0Vd71bWdpK37M:) (or Jurassic Park as its more commonly known as these days with the Raptors recent success), and I can assure you, the reaction was like this video but x10000. I've never seen such a decimated crowd and a more dead city than I did after the game that night
The NHL has some damn good announcers. Doc's tone of voice, the play by play, just on another level compared to the NFL.
Ouch.  I remember giving up on that game but keeping it on in the background, then looking up and realizing it was suddenly tied and going into OT in like three minutes!
If you want to hate them more:  * Helmet Catch:  The Red Sox still won the WS the year before, and the Celtics the NBA title the next year.* 1986 World Series: The Celtics still won the NBA title.* 2013 Stanley Cup Finals:  The Red Sox still won the WS.1975 World Series: The Celtics won the NBA title the next year.Boston is so spoiled, even their heartbreakers are tempered by championships in other sports.
Well yeah, the closer you get without actually winning, the more painful it is. Any mistakes are amplified and past success does very little, if anything, to make you feel better. Not looking for sympathy, feel free to laugh at our sports team's collapses. I'd do the same for NY. 
Rondo misses big 3 Rondo
That Rondo-Allen-Pierce-KG-Perk starting team with Big Baby and Nate Robinson on the bench was the funnest team ever.
I look forward the the thunder slipping into irrelevance 
> On the other hand, it's really easy to enjoy it.Just enjoy the fact that they had harden durant and westbrook and couldn't win a championship. All 3 of them are legitimate mvp contenders and could each carry a team.
I was at that NLDS game. Still hurts...
Fucking hell.I still get nightmares of that Lillard shot.
Yes, It definitely was a magical year. ;)
Yeah, and knowing what happened in the Super Bowl I'm kind of glad Atlanta beat us. Would have sucked going 18-1
After resting for like a week because they swept the NLCS and the ALCS went to game 7. I think thats really what did it. Lost the momentum.
Rocktober will never be forgotten.But we got Story now so. Yeah. That's pretty good. 
I don't know. The Jags game cause a panic because we thought Elway would never get the big one We're really good at being the 2nd best team in the league
>2011Dirk though...And also: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ri4T-DdJJlE
Yeah the 1st thing I thought of was the 2011 WS. I can't watch anymore highlights of that game anymore without getting sick to my stomach. Thank God the Mavs won the Finals that year though
That moment was brutal, but we took the lead after that and Larry Fitzgerald's go-ahead score wiped it away.
Yeah exactly, plus that was the last breath of the Nash era and we all knew it.  Such dark times since.
That Jets game was brutal too. Fuck Rex Ryan. Welker being benched cost us that game.As for the 08 bowl, yeah it stung but we got the league back for that twice
I was 10 when the pats won their 1st SB, so I jumped on the bandwagon. Username is to annoy Jets fans. 
Exactly, it's not an easy one to answer. Hell, when the Bears beat us in our first NFC championship game at Soldier Field. It's been 11 years or so since then I believe, and besides some questionable playcalling, we were dealt some very bad penalties. But hey, it's the past.
Agreed. We're spoiled rotten by our sports teams.
I think I need a Jesus wearing a browns jersey while hanging from the cross meme now.
C'mon, you know it's bad when Cleveland of all places had a better year than you. We had a super shitty team (A's and Browns) a team that choked a 3-1 lead (Dubs and Indians) and then instead of losing another Finals (Sharks), you won a Finals (Cavs).
Thanks, good i'm starting to forget 
> Nick AdenhartGoddamn that one is incredibly depressing
 :(
Duh, I'm saying that U-Dub gave WSU their only win of the season
Go Cougs. 
Definitely the $5 without a second thought
That makes *me* angry.
Braves heartbreak > Falcons heartbreak any day
Brooks Conrad game
Eugene Robinson winning the Bart Starr award and then getting arrested for soliciting a prostitue on the day before the super bowl 
Chipper leaving actually nearly killed me :(
They were the same thing that year.
Either team was gonna destroy ND. That was the ship
lol whatever you say
I know the feeling. 
Who knew it?!  Half of /r/nfl is Atlanta sports fans!!!
I honestly though Julio's catch was more impressive than Edelman's
I hadn't started watching American sports at that time, had no idea it was that bad!
I agree.  I didn't think we were a legit contender last year, because I thought we needed one more bat, but they surprised literally everyone by making it in.  There was nobody in the major sports announcing who thought the Tribe was going to go all the way, yet they did.The 90s, though, those teams were so chock full of talent that not actually winning a World Series was incredibly disappointing.
FUCK JOSE MESA.
I think he meant Kyrie's shot
I imagine it's hard to feel bad about The Decision with everything Lebron has done since.
I think he's saying he'd feel worse if we didn't get to keep our history
That's why, we know it sucks to lose a team with a storied history, and we wouldn't wish it on browns fans.
Classic.
I'm happy the franchise and the history stayed in Cleveland, but that's the way it's worked when a team moves. I'm glad Cleveland sued and stopped the team from moving and only got a deactivation. Nobody here would want your history nor wish a franchise move on anyone. But to try and frame it like that's not what happens in every other case is ridiculous.
Are you sure they didn't figuratively change it
Hard to believe that Dungy lost his job because of that game.
Late in the game down 5, Tampa had a long pass deep into Rams territory called back. He clearly caught it. http://www.nfl.com/videos/nfl-network-top-ten/0ap2000000113876/Top-Ten-Controversial-Calls-Burt-Emanuel-s-catch
[highlight of the Bucs-Rams game the next year](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kw9rVxud7Dg)
It was really cool that the city opened up Soldier field for the memorial. I can't think of another Chicago sports figure where the city or team would open the stadium for free for a memorial. Maybe Jordan or Ditka
Yeah I was thinking about that game and then the Royals losing the 2014 world series in game seven at the K but DT clearly takes it.
And the white sox
They were pretty good for early stages of the 2010s at least 
My mom, who knows nothing whatsoever about baseball, called me the next day and said why did that guy leave Pedro in the game?I don't know, mom. I don't fucking know.To this day my suspicion is that Grady Little was a fucking idiot and a coward, and believed that if he left Pedro in nobody could blame him if things went wrong.
That was what made it particularly agonizing. If Pedro had been gassed and we'd had a shit bullpen that might have been one thing, but we had a *really* good bullpen that was reasonably fresh.All game long it felt like we just had to get to the 8th and let our bullpen close it out. And we fucking made it to the 8th with a 2 run lead.
Same. You're right, it made 2004 *insanely* sweet. But after game 7 in 2003 I literally went home, turned out the lights, crawled into bed, and cried in the dark.
Meh. Babe Ruth's departure became sadder in retrospect given his success on the Yankees and our series drought, I view it less as a sad moment and more as a sad development.I'd say Buckner, Tony Conigliaro, and Game 7 of the 2003 ALCS all make for worse moments
At least you got another hockey team
[Pick one from here.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZhXzYec0fKs)
I'm sorry are you referring to the WNBA **DYNASTY** Minnesota Lynx?
That AZ team had two of the best post-season starters in recent memory.  Schilling and Johnson.  They are up there with Jack Morris and Dave Stewart for post-season clutchness.  The fact they had 2 of them was mind boggling.  Took all that to beat those Yankees of the late 90s and early 00s.  As a Red Sox fan, i had mad respect for that dynasty.  Bernie Williams was my favorite.  I thought he was your best player during that stretch.  He used the Red Sox to drive up his deal with the Yankees.  For a split second, we almost stole him from you guys.
> everyone was behind them for onceDefinitely not everyone
Pats and Rangers fan? Interesting.
Yea I wouldn't say it was the worst.  I'm a Devils fan.  If a large portion of the city like the result I can't see justifying it as one of the most heartbreaking moments ever. 
I know a lot of Giants fans are Devils fans but I was referring to NYC. I've never met or heard of a Devils fan being from here.
Gotcha, thanks for the input. (now go to hell!)
I'll take quality over quantity, thank you. 
>not to add saltproceeds to try to add salt lol
To be fair, a lot of the moments other cities' fans are citing here were also unlikely to be personally witnessed by the users here
I mean yeah, just about anything Pirates-related would qualify over the bullshit that other guy said.
The plane crash was on December 31, but he did end up at exactly 3000.
Months * 
Honestly i wasn't sure it was going to happen. Kasay's kick out of bounds to give it to ya'll at the 40 was huge and a lesser remembered part.
Damn man. It was well written enough.
Never knew all that. Really, really shitty. Really sad.
>But the first time I ever teared up watching sports was seeing the cup get handed to Vladdy on the surface of the MCI center and the entire team wheeled him around.One of the greatest sports moments of all time
CAUSE WE DOPE!
Fuck Boston. So spoiled and so blessed. Those fans are full of shit. You don't know what pain is. Try being a Texas Rangers fan. Over 100 years of MLB and the ONLY team to ever be a strike away from victory was the 2011 Texas Rangers...AND IT HAPPENED TWICE.
Yeah but the Sox and Pats were bad for a really long time so it all evens out right?
+Doc
One strike away... Twice... That's just crazy.
Wounds have started to heal but scars are still there.   We were gonna take away the last thread of pride the Dolphins Franchise has. That Jets game is definitely underrated because we can just laugh at them now, but at the time I was in so much disbelief.
I was 11 at the time. I remember waking up to the news. I cried for hours :(. It was the saddest day of my life until my grandfather passed away.
*only conference win of that season. They also beat Portland State earlier.
Go Jeff Tuel haha
Hell I'd do it for a $1.Wouldnt go as low as a quarter, though. 
At least the Braves have a championship
I was at that game.. the home run in the 8th was the most lit I've ever been at a sports stadium... and then... you know the rest
God damn umpires
I concede
From a pure skill catch standpoint?  I totally agree. Edelman's catch will still be known as The Miracle Catch though, and for good reason!
It was. Edelman got mostly lucky but also made a good play. Julio's catch was 100% skill.
It was bad. And those late 90s teams were loaded with offensive talent for the Tribe. This past year hurt, but incredibly it's not one of this city's top heartbreak moments. Just goes to show how many we've had 
The Shot refers to Jordan's buzzer beater to knock the Cavs out of the playoffs, largely regarded as MJ's coming out as a clutch player in the playoffs. That famous picture of him jumping into the air and pumping his fist was taken right after he made it. 
he absolutely made up for it and more, but damn at the time it was bad. watching him go to 4 straight finals with the Heat instead while the Cavs were in perpetual lottery pick status must have sucked so much. 
Naw Dungy was fired after losing to Philly in the Wild Card round the two following years.
He didn't. We were 1 and done the following 2 years. That's why he was fired. 
NFL.com video: Top Ten Controversial Calls: Burt Emanuel's catch [HD](http://a.video.nfl.com/films/s2012/nfl-top-10/offseason/121219_top10_burtcatch_3200k.mp4) [SD](http://a.video.nfl.com/films/s2012/nfl-top-10/offseason/121219_top10_burtcatch_500k.mp4)
God, I always forget how horrid AstroTurf used to look.
That video makes me hate Mike Martz more than I already did.
Based on the rules at the time, the ball couldn't hit the ground at all. The ball clearly hits the ground, as his hands are not completely underneath it. It's a stupid rule, as I think most people would say he had possession before, and maintained it. I'm glad the rule is changed now, although the 'football move' thing is almost as stupid as the touch the ground rule. 
That's if it were possible for Ditka to die. The man is immortal. 
COULDA FOOLED ME.
Excuse you, MN's ***BEST*** sports team and perennial powerhouse Minnesota Lynx.
I don't want to go to Philly ^^/s
If I could reverse those previous 3 games in the Bucs favor if it meant we won in 02, you bet your ass I would.
Hey man, this thread was basically asking for salt to be added. Lol
Yeah, Kasay's kick was brutal. Jake Delhomme played a hell of a game, including the score right before the kick. Delhomme has always been my favorite QB of yours
MAH BOYYYYYYYYYY
Sox were 1 strike away against the Mets in '86.Boston fans endured plenty of heartbreak prior to 2001. Sure, there's plenty of bandwagon fans, but the old timers know heartbreak over and over again with the Sox and endless seasons of mediocrity with the Patriots. 
Man any Dolphins fan that remembers that shit is retirement age by now.
Sorry about your grandpa man, having a loved one pass away sucks :(
Hard to believe there was once a time Wazzu could beat an FCS team
Never met him while I was there... and I was in that area for a while. Klay Thompson on the other hand had the privilege of showing me the difference between average person and professional athlete.He's a fucking animal. 
More like a dynasty. The 90s were all Atlanta for the NL
'16 Indians would have hurt just as bad as the rest if it hadn't been a few months after '15-'16 Cavs. It probably would have been the worst ever, given the stakes and the lead we had.
I barely count as a baseball fan but I'll be damned if Travis Hafner isn't one of my all time fav athletes. 
Don't worry, it did. 
How the fuck does the NFL have such a problem to this day saying what a fucking catch is 
And feel. Left the field after games with no skin left.
True. That was the rule at the time and it sucks for the Bucs (lol) but fair is fair. Rules are rules. I'm glad it was changed though because it was some bullshit.
Well they are first place in the Western Conference right now
What's that? I can't hear you from the top of the western conference.
Remember how there was really no scoring in the first half of that game then both teams went nuts in the second half? Such a wild game.
Oh yeah, started school in Klays last year, absolute thrill to watch.
Uhm, the Braves are considered underachievers with their ultimate pitching rotation...They should have been more similar to the Yankees but instead they only won one. 
Because it's really fucking hard. Plain & simple.  You think they're making it hard on purpose?  
I mean, I get that it can be annoying in some games, but the reason is because it's pretty subjective. Things like control are the reason. What you think it having control of the ball may not be the same as me. There's no way to get a protractor or something and be like oh, he has the ball here and he pulls it in and his arm goes past this angle, clearly a catch! I think a lot of people have been boned out of some obviously legitimate catches, and others have gotten away with catches that really weren't, but I totally understand why. Get 20 football fans together and have them watch a catch that could go either way and I'm sure you'd get a lot of people with different opinions, it's not like it's something blatant that the refs aren't picking up on, it's just something that's going to be hard to get right on a tough call and there's bound to be some bad calls in a game where tens of catches happen in every single game every single week. That's a lot of catches every single season, thousands, and there's only really controversy every now and again, so really the problem isn't huge, it's just that when they do make a controversial call on a catch it gets posted and played everywhere.
Because we're approaching the problem completely wrong.  We shouldn't be asking what is a catch.  We should be asking *why* is a catch?
Do you remember when the Vikings were 5-0 and rated the #1 team in the NFL last season?Give the Wild time.
They've already passed their January deadline for midseason collapse, into scrambling for a playoff spot.  
Wild are well past the halfway point of the season.  When the Vikes were 5-0 it was barely 1/4 the way through.It's safe to say the Wild are pretty damn good.As we all know though, that doesn't mean shit in the playoffs.*Minnesota cautious optimism intensifies*
2 things Minnesotan teams are good at.1. Getting into the playoffs.2. Failing spectacularly in the playoffs.
> It's just a prank bro-Myles Garrett, probably
His agent told him to say this.
Ok Garret, you are going to the Brown buddy
The worst part is how out of context the video is, considering it's 3 months old, and how it's being blown out of proportion.
Wasn't a joke it's obviously a cop out when he got flack for it.
Jokes are meant to be funny /s 
serious not serious.
Welcome to the pros kid
This is so stupid.  I hope no one takes this idiot before we pick.  :)
What did he do?
YOU CAN'T TELL ME WHAT TO DO BUD. THIS IS AMURICA BRUH AND I'LL BLOW THINGS OUTTA CONTEXT IF I WANNA /S.
I mean it's not the worst thing a consensus #1 pick could do but this whole thing does make him look silly.
BULLSHIT
He really started to back down when he realized that could be hurting his draft stock.
You're getting drafted by the browns so it's you that I hope can take a joke 
he's from Arlington, TX. he wants to play for his childhood team. that's normal. people are getting upset that someone is normal. it's so normal that it's boring. when did people become so fragile that even boring normal stuff bothers us?
Garrett could put out a video of him smoking weed and burning a Lebron jersey and he'd still get taken first overall by the Browns. 
He was trying to hold back laughter when he said the 'plea', come on.
ESPN had a playful interview w/ him and posted the dallas part of it out of context of the rest of the interview and 2 months later.
Made a video asking Jerry Jones to trade Romo and a bunch of picks to the Browns in order to move up to number 1 and draft him
I dont know if I would say it makes him silly.  Maybe for trying to explain it?   He should just let it be and worry about other things.  
If the browns actually wanted him, none of this changed a thing. 
I'm still gonna find his house and burn it down for that video 
I mean to be fair plenty of us have smoked weed while burning a Lebron James jersey so he'd fit right in. 
I know you probably want him to want to play for the Browns more than anything but as the saying goes there's truth in every joke
ESPN made the video
I mean he said it and then was like just kidding guys! Chill! He'd have been better off not saying anything of the sort. Is its a big deal? No. Does it effect his draft stock? No. Is it just kinda silly to do? Yeah.
Yeah, shocking he'd want to play for his hometown team!Stupid comment is stupid. FOH.
I agree.  I thought maybe you were saying he was silly for even making the video.  His talking about it is a waste of time.
Tom Brady has been in the league for 17 years. Blake Bortles has been in the league for 3. And yet, Brady's only thrown one more pick six.
Jesus Christ Bortles.
At his current rate, it would take Russell Wilson 20 more years before he throws his 5th regular season pick 6.It would take Aaron Rodgers 48 years.
Definitive proof Geno Smith > Tom Brady.
Crazy how Rodgers has only thrown one
Rodgers not being on here is very unsurprising 
To be on the top of this list you have to have a long successful career. Any guy who would toss a ton of those with no success would be done quick. There is also a good chance you were on teams where there were meaningful games where it was close at the end and you had to take risks
Pretty interesting, wonder what the pick 6 to attempt ratio would be.
Derek Anderson is still alive?
I'm assuming this is regular season only? Wonder who moves up if you added in playoffs.
Who tf is Lynn Dickey lmao
surprised Kaep doesn't have 5 seeing as he once threw pick 6s on back to back plays
That's my boy Favre!!
These numbers are way higher than I would have thought.
Do we have a list of the players that scored the pick six?
I'm surprised that Alex Smith has even *one* pick six considering he'll pass up an open receiver for a two yard, out of bounds scramble any day of the week.
Holy shit! Joe Montana truly is the GOAT!
The longer the amount of time a player starts, the higher their pick six count is. Quality post and thanks for taking the time to make it, but the results aren't very surprising. 
Is everyone really surprised about Bortles? He's garbage. He throws a shit ton of interceptions. 
i remember when palmer was the season leader every year since he came into the league. happened for a long time until schaub happened. 
For some reason I thought Romo would have more than 13.
Marino has a lotSo does Brees, didn't exactly expect that.edit: lol when I saw mark brunell's name
See Falcons? Aren't y'all glad to have gotten rid of Favre?
I always see Steve DeBerg pop up in weird places. My dad worked out with him in Denver during the players strike a few times 
Of course Tom Brady has thrown 12 pick sixes..**That cocky bastard**
manning has thrown a shit ton dafaq.although in all fairness, the differences between a pick six and a interception aren't usually 100% on the QB.
Vick is officially retired so you should probably take him off the active list. 
Damn it Rivers
I expected Shaub to have way more 
Aaron Rodgers has so few partially because he doesn't throw many INTs, but even fewer on screen passes, which are the bread and butter of pick sixes. He also has so few because he's actually willing to sell out to stop the return. He ran down Urlacher for a game-saving tackle in the 2010 NFC Championship.
Blake Bortles has thrown almost twice as many pick-sixes as Joe Montana. Joe Montana's career was over 15 years long.I think someone needs to work on their reads, and it's probably not Joe Montana. 
>12 - Tom BradyFitting number, too
No, Jesus Christ would never throw a pick-six.
This year alone he was good for 4-5 of those iirc
Nah, I bet Brady could take a punch. 
Well, more generous, at least.
[It was tipped off the receiver.  Of course it was a great throw](https://vimeo.com/97982446) I'm not even being biased here.  I thought it was going to be an awful throw/decision by Rodgers.  Dude's unreal. 
As is Favre leading the pack.
Wasn't there some stat his last pick 6 was in 2011 or something?
Among the QBs listed, Geno Smith and Blake Bortles would probably be at or near the top, and Tom Brady would be at or near the bottom.
Somewhere as a backup, I guess.
Peyton Manning, Brett Favre and Ben Roethlisberger have each thrown four in the playoffs, and Rich Gannon has thrown three. Favre and Gannon each threw three in one playoff game, with Gannon throwing his in the Super Bowl. Roethlisberger threw two as a rookie in his first post-season. Manning has thrown one in multiple Super Bowls, as has Kurt Warner.
Green Bay's below average QB from 1976-1985 
Just another franchise QB from Green Bay.
Starting QB for the Packers from 1976-1985. In 1983, he led the NFL in passing yards, TD passes, INTs, yards per attempt and yards per completion.Before he joined the Packers, he was a backup for the Oilers from 1971-1975.
Well, he does a lot of sitting. You gotta throw the ball to throw pick 6s. 
That game was a huuuuge outlierLike 12% of his career picks,  his TD:INT ratio goes from 2.4 to 2.76 with that game removed 
Colin Kaepernick has three.
Rod Woodson. :P
Joe Montana had six.
Montana threw 6000 passes in his career (playoffs included)Brady is closing in on 10,000 (9500)
If he throws 35 touchdowns I don't care how many INT's he throws. He can throw a pick six in every single game if he wins the superbowl.
Carson Palmer by season...2003: 0  2004: 3  2005: 1  2006: 1  2007: 3  2008: 0  2009: 2  2010: 5  2011: 1  2012: 2  2013: 1  2014: 1  2015: 0  2016: 1
Tony Romo by season...2006: 1  2007: 2  2008: 1  2009: 1  2010: 0  2011: 2  2012: 3  2013: 0  2014: 1  2015: 2
When you are the only guy on the team trying to elevate the team... well, shit happens.
Sweet, that was the same year Steve DeBerg sang The Lady In Red. :P
HAY U NO Y TOM BRADY IS JERZEY #12? CUZ DATS HOW MANY OF TEH PICK-SIXES HE THROWZ LOLOL
I thought they said he came back out of retirement again?Either way, he doesn't have too many.
Philip Rivers was actually pretty good at avoiding them early in his career. He threw one in 2006, two in 2007, one in 2008, and none in 2009 and 2010. But he's thrown 18 since 2011, which is an average of three per season in that period of time. :/
He didn't have hardly any until his foot was exploded. 
Matt Schaub by season...2007: 1  2008: 1  2009: 3  2010: 2  2011: 0  2012: 0  2013: 4  2014: 1  2015: 2He had four consecutive games with a pick-six in 2013 before he was benched. The Texans have been looking for a good QB since. I think Matt Schaub just got the yips, like a pitcher in baseball who just loses it for no apparent reason.
I disagree. Screen passes tend to be thrown very quickly, especially bubble screens, so it's very difficult to intercept them even if defenses know they're coming. Most of the time, it seems to be DBs jumping routes on slant passes or LBs hiding in the short middle that take INTs to the house.
your list says that he's thrown 12.
Can't hit a curveball though...
Jesus threw a pick six and I was born 
He threw one last Sunday...
Wait you're a colts fan. You're not supposed to say that. 
He can't even take a sack without whining 
God those creamsicle unis are so fucking sexy
Aaron Rodgers had all that time on the bench to watch and learn from the legend, but he never learned how to throw a pick-six? Shame on him.
2009.
Plays backup for the Panthers. Threw a pick six week 4 against Atlanta during our comeback after Cam went out and effectively killed our chances of winning that game.
> He can throw a pick six in every single game if he wins the superbowl.The problem is that you can't get away with spotting your opponent 7 points every week and hope to make the playoffs, let alone Super Bowl....but I understand your greater point.
guess i was wrong. it could have been since 2003 hes lead the league in pick 6s. 
True.
You're the anti-Christ, aren't you?
What? I'm a big fan of discussing Brady taking a punch. 
Jesus christ, and Cutler has 18 and people wonder why I don't defend him.  Pick 6 cripple a team sometimes, which is why Rodgers consistently wins
Shit.
In this hypothetical example, he does just that. It's only an issue so long as it keeps us from winning. This year the pick sixes didn't actually prevent us from winning, they just didn't help.
Well that can't be true either, because Philip Rivers has one more than Carson Palmer does, and Rivers was drafted in 2004.
I've never been impressed with Jay Cutler, honestly. He's been average at best.Somehow he's undefeated against the Steelers in his career. :/
just because he has 1 more now doesent mean he always has. 
Average at best, couldn't have said it better myself.  He has flashes but at this stage in his career you know what you're getting, move on already
Maybe Palmer had the most from 2003-2012 or something like that.
Exactly. He makes the same mistakes now that he did early in his career, so if he hasn't elevated his game after 11 seasons in the NFL, then he's never going to be anything more than he is now, which isn't good enough to win a Super Bowl with.
yeah i just remember an announcer saying hes lead the league in pick 6s since entering the league but this was back when he was either with cincy or oakland so it wasnt too recent. 
Someone is downvoting us, I don't understand why people still defend him.  Jay Cutler is dead to me as a Chicago Bear, let him go elsewhere but he's done here.  I'd take rookie project after rookie project than a QB who will never ever achieve their true inner talent
At this point, it's the only option. Jay Cutler is the most infuriating kind of QB, in that he's not good enough to make his team better, but he's still too good to replace easily. Hell, Kyle Orton was more fun to watch.
Pretty sure the Patriots are gonna get the 1st, 2nd, and 3rd pick in the draft for Garoppolo. He's THAT handsom-I mean good. He's that good. 
This sub is going to explode when the Pats end up with a top 5 pick or two firsts. 
>If the Browns have designs on offering the No. 12 overall pick in the 2017 NFL Draft to coax Bill Belichick into parting with his valuable Tom Brady insurance, they might just discover that equally desperate franchises such as the 49ers and Bears are willing to up the ante.That's an interesting thought. Is a bidding war for Jimmy Garoppolo possible? That could be fun, right? 
Knowing the Pats they're going to get a hell of a deal and use those draft picks to reload and win again within a few years. Hell they'll probably draft the next Tom Brady because god hates the rest of the NFL.
 
Anyone else creaming
The Pats probably won't get a first rounder, but I love seeing fans of other teams squirm at the possibility.
In4b Brady suspension announcement 20 min after trade goes through.
We could get a pretty solid piece on D if we have at min the #12 pick.Welp...the erection is back up.
I don't see the Pats getting a 1st for Jimmy. The best I see him going for is a high second and then a high fourth, which I think would be quite a haul.
This fuckers played like 3 games!!!! Hopefully at one point the league realizes that questionable/mediocre QB's aren't worth a bazillion dollars.
If the patriots manage to trade him they'll have more cap room and more top 100 picks in this draft than any team that was in the playoffs this year
i cant wait to see which dumb fucking team gives up half their draft for him
I'm also a Bears fan, and I want him, DeShaun or Tyrod. I'd prefer Jimmy, and really wanted the Bears to get him in the draft 
I like jimmy, but damn the bears are gonna get fucked if we do this trade. 
some of the people here mocking potential trades are dumber than Knicks fans who think every marquee free agent is dying to go the Knicks so they can play at MSG.
If the Pats end up with Garrett that is criminal. And BB is a smooth criminal.
It ultimately depends on whether Belichick thinks Jacoby Brisset can be the guy.
Im so torn on this situation.On the one hand, I am fully confident in Brady playing another 2, 3 seasons at a high level *if* he can avoid injuries.On the other hand, it's pretty much a scientific fact that the body heals more and more slowly as people age so the threat of even lesser injuries like an awkward fall on the throwing shoulder or an ankle problem make me want to have him there as insurance pretty badly.This is a big moment for BB. If he can really get a 1st rounder for him (maybe by sweetening the pot a bit with a lower future pick), it'd be hugely tempting so as to stack the roster even further in Brady's twilight years.On the flip side, he has proven he can win games if Brady is out for any stretch of time. I just dont know.
i'm pretty sure they will win SB52. can't stop Brady when he plays like *that*.
someone call billy king
I don't see the value in a guy with.one year left on his contract. If his relationship with Bill is real he could just go back to the pats after the year were as a first round qb would have a long contract at a cheaper price
I just want to remind everyone that Patriots fans were confident that Houston would trade the 33rd overall pick for Ryan Mallett.
We go through this with every single Patriots backup QB.  It's like the league refuses to learn.
Watch all these Garappolo rumors are a giant ploy to bait a team into trading their entire draft for Jimmy G then BB is gonna say how about 2 drafts and (insert team here) will get Brady.
Oh my fucking god these Patriot fans are so annoying with this Jimmy G shit when they clearly would not trade a first rounder for him if they were in the Browns, Bears or Niners shoes.  HE IS NOT WORTH THE FIRST ROUND PICK I WILL SAY IT AGAIN!
That's some Kevin Costner Draft Day level kung-fu treachery.
1st + Flash Gordon from browns.
Some people say he's better looking than Brady himself! Better than Brady! How many draft picks is that worth to you?BY GOD, ALL OF THEM!
Yea well hes not as handsome as Flacco apparently. 
Hes not getting traded, he'll be a patriot again next year.
Goodell will hang himself
If the trade doesn't happen this sub is going to get some major blue balls.  They've been discussing this trade for far too long.
I'm not banking on it (I think they get a very good packet of other picks, possibly including a 2018 1st)... but it's damn nice to be able to look at draft profiles or youtube highlights of guys like Jonathan Allen, Malik Hooker, or Leonard Fournette while entertaining at least the slight possibility that we could actually get 'em.
If we get two first that will make up for last year. 
Lol you are really kidding yourself of you think that is possible.
Good thing that's not gonna happen
I doubt it. Even if we trade Jimmy, it will probably be for a second in 2019 or something; a pick that on the face of it seems absurd but in hindsight will look brilliant. Typical BB move.
The Pats aren't getting the 12th overall pick for a player who's only played 70 some odd snaps and only has one year on his contract. Because if he succeeds, you're going to have to pay him a massive amount of money with only a year to evaluate him, and if he fails, you're out a pick AND a player. Why would anyone trade a first for that situation?And even ignoring that, let's just look at the draft order here. I'm going to helpfully bold all the teams that should be in the Jimmy G hunt and italicize one that shouldn't, but might be anyway.> **1	Cleveland Browns**> >  **2 San Francisco 49ers**> > **3	Chicago Bears**> > 4	Jacksonville Jaguars> > 5	Tennessee Titans (from L.A. Rams)> > **6	New York Jets**> > 7	Los Angeles Chargers> > 8	Carolina Panthers> > 9	Cincinnati Bengals> > **10	Buffalo Bills**> > *11	New Orleans Saints*> > **12	Cleveland Browns (from Philadelphia)**> > 13	Arizona Cardinals> > 14 or 15 [A]	Indianapolis Colts> > 14 or 15 [A]	Philadelphia Eagles (from Minnesota)> > 16 [A]	Baltimore Ravens> > 17	Washington Redskins> > 18	Tennessee Titans> > 19	Tampa Bay Buccaneers> > 20	Denver Broncos> > 21 [B]	Detroit Lions> > 22	Miami Dolphins	> > 23	New York Giants> > 24	Oakland Raiders> > **25 Houston Texans**> > 26	Seattle Seahawks> > 27	Kansas City Chiefs> > 28	Dallas Cowboys> > 29	Green Bay Packers> 30	Pittsburgh Steelers> > 31	Atlanta Falcons> > 32	New England PatriotsMost of the teams that really badly need a QB are drafting in the top ten this year. All of them would be stupid to give up that kind of capital for a relatively unproven QB when they could get a game changing talent at another position. The only team with a huge need after the 10th pick is Cleveland, but they also have the 33rd, which is higher than what any of the other teams that are needy can offer. The best they can hope for is that Houston might overpay, but even that seems unlikely considering they're still financially tied to Osweiler this season.And if the Pats dig their heels in and demand a first? Fuck em. Jimmy's going to be a free agent in a year. Why give up a first now for a guy who's going to be on the market in a year anyway? It's not like he'll get worse between now and then. His contract situation would get less precarious and a team will be able to put him on a prove it deal that would be cheaper than paying a first for him and overpaying for a hypothetical year's worth of success.So yeah, the only perfect storm I see is a perfect storm that insures the Pats aren't going to get a first for him. A second, maybe. I could justify trading 33 for him if I'm a cap rich team like Cleveland. But not the 12th.EDIT: And for the record, I'm a huge Jimmy G fan. I think he's going to be a stud, and I've been arguing that he's going to be a stud since back before the Patriots even drafted him. I have complete faith in his ability personally, but I can divorce how I feel about his potential enough to see the risks involved in trading a first for him.
There are too many good QBs in free agency, there isn't a low supply situation, there will be no bidding war. I'd be very surprised if the Browns even offered 12.
If we were really drafting the next Tom Brady we wouldn't need a first, second, third, fourth, or fifth round pick ;)
Look at the last time the patriots had 2 first rounders: hightower and chandler jones. One is the anchor of the defense and the other helped us win a lombardi and we got a 2nd rounder a year before the end of his rookie contract
The next TB12 will be UDFA - BB
Jimmy G for Joe Thomas and a 1st. Starts 3 games, career ending injury
I haven't stopped doing so since Sunday.
Me but not for that reason 
Why not? Sam Bradford pulled a first and idk about you but I'd way rather have jimmy 
I'm fairly certain you will. The Browns may trade back to like 20ish and trade you that for him, while we pick up another second, but I can almost guarantee you that a first from us will be in the mix if they like him that much. 
I bet you guys get the 9ers second round pick and that's basically a first round pick.
Then it's Brissett time.
WHEN DID YOUR ERECTION LEAVE? Fucking pink hat.^^/s
Reubon foster!!
Thing is if I'm the Pats a high 2+4 just isnt enough for me to trade away Jimmy G if I like him.Sure Brady looked great in the SB. But he wouldn't be the first hall of famer we saw fall off a clip at age 40. If the Patriots believe in Garrapolo I dont think its worth trading him away for only a 2nd rounder.If I were them I'd rather hang onto him, and then decide next year what to do. Next year they could still pull a Cassell and Tag + Trade. or maybe they'll actually need him and Tag and play him. Or Shit, maybe they figure out a way to tag him and have him ride the bench agian.Who the hell knows.
I don't think Belichick would trade for a high 4th, we lose our highest 2017 4th round draft pick due to the scandal which shall not be named
They're worth high level draft picks. They're not worth multi-year guaranteed salaries. You get to test him and if he works pay him. Brock's deal is far worse than this. This is a slightly proven draft pick with a year left on his rookie contract. 
I don't mean this negatively,  but didn't the Ravens pay Flacco a bazillion dollars? How's that worked for them?
There is literally a 0% chance the Patriots get Myles Garrett
I think it comes down to if he thinks Brady is going to regress in the next 2 years.Brisset is not going to be our next QB.
If a team gives up their first, them signing him long term will be part of the trade.
We were?  Because I know of no Patriots fans who were confident of that.  Some people hoped that the Texans would give up too much because of BOB, but that's about it.
I think anyone who watched Mallet play knew that was a pipe dream. That guy never looked good. 
Before Garoppolo, Brady's backup was Ryan Mallett. The Pats got a grand total of a conditional 7th by trading him.Before that, Brady's backup was Brian Hoyer. The Pats were unable to get anything at all for him.So when you say we go through this with every single Patriots backup QB, I guess what you mean is the Patriots traded a backup QB for a pretty solid haul that one time almost a decade ago, and haven't done it since?
Jimmy G is miles more talented than our past backup QBs, people would know this if they watched him play. 
Why are you mad tho
Yeah I think they're seriously over valuing Jimmy G, they'll get a second round pick at best 
I fear that how much we bring up this movie that we are going to skew the view of it to the younger generations. The future children will speak of Draft Day as a classic, not understanding why we all love it, without knowing we all actually hate it.  And most importantly, why their Birthday attendance is so crucial to their lively-hood.
I hear his birthday party was well attended!
...please no.  Garrett and Flash?  Football would be allot less fun unless you lived in Mass for the next decade
NFL would probably suspend Gordon day one for agreeing to play in a state with legal weed.
Trading 1st overall for someone still unproven who will be a free agent next year anyway when your team sucks and won't be contending anytime soon would be just about the worst football move ever. And the Browns would so do it. 
Nor as Elite 
I'll beat him to it.
It'll be just like when the Eagles didn't trade up for Mariota. 
I am a contrarian here; I think the Pat's should -- and probably will -- keep Jimmy. Reports suggest they love him and 1 year of insurance when your QB is 40 is worth it unless the offer is a huge overpay.Brady is one injury away from retirement. If he stays healthy and doesn't regress, they can franchise him and trade him, or get comp picks. But, noting is more important than *the next franchise QB.* So unless they 1) like Brissett a lot (but the difference between them seems stark) or 2) think *the guy* is in the draft this year or something, I would sooner keep him than take, say, a late 1st and a 4th.
Just like /r/Colts when Brad Wells reports anything. 
A stud workhorse back like Fournette could keep Brady playing until 50. 
Oh please LF7. May the voodoo of the bayou smile down upon us.
If the Patriots want an elite RB, there may be some even in the 2nd round. This draft is stacked at the position
First off, all players in the draft are unproven. Drafting is a total crapshoot. Jimmy has more NFL experience than every QB in this draft combined. Draft experts say they'd be terrified to draft a QB with a top ten pick this year.Second, If Jimmy plays like a franchise QB, pay him like one, or use the tag and make certain. If a team believed they were getting a franchise QB, what team wouldn't give up a first for him?Keep in mind that Jimmy will want franchise QB money if he is a free agent. Then you get to pay for him without knowing if he's any good. Shit, ask the Texans if that worked out with Brock.Idk, I think wessling makes some good points.
At the end of the day I think it all comes down to a team's assessment of Garoppolo and their confidence level in that assessment.In 2007 the Texans traded two 2nd round picks and swapped their #8 overall for the #10 overall in order to get Matt Schaub. They gave Schaub a 6 year/$48m contract at the time they signed him, in a year where the salary cap was $109m. This was before QB salaries truly blew up, too: Tom Brady's cap hit that year was $7.79m, and Peyton Manning's was $8.4m.Before going to Houston, Schaub (a 3rd round pick and a 3 year veteran) only threw 164 passes in the NFL. He had a 6.4 Y/A, a 51.8% completion rate, and 6 TDs against 6 INTs with an 0-2 record as a starter. Whatever Houston's scouts and personnel men saw in Schaub, they weren't seeing good performances in the heat of the actual NFL season.And it was a good trade! Texans fans look back on the trade fondly, even though Schaub's career kind of fizzled out by his 7th year in Houston:>Best trade in Rick Smith's tenure off the top of my head.>Now that we've seen Fitzpatrick, Hoyer and Osweiler, everyone agrees that Schaub was great. I've always thought he was a top 10 qb at his peak, his peak was just short lived unfortunately. 2 2nds were 100% worth it.>No issues with the trade at all, it's part of the reason I supported the Brock signing. Easily a T10 QB for a large amount of his tenure here.>Absolutely terrific trade and I view the trade very favorably. People forget for a stretch Schaub was one of the better quarterbacks in the NFL. Unfortunately he had an abrupt and ugly ending here thanks to fat Albert breaking his foot and never being able to recover. 9/10 would do againIt's no accident that Houston traded for Schaub rather than some other backup QB. There was a lot of buzz around him at the time because despite his weak numbers, personnel departments around the league saw traits in Schaub that they really liked. They weren't wrong about those traits.The bottom line is that Garoppolo's value to any given team can and should be determined by their staff's opinions of Garoppolo's upside, his downside, his likeliest trajectory, and the odds of each.If a team's scouts and its personnel department strongly believe in Garoppolo and think he's an unusually good bet, the risks inherent in trading a rich amount of draft capital and giving him a significant contract shouldn't stop them from pulling the trigger.On the other hand if a team sees Garoppolo as just another roll of the dice, as not much more likely to succeed than Trubitsky, Watson, Kizer, or a QB they think they're likely to be in a position to take in 2018, then sure, they shouldn't be willing to offer all that much.
I'm just going to point out even if he isn't traded this year, they can franchise Tag him next year and then trade him like the Patriots did with Cassel.
I cannot wait for this to be over. Guys: if you believe teams are evaluating Jimmy on 70 passes, you are not a smart man.
Game changing talent at another position. Please tell me how that's worked out for Houston and JJ. If you think you can get your starting QB with ANY pick, be it through the draft or through a trade, you go for it. It's the most important position in all of sports. 
you forgot one other scenario...a qb gets hurt and a team gets desperate. the vikings did it when bridgewater went down and my dumbass raiders did it when campbell went down. what makes jimmy g worth so much is the patriots dont have to get rid of him. 
That's not what Collin Cowherd said. He said they should give up the 1st and 12th picks for the Grap. So did Mary Kay Cabot, and they're never wrong. 
> nd for the record, I'm a huge Jimmy G fan. I think he's going to be a stud, and I've been arguing that he's going to be a stud since back before the Patriots even drafted him. If any of the GM's you bolded truly also believe he is going to be a stud, than they will give up a top of the first round pick for him. I dont want my team to do it, But I'm just saying. You're kind of contradicting yourself here. If you *truly* believe a guy is a stud at the QB position and you are in a position to get him, you pay the price.
A franchise QB is the most important position for any team. If Garoppolo has any chance of being anywhere among the top half of QBs in the league, it'd be worth a 1st over a safety or CB. I wouldnt give up on drafting Myles Garrett for Jimmy G, but I would take having a potential franchise QB over a Lattimore or Jamal Adams or something. Two, there aren't any QBs in this draft that are any lower risk than Jimmy. If anything, they are all higher risk.Lastly, a year should be plenty of time to evaluate a QB. I can't imagine how any coach/GM worth his salt in the NFL could claim that a year's worth of practices and games is inadequate to make an informed bet on whether he has a future or not. In the end you either pay him because you think he's a franchise QB which like I said is insanely valuable or you are disappointed and let him go- yes a risk, but it's not like any college prospect is guaranteed to work out either.Not saying it'll happen, but if it does, it wouldnt be the craziest thing in the world.
Anything short of the top half of the first round and he has more value to us playing out his contract. If you want to wait for him to hit the market go for it, but a late first or a second simply aren't enough to replace the value he has as a backup.
Who are these good qbs you speak of? There are alot of mediocre or unproven qbs in FA (and this includes Jimmy) but good? please.Edit: Just to be clear I meant that Jimmy is unproven not that he is in FA. I know he has a year left.
Qbs in free agency ? like who ?    the only decent qb's that is FA is literally mccown and cousins
Agreed. No way in hell is anyone giving up that kind of asset for a dude who looked good for six quarters.
We turned that 2nd rounder into Joe Thuney and Malcolm Mitchell
Assume (based on quick googling) an average ejaculate of 3.7ml, density of 1g/ml, and refractory period of 20 mins. It's been ~8800 minutes since the Atlanta Falcons blew a 28-3 lead in Super Bowl LI. You've creamed 3.6 lbs. High five. Hope you've been supplementing your diet.
i'd rather have bradford 
Bradford pulled a first round after multiple seasons of starting experience and from a team with no other options.
Cause Garap isn't worth as much is Bradford is
Garappolo has succeeded for 2 games in one system.Even before the trade Bradford had done at least decently in half a dozen NFL systems over 62 games before his trade. He'd had freak ACL injuries but ACL injuries don't get more likely as they repeat.Also it was by all means an in season trade. All in season trades are priced at a premium.
Can we shout Coby every time he scores?
Lol. Foster will *never* make it to #12. If he's there at 9 we're almost certain to take him.
Or Dalvin Cook!!
Yep, if the 0.1% chance that the browns trade their #1 pick happens, there is a 100% chance the pats go and trade that pick for more picks
Can you fucking imagine it though? The last time we had an edge guy drafted that high was Willie McGinest.
why not?
Wouldn't a contract extension just be between the team and Garoppolo and they would only be able to do that after they get him
[In the comments here](http://www.patspulpit.com/2014/5/8/5696758/rumor-patriots-could-be-trading-ryan-mallett-to-texans)[Or here](https://www.reddit.com/r/nfl/comments/1d3sze/do_you_want_your_team_to_trade_a_2nd_or_3rd/?st=iz1n7tw0&sh=ae11f9db)
We go through the hype every time. Don't be so defensive. 
Super Bowl man. Super Bowl.
On the new page on this, there are 3 different posts where Jimmy G gets brought up about trade for him where they think he is valued for a first which is just what Belichick asked for.  Pats also asked for [a second round pick](http://nesn.com/2014/02/report-patriots-want-second-round-pick-in-ryan-mallett-trade/) for Ryan Mallett.  He was traded for a conditional 6th or 7th round pick.
On the new page on this, there are 3 different posts where Jimmy G gets brought up about trade for him where they think he is valued for a first which is just what Belichick asked for.  Pats also asked for [a second round pick](http://nesn.com/2014/02/report-patriots-want-second-round-pick-in-ryan-mallett-trade/) for Ryan Mallett.  He was traded for a conditional 6th or 7th round pick.
I generally agree but if the three teams are truely interested then his price could be inflated. Its very possible the teams baulk at anything near a first round pick but with how valuable qbs are and how much even mediocre qbs can go for, it isn't out of the question. I'm not holding my breath though.
Yet watch one of these teams throw their 1st at a QB anyways...
If the Browns offered the 33rd pick, Belichick better just accept it because there is no way he gets anything more.
I loved that movie.
I liked it. Things were heavily exaggerated but to shit all over the first front office football movie so hard does nothing but guarantee that people won't put up money for another. 
I'd imagine it'd be the later 1st that Cleveland has.
It would be their late 1st round pick I'm sure.
it  can't get *too* much worse.  
I mean, it's not like Gordon would be particularly likely to ever see the field for us.
That's some fresh talk boy. If it weren't for Cleveland's rabid fans you wouldn't have bought a product primed for 2 Super Bowl wins. But I'll ignore you said that as long as you say '96 Hail Ozzie's and appreciate what you have from now on.
By god you went all in.
Goodell is into auto-erotic asphyxiation?
Mr. Commissioner, you'll have to get down from that stool, I'm afraid /u/Dallas_FC already hanged himself, this morning.DAMNIT!!
it would've taken a fortune, which I guess you guys spent next year on Wentz.who would you rather have? Mariota or Wentznot sure who'd I pick, I might lean Mariota for now.
Totally agree. 
I guess the question is, how good do you think he is? His two game run at the start of the season looked great but in hindsight Arizona and Miami both ended up having awful seasons and their defenses were cooked by a lot of QBs.
agree
Unless they change the offensive gameplan that's been working for years I doubt it, especially because Belichick thinks RB production is easily attainable in the lower rounds.
let LG go, take him?  Please, I can only get so erect.  
People keep saying it's a great RB class, but when I read through draft profiles (and look at the grade curve relative to other positions) I'm not overwhelmed. Cook and Fournette will be long gone of course. Mixon looks elite but... the Pats in particular seem highly unlikely to draft him.McCaffery looks pretty good though there seems to be a split on how good and durable he'll be running inside the tackles in the NFL with his size.Beyond that it seems like everyone has either significant character questions (Alvin Kamara), major fumble issues (D'onta Foreman, who's also awful in pass protection, Marlon Mack, and Jeremy McNichols) which is likely a dealbreaker for BB, or isn't actually even really a true RB (Samuel Curtis) until you get down to the not all that highly regarded tier.I could see the Pats taking someone like Clemson's Wayne Gallman (whose draft profile says he has major pass protection issues and some significant flaws as a runner, but otherwise seems a decent fit), though NFL.com only gives him a 5.58 grade. I guess I could also see Alvin Kamara (5.99 grade) as while he has some character flags, draft profiles suggest he's a team leader and well-liked within the program, and none of the character stuff is severe.
Seriously. Even if the Pats are able to trade for that high of a draft pick, there's little to no chance that BB spends it on a RB when the draft is so loaded.Frankly, I don't think that the Pats would even stay at that high of a position. Knowing BB's mantra, he'd trade down 1800 times and get a ton of lower picks instead.
Ya with jimmy at least you will get to see a full season of play unlike brock 
> First off, all players in the draft are unproven. Drafting is a total crapshoot. Jimmy has more NFL experience than every QB in this draft combined. Draft experts say they'd be terrified to draft a QB with a top ten pick this year.> Yeah, but players in the draft are free to go through rigorous evaluation by teams leading up to it and they get four years of cheap play out of them. With Jimmy you'd get one, and it's not like he's got a slate of private interviews and workouts lined up the way draft picks do.> Second, If Jimmy plays like a franchise QB, pay him like one, or use the tag and make certain. If a team believed they were getting a franchise QB, what team wouldn't give up a first for him?Should the Eagles have franchised tagged Nick Foles or paid him like a franchise QB? Because he played like a franchise QB for one year. Should the Browns have done it for Derek Anderson? Or the Bucs for Josh Freeman?One solid season does not make a career. The Redskins found themselves in this situation last year, and they had to spend at least $16 million trying to figure it out. That's not the worst problem to have, but it's not a problem you trade a first round pick to inherit. And not for nothing, all those teams were able to figure out that they *didn't* have a franchise QB on their hands *because they had more than one year to make the evaluation.*> Keep in mind that Jimmy will want franchise QB money if he is a free agent. Then you get to pay for him without knowing if he's any good. Shit, ask the Texans if that worked out with Brock.But you still get him AND the top ten draft talent. At least if your price tag holds up. And if you trade a first for him and he succeeds, you're out the first round pick *and* the money and you still won't have a complete idea of his future.
Drafting really isn't a COMPLETE crapshoot in the top 10 outside of the QB position. If you're drafting a QB, yes, total crap shoot. But for the most part linemen or LB's are usually pretty good chances to take.
>Jimmy has more NFL experience than every QB in this draft combined.So does Tim Tebow - fuck, Tebow started as many playoff games as Jimmy G. has started regular season games. Experience doesn't matter.
Lol at Jimmy wanting franchise money next year without ever having played.Just... no. You pats fans are delusional. If Jimmy moves at all, it'll be for a 6th, not two firsts
while thats true if they didnt make the trade, they wouldnt have traded there first round pick in 2008 and they could have drafted joe flacco. 
There's no contradiction between saying that I believe in a guy and I that I don't think most GMs would take that big a risk. That's not what a contradiction is.
Kirk Cousins, Tyrod Taylor, Mike Glennon. Very likely Jay Cutler and Tony Romo as well. You could debate on how good these guys are, but you can also debate whether or not Jimmy is, and at least those guys wouldn't cost a pick and could sign for deals longer than a year.
And Cousins is likely not even hitting FA. McCown will be 38 next season. 
Cousins, Kaep, Glennon, Cutler, Taylor, Hoyer, McCown, Geno\+ Romo and McCarron for cheaper trade packagesThey're not all better than Jimmy but they don't cost you a 1st round pick and they're not all gonna ask for 20m/y next March
Wessling argues in the article is that teams have given up a lot more (like the Rams and Eagles last year) for QBs with a lot less NFL experience than Jimmy. 
> a dude who looked good for six quartersJimmy G looks good 24/7.
and Chris Long
r/theydidthemath
Multiple unsuccessful starting seasons though
I will be.
Since I hate the Lakers, I will now believe that everytime I hear someone say that, they are talking about Brissett
Would bill take a rb with a top 15 pick though?
Aren't some mocking the Patriots to have a shot at drafting Alabama's Tim Williams even with their pick?
He didn't  really impress in college, and didn't show anything that would make me confident that he'd be the future in his games this year.
I mean, yes, it'd just be a mutual understanding that the player would sign an extension with the new team. Obviously the player would have to okay it in this situation.
I still don't see anyone in either of those threads expressing confidence that the Patriots would get 33.  I see two people arguing that he *should* be worth a second round, but I also see plenty of people saying he's not.  
Nice source. Might as well use Facebook comments. Or better yet, *YouTube* comments 
The overwhelming consensus in those comments is that a 3rd would be nice and a 2nd would be a huge win. Nowhere do I see mention of a 1st. 
Right, but you go through the hype for all of the wrong reasons. I never once thought ANY of those previous QBs were good. I didn't like Cassel, I don't like Hoyer and I didnt even realize people thought highly of Mallet!Hell, I didn't like Osweiller last year either. Despite this, I like Garoppolo. I sincerely believe that the only way he will not succeed in the league is if he goes to the Browns (not like the Bears are any better in this respect honestly.)I just watch the QB's play. 
I mean you can always ignore these postNo need to meltdown over them
Or I was thinking of a 1st round pick swap, 12 plus Jimmy for their 32nd pick wouldn't be hateful 
Please pick a different flair. 
I was hoping to see a Garner/Costner sex scene, not some Browns fan wet dream. 
Flash and Cam Robinson?
You know that BB would get that kid straight at least until he has a 2000 yard season.  I remember that 2013 browns/patriots game, I'm sure BB remembers.
How else do you explain your Superman outfit outside of Halloween?!?
Are you saying Dallas FC is Goodell?
I may be a homer, buuuuttt...Mariota. All day, every day. 
you *might* lean Mariota?  I think anyone who even debates this (at this point in their career) is falling victim to the first impression bias of Wentz's start.  After his really good start, he threw 7 touchdowns & 11 picks his last 9 games, finishing with a 16-14 td/int ratio.Mariota threw 26 tds and only 9 picks.  Even Mariota's rookie year was 19/10, far superior to 16/14.I know td/int isn't everything, but I don't think there is a metric yet that Wentz beats Mariota in.
At this point, Mariota has played better. But, wentz is a rookie and has a terrible offense around him so we'll see.
Actually the rumored price to MM was way more than what we gave up for Wentz. We would've given up Cox and even more firsts. The Wentz trade also really didn't cost too much compared to other trade ups. Cause we used Maxwell, Kiko and then Murray to move up a decent amount. Plus once the Bradford trade was made, we regained a first and that made the trade even less expensive. 
Mariota especially with the chip factor back then
It's Mariota and Chip by a mile right now 
10-6 is an awful season?
Man you wanna talk about a bruiser.Fuck it keep both. We a power run team now.
I'll tell you though, a quality RB who runs for a solid Y/A and can potentially run for 1k yards, is decent enough receiver to have to be taken seriously in the flat, is a decent enough pass protector to handle those duties when needed, and who doesn't have fumble issues (a mortal sin in BB's book) is very high on my list of wants. I think it would help both Brady and the offense quite a bit.
I think that talk is kind of an early holdover from what this class could have been.If Mixon wasn't a piece of shit and Chubb wasn't getting bad advice this class could have been Cook / Fournette / Mixon / Chubb / McCaffrey in whatever order you want them which could have been legendary.I still think it's a pretty deep class of solid RBs though. Just not what that Top 5 might have looked like.
If anything I see a JG + 32nd for top 10 pick. That way the tradee gets JG and keeps a 1st round pick
>Yeah, but players in the draft are free to go through rigorous evaluation by teams leading up to it and they get four years of cheap play out of themRyan Leaf and Trent Richardson were thoroughly evaluated, weren't they? Idk what went wrong, but something did. >With Jimmy you'd get one, and it's not like he's got a slate of private interviews and workouts lined up the way draft picks do.He worked out and was interviewed in the lead up to when he was drafted, right? Nothing since then has suggested that he's gotten *worse.* >Should the Eagles have franchised tagged Nick Foles or paid him like a franchise QB? Because he played like a franchise QB for one year. Should the Browns have done it for Derek Anderson? Or the Bucs for Josh Freeman?Fair, but if I may counter: Should the Redskins pay Kirk Cousins or let him walk because he's only been a starter for two years? The Bills are in the process of kicking out Tyrod Taylor because he's only been a starter for two years, is that the right move? >One solid season does not make a career. The Redskins found themselves in this situation last year, and they had to spend at least $16 million trying to figure it out. That's not the worst problem to have, but it's not a problem you trade a first round pick for.You're telling me that if you were the 9ers or the Bears, you wouldn't trade a first round pick for Kirk Cousins? >And not for nothing, all those teams were able to figure out that they didn't have a franchise QB on their hands because they had more than one year to make the evaluation.Jimmy will cost you ~~17~~ 21 million for 2 years. That's his current rookie salary (peanuts) plus the franchise tag of ~~16~~ 20 or so million. That's less than ~~Romo, Tyrod, Tannehill, or Brock~~ elite moneys. So you get two years of cheap QB play to evaluate him, and then you make a decision. >But you still get him AND the top ten draft talent. At least if your price tag holds up. And if you trade a first for him and he succeeds, you're out the first round pick and the money and you still won't have a complete idea of his future.I just think back to the Texans. Would they have traded a first round pick for Brock before they gave him a 72 million dollar contract? I think it would have worked out better for them if they had, because they would have had a year to determine that Brock is not a franchise QB and then they wouldn't be on the hook for 18 million dollars this year. That's the *worst case scenario* and it's still better than what they actually did.  Jimmy will command franchise QB money no matter what. The only question is: do teams want to give up draft capital and evaluate him for two years before paying him that money, or do they want to wait a year and then pay him that money sight unseen? The former sounds more reasonable, doesn't it? 
>One solid season does not make a careerAnd 6 quarters sure as shit doesn't 
>Yeah, but players in the draft are free to go through rigorous evaluation by teams leading up to it and they get four years of cheap play out of them.Sure, with respect to the four years of cheap play part (and a 5th year option for something like $8m for 1st rounders). I'm not at all convinced that teams can more rigorously evaluate coming draft picks than they can evaluate Jimmy. They've got the scouting reports from several years ago. Many teams will have interviewed Jimmy back then. If negotiations reach a certain level the Pats will almost certainly allow an acquiring team to open talks with both Jimmy and his agent. Plus teams have a few NFL games to look at, preseason games (which aren't worth a lot but still let you look at traits), and in the Bears case they had a week of practices with the Pats before a preseason game, after one of which Ryan Pace (the Bears GM, and an alum of Jimmy's alma mater) reportedly waited for a long line of autograph seekers to get taken care of so he could have a lengthy talk with Jimmy.But you're right about the contract side of it. I just wish people would be less sloppy with their language because a *lot* of people fall into framing things the way you did:>All of them would be stupid to give up that kind of capital for a relatively unproven QB when they could get a game changing talent at another position. When they should instead frame them this way:>All of them would be stupid to give up that kind of capital for a relatively unproven QB talent when they could get an even more unproven talent at another position on a much more favorable contract. 
You know that's not a good faith argument. Jimmy showed more in 6 quarters than Tebow did in a year.And you know why Tom Brady is better now than when he was 22? He has more experience. So I'd say it matters. 
You wanna bet gold on that bubs? If Jimmy leaves for a 1st or 2nd you pay me. If he leaves for a 4th or less I pay you. 3rd round or he stays and it's a wash.
but there is no joe flacco this draft class
No way Cousins hits FA. I'd say Taylor is the only one in the conversation with a QB like Jimmy. No one thinks Glennon is a potential franchise QB.
Cousins is never hitting the free agency. Redskins will tag him to keep the negotiations exclusive, and give him the Andrew Luck standard on the contract. He earned it.Glennon or McCown are not good QBs that anyone is going to clamor after.Taylor is the only one that has any chance of hitting the free agency, but even then it's a massively slim chance. That contract is not nearly as bad as anyone says. The $15 mil option bonus is crap, but the team actually has a lot of leverage to restructure because almost none of the money for the next 5 years is guaranteed. Once the bonus is paid, Taylor has no job security. He could be cut for anything at any time with no dead money. Team can incentivize a cheaper restructure by giving him some of it guaranteed.
Jimmy has a significantly higher ceiling than Taylor or Glennon. Cousins is not likely hitting free agency. 
Taylor and Glennon are great alternatives for these teams imo. Cousins isn't hitting FA. I would only classify Taylor as a good QB hitting FA though. So my point is 1 good QB  too many good QBs in FA as the poster I responed to suggested. Point taken though.
> at least those guys wouldn't cost a pick and could sign for deals longer than a year.Agreed about them not costing a pick, and if a team thinks there isn't a huge upside/downside/likeliest result difference between Garoppolo and Glennon, I really can't see why they'd have any interest in Garoppolo. Go get Glennon, save the draft picks. I think the idea of Garoppolo's value hinges on the assumption that some teams think that Garoppolo and Glennon are not fungible and that Garoppolo is a significantly better bet to be good or great (I have yet to see a report suggesting that a team would be interested in Garoppolo only if they fail to get Glennon).>and could sign for deals longer than a year.While some teams might actually prefer to keep JG on his rookie deal, maximizing their flexibility and tagging him in 2018 if need be, it's extremely likely that any team trading for JG won't pull the trigger on the trade until they've been given permission to talk to JG and his agent (who historically hasn't been the most difficult agent for teams to negotiate with) and have worked out the terms of an extension.
Cutler, Taylor and Romo are well under contract, sure the rumours say they will be released but the rumours are often very wrong.    the others are backup material not one is seriously thinking doing anything worthwhile in the league with them.
That's because NFL Draft slot values are artificially inflated like diamonds. The moment you pick a player, they lose all value. It's incredible. I don't know if you saw IASIP last night, but Dee has a lotto scratcher that she refuses to scratch. They ask her why and she says you're not a loser until you scratch it, so in a way you're a winner just by possessing it. The idea of it being valuable makes YOU feel valuable. That's how I feel teams view draft slots.
True, but we're living in a Post Brock world now.
And another Lombardi.
Give me a great DE if we get a top pick.
Who could tell? He might draft a kicker from Japan with that spot.
What if he lies. If he knows BB would take him back
It's his Schtick.  Pretty sure he's ranted in every thread Jimmy has come up in.
You realize the difference between what a player who is drafted 12th can be compared to who they can draft at 32nd?  I think they should do whatever it takes to keep the 12 pick at any cost.
You guys freak out about that movie waaaaay too much.  It was alright. 
):
[Halloween in January, bro.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wyj8UGbJzrA)
Ya. Not knocking Wentz but I love Mariota; lights out in the Red Zone.
As opposed to that stacked Titans offence. 
Oh yeah good call I forgot about that, I stand corrected
Take Fornette, giant OLs and mean fucking TEs the rest of the draft.  Basically do what the Cowboys struck gold with, and make Scarnecchia work his forms of sinister OL magics.  
Sounds like McCaffrey then
> Ryan Leaf and Trent Richardson were thoroughly evaluated, weren't they? Idk what went wrong, but something did.> > Nothing I've written here should have implied to you that draft busts can't happen. But so can trade busts.> He worked out and was interviewed in the lead up to when he was drafted, right? Nothing since then has suggested that he's gotten worse.He was, and he was largely written off because of the school he came from. If Jimmy had entered into the draft with all the same skills and tools, but had played for a big school, he would have been a top ten pick. He and Carr both got shafted over that part of their backgrounds.> Fair, but if I may counter: Should the Redskins pay Kirk Cousins or let him walk because he's only been a starter for two years?Ultimately they'll probably keep him, but it isn't the easiest decision in the world. And that situation's not really comparable. They've had two years to evaluate Kirk and figure out what his value is, where a team trading for Jimmy at your price would have to pay a first round pick for the privilege of tagging a guy.> You're telling me that if you were the 9ers or the Bears, you wouldn't trade a first round pick for Kirk Cousins?Kirk Cousins has played more than six quarters> The Bills are in the process of kicking out Tyrod Taylor because he's only been a starter for two years, is that the right move?It's a move for which they're roundly being panned, so I think that's somewhat irrelevant.> I just think back to the Texans. Would they have traded a first round pick for Brock before they gave him a 72 million dollar contract? I think it would have worked out better for them if they had, because they would have had a year to determine that Brock is not a franchise QB and then they wouldn't be on the hook for 18 million dollars this year.Draft picks are more valuable than cap space. For a top 20 draft pick, you get four years of play out of one of the best prospects out of college football. You get to keep him on your roster for up to five years, you bring him up in your system and you can get away with paying him practically nothing.The cap space the Texans gave up on Brock equated to roughly 11% of their salary cap. That's a big number, but it's not worth 5 years of Will Fuller. Especially when you consider that the NFL salary cap has grown about $10-11 million every year, I'd definitely dispute the notion that the Texans would be better off for having given up a first and what looks to be an extremely promising receiver. And that was a pick in the 20s, not one in the top 12.> 72 million dollar contractDisingenuous. The total value of Brock's contract is $72 million, but the majority of that is never going to be paid out. They can dump him after this year having only paid a fraction of that deal out.> Jimmy will command franchise QB money no matter what.No he won't. Franchise QB money is about $20 million a year. There's no chance Jimmy makes that in the open market, especially not with the 6 quarters of football he played a year in the rear view mirror.
Where are you getting 16 million for the franchise tag? It was 19.9 in 2016. 
Again, I'm a big Garoppolo fan and was before he ever donned a Pats jersey. I think he'll be a great player. But from a GM's perspective, you just can't take that kind of leap.
Tebow won a playoff game! He was an overtime hero! Don't diminish Tebow's experience. You can't say that experience matters more than talent and team control, and then say that Tebow's experience (as a winner!) doesn't matter.
So did Matt Flynn, and that didn't work out well 
Oh boy you tapered your expectations quick. If he goes in a trade including a first, you win. A second is push. Third or lower, or a player, or he stays, I win.I accept the gold bet if you agree to the above. 
A 2nd is what Donovan McNabb went for at the very end of his career.  I wouldn't call that franchise value. 
there wasnt a joe flacco in the 07 draft class either...
While I agree about Jimmy's ceiling, there's very little body of definitive proof that that's the case.
I think teams are pretty wary on Patriots backups at this point. Not a single one has shown to be successful outside of NE. Cassel performed much better in 2008 than Jimmy did this year and he was only traded for a pair of 2nd rounders I believe. I think Pats fans are gonna be disappointed in what they receive. 
That's really a perfect comparison for how teams and, especially, fans have come to view draft picks.
That's part of the argument for Jimmy actually. A year from now, if you want Jimmy in FA, you'll have to pay franchise QB money for him. Today you can get him for a year on a rookie deal plus a year with the tag, with no long term commitment in case he's not a franchise QB.
And we've been living in a post Ryan Leaf and post Jawalrus world for a while
[keep going] (http://i.imgur.com/5KGgu.gif)
But all we need is a power back, we've got 2 pass catchers who complement each other well
That's very true (I'm not down voting you btw) but if you weigh that with potential franchise QB the risk v reward is not hateful 
Moneyball did it infinitely better and I don't even like baseball
one of the worst movies ever. 
You're not alone brother. Was a good movie.
Top 5 O line plus Murray.
At least some of the Titans' receivers have slabs of cold meat at the end of their arms instead of brick.
A top-3 o-line, a proven stud at RB, a great dual-threat TE, and a coaching staff committed to not putting the entire burden of the offense's success on his shoulders alone. Also, he may not have a great set of WRs (arguably his only offensive weak point), but they still blow the Eagles' WRs out of the water. 
Fournette bud. We just need OTs. We've already got a nice set of guards including one that was drafted out of a run only team.
A scrappy gym rat that puts in overtime studying the playbook?
Lemme preface by saying this is a really good conversation about Jimmy. I appreciate it. >He was, and he was largely written off because of the school he came from. If Jimmy had entered into the draft with all the same skills and tools, but had played for a big school, he would have been a top ten pick. He and Carr both got shafted over that part of their backgrounds.Shanahan said recently that he had Garoppolo ranked just behind Carr, so it's not like everybody was whiffing on him. If he has the talent to be a top ten pick, then surely a guy with that talent who has been in the NFL for 3 years and has learned from the GOAT is worth a first rounder, right?>They've had two years to evaluate Kirk and figure out what his value is, where a team trading for Jimmy at your price would have to pay a first round pick for the privilege of tagging a guy.But if Jimmy is a franchise QB, he's not just a guy. If everything worked out and he reaches his potential (as I think he will) then you're talking about a franchise QB for the next 15 years. Trading for him and then tagging him after his first year is nothing when you consider how important he could be to a team for the next decade and a half. >Kirk Cousins has played more than six quartersIf Jimmy plays this season on his rookie deal and next year under the franchise tag, then you'll have a mountain of tape on him and can decide if he's the guy. You don't have to give him a huge contract until after the 2018 season in that case.>Draft picks are more valuable than cap space. For a top 20 draft pick, you get four years of play out of one of the best prospects out of college football. You get to keep him on your roster for up to five years, you bring him up in your system and you can get away with paying him practically nothing.I disagree for the reason that the Texans are severely constrained in what they can do and what they can accomplish this year because of the way Brock's contract is structured. They can't afford Romo and they can't afford top free agents because they owe so much to Brock and can't cut him until next year. So they have no choice but to roll into next season with Brock and hope that they can fix him. If they can't, they're banged. To your point, draft picks are valuable, but over-valued in my opinion. The Rams gave up a ton of draft picks for Goff, so I don't think it's unreasonable for a team to trade much less for a player with 3 years of NFL experience and in-game expertise against two playoff-caliber defenses in the Cardinals and Dolphins. >No he won't. Franchise QB money is about $20 million a year. There's no chance Jimmy makes that in the open market, especially not with the 6 quarters of football he played still in the rear view mirror.Now this I strongly disagree with. Brock got 18 million a year *last year.* The salary cap is only going up, and there will be teams desperate for a franchise QB next year just like this year. Jimmy and his agent will play any team without a QB off one another until he gets his franchise QB money. And teams will pay it sight unseen because they need a franchise QB.
> He was, and he was largely written off because of the school he came from. If Jimmy had entered into the draft with all the same skills and tools, but had played for a big school, he would have been a top ten pick. He and Carr both got shafted over that part of their backgrounds.So, now he is worth a top 10 pick as he has at worst the same skillset and comes from Patriots University, one of the best programs out there if you ask me. 
yeah idk where that came from, I guess I read it somewhere and regurgitated it. I think the point still stands, but fixed and updated.
I think he's gonna end up being a steal for whoever gets him, but that's just because I think his price isn't going to be big
>But from a GM's perspective, you just can't take that kind of leap.I couldn't disagree with this more strongly.From a GM's perspective you should sure as fuck be *cautious* about taking that kind of step, and you should sure as fuck keep a firm eye on the downsides and risks... but can't?Brett Favre  and Matt Hasselbeck both had much less and much worse NFL production that Garoppolo before they were traded for significant value. Matt Schaub had 50% more NFL snaps but much worse production during that slightly larger sample size before he was traded for significant value.All 3 trades proved to be *extremely* good value for the acquiring franchise.Obviously, the vast majority of backup QBs and guys with limited NFL snaps are worth fuck all in the trade market. Plenty of guys with better performance in limited action than Schaub, Hass, and Favre get absolutely no interest from other teams. But it's not an accident that teams were willing to pay a significant sum for those 3 guys: their talent assessors liked what they saw and believed in each case that the QB could and would be very productive for their new team. And in each of those 3 cases they were right.And teams get it wrong. AJ Feeley put up poor numbers in very limited action, and Kevin Kolb put up blah numbers in moderately extensive action. Both guys were traded for a 2nd rounder. Both were total mistakes. In both cases teams presumably really liked the QB's traits. In both cases a team's talent assessors got it wrong.But to say that a GM can't make this sort of leap is both wrong and foolish.
His career completion % is 48%. No amount of experience will help if you don't have talent or if you aren't coachable like Tebow. Jimmy has talent *and* experience in the NFL. Yes, talent matters (idk what team control is), but so does experience. Why do you think rookies often struggle in the NFL?
Flynn had one good SNF game against the Patriots (and he still lost), whereas if you trade for Jimmy you get his rookie deal for a year plus a year to tag him before you have to big him a big contract. 
Lol, you're the one who said he's leaving for a sixth. Nonetheless, I accept. Remindme! one month.
Details of our bet are further down the comment chain. I win if Jimmy goes for a first, he wins if Jimmy goes for a third or later (or a player) and it's a push if Jimmy goes for a 2nd or stays.
Cassel did not perform much better than Jimmy did this year. Jimmy played better, no question. The sample size is way smaller, so that part of it is a very fair argument.
I'd tend to think most NFL personnel men are smart enough to take Matt Cassel as a cautionary tale about the risks of trading for a QB, but not to fall into this whole specious thinking about how UDFA Bryan Hoyer's (who no team has ever traded for or given a big contact and who has been very successful for a UDFA QB) failure to become a good NFL starter somehow raises doubts about Garoppolo.Likewise, I'd tend to think that most NFL personnel guys realize that Mallett isn't really an applicable cautionary tale either (except that the fact that the media talked him up suggests that the media is fond of talking up Pats backup QBs whether they deserve to be talked up or not... but if any NFL personnel department is making its decisions even in part based on media buzz, they have some serious fucking problems they need to deal with). Mallett was a 1st overall pick physical talent with a 10 cent head. He was also a shitheel. He never played well in New England in a real game and he never even played well in preseason. He got some attention because he looked the part in spades and had tools that it was easy for people to fall in love with. But NFL personnel departments weren't fooled anymore than they usually are by guys with his tools. When he went to Houston, it was only for a 7th, and it's not like they spent big money on him, either.Cassel's the only comparison that has any real relevance, and one case doesn't make an actual pattern. If I were a GM looking at trading for Garoppolo would I queue up some Cassel 2008 games and see if he looked really impressive for New England, and if so, might it cause me to ask some tough questions? Sure. But I think I'd see a half-baked QB on an insanely strong team who put up mediocre numbers. I'd walk away feeling very good that whatever the risks are with Jimmy Garoppolo, they don't have much to do with Matt Cassel.
People forget that all the QB's the leave NE are typically already 26 or 27 because they lived out a contract term here.  Cassel went on to have his most successful years outside of NE before he regressed back to expectations for whatever reasons.Hoyer was a UFDA who is still earning starting spots around the league and made an argument this year that he's better for the bears than cutler.Mallet is the only one who actually washed out and even then it was mostly because of attitude and commitment issues, not talent.I dont know why teams are supposed to be wary of Patriot QB's.  None of them have been better than 3rd round to this point and with the exception of Mallet, they're all still in the NFL and one of them is still working as a starter.
Because correlation isn't causation. It's this type of thinking that kept the Texans from drafting Derek Carr. It's all a false equivalency, Jimmy G is not Cassel or Mallett. He's a different player
> Jimmy performed much better this year than Cassel did in 2008FTFY.
Cook has that sneaky power game though at a level that Lewis and White dont have. He wont bowl over linemen ala Earl Campbell but he will fall forward and break all the arm tackles. To big to cover with a safety, to fast to cover with a linebacker when he comes out of the backfield making him a matchup nightmare. Perfect fit for what BB wants to do with the offense. 
That's true, but neither White nor Lewis are as good as Cook imo. I'm a bit of an FSU homer, but I still think he's an elite back who could take a lot of pressure off Brady (and I would hope that we can find a cheap bruiser of a back either late in the draft or FA). 
It's the millions of Pats fans who keep posting shit about the Jimmy G trade who are downvoting me, but it is all about what you value and I simply just don't value 2 starts enough to move from 12 to 32.  It is all subjective though.Edit: words
Moneyball was also a true story...
But it was so realistic!!!
I wouldn't go that far. I've seen Theodore Rex
And Murray is a top 5-10 back.
Solder + Cannon > Mason + Thuney 
blue collar, lunch pail kind of guy.
> Shanahan said recently that he had Garoppolo ranked just behind Carr, so it's not like everybody was whiffing on him. If he has the talent to be a top ten pick, then surely a guy with that talent who has been in the NFL for 3 years and has learned from the GOAT is worth a first rounder, right?> No, because I'm talking about my personal belief here.I want to make this very clear; I'm not hating on the player Jimmy's going to be. Just trying to make you guys temper your expectations a bit. I don't think an NFL GM, thinking the way NFL GMs do, is going to give up a top 12 pick for Garoppolo given his contract status. Because it would be crazy to take a risk that big. Risks like that are what get GMs fired in this League.I think he might be worth a top 12 pick, but that's not the same as saying that he's going to get one.> But if Jimmy is a franchise QB, he's not just a guy. If everything worked out and he reaches his potential (as I think he will) then you're talking about a franchise QB for the next 15 years. Trading for him and then tagging him after his first year is nothing when you consider how important he could be to a team for the next decade and a half.And if Jimmy G doesn't pan out, you've blown a first round pick for one year's worth of QB play. You don't even get a guy you can keep and correct going forward; you have to immediately enter a bidding war with all the other teams that want to take a chance on him and you've lost your shot at an elite draft talent. At least with a second rounder, that risk is minimized.You're framing your argument purely around Garoppolo's upside, GMs don't make trades based purely on upside. They make them as a calculation of risk and reward. And while I think Jimmy's reward will be great, a GM making this call has to acknowledge that the risk of dropping a first for a one year rental is enormous. The healthy medium is a second rounder.> If Jimmy plays this season on his rookie deal and next year under the franchise tag, then you'll have a mountain of tape on him and can decide if he's the guy. You don't have to give him a huge contract until after the 2018 season in that case.Again, you're assuming he earns the franchise tag. That's a big assumption for a guy who's only played four quarters.> I disagree for the reason that the Texans are severely constrained in what they can do and what they can accomplish this year because of the way Brock's contract is structured. They can't afford Romo and they can't afford top free agents because they owe so much to Brock and can't cut him until next year. So they have no choice but to roll into next season with Brock and hope that they can fix him. If they can't, they're banged.If they can't, they're right back where they started; a team loaded with elite talent that needs an answer at QB. But if they'd traded a first round pick for him, they'd be a team loaded with elite talent who needs an answer at QB and didn't have a dynamic playmaker at WR2.Draft picks are about building a foundation. They are long term investments for players that will be there for a long time. They build a future. Cap space comes and goes a lot more easily than high caliber draft talent does, and it's been inflating for a long time. They might not be able to sign Romo and they may have to let AJ Bouye walk. While that sucks, it doesn't really do the long term damage to a franchise that failing to acquire those building blocks does.> To your point, draft picks are valuable, but over-valued in my opinion.I don't see how. Let's take a look at my beloved Panthers and their first round pick history over the last dozen years:2015 - Shaq Thompson. Immediate starter. Progressing very well.2014 - Kelvin Benjamin. Immediate #1 receiver.2013 - Star Lotulelei. Incredible starter.2012 - Luke Kuechly. Franchise player. Backbone of the defense.2011 - Cam Newton. Franchise QB.2008 - Jonathan Stewart. Featured RB. Very explosive when healthy. Carried our run first offense for years.2007 - Jon Beason. Probably our biggest whiff in this time frame, although it's only somewhat fair to him. Injuries derailed him. As a bonus, we also ended up with the Bears 31st pick this year when we traded for Greg Olsen, and he's been our top receiving threat and a cornerstone of our offense.2006 - DeAgelo Williams. Franchise RB in his prime.2005 - Thomas Davis. Cornerstone of our defense. Still playing at an elite level at 34.2003 - Jordan Gross. Franchise LT who solidified our o-line for a decade.Our franchise was built on first rounders. Most are. You don't give that up for the promise of an unproven QB that you'll only have a year to get to know. Because once you hit that year, you have to start making decisions about his cap space AND you're already out the pick. I just don't see a good argument for that.> The Rams gave up a ton of draft picks for Goff, so I don't think it's unreasonable for a team to trade much less for a player with 3 years of NFL experienceThe Rams may very well have traded away their future on a QB who's looked positively awful in his limited playing time. I don't think that's the model that most teams are going to look at. Hell, that RGIII trade is still a laughing stock. If anything, those potential debacles might scare away teams from overpaying for draft QBs, much less backups.
Watch him actually come to the Texans.Because fuck it. We have taken everyone else on the patriots, eventually we have to hit gold..... Right?
> I think his price isn't going to be big             Well if that's the case, then we would just keep him lol. 
A second rounder and a high first are two different things though. If I'm a GM I'll consider trading a second for Jimmy, but no way am I trading my first unless I can get more than just Jimmy. 
And his career winning percentage is .571. That's some pretty valuable experience, isn't it?>idk what team control isIt's where the team gets to pay players on a rookie contract significantly less than they're worth, and prevent them from becoming a free agent for five years in the case of a first round pick. If you don't understand that, it's no wonder you think that first round picks aren't valuable.
Ah ok, that sounds like a good bet.
Caveat: Mallett's still in the NFL too. He was with the Ravens this year as a backup. He'll be an FA this offseason and it's certainly possible some team will take him on at the vet minimum as a backup.
Neither are as good, but we have other positions that need more attention such as the linebacker group, and defensive ends
but I want LF7 tho
how is it a true story? brad pit is an acotr not a gm lmfao
Are you saying you don't enjoy movies like iron man, spiderman, hulk, or thor?  Movies do not have to be realistic to be good.  It was a fun movie, some things were stupid/wrong on it, but it doesn't mean some of the stuff wasn't true.
Jackson should be back next year, road grader in the run game, I always felt the weak spot in the run game was Andrews-seemed to be overwhelmed physically and led to the million times LG would get hit in the backfield immediately after taking the handoff
> I don't see how. Let's take a look at my beloved Panthers and their first round pick history over the last dozen years:That's an *incredibly* impressive string of picks. Probably literally the most consistently impressive run of 1st round picks for any team in the league during that span.Now lets look at 1st round QBs since 2010:1. Jared Goff  2. Carson Wentz  26. Paxton Lynch  1. Jameis Winston  2. Marcus Mariota  3. Blake Bortles  22. Johnny Manziel  32. Teddy Bridgewater  16. EJ Manuel  1. Andrew Luck  2. Robert Griffin  8. Ryan Tannehill  22. Brandon Weeden  1. Cam Newton  8. Jake Locker  10. Blaine Gabbert  12. Christian Ponder  1. Sam Bradford  25. Tim Tebow  19 guys.I'd call 4 of them unqualified hits (Luck, Mariota, Winston, and Newton). Wentz looks promising, lets go ahead and call him an unqualified hit to be generous. Tannehill looks OK and has solid durability. Bradford was an early career disappointment who seems to have turned into a passable journeyman QB. We'll call them partial hits.19 guys. 5 hits. 2 partial hits. 12 guys who seem to be busts or at least disappointing (e.g., Teddy Bridgewater).So over the last 6 years here are the generic odds for 1st round QBs:26% chance of being a hit.  11% chance of being a partial hit.  63% chance of being a bust or a disappointment.
> Because it would be crazy to take a risk that big. Risks like that are what get GMs fired in this League.There are always risks with drafting though. In this draft class especially there are major question marks about every top QB. Kizer was bad this year, Watson throws a lot of picks, Trubisky was only the starter for one year on his team. If there were 3 Andrew Lucks in this draft then I would agree we aren't getting a first rounder for Jimmy, but this is a weak QB draft class according to most experts. This is one of those situations where Jimmy could, in my estimation, command a first round pick, especially if the situation Wessling describes comes to pass where multiple teams start bidding for him. >And if Jimmy G doesn't pan out, you've blown a first round pick for one year's worth of QB play.That's the same risk you take in the draft. For every successful QB there are guys who don't work out at all. So the question becomes: Would you rather have Brad Kaaya, or Jimmy Garoppolo? Because to my mind, whiffing on Jimmy is no different than whiffing on your first round pick. >didn't have a dynamic playmaker at WR2.But if they traded for Jimmy, they might have a QB and elite talent around him. We all said the Texans are a QB away from competing for the Superbowl right? If Jimmy pans out (which is still an if, I grant you) then I think he would be worthy any number of Will Fullers. >Let's take a look at my beloved Panthers and their first round pick history over the last dozen years:The Panthers have drafted well, I grant you. But first round picks are no guarantee of success. Let's look at a slightly less fortunate organization and their history with first round picks since 2003:2003-Jeff Faine. Played for Browns, Bucs, Saints, and Bengals before being released from the Bengals in 2012. He was a pro-bowl alternate in 2007 though!2004-Kellen Winslow II. Not terrible, but injuries hampered his career and he eventually was traded to the Bucs and spent time on the Patriots, Jets, and Seahawks. One 1000 yard season in his career (2007)2005-Braylon Edwards. Not terrible, to be sure, but only one 1000 yard season and he also spent times on the Jets, Seahawks, and 49ers.2006-Kamerion Wimbley. 11 sacks in his rookie year, 42.5 sacks over his 6 year career, two of which were spent in Oakland. 2007-Joe Thomas (studmuffin) and Brady Quinn (not so much a studmuffin)2009-Alex Mack (studmuffin who left for the Falcons in FA last season).2010-Joe Haden (great corner derailed by concussions in recent years).2011-Phil Taylor. 4 years in Cleveland and never played another NFL regular season game.2012-Trent Richardson and Brandon Weeden, perennial all-pros and two of the greatest in NFL history. Nah, but at least the Browns fleeced the Colts for T-Rich, taking a first round pick for him.2013-Barkevious Mingo. Superbowl champion...on a different team.2014-Justin Gilbert, who was just cut by the Steelers, and Johnny Football, r/nfl meme legend.2015-Danny Shelton and Cameron Irving-too soon to say whether they're any good.2016-Corey Coleman. Good start to the season derailed by injuries.So to the Browns, first round picks haven't been as much of a foundation as they might have been for other teams. With the benefit of hindsight, how many of those picks would the Browns have given up to draft Aaron Rodgers or Matt Ryan or Ben Roethsliberger? We know that there are reports that teams really like Jimmy G. If those teams really do believe that he is the next great franchise quarterback, then what *wouldn't* they surrender to get him from the Patriots? We don't know how they feel exactly, but if they really felt like that, then it would be entirely reasonable for them to trade a first for Jimmy.Sorry for the wall of text btw, the Browns have had a lot of first rounders.
BOB and Vrabel are def jackpots i think.
I mean you're basically 3 for 5 right?Hoyer didn't do dirty by you but he was disappointing. Mallett was a fiasco. But Vrabel, Wilfork, and BoB are all guys you're pretty happy with, no?
it's kind of hard to pay starting money to 2 qb's, which is the position you guys will be in next year.  or you let him walk and get far less.  he's being shopped now for a reason.  bb has done a good job of hyping him and trying to play teams against each other.  but the other gm's know he has a ticking clock, and haven't seen much work from jimmy
I mean, if I'm the Bears, Browns, or 49ers, I'm ring fencing my top 3 pick. That's not happening.I *might* consider trading down to get more ammo and then moving that lower 1st round pick while pocketing the extra picks from the trade down. I might move the 12 if I'm the Browns. I *might* trade my 2018 1st (especially if I'm the Bears, who have the best prospects of not picking in the top 8 again next year), and I definitely might trade a significant packet of picks (a 2nd, a 2018 2nd, and a 4th for instance)... but I'm not swapping a top 3 overall pick straight up for Jimmy. Even if I think he'd be worth it, I'd feel good about my chances of getting him for less.
I never mentioned his winning percentage. I'm talking about completion %, yards per attempt, TD to INT, etc. He's demonstrated that he is experienced in those aspects of being a QB in NFL, and no one in this draft has done that.
That's fair, I'm just fantasizing about having a top 12 pick.
We're gonna need to jump the Panthers (or even the Jags) to get him unfortunately. The good news is this RB draft is stacked, so we could wait until the 2nd or 3rd or 4th or 5th round to find a really talented RB. 
How high are you bruh?
I can mock something and still find it to be enjoyable.  I've got a copy of it still, and have put it on a few times over.  Very enjoyable, highly improbable.  The two aren't mutually exclusive.One thing I marvel about Draft Day is that the NFL Draft is so well known as a non-athletic sporting event that there could even be a movie about it.
superhero movies fucking suck
No. I don't enjoy superhero movies because they are all the same thing and extremely bland.
Uh, you forgot Tim Tebow in your unqualified hits section. [**HE SHATTERED THE MOLD!**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BqIrm4H9-7I)
You just pointed out how risky it is to use a 1st round pick on a QB, so why would a team trade a 1st round pick for a QB that still isn't proven and only has 1 more year on his rookie contract?
I meant quarterback wise.I'm beyond content with coaches.Oh and big Vince is wonderful
Jimmy has an entire season left of his rookie contract, after which we could simply franchise tag him and then trade him. That's why he's so valuable this offseason, and will pull a 1st rd at minimum. 
If the Browns do something they'd have to trade that 12 pick down. This year's draft is pretty good, and giving up a pick that high could hurt a lot.
>I never mentioned his winning percentage.I know. You didn't mention an awful lot of the objective facts that would prove you wrong (by your own criteria).
I know. I'm worried he's not even gonna last long in the league because Les rode him hard, but fandom.
Easy A+
Pats first round didn't pan out.
F.First round receiver had 1 catch. Was behind Charles Johnson, Jarius Wright, and Isaac Fruechte on the depth chart in week 17.Drafted highest player to not make team (Willie Beavers - 4th round). The only addition made to the worst OL in the league. Picked what is now our 5th string CB in the second round. And, assuming we retain Captain Munnerlyn, he won't even compete for a starting position for at least 2 more years.Best contributor was Kentrell Brothers in the fifth and all he does is ST.Wasted a 6th round pick for a feel-good training camp story on Moritz Boehringer, who will never play a snap for any team in the regular season.Got another super raw SS project in Kearse, bringing the total number of super raw SS projects who can't beat Sendejo for the starting postion to 3.Also added a second FB/TE combo in David Morgan who will never be given an opportunity to play even if Rudolph regresses to the norm and goes 3 straight games with <2 catches next season.People will argue that they are young and will contribute more next year, but I'm not expecting to see more of any of them than I did last season. Its an F until any of these guys make any kind of contribution.
There was a draft in 2016?Could have fooled me.
A+1st Round: Joey Bosa, DE - **DROY**, 17 TFL , 10.5 sacks, 1 FF in 12 games2nd Round: Hunter Henry, TE - 36 rec, 478 yds, 13.3 ypc, 8 TD3rd Round: Max Tuerk, C - Didn't play. Not enough info4th Round: Josh Perry, LB - 22 TKLs, 1 FF. Solid depth5th Round: Jatavis Brown, LB - 79 TKLs, 3.5 sacks, 2 FF in 12 games6th Round: Derek Watt, FB - 4 rec, 83 yds. Not utilized as much as he could have been in the run game6th Round: Drew Kaser, P - 59 punts, 46.3 Y/P, 18 In207th Round: Donovan Clark, OG - IR. Not enough info
I'd say a solid B for SF.Buckner looks to be the real deal after a slow start to the season. He ended up with 6 sacks and had over 70 combined tackles.Garnett is a bit hard to judge as lineman usually take a bit of time. He got better towards the end of the year (check out the Jets game) and I believe is going to be an absolute force in the run game. Hopefully he can develop as a pass blocker.Will Redmond missed the whole season, but I really liked him coming out of college and he flashed a bit in the preseason. Rashard Robinson balled out. Had 8 pas breakups in 6 games started, and looks to be the real deal. Ronald Blair looked pretty good as a pass rusher in limited snaps, too. He ended up with 3 sacks. I would to see him add bulk and play 3 tech, but I was pretty stoked watching him play.The rest of the draft class didn't play much, but hopefully guys like John Theus, Aaron Burbridge can contribute in the future. 
B+Eli Apple: Started out slow, but he really developed over the season. Showed a lot of potential. Sterling Shepard: Played great. Finished with 8 TD's and almost 700 yards. Passed my exceptions.Darian Thompson: Injured since the first game of the season. Looked alright.BJ Goodson: Didn't get much playing time, and injured for a bit. Paul Perkins: Impressive for a 5th rounder, great elusiveness and vision. He'll probably start next year.Jerell Adams: Pretty good blocker, okay receiver. Didn't play that much but looked good.Our undrafted free agents were really solid. Romeo Okwara played incredibly well filling in for JPP. Andrew Adams and Roger Lewis were impressive in their limited playtime. 
I'd currently give the Raiders 2016 draft class a C-1. Karl Joseph. Didn't start until week 3 and didn't have a huge impact, but was also not a liability. We should see improvement from him in year 2.2. Jihad Ward. Was easily bullied around the entire season. Made no contributions to the team. He was said to be very raw, and he was.3. Shilique Calhoun. Gained a bunch of hype for this pick, and was expected to fill in for Aldon Smith, as the team was still unsure how that was going to play out. He was invisible every week until he landed himself of IR.4. Connor Cook. Was only drafted because Mcgloin will be on his way out this year. Only played in the final 2 games of the season. He had no business playing in either of those games, but showed some promise.5. DeAndre Washington. One of the only other solid draft this year. Was a great complimentary back to Murray and exceeded expectations.6. Cory James. Was given a chance to start around week 3 and did ok for a week or 2, then lost the starting job quickly. Needs more time to develop. 7. Vadal Alexander. Filled in very nicely on the o-line when someone went down. Definitely played better than many of the draft picks before him.
A, Ryan pace killed it 
A.Keanu Neal, Deion Jones and Austin Hooper all had massive plays throughout the season and were a huge part in taking us to the SB. All exciting prospects for the future. Deion Jones also making it to the finalists for rookie of the year.De'Vondre Campbell was so-so. Seemed alright during the season, made a costly mistake in giving away a penalty near the endzone during SB but meh..Wes Schweitzer didnt appear as far as I know.Devin Fuller injured during preseason and also didn't play.
id say a really solid A. elliott, dak, brown and collins have all been really good. If Jaylon works out it will have been one of our bests drafts ever
I'm gonna go all out an say A. We went from 3-13 to 9-7, the draft MUST have been good.
I'd say pretty damn good. A solid B+. Maybe more. I can't really say a lot for Rounds 4-7, but Burns, Davis, and Hargrave really boosted our defense. Correct me if I'm wrong but the Steelers were ranked somewhere in the low teens for defense this year. That's a hell of an upgrade from the last couple years
B, borderline A. Decker seems like a franchise LT, Robinson and Glasgow seem like solid contributors, and Killibrew has potential. 
B+ or A-. Stanley really rounded into form as the year ended. Alex Lewis looked like an above average LG. Tavon Young was one of the best rookie corners in the league. Kenneth Dixon is probably going to be our lead back this year. Chris Moore and Matt Judon both contributed on special teams and saw snaps as starters. Only detractors is Bronson Kaufusi our 3rd rounder missed the whole year and the team has no idea what position to play Kamalea Correa at. 
B+1st roundRankins was hurt to start the season but when he started to play, he was productive with 4 sacks and 15 TFL in 8 games. 2nd roundMicheal Thomas is a stud who should only get better. Don't think I need to say much about himVonn Bell was able to start 13 games and was solid in run defense. His pass coverage isn't where you want it but I think he should only improve with good coaching. He was one of our better graded defenders on PFF. 4th roundDavid Onyemata was a project player who was put into the DL rotation. He was impressive for a player who just recently started playing football. Another player that we hope can progress with good coaching. He recorded 11 TFL on the season. 7th roundDanial Lasco was healthy for 7 games before being put in IR. He was a special teams player who starting to get a few carries right before his injury. He didn't look bad when he carried but also nothing special. For only having 5 picks, I would say this draft was very successful. The Saints obviously need defense and they were able to find 3 players who can contribute, 2 of which were good starters. While WR wasn't a need, M. Thomas greatly improved the offense as a whole by not allowing teams to focus on B. Cooks. I would've given us a A-grade but only having 5 players to pick lowers my grade. If I was basing my grade on hit-rate, then this would've been an A grade. 
Panthers: B1st round: Vernon Butler. He has enormous potential. He has bigger than Kawann Short but possesses the same penetration ability. He has amazing instincts and is able to sniff out the ball but he is very raw and tends to guess the wrong way on run defense. He lost 5 weeks to injury, which hurt his development. If this dude takes the next step next year, we actually may have a serious discussion of letting Star Lotulelei walk.2nd round: James Bradberry. In my opinion the best rookie cornerback. He was asked to do a lot with inconsistent safety play and a revolving door at the CB2. His play style, number, and physical attributes are similar to the guy he was brought in to replace, Josh Norman, but the attitude is different. While Norman is talker, Bradberry just lets his play do the talking. Bradberry missed almost two games (had to leave a game after the 1st quarter) and in those three games we let Matt Ryan pass for 503 yards, 4 TDs (Julio Jones 300 yard game), Drew Brees pass for 465 yards, 4 TDs (Brandin Cooks 173 yards), and Carson Palmer 363 yards, 3 TDs (though a lot of that was in garbage time). When Bradberry was back in the lineup, he held Julio to only 60 yards and Brandin Cooks to only 42 yards.3rd round: Daryl Worley. A stronger version of Bradberry, but also much less polished. It took him half the season to crack the starting lineup, and he showed some positive signs when he did. While Bradberry excelled in the Panthers zone, Worley is still learning the ins and outs of the scheme. Worley is a very strong defender against the run.The two other dudes: Zack Sanchez and Beau Sandland. This is where Gettleman's propensity to reach hurts him. Neither of these dudes made the starting day 53 man roster (first Gettleman picks not to) Sandland had no business being drafted over a ton of more deserving UDFAs at a position where the Panthers have decent depth. Zack Sanchez played one game in the season (Drew Brees 465 yard game) and basically was Brandin Cooks' bitch.Conclusion: The strength of the Panthers draft was in the first 3 rounds, who all have star potential, but only one actually played at an above average level on a consistent basis.
Cyrus Jones was a disappointment especially with his fumbling issues but it's only been a year he has time to improve. Malcolm Mitchell was great and I look forward to seeing his development.Thurney and Roberts also contributed a lot to our campain and brisset and valentine filled their roles. Overall, besides Cyrus and that flop of a first rounder, the rookies performed very well and look good for the future. B+
Incomplete due to a lot of injuriesGermain Ifedi gets a C- though.  He's had a few good moments, but he just needs to get his techniques down more consistently.I'd give Jarran Reed a B- as he filled in pretty admirably for Brandon Mebane.
Tyreek hill and Chris jones...A
Generous B, but likely a C-1. Paxton Lynch: Was not a fan of this guy pre draft and he was terrible in the 2.5 games he got. Knew he was a project, but that was some dreadful football. D- (F for me, hated the pick)2. Adam Gotsis: I like the player but probably couldve pulled the trigger a round or 2 later. Struggled on the field, but showed improvements through the year. Im hopeful he can become a serviceable starter in a few years. C+3. Justin Simmons: I think this guy fell into our laps. Great athlete and was taking significant snaps from week 1 on. Should be a good starter when TJ moves on. Already an impact player. A-4. Devontae Booker: Another guy who 'fell'. I was hyped based on the hype, but watching his college tape he was mediocre at everything, no real standout skills, which is fine. Stepped into the starting role after CJ went down and was below par. Should improve but i dont see him becoming anything beyond a discount Ryan Mathews type runner. C+5. Connor McGovern: Power lifting guard. Super strong apparently. Seems to be built for a man run scheme which made the pick questionable to me while Kubes in coaching. If we switch to a more man run game with McCoy, I think he could impact the game more. I dont think he even dressed this past year even with the shit OL. Schofield and Garcia (moreso scho) need to be upgraded, doubt McGov is the guy right now. D6. Andy Janovich: Oh hells yea. I love me a swiss army knife FB and Andy is that guy. I was hoping we'd grab this guy pre draft and he more than lived up to expectations before the injury. Expect him to be a utility weapon for years to come. B++6. (6b) Will Parks: Another safety that fell into our laps and another guy that made some impact plays in limited action. Elway and co. have been aces in finding DBs and it looks like another solid find here. B+7. (7) Riley Dixon: Ive been banging the table for 2 years to cut the $4M punter and it finally happened. Colquitt was solid but come on. Dixon had a great rookie year and he had the potential to be a real weapon at punter, which is something I never thought id say. Check out his college trick plays or the fake put at the end of the season this year. Nice find here. B+Overall, decent draft of role players with a potential stud in Simmons. Personally, Lynch is the turd on this draft class and I just hated the idea of reaching for a QB with a pirate beard
Was ok probably a C- to a C with room to improve next yearFuller has his hands issues as expected. But is fast as heck and has potential to growMartin was injured this year but the dude is going to be a stud for our interior ol. Really was excited about that pick.Brax didn't do  a lot this year but I really like him going into the future.Ervin was a bust yeah, not really gonna argue that.DJ Reader is THE MAN though. Love that pick and will continue to love that pick.
Pretty good, for once. Wentz appears to be the starting QB for a long time. Seumalo should develop into a starter. Smallwood and Vaitai at the very least bring depth (and Vaitai might be able to start someday). And of that plethora of late-round picks, Mills should also bring some depth, if he can't start in earnest.Add in Steve Means and Paul Turner as UDFAs (although Turner feels more because everyone else at WR not named JMatt is also practically a UDFA), and this draft actually feels quite pleasant after the garbage we've drafted the last 2 years.
C- Su'a Cravens was good when healthy but, like most of our picks, he was hurt most of the year. Our draft was very underwhelming. Still has potential to be good though.
C-Not Ted's best work.  He had a rough Day 2, to say the least.* 1 DL Kenny Clark is not a bust.  He also isn't a playmaker at this point.  Over the season he started seeing more snaps and I expect he'll be a solid starter during his rookie contract.*  2 OT Jason Spriggs has been a bust so far.  He gets pushed around WAY too much.  He has seen the field at guard and looked bad.  He has been on the field at tackle and looked really bad.  He has athletic tools but is not strong enough yet.  He needs to have a huge offseason because if he's called upon to replace a TJ Lang loss in free agency we may be screwed.  The fact that the Packers traded up to draft him (giving up a 4th and a 7th in the process to move up 9 spots in the 2nd) makes this pick look even worse.* 3 OLB Kyler Fackrell was a guy that had great tape in college but hasn't done much of anything in the NFL.  He's not strong enough yet to consistently create pressure.  Packers were probably hoping he'd be able to replace Julius Peppers but they're going to have to address OLB again in the draft to do that.* 4a ILB Blake Martinez was a starter when healthy and played OK.  Not the most athletic guy but not athletically deficient like what we're used to at ILB around here.  With time I think he'll spend less time thinking and more time reacting as he learns the defense better.* 4b DL Dean Lowry He's a rotational defensive lineman that gets some snaps and doesn't embarrass himself.  He's OK but not quite starter material yet.* 5 WR Trevor Davis - he's fast but that's it.  No other outstanding traits and he rarely saw the field.  Not impressed so far.  This year, he was the team's 5th or 6th WR depending on if you like Jeff Janis or not.* 6 OT Kyle Murphy - A developmental prospect, he was inactive damn near every game.  Hopefully he makes something of himself.  He was the last tackle taken in the draft so patience should be in order with him.
B with A potential. VH3 and Spence both look to be long-term starters and possible stars. Couple good ST/depth guys too.
Patriots B-  1st round - Fuck you Roger  2nd round - CB, Cyrus the Virus, moving on...  3rd round - OG, Joe Thuney, started the whole year, performed admirably, needs to bulk up this offseason  3rd round - QB, Jacoby Brisset, looked after the football, steady performance was all that could be asked  3rd round - DT, Vincent Valentine, limited action but stout when on the field, great goal line stop in the AFCCG  4th round - WR, Malcolm Mitchell, great rapport with Brady, clutch against the Jets, 49ers while it was close and sustained the offence for one TD in the Super Bowl (it's so nice for Brady to work with a WR we drafted immediately)  6th round - LB,  Kamu Grugier Hill, with Philly  6th round - LB, Elandon Robert, tackled well, needs to work on coverage  6th round - OG, Ted Karras, very limited action so hard to say  7th round - WR, Devin Lucien, same as above
As much as Grigson was a terrible GM he had a decent enough 2016 draft. I give it a B+.  1. Ryan Kelly stepped right into the starting center position and PFF says he didn't give up a single sack all year.  2. T.J. Green. S. This is why the draft isn't an A. One of the lowest rated players at his position on this year. Will be a true bust if he doesn't find a way to improve next year.  3. LaRaven Clark. OT. Looked bad in preseason but didn't play much until end for the year but he suddenly looked like a potential starter at tackle.   4. Hassan Ridgeway, NT. probably saw more time than anyone expected and he held up.  4b. Antonio Morrison, another slow LB, pass.  5. Joe Haeg G/T. St uggled here and there but was pressed into the starting lineup early. Think he will be fine.  7. Trevor Bates, OLB. Nothing there, desperate hope of finding a pass rushing gem in the rough but nope.  8. Austin Blythe, C. Didn't really need him, barely played, but showed promise in preseason action.
Round 1: William Jackson III (CB). Went to IR Round 2: Tyler Boyd (WR). Really developed as the season went on and appears to be a solid piece to the offense. Looks like a perfect replacement for Mohamed Sanu. Should only be better with Green and Eifert healthy. Round 3: Nick Vigil (LB). Didn't get a ton of playing but impressed me when he did. Ended the season strong making some nice plays against the ravens. Will compete for a starting spot next year and looks like some much needed youth and speed added on defense. Very instinctual football player. Round 4: Andrew Billings (DT). IRRound 5: Christian Westerman (OG). Didn't see the field at all and I believe wasn't even active much of the season. I'm kinda worried about this situation if Zeitler leaves. Our oline struggled last year and Westerman would be a candidate for a starting spot but it worries me that he wasn't active and didn't see any action late in the year. Our starting left guard was hurt the last game and there didn't seem to be any consideration to play Westerman. Might be a bigger project than expected. Round 6: Cody Core (WR). Really came on nice late in the year. Flashed some speed and made some nice plays. I can easily see his workload being increased a lot. Round 7: Clayton Fejedelem (S). Impressed in very limited snaps. Appears to be a solid depth piece and special teams player. It's hard to grade this draft. The two most hyped guys spent the year on IR so they will dictate the overall grade a ton. Boyd and Core both had nice seasons. Vigil barely played but could be an every down starter next year and made a lot of plays. Westerman is a complete unknown. I'll give it a B at this point. Two solid offensive additions, at best starting linebacker/worst a top special teams and depth guys, safety depth and special teams help, disappointing so far guard, and 2 unknowns who could be huge for the team. 
1.) :(  2.) Cyrus Jones: Abysmal rookie year as a returner. Didn't look great as a CB. He has the talent, but can he overcome the mental aspect?  3.) Joe Thuney: Plugged him in at LG in camp and never looked back. Needs to bulk up in the off season, but should be great for years to come.  3.) Jacoby Brissett: Looked okay in his playing time. Needs to develop behind the Goat for a few years.  3.) Vincent Valentine: He'll never replace Big Vince in our hearts, but he was a solid role player in the middle. Can generate decent inside pressure for a run stuffer.  4.) Malcolm Mitchell: Had a great second half of the season. Has great hands and good route running ability.  6.) Kamu Grugier-Hill: Looked decent in camp. Passing down LB. I think he's on the Eagles now after being cut.  6.) Elandon Roberts: Plays the run very well for a rookie. Doesn't have the pure speed to keep up with RBs or TEs, but can use size to play press.  6.) Ted Karras: Backup interior linemen. Good depth player.  7.) Devin Lucien: PS player. We'll see how he plays out.  Overall grade: B+ Pretty great draft class for not having a 1st.
Solid B+. If this new regime hits this draft like they did last year, the Browns will be setting up for a nice run in 2 or so years. Round 1: Corey Coleman looked really good when he was healthy. If we could ever get Gordon back, pairing those two, Pryor and Barnidge together would make for a ridiculously dangerous passing game.Round 2: Ogbah is a legit edge rusher, who showed a lot of potential, despite having some quiet games. Both his games against the Bengals he was a force. Definitely a solid building block for the future.Round 3: Carl Nassib will definitely stick in this league, but he started strong but stalled out big time down the stretch last season. He's huge (6'6) too and I think he can have a big impact on special teams.Cody Kessler can make all the short and intermediate throws you want him to if you give him time to throw. He reads defenses pretty well for a rookie too. Great value as a 3rd rounder. I'd like to give him a full season as a starter and see if durability remains an issue, and if he can make the next step next season. Reminds me of Chad Pennington with a worse arm, which doesn't sound like a good thing but he's got savvy and other intangibles that can carry him in this league.Round 4: Ricardo Louis made some plays during the early part of the season, good WR depth guy for the team right now.Joe Schoebert is a guy I like, but after the Browns got Collins he didn't play much other than special teams. A move to ILB would serve him well. Great value for a fourth rounder.Seth DeValve was a widely criticized pick, but you can tell he learned A LOT throughout the season. Looking very raw in preseason, he looked a whole lot better in limited snaps late in the season and even caught a TD. Considering he came from Princeton and played very little against top competition, he was a project from day 1, but a guy who, if he can shake the lower body injuries, could be another really solid weapon in the passing game.Derrick Kindred is a rangey safety, he showed some flashes but he is not a long term solution for the Browns D.Round 5: Didn't see much of Jordan Payton but he's still with the team.Spencer Drango was part of the problem on the O-Line, but he wasn't a total mess. Too early to really evaluate if he'll stick in the league.Higgins and Caldwell hardly played, so tough to grade them. Scoobie Wright, our seventh rounder, got cut. 
B. 1st round - Will Fuller WR - 47 REC, 635 YDS, 2 TD's - Came as advertised. Speedster with decent routes and speed to take the top off a defense. Hands need work though, and with Brock Lobster throwing him the ball, who knows how he could develop with a real QB at the helm.2nd Round - Nick Martin C/G - IR/Not enough info3rd Round - Braxton Miller WR - 15 REC, 99 YDS 0 TD's - Only his second year playing the position. Saw limited playing time due to injury but when he was on the field showed bits and pieces of development. Has the tools to be a solid #3 piece in the offense.4th Round - Tyler Ervin RB - 1 Carry, 3 YDS 0 TD's - Strictly return duty his first year and has a fumbling problem. For some reason Bill O'Brien kept giving him chances.5th round - KJ Dillon SS - 5 tackles - had some meaningfully snaps early on but ended up on injured reserve half way through the season with a torn acl.5th Round (2) - DJ Reader NT - 22 Tackles, 1 Sack - Started 7 games and looks to be a decent replacement for Vince Wilfork's now that he's likely retiring.Final thoughts: Still some question marks with KJ Dillon and Tyler Irvin who needs to improve to keep his roster spot, but If Nick Martin can come back from IR and earn a starting Guard spot next year this will have been a very solid draft for the Texans. Will Fuller looks like he can be the next Desean Jackson And Braxton Miller improves every time he takes the field. Who knows what we could use him for with his athletic skill-set. 
AIf Dodd or Johnson pan out it will be an A+
B1st round: Taylor Decker - 16 game starter, didn't miss a snap, all-rookie team, looks like a franchise left tackle 2nd round: A'Shawn Robinson - 5 starts, 16 games, 7 Pass deflections, 30 tackles, 2 sacks, solid first season 3rd round: Graham Glasgow - 11 starts, 15 games, improvement over Laken Tomlinson at LG but that isn't saying much, showed some promise but didn't exactly impress 4th round - Miles Killebrew - 16 games, 0 starts, 20 tackles, good special teams player and made some clutch plays in third down packages, showed some potential5th round - Joe Dahl - 6 games, didn't really play, probably not a positive on such a bad offensive line5th round - Antwione Williams - 14 games, 3 starts, 20 tackles, 1 FF, not great but was one of the less notably bad linebackers on the team 6th round - Anthony Zettel - 13 games, 0 starts, 13 tackles, 1 sack, could be a decent depth guy in the future 6th round - Jake Rudock - spent most of the year on the practice squad, didn't take a snap, im very skeptical of him as an NFL QB6th round - Jimmy Landes - spent the year on IR7th round - Dwayne Washington - 12 games, 2 starts, 265 yards rushing, 10 for 62 yards receiving, 1 touchdown, 2.9 YPC, flashed potential in preseason, sucked in the regular season, with his size and speed he's still a good lottery ticket The Lions got a ton of playing time out of their rookies and while they didn't all perform the best I look at the fact that 7 played significant snaps as a positive, plus they got Taylor Decker which is a big boost to the class overall 
I would give us a A because of how good Wentz turned out but also because of the potential of the late round guys we got.R1,P2: Carson Wentz QBI don't need to write much because we all know how he has turned out.R3, P79: Isaac Seumalo OGHe played nine games for us and was OK when he played but not much more. He could be an OK backup for our line. R5, P153: Wendell Smallwood RBA good running back that can get the job done if a starter goes down. He played multiple games as starter for Ryan Mathews when he was injured. He may not become a great back in the NFL but looks like he could become a great backup in around three years once he progresses.R5, P165: Halapoulivaati Vaitai OTCame in for Lane Johnson near the start of the season and had a bad first game against the Redskins but then started to become dominate at the RT position. He looks like he could become the starter at that position once Lane Johnson slides over to LT after Jason Peters has retired. He is absolutely the second best pick in this draft.R6, P196: Blake Countess CBHe did not play for us but is on the Rams and had 20 tackles and one sack in two games played.R7, P233: Jalen Mills CBI think Mills is one of the best picks in the draft just because of the value he has provided. He was a late round pick that has started for us (that is not saying much but still impressive). He gave up a ton of plays but as a late round draft pick that I thought at must would be a fifth or sixth string cornerback I find that very promising. I think he has a much higher ceiling now and could be a good safety or third string corner.R7, P240: Alex McAllister DEHe did not play for us but record 12.5 sacks in 20 games a Flordia. He is undersized but could still end up being a very good player if he keeps on a straight path (he has had some off the field issues).R7, P254: Joe Walker LBHe never played but is something we desperately need because of how slim our linebacker corpe is.
C -Shaw Lawson was injured half the season and didn't get a ton of playing time because of Lorenzo Alexander. He showed some promise at some times, but didn't look like a first rounder otherwise. Reggie Ragland tore his ACL in training camp. TBDAdolphus Washington saw a lot of playing time and seemed to be a solid depth player.Cardale Jones showed some deep ball potential in his week 17 performance, but also showed he was extremely raw and not yet ready to run an NFL offense. Johnathan Williams was a decent third string RB, which is all we could have expected from him given that we already have Shady and Gillislee.Kolby Listenbee was drafted to be a more durable version of Marquise Goodwin. Listenbee got hurt and Goodwin had his healthiest and best season to date.Kevon Seymour has been a solid special teamer and depth player at CB. Possibly our best pick of the draft.
AGot a top 5 pick from last years draft day tradeConklin- All-Pro rookie right tackle Henry- Our franchise running back after Murray leavesByard- Our home town safety that is going to be back there for the next decadeSharpe- made some great catches and improved every gameNot to mention, we have been the worst drafting team in the league for the last 5 years. This was an huge improvement over any draft the previous regime had
A+Ramsey might already be a top 10 CB in the league. Jack looked decent in the limited reps he got. Ngakoue was outstanding on the DL. Really happy with how this draft panned out.
D, but obviously has potential to move up 
So Paxton, no clue. He was never meant to be ready by now. Gotsis, no real noise. Simmons and Parks. Great depth. Literally won us a game. Janovich was one of the best fullbacks in the league in his rookie season. Love him. Rilex Dixon had the best net average for a punter's rookie year and got better with tine. McGovern. Hasn't seen the field. Overall a B-/C+. 
D+, maybe a C-1st Round: Paxton looked lost in his opportunities to play. Granted, he's young and everyone knew he was a project QB, but he was nonetheless underwhelming, especially when you compare him to the other rookie QBs this year.2nd: Adam Gotsis will probably need a lot of development. He had some kind of lingering injury during the offseason, but he barely saw the field even when healthy. Couldn't beat out Crick or Billy Winn for playing time.3rd: Justin Simmons looked good while playing in relief of Stewart/Ward. I could see him becoming a solid starter once TJ leaves. He definitely brings up the draft grade.4th: Booker was extremely underwhelming. He played okay as a change of pace back, but once thrust into the starting role he was awful. Had poor vision, fumbling issues, and was *god fucking terrible* at blocking. He missed a ton of assignments that led to Trevor getting pummeled. 30 year old Justin Forsett performed better after just a week on the team.5th: Connor McGovern was a healthy scratch all year. Really telling, especially when you consider how awful our line was as well.6th: Will Parks and Andy Janovich were both very good for sixth rounders. Parks had that crazy New Orleans extra point play, but he also made some good plays as a backup safety. Janovich is a beast, but he couldn't really stay healthy. I'm not sure how he'll fit in a Mike McCoy offense to be honest.7th: Riley Dixon had an amazing rookie season punting. Has already looked better than Colquitt has the past four years.
B-. High round picks have looked disappointing, but later round picks look promising
Pretty solid, let's say a BJalen Ramsey is a beastMyles Jack didn't play much, but that was partly because Poz had his career year and Smith is damn good. Yannick Ngakue had 7 or 8 sacks, can't complain there. Sheldon Day didn't play a ton, had a sack or two. Tyrone Holmes was cut, we liked him but eh it is what it is. Brandon Allen didn't play at all. Jonathan Woodward was on IR. 
I'd probably give us a B-, not great, but not bad either. **Round 1:** Germain Ifedi, RG - He was not very good to be honest, but had moments where he showed potential.  I'll give him another year or two before calling him a bust.**Round 2:** Jarran Reed, DT - Good pick, played solid throughout the year.  Will likely be a starter for years to come.**Round 3:** CJ Prosise, RB - Was excellent when he was healthy, but had trouble with injuries.  He's a great pass catching back to compliment Rawls running style.  **Round 3:** Nick Vannett, TE - Didn't get a ton of playing time, but looked decent in his few snaps.  Will likely be our TE2 next year if Luke Willson goes somewhere else in free agency.**Round 3:** Rees Odhiambo, G - Didn't get any playing time during the season, filled in for Ifedi when he got injured in the playoff game against Atlanta and stepped on Wilson's ankle resulting in a safety.  Probably too soon to tell with him, but I'm not terribly optimistic about him.**Round 5:** Quinton Jefferson, DT - Went on IR early in the season, not enough playing time to tell.**Round 5:** Alex Collins, RB - Got some playing time early in the season and did not look very good, but looked significantly better later in the season when our RB depth was pretty weak.**Round 6:** Joey Hunt, C - Only played in two games I believe, not really much to go off of.**Round 7:** Kenny Lawler, WR - Didn't make active roster and didn't look great in pre-season.  I believe he is on the practice squad right now.**Round 7:** Zac Brooks, RB - Didn't get much or any playing time, I believe he was cut at one point and re-signed when our RB depth was bad due to injuries.
Totally without a doubt an F- Probably the worst draft I have seen the Cardinals have since we took Wendall Bryant.    1st Robert Nkemdiche-Finally made the actual team around week 15, and saw a few snaps. This can go up but right now rated BOOTY   2nd NEW ENGLAND PATRIOTS (we got chandler jones so hey thats cool though right)  3rd Brandon Williams a CB that use to be a RB, that can't do either of those in the NFL.  4th Evan Boehm Possibly the only starter from this draft eventually  5th Marqui Christian well he is a los angeles ram now  5th Cole Toner-best name ever played in 2 games  Last is Harlan Miller well he got an INT on the year so hey that is some progress
Probably a B+ or an A- for the Saints. Rankins showed flashes of straight dominance but he was hurt half the year, Michael Thomas is pretty much a star already, Vonn Bell was great against the run but a bit of a liability in coverage, and Onyemata was solid too. All in all probably one of our best drafts in recent years.
Probably a B+ or A-; it's kind of difficult to judge a draft without a first round pick compared to those with, but I think it was a really solid draft considering the circumstances. **Hits**: *Round 3, Pick 78*: Joe Thuney, GThuney had some trouble down the stretch but he still started on our O-Line and did pretty damn well. Hope to see him develop into a starter*Round 3, Pick 91*: Jacoby Brissett, QBI went back and forth on where to put Brissett, and it's really too early to say, but he did pretty well when he had to start and showed plenty of upside, which is what we wanted from him. Will have to reevaluate moving forward.*Round 3, Pick 96*: Vincent Valentine, DTValentine played mostly as a rotational tackle on the D-Line, and it took him a while to push himself into the lineup, but he's been really good depth and made some really good plays. Again too early to say definitively but he shows a lot of promise*Round 4, Pick 113*: Malcolm Mitchell, WR I love this kid. Great hands, good speed, nice route-running. He's not a huge playmaker yet but I totally think he can be. Bonus points for making some really big plays in the Super Bowl. Next step is for him to start learning how to stop falling down after he catches the ball.*Round 6, Pick 214*: Elandon Roberts, LBRoberts fell off in snap-count and production later in the season, but he made a lot of good plays and shows a lot of promise. He's one of the big reasons why we were comfortable losing Collins. **Misses**:*Round 2, Pick 60*: Cyrus Jones, CBMostly infamous for his special teams flubs, Jones struggled to make a name for himself on ST or at CB. I still have faith that he can develop into a decent CB3 or CB2, but so far, this was a miss.*Round 6, Pick 208*: Kamu Grugier-Hill, LBWe cut Grugier-Hill as a part of cuts for the 53-man roster. He's currently on the Eagles. *Round 6, Pick 221*: Ted Karras, GNot necessarily fair to put Karras here, but he's not exactly a hit either. Showed ability at G but was mostly just depth during the year. Might show promise moving forward.*Round 7, Pick 225* Devin Lucien, WRWe cut Lucien as part of the cuts for the 53-man roster and signed him to the practice squad. 
Probably a B-.Its tough to rate any draft where you get a seemingly franchise guy lower than C/C+.
I'd say B+/B. Obviously Howard and White are great, and Floyd is nice, but the other picks aren't really stars or anything and we need those because this roster is lacking good talent. 
D-Goff is like okay...Higbee hasnt been playing yetHemingway same as HigbeeJosh Forrest could be okay LB
1. Karl Joseph. B+2. Jihad Ward. D3. Shilique Calhoun. C-4. Connor Cook. C5. DeAndre Washington. B6. Corey James. C7. Vadal Alexander. CAVG: C+
As it stands right now, I'd give the Texans draft a C- for the season. Of our 6 draft picks, only 2 have meaningfully impacted our team in a positive way. 2 were injured before the season began, 1 has been such a massive failure that he drags everyone else down.The only reason why I didn't fail us outright is because DJ Reader, our last round draft pick, has been an absolutely amazing player and I'd personally grade him as an A+
##Seahawks: C-**ROUND 1, PICK 31** (OG) Germain Ifedi: **D-**. I read that he was the worst (or bottom 3) guard in the NFL his rookie year. He shouldn't have played, straight up. He was touted as being raw and inconsistent with his technique. That showed up big time. Some games he looked pretty good then the rest he looked awful. He was consistently beat all season by some of the simplest of stunts. Is there potential to develop? Sure, but most fans seriously doubt our OL coaching staffs competence to develop their linemen. **ROUND 2, PICK 49** (DT) Jarran Reed: **B**. It's hard as a fan to know how well a defensive tackle, let alone a primarily run stuffing one-technique. But the general consensus seems to be that he played well. He had 1.5 sacks. He only missed one game. We had the lowest rushing YPA in the NFL. All signs point to him being a good pick and likely being a great long term replacement for Mebane.**ROUND 3, PICK 90** (RB) C.J. Prosise: **D**. I am admittedly critical of Prosise because I hate injuries and I hate players that lack durability. In the preseason he got a hip flexor then he pulled his hammy. After playing for a game or two once healthy he broke his wrist and missed a lot of time. He finally came back and then when hit he broke his shoulder blade and was out the rest of the season (had we advanced one game further into the playoffs he would have been back). He played in just 6 games. He had 30 rushes for 172 yards with a 5.7 YPC, 72 yd long, and 1 TD. He also had 17 receptions on 19 targets for 208 yards with 12.2 YPR with a 43 yd long. His potential is huge but his 2016 season was poor due to injuries. If he can't change his body to add durability he will be the next Percy Harvin (made of glass).**ROUND 3, PICK 94** (TE) Nick Vannett: **C**. I believe Nick will be a quality contributor for us going forward but as of 2016 he was absolutely nothing special. He was touted by our front office to be not only the best blocking, true Y-TE in the draft class but the best they have seen in years. We had been missing that since Zach Miller retired. In camp the staff was surprised to see what a natural pass catcher he was and what he could bring to the passing game. But during the season his blocking was nothing special, he had 3 receptions on 4 targets and didn't even make the game-day roster multiple times because Brandon Williams, a 29 year old UDFA TE we picked up off the street for cheap, played better than him on special teams and blocked just as well if not better. Nick has potential but what his ceiling is as a blocker, pass catcher and special teamer is currently unknown. **ROUND 3, PICK 97** (OL) Rees Odhiambo: **D**. I believe Rees was coming off an injury (broken ankle?) when we drafted him so he wasn't at his best during camp and most of the season. He was used as a utility backup and at times came in and looked good but at other times he didn't. He is the player who tripped Russell Wilson due to his overly wide stance at right guard which caused the Falcons to score a safety in the playoffs. He has potential but he never played an entire season in college due to injuries, our system and style of play in SEA seems to injure our offensive linemen a lot so I don't know what his career will end up looking like. Oh and we still don't have confidence in our OL development.**ROUND 5, PICK 147** (DT) Quinton Jefferson: **D**. Hard to know what he can be for us because he played three games for us then injured his knee, requiring surgery and got put on IR. **ROUND 5, PICK 171** (RB) Alex Collins: **B**. Now you might think this high when you see his stat line; 11 games played, 31 rushes for 125 yards with a 4.0 AVG, 26 yard long, 1 TD, 2 fumbles. And to be honest he did look poor for almost the entire season. But he was playing behind a truly awful run blocking OL, he hadn't played in a zone blocking scheme before and once he started getting more snaps (week 9) he started to get in a groove and look good. During camp, due to Rawls & Prosise being injured, he got a ton of work and the staff was shocked to learn he was a good pass catching back with natural hands. Going forward his proven durability (three CFB seasons of 1,000+ yards each) along with the flash of competent rushing and catching in '16 leads me to believe he can become a good back for us, maybe more. We'll see. **ROUND 6, PICK 215** (C) Joey Hunt: **B**. He is a backup center and with the revelation that Britt is actually a good linemen at center that is where he will be his whole rookie deal. He started once and our offensive line looked awful versus the Bucs but it seemed to be less about his play and more so about the fact that by having Britt out (hurt) the extremely young, inexperienced line we had couldn't hold function. Britt was the veteran leader who commanded the line and keep those extremely young players playing to the level they were. **ROUND 7, PICK 243** (WR) Kenny Lawler: **D**. He is on the practice squad and has been all season. He didn't look like anything special in the preseason and who knows if he will ever be anything in the NFL, let alone for us. **ROUND 7, PICK 247** (RB) Zac Brooks: **F**. He didn't look like anything special during the preseason, he was signed to the practice squad, released after week 9 and was signed by another team to their PS. 
B
Based off of last season alone I'd say C-
Panthers are a C. Butler showed no real promise this year at a position we were already set at, and guys like Noah Spence and Michael Thomas were available at positions of more urgent need. Bradberry showed a lot of promise, but drafting three straight defensive backs, when they prob could have gotten a running back with upside in the later rounds, was a little puzzling
It's a bit early to be handing out grades but I'don't give the Bucs a B. Spence and Hargreaves both had very promising rookie years and Ryan Smith was very good on special teams this year. The only thing dragging us down was that Aguayo pick.
C+. Clark, spriggs, fackrell, and Davis were all role players, but none were consistent starters or playmakers
Missing a little something.
I'd give it an F, for Fuck Jeff Fisher
We still don't have an o-line/10
Belichick is good at making players look good through coaching and tom brady, so you might want to depress your rating a little from how the pats' rookies actually played on the field. Maybe push it down from B to C.But then you have to consider that Belichick doesn't have top 5 picks to work with... ever (disclaimer: through shitty record, that is) and actually had no first rounder at all this year, so then you have to bump that rating up a little again, which to me ends around B or B-. Mitchell is the real deal, Thuney was good enough, Jones was trash in all fairness, Valentine played and looked about average for a mid draft rookie, Brissett is willing to work hard which is all a rookie qb with little playing time can achieve, from late picks in rounds 6+7, Elandom Roberts might be useful in the future.
A- Rankins and Can'tGuardMike
Top 3 picks started every game down the streach and 3 playoff games, this class is looking good for the future. 
Any Jets fans?
/r/nfl obviously doesn't grade on a curve, huh? All A's, B's, a couple C's, and one F.    
**Round 1 (pick 28)** - Forfeited for deflategate.Bummer. **F****Round 2 (pick 60)** - Cyrus Jones, CB AlabamaHigh expectations from the coaching staff that became evident with an early role at nickel CB, PR, and KR. Sloppy loose coverage and a penchant for turnovers did not validate his draft position or play time and he was a healthy scratch from mid-season through the Super Bowl. **D****Round 3 (pick 78)** - Joe Thuney, G NC StateProduct of a trade. Played >99% of offensive snaps and avoided looking like a rookie too often. Struggled with being overpowered by inside rush (evident against the Texans in the playoffs) but provided a  decently clean pocket most of the time. **B****Round 3 (pick 91)** - Jacoby Brissett, QB NC StateDrafted in hopes of having a year to develop before being the #2 behind Brady. An unexpected injury to Garoppolo left him needing to close out an early divisional game where he looked shell-shocked, host the eventual #1 defense (Texans) in which he managed a limited gameplan but still showed decent pocket awareness and a live arm, and then was forced to play injured against Buffalo and he looked like an injured rookie should. **C****Round 3 (pick 96)** - Vincent Valentine, DT NebraskaBig booty Judy. This monster of a man pulled the third most snaps of our DTs and ended up pulling a lot more snaps from Malcom Brown (2015 1st rounder) late in the year and in the playoffs. Like most big guys he showed a resilience in run support but struggled with creating pressure on passing downs (not that he played that many). **BONUS**- His destruction of the Steelers o-line on their first goal-to-go series in the playoffs very easily could have been the spark that led to our eventual victory. **C****Round 4 (pick 112)** - Malcolm Mitchell, WR GeorgiaSilent but deadly. This guy showed flashes throughout the early parts of the year with some decent catches and then came on strong with four TDs in the final six games. He was a scratch due to a knee injury in the early parts of the playoffs but then as a rookie caught 6 balls for 70 yards and picked up 4 first downs in the Super Bowl. Talk about developing at a quick rate. **B****Round 6 (pick 208)** - Kamu Grugier-Hill, LB Eastern IllinoisReleased during final roster cuts. **F****Round 6 (pick 214)** - Elandon Roberts, LB HoustonA bullet of a man. Small, fast, and very poor at moving side-to-side. This guy picks a hole and explodes through it. He ended up logging 26% of defensive snaps as the early down Jamie Collins replacement (miss you big guy...) and gave way to Shea McClellin and Kyle Van Noy on passing downs. **C****Round 6 (pick 221)** - Ted Karras III, G IllinoisDepth pick that thankfully didn't have to come into almost any games. Not that he's bad, but Thuney and Mason are better and stayed healthy. **D****Round 7 (pick 225)** - Devin Lucien, WR Arizona StateWas released on final cut day. Signed to practice squad for the entirety of 2016. The day after the Super Bowl he was signed to a futures contract. **D****Overall Grade:** B-/C+
**I grade the Giants 2016 Draft a solid A****First Round****Eli Apple** CB - Ohio State: Everyone called him a reach and he was far from it. Probably one of the best cornerbacks of his class this past season. Aside from a really bad game against Philly that got him benched he was outstanding for a rookie cornerback who started opposite Jackrabbit Jenkins and over DRC who was great this year too. The Giants secondary was stellar this past season after having the worst pass defense in their history and Eli Apple was a big part of it. Very aggressive and athletic press cornerback. Needs to work on using his hands more when the ball is in the air but other than that a guy with eraser potential **Grade - A****Second Round****Sterling Shepard** WR - Oklahoma: Despite a disfuncional offensive line and leaky passing attack that never found the long ball and with OBJ having an all pro season, Sterling had 8 touchdowns and was great working from the slot. I expect big things from this guy as he permanently mans the slot as the Giants say goodbye to Victor Cruz. Had good yardage and reception numbers for a #3 receiver who played like a number two. Disappeared in a few games but that was more for lack of targets than bad play. **Grade - A** **Third Round****Darian Thompson** FS - Boise State: He got injured in preseason and missed the regular season. Before that had an awesome camp and looked fantastic in preseason action covering the deep middle of the field. I expect big things from this guy next season especially with Landon Collins emerging as a SS force. **Grade - INC****Fourth Round****BJ Goodson** MLB - Clemson: Rarely saw the field as a rookie and played on specials. Was neither here nor there and was not able to replace Kelvin Sheppard who was awful as the middle linebacker. Which tells me the Giants did not trust him enough in coverage as they use a lot of big nickle, especially with two weakside linebackers and a LB masquerading as a strong safety. Will get a real chance to do so next season. **Grade - C****Fifth Round****Paul Perkins** RB - UCLA: Showed great flashes when given a chance and led the Giants RB in avg yds per carry. Was very dynamic and provided probably the worst running game in the league with some spark. Slowly took the ball away from Jennings towards the end of the season. I see a nice all purpose back who will get 1000 yds easily going forward with better blockers in front. Will be the starter next season barring the Giants obtaining a better back early in the draft or FA. Either way will play a lot. **Grade: B****Sixth Round****Jerell Adams** TE - South Carolina: Don't know how a guy this talented fell to the 6th round. The Giants TE's got no push in the running game and served as glorified security blankets all season. Jerell had a good rookie season when given the chance and got injured late. He essentially got the Giants to bench the atrocious Larry Donnell which isn't saying much. I expect him to continue to develop in the offense. Good all around TE with some stretch the field potential. **Grade: B-****Notable Undrafted Rookie Free Agents:****Andrew Adams** FS - UCONN: When Darian Thompson and Nat Berhe went down Adams who was a camp body for the Giants in training camp was handed the keys to FS and started the entire season. He was never exposed and was a good deep safety. He was a bargain for an UDRFA in one of the best secondaries in the league. I expect him to play a lot going forward in the Giants 3 Safety sets. **Grade - B****Roger Lewis Jr.** WR - Bowling Green: Had some deep balls and got separation but concentration lapses led to many untimely drops. I am still encouraged with his potential to be a contributor. **Grade - C****Romeo Okwara** DE - Notre Dame: I have no idea how this guy went undrafted. Has an outstanding rookie season and contributed as the third DE in the Giants pass rush. Took over for JPP when he went down with 1//4 of the season left and the Giants D-Line did not miss a beat. Had some rookie mistakes but also made a ton of plays. I expect him to eventually develop into a full time starter. Prototypical DE who can do it all. A huge steal. **Grade - A -****Jerry Reese absolutely killed it in the 2016 NFL draft in my opinion. He hit on almost every pick and even got two gems who started from the Undrafted Rookie pool.**
Dallas Cowboys A+Round 1 Ezekiel Elliott - lead the league in rushingRound 2 Jaylon Smith - didn't play in 16, but looks like he'll be ready to unleash the monstrosity that is himself in 2017.Round 3 Maliek Collins - huge snap count at the 3 technique and 5+ sacksRound 4 Charles Tapper - like Jaylon Smith didn't play in 2016, but looks to be on track to contribute in 2017 and would be a huge addition. Round 4 Dak Prescott - offensive rookie of the year, 13-3 record and will be the Cowboys QB for the next decadeRound 6 Anthony Brown started several games and looks to have a bright future. Also drafted Kavon Frazier at safety who looks to be a valuable depth piece and special teams player. Darius Jackson RB drafted late (6th) I think but no longer with the team. Cut to free up a roster spot. Now with Cleveland. 
Steelers A+Burns, Davis, Hargrave all studs with a capital S. Ayers looked promising and Matakevich was solid on special teams.
C.It's tough to measure when Marvin Lewis doesn't start very many rookies, and also when two of your most-hyped picks were injured in the preseason.1st round: William Jackson III (CB) - Torn pectoral, on IR for the year.2nd round: Tyler Boyd (WR) - 54 rec, 603 yds, looks like he's going to be a reliable WR2 for the future.3rd round: Nick Vigil (LB) - No starts this year, but a handful of tackles and a good sense of mobility. Right now he's purely depth and needs to gain muscle but could become a solid starter.4th round: Andrew Billings (DT) - Torn meniscus in preseason. IR for the year.5th round: Christian Westerman (OG) - Haven't heard anything. Purely depth right now. We'll wait and see what happens with him.6th round: Cody Core (WR) - 200 yds in our last 5 games, good WR depth for the next few years7th round: Clayton Fejedelem (S) - Made a handful of tackles over the course of the year, improving on stopping the run.If we hadn't lost WJ3 and Billings I'd probably consider our draft in the B range assuming they didn't play like garbage. None of our picks have been miracle workers but also not complete busts so far.
B+. Myles Jack is probably good but he barely got a chance to play it. Sheldon Day's been alright, Jalen Ramsey looks like a top 10 CB, Yannick Ngakoue had 8 sacks and an INT, second only in Rookies to Joey Bosa. Brandon Allen is probably going to be a decent QB for a backup, but he hasn't played so I have no idea. I don't think Johnathan Woodard is on the roster but if he is he's got way better players in front of him and if he isn't it's fine because he was drafted in the 6th round.
D probably1st rounder G/T Ifedi was shaky as shit but is somewhat promising.I'd be more excited if it wasn't for Cable2nd rounder DT Jarran Reed is the only real bright spot, had a pretty good season overall and was a steal in the eyes of many3rd rounder CJ Prosise.....This one just makes me sad really.Great player but personally i can't see him staying healthy enough to play a full season.If he does stay healthy though he will be one hell of a weaponAnother 3rd rounder TE Nick Vanett is pretty promising but was 3rd in the depth chart.Is seen as mainly a blocking guy but apparently he is pretty good at catching too.I am somewhat excited to see him play if the hawks do not resign Luke Willson[Final 3rd rounder Rees Odhiambo exists...](https://usatthebiglead.files.wordpress.com/2017/01/grab-2017-01-14-16h40m43s228.png?w=1000&h=600&crop=1)5th rounder Quinton Jefferson was all over the place.I don't even know if he is on or off the roster at this point.Other 5th rounder Alex Collins was the guy i was most looking forward to but he didn't do much other than fumble and get some 1 or 2 yard runs for the most part.6th rounder Joey Hunt didn't do much other than play one game when Britt was hurt.Did pretty meh to be nicePretty shitty overall but they didn't get an F because one or two guys seem like they might do something.If it were just based on this year it'd be an F+
Cowboys fans laughing in back ground
Grade: AEveryone that the Eagles draft made it on a roster this year. And five of the players played average to above average when they got snaps.
A+ Joey Bosa
A, maybe A+. Other Cowboys fans have pointed out why, but I think we've had B+ or better drafts every year for like three or four years now.
A
Cyrus Jones - trash
B- for the Falcons
A fucking +
Bad/10
Eh I'd grade it passableI mean the first rounder did okay I suppose and for some reason people were obsessed with our fourth round pick I dunno/s
A+
A+
to list them out.**1st round 4th overall- Ezekiel Elliot RB**. We all know his story. **2nd round 34th overall- Jaylon Smith LB**. somewhat of a surprise pick. touted as a top 5 pick before his gruesome knee injury, but instead fell to Dallas. People are saying they drafted for next year. There's great optimism now as he's starting to sprint in practice. **3rd round 70th overall- Maliek Collins DT**. Due to injuries he was thrusted early and often. He may not get all the sacks or stop all of the runs but his hustle and dedication to the play he's on is outstanding. there was one play where he was completely taken out of play but then spotted the ball carrier 3 or 5 yards away and chased him down for the tackle. coaches love the guy. **4th round 104th overall- Charles Tapper DE**. Injured in camp early this year and stayed injured. fans had high hopes for the guy but couldn't see the field at all  **4th round 135th overall- Dak Prescott QB**. Offensive rookie of the year. **6th round 189th overall- Anthony Brown CB**. Like fellow rookie Maliek Collins, he was thrusted to the starting lineup due to injuries to Morris Claiborne and Orlando Scandrick. He was not perfect out there but he has what it takes to start. he showed enough to gain that slot corner role. the only time I see him get beat was when he beat himself and make a dumb read that will allow receivers to go over the top. otherwise he'll be toe for toe with you and knock it down. **6th round 212nd overall- Kavon Frazier S**. Special teams player. had some noticeable hits out there. He's not Dwayne Harris but he's serviceable. **6th round 216th overall- Darius Jackson RB**. practice squad the entire season. but there was hyoe surrounding him as he made plays in the preseason. I believed in the hype. however he got released to bring up DMC to the active roster and has been claimed by the Cleveland Browns **6th round 217th overall- Rico Gathers TE**. injured early but there were also hype he can shadow Witten and be that replacement. nothing ever came up of it this season. 
A clean A+ , got the highly touted star and the Brady of the draft , it could wind up as being one of the best drafts in history. 
Is there anything better than an A+? We hit on every single pick that has actually played so far, Jaylon looks on track to return, Tapper will likely be a solid rotational guy, and who the hell knows about Rico...
S++ tier, please nerf
Actually, though, I'd say our draft was pretty good.Second Round: Cyrus Jones. Major disappointment. Struggled in the return game to say the least and was inactive down the stretch. Third round: Joe Thuney, Vincent Valentine, and Jacoby Brissett. Thuney was a starter all year at LG, and even though he was a weak spot at times he was very impressive overall and made the all-rookie team by the end of the year. Brissett was only healthy for one game but looked good enough to get the win. If Jimmy is dealt in the offseason I think there's enough to start prepping Brissett as the future of the Patriots. Valentine was an on and off player at DT for us, partly because Branch and Brown were so effective, but he looked good in his limited action.Round 4: Malcolm Mitchell. Far and away the best receiver BB has drafted since Julian Edelman. Came up clutch down the stretch and was responsible for 70 yards receiving on 6 catches in the Superbowl. Cannot wait to see what he accomplishes next year. Round 6: Kamu Grieger-Hill, Elandon Roberts, and Ted Karras. Grieger-Hill Currently plays for the Eagles. Roberts has been an on and off player at linebacker, occasionally looking better than Collins and occasionally losing time to Kyle Van Noy. Karras has been a depth chart player because our O-line was healthy all year.Round 7: Devin Lucien. Practice squad guy for now.
I'd say he's performing right up to his expectations. 
what a scrub
Guy was lauded by the scouts though. I guess the draft isn't an exact science.
Man, Kentrell Brothers was mocked in the 2nd by some people. Holy shit. 
As a german, is Bhringer really that low rated? I was really hoping he could make it into a team and play.
 >People will argue that they are young and will contribute more next year...If people are arguing this, it's irrelevant. They're rookies being compared to other rookies. Every single one of them can have that same argument, so it's moot.Our draft was fucking abysmal. The only positive was some mild excitement around drafting Boehringer,  which more likely than not won't produce anything more than that initial excitement.  
>worst OL in the league.Chargers and Seahawks would argue that. Both ranked worse by PFF
Honestly, our best player from the draft was probably Kearse and he was pretty eh besides special teams. 
Weren't you guys rated as having one of the best drafts before the season started?
Did the Boehringer ever do anything?
Well there was no first round last year. 
Well can we just have David Morgan II then? Cause if y'all don't want him... 
Brown was a mega steal
Yeah, we knew Hunter Henry would be good, because he's TE like Gronk who is also good.
Drew Kaser doesn't look too bad according to those stats. I always just assumed he was terrible after that disaster against the Raiders. Got over the nerves I'm assuming?
Bosa gets the lions share of the accolades, but any time RedZone switched over to a Chargers game, that Henry kid was making his presence felt.  Definitely looks primed to be a suitable heir to the Chargers' TE legacy of Winslow and Gates if he continues to improve.
What about Derek Watt? He was in for 13% of the offensive snaps, that's pretty good for a FB. 
It was a great draft indeed.You guys have a squad to win even the extremely competitive AFC West if your players could just stay reasonably fucking healthy. Both the offense (Rivers I mean come on + Henry + Allen if he can stand on his legs + Gordon) and the defense are stacked with high-end talent.The other question now is the coaching. The Chargers will be extremely interesting to follow in 2017.
A+ is quite generous if we're comparing to the best team draft (Cowboys)
Burbridge was a good ST player. By the end of the year he was the first man to the kick returner most of the time.
I'd say A- even. 3 long term starters, a great rotational player, and an ACL pick who might still pan out sounds great to me.
Fuck yeah, glad Robinson did well. He had huge amounts of talent, the guy was absolutely incredible when he played - Just a fuckwit off the field. Pretty sure I was telling a 9ers fan before the season that if he doesn't do stupid shit, he'll be incredible and so happy it turned out that way. Guy is/was a man coverage phenom, shut Mike Evans down as a Freshman when Evans was balling in his own 2nd year.
Out of curiosity, did Kelly have a big say in drafting these guys, or was it mostly Baalke and his team?
>Paul Perkins 5th rounderthis still hurts my head. Dixon and Perkins were my #2 and #3 Rbs and went in the 4th and 5th.
Thompson and Collins looked like an incredible safety tandem for two and a half games. Really hope he comes back at full strength, foot injuries are a bitch. Another Kenny Phillips would make me so sad
Um... Adams started the entire season...
Shilique and Jihad are for sure on the All-Name team tho
don't know if undrafted peeps count, but Richard looks like a gem as well  
I think Karl Joesph made a pretty large impact. Nothing flashy, but our pass defense was way better with him back there than without. In the 11 games he played we gave up average 230 pass yds game.Six games without Joesph, 291 yds a game.
Everything is spot on. We drafted a lot of guys on potential so I'm reserving judgement for a few years but right now our draft looks like a whole lot of eh. Although I hope the Raiders do for Joseph what the Giants did for Collins and get a legit FS so Joseph can lay the wood. 
I was really impressed by DeAndre Washington. I'm glad we drafted him. I really want to see what Karl Joseph can do. 
You're missing:Jalen Richard:  Arguably our best rookie.   Averaged 5.9 YPC on 83 carries.  Had 4 punt returns of over 20 yards and really improved that unit.  He'll get even more work next season.Darius Latham:  Came on a little bit later.   Replaced Justin Ellis at times.  He surprised me.  Started a few games for us but got dinged up.James Cowser:  Got some snaps later on in the year after being on the PS to start the year.  Held his own.  Project guy with potential.  Made plays in the few snaps he saw.Johnny Holton:  Extremely raw. Developmental guy. Only saw a few snaps on offense but made a few plays here and there.  He was our designated gadget play guy.Denver Kirkland:  When Lee Smith went down he played the 3rd TE spot at times.  Good depth guy moving forward at guard.By my count we had 13 rookies on the active roster and get snaps this year.  That's insane on a 12-4 team.  At the least we built up some cheap depth in this draft.  I give it a solid B- on that alone this year with a bunch of guys who were projects and can bump that grade up in the future.
Bear Jordan
Leonard Floyd, 9th overall OLB: Great pick, A. 7 sacks with the most impressive being a strip-sack where he recover the fumble and got a TD. Even though a lot of people speculated he was too skinny and needed to put on some muscle mass, he still was able to get home a good amount. It is true though that he needs to bulk up a bit. If a lineman got both hands on Floyd he had no chance to break away.Cody Whitehair, 2nd, Center: A+. Future all pro center and one of the top rated centers by PFT, despite not playing a snap as a center until the preseason. He should be a long term staple of our o-line for years to come. He can do it allJonathan Bullard, 3rd, DE: C. His explosiveness off the snap hasn't translated to the NFL well, and it caused a few offside penalties. He doesn't have enough strength yet to bust through any sort of double team or even overcome 1 on 1s.Nick Kwiatowski, 4th, LB: B. Great 4th round addition, and got playing time with Freeman's suspension and Trevathan's injury. Overall has a great nose for the ball and has a ton of pop when he hits blockers and tackles. He made some rookie mistakes in coverage, including blown coverage on TEN TE, Walker, in which Kwiat freely gave up a goal line reception for a touchdown. With some polish in the off-season he will be a staple linebacker for Chicago.Deon Bush, 4th, Safety: C+. Plagued with injuries early in the year, he didn't get much time on the field until the end of the season. Seems like a great guy for depth at the safety position with room to grow. He didn't look quite ready to play a more complicated scheme that Fangio runs with all of the disguises. He also lacks some instincts. For example, when Jordy Nelson caught the long ball from Rodgers in the last minute of the 2nd meeting of the bears and packers, a vet would have recognized that the only way to lose was to a deep ball. Even though fangio made the call for quarters, Bush should have abandoned the flat to double team Nelson.Deiondre' Hall, 4th, CB: B-. Another rookie plagued by injuries. He also is built to be a press corner, and the bears didn't use him as such. He has a great presence in the redzone and showed quite a few nice pass deflections to save touchdowns. However, Hall seems to struggle a bit when he can't/doesn't throw the receiver off at the line when he is not in the redzone.Jordan Bear Jordan Howard, 5th, RB: A+. Howard was one of, if not the, biggest steal in the draft. If Zeke and Dark weren't also in this draft, Howard would have been, with out a doubt, the OROY. 1611 yards from scrimmage, including 1313 rushing yards and 298 receiving. He was also named to the probowl as a replacement. He runs hard and almost always makes the first guy miss. The biggest problem with him was that the bears refused to give him the ball. Also, he only caught 29/50 passes, so he needs to work on his receiving in the off season to become complete.Deandre Houston-Carson, 6th, DB: N/A. Another rookie plagued by injuries. Only played in one game vs the colts this season. Not enough info to grade.Daniel Braverman, 7th, WR: F or N/A. A rookie that couldn't get off the practice field. For how much this guy was being talked up in OTAs, he didn't do much on the field. The first time he received a punt in the preseason, he lined up 10 yards too short and let the kick fly over his head for a 70+ yard punt. Also, in the second bear/packer game, he was thrown the ball but wasnt thinking he was going to be thrown the ball, and the DB just snatched it out of the air. He didn't get many reps on the field -- the F grade might be a bit harsh. When he got reps, they weren't great.Overall I would rate our draft as an A. We got 3 great picks in Floyd, Whitehair, and Howard as well as a great linebacker in Kwiat to develop. Hitting on 44% of your draft picks is pretty good, and Bush plus Hall could still become something after an off-season. Only 2 are hard to tell if they will surmount to anything, but they are the 6th and 7th round picks, which are for the most part flier picks anyway.
My man
About the play in the SB, if Campbell doesn't make the penalty Bennett would catch it and win it
And although Brian Poole went undrafted, he was definitely the best rookie slot corner this year, which in our defense is extremely key, because of the extensive use of the nickel package. 
I forget the exact number of rookies you all had starting on D, but it's as good a core as any in the league to build around for the next couple of seasons.
Man, I was *really* hoping Neal would still be there for the Steelers. I'm pretty happy with what Sean Davis showed on the field this year, but Keanu looks like he could be a difference maker.
Harsh. That was an A+ class.
A lot of hype surrounding Charles tapper and Rico gathers too
Conklin is love, Conklin is life
Yea we had some really good players in the draft and no real misses (so far, the jury is still out on a few.) 
Don't forget about Byard. He started a number of games and Lebeau loves him.
Like we transformed our defense with 1 draft class, thats awesome. Also, Hawkins should become a beast under Munchak and Ayers/Matakevich contributed.
I mean, we got 3 defensive starters and all 3 started as rookies. Big change from back when rookies never started on defense. 
I'm happy Sean Davis is finding success, but why does it have to be with Pittsburgh!? Ugh at least Diggs isn't on a rival team
For a rookie class I'd say it was pretty much an A. First round pick was a home run, looks like a franchise LT for years to come. Robinson came on strong towards the end of the season, Glasgow filled in really well at LG and then adapted better to C later on. Killebrew was great in limited snaps, and even Antwione Williams, Anthony Zettel and Dwayne Washington contributed. Only ones who didn't contribute were Rudock (who showed enough for the Bears to try to poach him and for us to promote him to keep him) and Landes (was on IR). 
Decker alone made that draft fantastic. I'm so high on that guy. 
I'd say more of a B, but the one thing that pisses me off most about that draft is the 3 picks in-front of us all picked players I was hoping we would get (Bosa, Elliot, Ramsey). Can't hate on Stanley just yet obviously, but I wish we got a playmaker with such a high draft pick. 
Damn. Dixon was that good?  Also, how did your RBs pan out this year and progress throughout the year?  Didn't Ingram get benched at one point? 
Isn't Kaufusi like 26 too?
> While WR wasn't a needHalf our fanbase (including myself) would've had you fooled thought with all the Treadwell hype
Unpopular opinion but without Brandin Cooks, Michael Thomas is average. Cooks takes the top off of any defense, taking both safeties, and Thomas consistently was one-on-one with a CB2-3-4.Let the downvotes fly.
I was fully with you until you got two our last two picks.  Sanchez didn't make final roster, which was a huge disappointment.  However in October when we released Bene (God I hope he get's his shit together and get's another opportunity) he came in and, from what I remember, played better than the other slot corners.  Which isn't saying much, but his injury prevented him from gaining any true growth.  I predict him bouncing back in the 2017 season.Beau, was raw, with potential.  He was the 252 overall pick, one away from Mr. irrelevant, so not sure what you mean by there were other more deserving UDFA?  And sure as shit wouldn't say we are deep at TE.  If anything, we need help at TE, because without Greg, who do we have?  Ed?  Also, we did end up getting two of the hottest UDFA's in Cash and Garrett.Overall I agree with your grade, Beau and Sanchez not working out hurt us, but both picks at the time made sense.  We need/needed a slot corner, and we need to find the eventual replacement for Greg.  
Hard not to be Cooks' bitch. He is the fastest starting receiver in football. Sanchez was okay.
Jones is gonna be fine, you don't just forget how to field punts and he's used to a spotlight.
Nick Vannett will pan out once he gets more reps, but he's going to primarily be a blocking TE so he isn't going to be making fancy plays, especially being Graham
Alex Collins looked pretty good towards the end of the season.
C.j. procise had a ton of injurys too. I think we need a healthy season to evaluate him truly. 
To briefly expand to our whole draft:Rnd 2: DT Chris Jones- home run pick, one of the top interior pass rushers in the NFL already. A+ easily Rnd 3: CB KeiVarae Russell- got cut before the season started... FRnd 4: G Parker Ehinger- looked good before he tore his ACL, being a starter as a 4th round pick is a good pick in my opinion. B+Rnd 4: S Eric Murray- Special teams superstar, made the Pro Football Focus All Pro list on Special Teams. Hopefully he'll be able to contribute in the defense as well in the future. ARnd 4: WR Demarcus Robinson- played on special teams, hard to tell what kind of player he'll develop into. CRnd 5: QB Kevin Hogan- was cut and signed by the Browns. FRnd 5: WR Tyreek Hill- tied the franchise rookie TD record this year, controversial pick but incredible on the field. A+Rnd 6: CB D.J. White- was forced into a starting roll early due to injuries and looked mediocre, not bad for a 6th round pick. C+Rnd 6: DE Dadi Nicolas- looked good in preseason, didn't do much during the regular season. Tore his Patellar Tendon so unknown if he'll be back. CYeah I'd say an A as a whole. 
A pirate beard? More like some rapey street magician beard. I hate his facial hair.
Yep, totally agree. Was thinking C as well. Who knows maybe in a season or two we can switch it to a B+ if fuller, Martin, and Brax have good years. Loved DJ Reader getting a ton of mentorship from Big Vince. 
Man I'd love to see some solid development from Smallwood and Turner next season. That'd make me wicked happy. 
To add on, 1st round: Josh Doctson, WR. Minor Achilles injury before training camp kept him off the field most of the season. Had a few targets and I think just once catch against the Giants in week 3. 2nd round: Su'a Cravens, Safety. Good when healthy, but needs to stay on the field. 3rd round: Kendall Fuller, CB. Was considered a high first-round pick before the knee injury. At the time of the draft, most fans thought we got a steal, but throughout the season, he was consistently a liability. However, we could see some improvement with the entirely new defensive staff, including his old DB coach from Virginia Tech. 4th round: traded away5th round: Matt Ioannidis, DT. Barely saw the field, is considered to be a starter after a little bit of grooming and training first. 6th round: Keith Marshall, RB. Was initially excited about this pick, considering he was Todd Gurley's backup at Georgia. Sat out the year on the practice squad, has great potential. 7th round: I think this pick was traded for future picks
Definitely agree: a C- draft at best. Clark and Martinez were the only guys to get any real playing time throughout the season. Clark was pretty good near the end of the season, but Martinez is just another guy.Now rookies not getting playing time isn't a huge deal, but the Packers tend to get a lot of mileage out of young guys, so it's not a great sign when most of the draft class barely sees the field.And as you mentioned, guys like Spriggs, Fackrell, and Davis were actually pretty bad in their little playing time.So the one-year grade for this draft is pretty bad. But I think that some guys, especially Clark, Lowry, and Davis, could blossom into decent players. I think this is one draft class we'll definitely need to revisit in a couple years. 
I enjoyed our drafted only because of Martinez. I love the kid, and the trio Martinez/Ryan/Thomas compliment each other well. Considering our post-Hawk nightmares on the inside, Blake'll be great for us.I still don't understand what the hell are we doing with Davis. We already have a speedster/returner in Janis and he's a better gunner than Davis. Nothing against the kid, but, as far as I could tell, he was a waste of a pick.
If you add in Geronimo Allison and Kentrell Brice as UDFA's, this grade becomes a C+. I think the lack of an impact player in this class keeps it from being anything higher than that at this point. Doesn't mean guys like Clark, Spriggs, and Fackrell can't become impact players, but they need to make the jump this off season. 
Also one Special Teams guy in the second round that gave me a fucking heart attack every time he stepped on the field.
I think it's at best a C.Hit on the 1st two picks with VH3 and Spence, missed on Aguayo using (2) draft picks, semi-hit on Ryan Smith in the 4th round for a guy who's excellent in ST. After that everything was a miss or unknown.2.5 out of 8 picks. Hard to give that anything above a C
God Mitchell was so fucking good this year. I hope he's able to build upon it next season and continue to develop.
I agree with almost all of your assessments. I still have some hope for Green since he was a huge project when we drafted him. Morrison showed some promise as a run stuffer, but I don't think he's starter material. Haeg did struggle at times, but he also played really well at other times, and he was forced to play 3 different positions over the course of the season. I'm not sure that he'll be a long-term starter, but he's got potential in that Joe Reitz 6th man role, since he's capable of playing everywhere other than center. I'm biased as an Iowa fan, but I still think Blythe was a good pick. He played well in preseason, and with Kelly he was never going to be a starter, but having a reliable backup option is always a good idea and more than you can expect out of most 7th round picks. 
I disagree with your assessment on Morrison. Although, I'm a big fan of him.I thought he showed great potential down the stretch. He plays angry and I love that. I would give him a chance. Unpopular opinion, I'm higher on him than Edwin Jackson.
I like Boyd but I think he is exactly what we saw and won't progress much further. A solid 2nd receiver and not much else. Core does have the potential to be a big play receiver but I'd like to see him get some reps in a game that matter for both teams. 
Jones was fine at CB for the most part, he's just ass at returning
Sry bout that babe 
Prob was his man in the first place but Roberts did run down Freeman in the 4th of the SB for a huge saving tackle. Dude showed some speed on that one. 
I'd agree but probably say a B- grade as some change ups here and there.1) Coleman is right and I've given good analysis on why he's trending in the right direction. As Hue said, he knows how to score and was able to hit the rookie receiver average TD's in a season for missing a lot of his early games.2) Ogbah is going to surprise a lot of people next year I think and has a ton of potential. Very raw as could be a huge steal if he can develop some more refinement to his moves. Nassib I'm more pessimistic on but that may be him trying to come back to fast from his injury. Solid depth piece at worst.3) Very high on Shon. Think he'll be the starting RT for years to come as long as he can stay healthy and get conditioned. Kessler I'm down on just due to his TTT. I get the O-line problems, but he holds on to the ball too much waiting for plays to develop. Get the ball out in 3.5 seconds or less or just run for a couple yards+slide / dump it off / junk the down.4) Louis is good depth but largely unproven right now. Liked his YAC ability but needs to work on drops. Schobert was ok to start with but like you said, became benched mostly after Collins. Ok depth but nothing special right now. Devalve will be a question mark until next year since it's widely considered that it takes a year for TE's to have full impact (Henry was the exception this year). Nothing special yet but could be Barn's long term replacement.5) Payton needs to be cut. He had 1 catch for 4 yards while one PEDs? Drango is good O-line depth basically which is nice. Needs to work on blocking schemes.6/7?) Higgins seems like a development project based on where he was drafted. Basically got lost on the depth chart which was gonna happen drafting so many guys. Forgot Caldwell was on the team. Scobie didn't do much regardless of how much people liked him. Pretty sure it was the name.
I'd say C+. You only got 1 forsure starter.  A depth guy and one backup/potential starter.
This seems more like C/C+ territory
I expect Mancz to be moved to Guard with Martin at Center. Martin had that spot locked up early in camp and impressed everyone on the team. Also want to add that KJ Dillon tore his ACL in either October or November and didn't play at the end of the season. I'd rate it a C though.
I've got high hopes for Dodd
I'm always curious why people say Vaitai was a stud minus his first game and Seumalo was just okay. Vaitai was good but not dominate, while Seumalo never looked worse than an average starter. IMO Seumalo and Vaitai both played at about the same level (with maybe Seumalo slightly ahead) but Seumalo was more consistant snap to snap. I think both of them will become solid starters in the future. Definitely a good draft.
Look, I'm not saying Mills is bad, and I was definitely on the MillsTrain from training camp to the beginning of the season, but let's be real. Mills would not be starting on just about every team in the league. He would not even be part on the  53 on a number of teams. The value is great sure (A late round pick played just as well as the rest of our terrible cornerbacks!) but Mills is not one of the best picks in our draft. Wentz is the best pick, then probably Seumalo, then Vaitai. After that I'd have to say Smallwood, then Mills, although Walker looked to have potential from what we did get to see of him. Mills is a project, no more. He might be able to reach a solid CB3 level but he is still somewhat of an unknown quantity.
Everyone in this thread is giving their teams a B+ for having an average at best draft. Yet leave it to the Bills fans to give a superbly mediocre draft at C-. I think the class is about a C+/B- personally. Lot of injuries, but I really liked what I saw from Shaq. I think Washington was a very very solid starter for a 3rd rounder. Williams and Seymour have been my least favorite picks so far. Williams didn't really add much to our offense except compared to Reggie Bush and Seymour was atrocious when actually put in coverage. All our DBs had a down year so maybe he has a shot at improving with a better scheme. 
Lawson was our best pick, maybe Washington. Seymour was awful everywhere but ST. He was definitely not solid as a CB.
It depends on whether the Bills can turn Cardale Jones into a franchise QB, or whether Ragland is a Pro Bowler.
> Ramsey might already be a top 10 CB in the league.Your draft was really good but come on. He wasn't even necessarily the best rookie Corner, and he's not close to being one of the ten best in football.
Do you think they move him inside eventually when Posluszney leaves?
Didn't sheldon day have an ok year?
Sorry but its gotta be an F.Even when taking Goff out of the equation, Cooper/Higbee/Thomas barely saw the field at all. Thomas himself made 2 of the most boneheaded plays of the year.I mean, the Ram players voted Cory Littleton as their ROTY. An undrafted dude who just filled in at LB and played special teams. 
Darron Lee? I know he was super fast , but I didn't really hear anything else 
I had C-. I agree that Burris, Shell, and Peake look promising, but I can't justify the first 3 rounds of mediocre picks
If we re-sign Jones its like a C, if he walks then its pretty bad. Still have hope for Nkemdiche panning out. 
2 is great. 4/5b have potential.Nkemdiche is still an unknown.I'd give us a C- D+ for losing 5a
B-???  That seems pretty low. We (very likely) got Wentz, a franchise QB for the next 5-10 years, a starting (next year) Guard/Center in the 3rd (Seumalo),  Smallwood and Vaitai in the 5th, one a RB with a significant year 1 role in the starting rotation, and the other a decent backup OT, and Jalen Mills (probably our best CB this year [?], even though that isn't saying much) and Joe Walker (looked promising before his injury) in the 7th.  With the picks we had, I'd say it's pretty tough to do much better. Edit: typo
I hope you mean whitehair because kevin white is not even close to great
None of the secondary talent proved to be good, which is a problem.
That flair fucked me up for a second
Learn how to format you Cowbay!
I think we will focus on him just being a corner this offseason, and he will have a good season this year
Thanks for providing a rundown. Was not going to do that on mobile lol
Man, I love thrusting early and often
Wow I didn't know Prescott was drafted so late.
Not to take anything away from the Cowboys' draft board, but there have been many drafts in which teams have been able to pick up multiple HOFers. Neither Dak nor Zeke are there just yet, but in time, they might make it there. 
Anthony Brown looks like the next big late round CB
>Far and away the best receiver BB has drafted since Julian Edelman Dudes the best drafted WR since Branch...Edelman took years to become effective. If he's healthy Mitchell will be the #2 WR here next year. 
Tbh idk if this is that good of a draft.  A WR2 and a lower end starting G with a rotational D-line player seems pretty average to me
**Round 1 (pick 28)** - Forfeited for deflategate.Bummer. **F****Round 2 (pick 60)** - Cyrus Jones, CB AlabamaHigh expectations from the coaching staff that became evident with an early role at nickel CB, PR, and KR. Sloppy loose coverage and a penchant for turnovers did not validate his draft position or play time and he was a healthy scratch from mid-season through the Super Bowl. **D****Round 3 (pick 78)** - Joe Thuney, G NC StateProduct of a trade. Played >99% of offensive snaps and avoided looking like a rookie too often. Struggled with being overpowered by inside rush (evident against the Texans in the playoffs) but provided a  decently clean pocket most of the time. **B****Round 3 (pick 91)** - Jacoby Brissett, QB NC StateDrafted in hopes of having a year to develop before being the #2 behind Brady. An unexpected injury to Garoppolo left him needing to close out an early divisional game where he looked shell-shocked, host the eventual #1 defense (Texans) in which he managed a limited gameplan but still showed decent pocket awareness and a live arm, and then was forced to play injured against Buffalo and he looked like an injured rookie should. **C****Round 3 (pick 96)** - Vincent Valentine, DT NebraskaBig booty Judy. This monster of a man pulled the third most snaps of our DTs and ended up pulling a lot more snaps from Malcom Brown (2015 1st rounder) late in the year and in the playoffs. Like most big guys he showed a resilience in run support but struggled with creating pressure on passing downs (not that he played that many). **BONUS**- His destruction of the Steelers o-line on their first goal-to-go series in the playoffs very easily could have been the spark that led to our eventual victory. **C****Round 4 (pick 112)** - Malcolm Mitchell, WR GeorgiaSilent but deadly. This guy showed flashes throughout the early parts of the year with some decent catches and then came on strong with four TDs in the final six games. He was a scratch due to a knee injury in the early parts of the playoffs but then as a rookie caught 6 balls for 70 yards and picked up 4 first downs in the Super Bowl. Talk about developing at a quick rate. **B****Round 6 (pick 208)** - Kamu Grugier-Hill, LB Eastern IllinoisReleased during final roster cuts. **F****Round 6 (pick 214)** - Elandon Roberts, LB HoustonA bullet of a man. Small, fast, and very poor at moving side-to-side. This guy picks a hole and explodes through it. He ended up logging 26% of defensive snaps as the early down Jamie Collins replacement (miss you big guy...) and gave way to Shea McClellin and Kyle Van Noy on passing downs. **C****Round 6 (pick 221)** - Ted Karras III, G IllinoisDepth pick that thankfully didn't have to come into almost any games. Not that he's bad, but Thuney and Mason are better and stayed healthy. **D****Round 7 (pick 225)** - Devin Lucien, WR Arizona StateWas released on final cut day. Signed to practice squad for the entirety of 2016. The day after the Super Bowl he was signed to a futures contract. **D****Overall Grade:** C+
I met Devin, he moved into my old apt complex. Bumped into him in the parking lot walking the dog. Really nice guy, hope he does well. 
Still got a ring though
I'm all fairness, he didn't get much of a chance to see the field. Our LBs were healthy basically the whole year and we run a large portion of our snaps out of the nickel anyway. I'm actually pumped to see him next year, as he did show great awareness on the field during special teams and we should have a vacancy at Will with Greenway likely retiring. 
I had him as a 5th or 6th so this doesn't shock me. He was slow and would just be a two down thumper at best early in his career. Not much difference between him and Matakavitch 
He has the size and speed to play in the NFL, but he doesnt have anything else. 
He hit the NFL wall really, really hard last year. IIRC, he was making mental errors left and right, and had trouble keeping up with NFL training and study sessions.He's got the measurables, so it'll be interesting to see if he shows any improvement this camp/preseason.One of our current top receivers spent a year on the practice squad, and then 2 years as a depth/special teamer before breaking out. So it's possible for a guy to take awhile. I just wouldn't count on him being a contributor anytime soon.
well he was on the practice squad all year and it's going to take quite some time to develop him into an NFL player.  He has the physical measurements, but playing WR is much more than that.  WR is one of the slower position groups to acclimate to the NFL, and given his background of an extremely low level league, it's going to take time.
It was a fucking public relations pick. We could've taken him on undrafted but nooooooo, let's draft essentially a highschool player in the sixth.
If the next draft is as productive as this one, Spielman gets fired. 
I think the general consensus is that MIN and SEA have the worst 2 OLs in the league.
Brothers was much better on ST.
Mac Alexander is the best player we drafted hands down at this point. The only problem is he's buried as 5th CB until Newman retires, he passes Waynes, or Cap is traded/hits FA. That was such a luxury pick it's ridiculous. I also like David Morgan as a Rhett Ellison replacement type player, and Brothers as a depth player. Nobody besides those three will be on the team in three seasons IMO. 
It was a pretty average rating. Some people liked Treadwell, some people didn't. Most people thought Mackensie Alexander was a great pick. Everyone thought Beavers was a dumbass selection. Everything else was thought as pretty average selections 
Slick Rick drafted what originally looked pretty good on paper. Little did he or we know that a good amount of our rookies were kinda brain dead when it comes to football.
He was on the practice squad 
Nope. He'll be one to watch in camp/preseason this year.
Does anyone remember that guy who went on every pick thread and commented about how that particular pick was a steal lol
Too bad that joey bosa is a good but he was not th e best. they should have got jeremy tunsil.
Yeah, he settled down after that game and played pretty solid from that point on, even getting an AFC Special Teams Player of the Week. Also noteworthy that he only had 5 touchbacks
Honestly my favorite part of our offense going into the future. Allen is great, and Gordon looked better this year. But Henry has top TE potential.
I knew I was forgetting someone. I'll add him
I think both are equal. Their positions drafted were different than ours, so you can't argue production based on a stats comparison, because of course a QB and RB will have more notable stats than a DE, TE, and LB
After years of having a garbage secondary,  it's really nice to have a lot of young dudes with potential stepping up. I know you guys can relate. How has Von Bell been?
I don't think there's really a definitive answer. I like to think that they at least collaborated on the types of players that would work in Kelly's system, but no one is on record of stating anything officially of how the draft is/was run.
Jordan Howard also went in the 5th and he's been a beast. I know a lot of people thought he'd go in the 2nd/3rd.
Naw, he didn't start the first few weeks and by the end of the year when Hall had completed his transition to FS he was playing more.
Relevant username.
Richard was undrafted? Well TIL...
While I agree that Joseph was a positive, I'd say that stat is misleading because without him Oakland played Atlanta, NO, maybe SD, while with him they played some not-so-good offenses.
Wasn't flashy? Didn't he lead the team in tackles?
The person asked for us to rate our teams draft. All of those players were undrafted.
How do you feel about Bullard going forward?
*snap* Yes!
We're lovin Pace. 
Yup, slot corner isn't the easiest position to draft for either so to be able to turn a UDFA rookie into your starting slot corner is huge
Anthony Brown may gave stake to that claim, Poole had a few struggles. Easily #2 though.
It's funny that both him and Stanley were both better than Tunsil. 
I think it's a conditional A at the moment, maybe a high B. Those who panned out (Conklin, Henry) played great, but the others aren't necessarily bad, just unknowns at this point. I'm high on Tajae, but I think we can all agree there's potential.Edit: of course I'm only talking about those who are with the team.
How do you think I feel having to root for all these OSU players we draft? At least we got the outlaw two years ago
I think it was more of a B plus. If ours was an A, then what would you call Dallas'? A super A? 
A stud LT is what lets playmakers do their thing. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BBOUWok8ZlsChris Thompson gets the TD, he gets to spike it, he gets the YouTube video on the NFL channnel with his name on it. But that play happens because Trent Williams is the best player on our team. 
Stanley looks to be a legit franchise LT. It's not as flashy but frankly I think that's more valuable than at least Zeke. Ramsay and Bosa would both fill needs, but we'd have a huge hole at LT without Stanley 
Trent Richardson was cut before the year started. We rolled with Justin Forsett near the beginning, but he got cut. Immediately, Terrance West got the lion's share of carries while Javorius/Buck Allen wasted away. Near the middle of the season Dixon really asserted himself as the lead back, although West still looks invaluable. I don't know that we ever had an Ingram RB on the roster.
Yep. Good ol' BYU mission boy. If a 3rd rounder ends up good enough that I'm worried about him playing past 32ish then he's a success anyways, but still stinks. 
Yeah, I know our sub really wanted him. I just didn't think it was a need like DL or OG was a need. Also, boy did we luck out. 
The one thing I've ever been right about #shhhhh
What you're basically saying is that without Cooks, teams could double team Michael Thomas OR play him with their 1st cornerback.Do average wide receivers get covered by the other team's best corner? And it's not like he didn't make his share of highly contested and clutch catches.
It goes both ways. I think they complement each other very well. When our offense was at its peak, we had players who would spread the defense while players underneath would expose them where they were weak. It's fair to say he's only average but with a rookie player who's only going to get better, average isn't a bad place to start. Also, by mid-season most teams would put their number one on Thomas. 
If UDFA count we easily got an A- quality draft. Big Vern is a very useful in rotation, Bradberry and Worley are fucking solid rookies who managed to be starter caliber players by the end of their first year. Cash may end up replacing TD after he retires, and Garrett may just be our ace in the sleeve going into the next few years.
I agree, hence the grade of incomplete.  I sure hope we get Garret Bolles this year.
Pirates are pretty damn rapey too man
I think Dean Lowry had an underrated rookie season, I liked what I saw and I like the work GB can do with his frame. 
> I still don't understand what the hell are we doing with Davis. We already have a speedster/returner in Janis and he's a better gunner than Davis.Probably hoping he will actually manage to not be a liability on offense, unlike the Great White Hype.
If VH3 and Spence turn into pro-bowl talent (and I think they will) then that alone is a pretty strong draft. C is pessimistic IMO.I honestly don't care at all about late picks if we're nailing our first two consistently.
Having he and Hogan locked up for the next few years will be awesome.
*Me after the draft*Damn I kind of wanted Malcom Mitchell but the Pats drafted him so he's probably going to be badWell I was wrong 
You don't draft projects in the second. You draft projects in the 4th and up.
Agreed about Boyd. He is definitely talented enough to be a meaningful part of the offense. I see his role as similar to sanu. I am really intrigued by Core. I think he has the big play potential that was missing by Marvin Jones departure. Time will tell but as a 6th rounder, I think he will provide great value in his future role. I see Boyd working the slot as a possession type guy. I really like his ability to get open on third down 
Fuller and Reader are already starting. On top of that, Martin will have every opportunity to take a Guard spot from Xavier or Allen.
You're right. I must have confused him with another player in the secondary.I do believe however that both manCz and Martin are versatile enough to play either guard or center.
I think I say dominate because of how bad he was in the first game and how well he recovered. Both of them I believe will be great starters that will be productive in the NFL for years but I just took more notice to Big V because I was watching him more.
Offseason Jaguars hype is starting early this year, choo choo
His play dramatically improved over the final month of the season.Watch the battle between Ramsey and Hopkins in week 15. He was dominant.As the season progressed, Ramsey was taking on #1 receivers 1-on-1 with no safety help. He was shutting down an entire side of the field.
Ramsey locked down everyone pretty much....
I believe he's referring to [this](http://www.nfl.com/news/story/0ap3000000769950/article/yearend-cornerback-rankings-richard-sherman-lands-at-no-1), in which case he is indeed one of the ten best in football.
Hype train already out of control
No. Hopefully by the time Poz leaves Myles Jack and Telvin Smith will have developed into sure tackelers.
The way they used Higbee was so weird, I'm not sure if that's coaching negligence or if he wasn't ready to do anything down the field yet 
Gotta wear that F, just fuck our shit up fam
It's kind of hard to evaluate people on our defense because it looked so fucking lost this season.
I didn't want to seem homerish lolHonestly I would give us an A but you can't say that
I would sure as hell hope Wentz starts for more than 5-10 years.
Tier not tear 
Yea, Whitehair. 
Did you know that Jimmy Graham played basketball? 
> Neither Dak nor Zeke are there just yetNews to me. 
Because he had to play cornerback. 
Ahead of Hogan?
And a starting linebacker and a useful backup QB. And I wouldn't call Thuney low-end for a rookie. He and Mitchell have both been very good for a rookie. All this without a first round pick (and with the other picks being towards the end of the round). Far exceeded expectations, I'd say.
You can't tell how good a draft is until years down the road really. For example: There is no way to know how good Jared Goff is. He could end up being better than Dak, or he could be a bust. 
Pretty good considering the highest pick was a low second rounder.
No 1st Rd Tho...
Keep in mind not too many draft prospects are going to come in and crack the starting lineup for a perennial Super Bowl contender
The key though is potential.Malcolm Mitchell legitimately looks like he has potential to be a great receiver if he keeps building his chemistry with Brady.Elandon Roberts has shown great flashes and if he can improve his coverage skills he can definitely be a solid starter next to Hightower.Joe Thuney is in the same boat. Had some bad games, but the talent is clearly there.So no, none of them were instant superstars, but all 3 showed the potential to be big time starters in the long haul, which IMO makes it a good draft.
This seems like a good draft to me. Three starters/potential starters. 
I'll take it. 
You're giving 6th and 7th round picks D grads for being practice squad guys?  You have Brisset a C for looking like a third round rookie being thrown into the fire?  You're giving a C to a 3rd round guy who you literally said nothing negative about except for him not being a great pass rusher, which no one expected him to be.No one is making the honor roll when you're teaching.
He was amazing at Mizzou. I know he's small but I still think he could be at least a decent starter under the right circumstances. Would love to see him get some snaps.
From what I heard his hands are his selling point behind his speed.
So like a German Janis?
Thielen only really spent one year as primarily ST, didn't he?
Wide receivers sometimes take a while to develop. Dez Bryant was a glorified punt returner who couldn't run routes very well for the first year and a half before breaking out.
> He has the physical measurements, but playing WR is much more than that.And yet Dorial Green-Beckham is on an NFL roster
I doubt he gets fired, mainly because I doubt they would fire Zim and HC usually goes with the GM.
and it wasn't very good before we lost most of the starters.
If Boehringer ever takes a snap in the regular season for us or any other NFL team I'll punch myself in the dick.
>Does anyone remember that guy who went on every pick thread and commented about how that particular pick was a steal lol You mean everbody about every pick in every thread?
I didn't watch much of the Chargers, but I think he was used for blocking more than he was for rushing. 
Yes but  Bosa is the only one who put up stats in his position near to the equivalence of Zeke or Dak in their respective positions. Zeke and Dak were barely in the race for MVP/OPOY. Was Bosa even near being DPOY? And we're also not even mentioning the other guys drafted by the boys.
Crazy how it can change so quick.Bell played quite a bit, he's absolutely solid in run defence but struggles a bit against the pass. The talent is evident but needs some more coaching and adjustments imo.
Nah, it was almost all baalke, there were reports that came out after kelly's firing that said he completely let baalke handle everything and he wasnt even consulted on things, IMO it seems pretty obvious in hindsight too considering garnett was not a fit at all for kelly which is what baffled a lot of us.
I was not happy we traded out of the 120th overall pick with all three of those guys on the board. 
Some NFL.com analyst kept mocking him in the top-10, Ike Taylor? We called him an idiot for it too.
Q: Where do victims of car bombings get treated?A: Jihad Ward
I hate it when people say this
That's true. But if the question was rookies The good to great undrafted (A) made up for the not so good drafted (I would rate it a D+) to give the Raiders a B- overall.  
He could grow, but he looked more like a depth guy. He is kind of like Floyd in that he needs to bulk up, but strength is required way more in the trenches. Edge rushers can win with speed and body control alone. The bears ran way more 2 down linemen sets than I would have liked to see, and that was because hicks and Goldman were the only 2 DL that could do things. Unrien and Bullard got bullied around fairly easily.If Bullard can gain some more strength and refine his ability to shoot the gaps off the snap, then he could turn into something. He could have one of the bigger year 2 jumps of this rookie class. I like his quick twitch to be able to shoot left or right of a tackle to force a double team if he goes inside or to allow an edge rusher outside of him a free path to the back field if they overload one side. However, he needs strength because he got shut down a lot in one on ones and hardly, if ever, required the attention of a double team.
And remember Tajae was a fifth round pick. For his production and the fact he came out of camp as the #1 receiver, that's an A+.
Dallas was a clear A+ but theirs was also somewhat of an anomaly. Compared to an average rookie class in almost any draft, I would say we did great. Fair enough though, a B+ is still solid. 
Bosa, Ramsay, and Zeke would all have been better picks.Don't drink the /r/ravens kool aid.
Shaq is TDs replacement.  Cash is an option at Strong Side Linebacker, but honestly, I don't understand why we are pushing so hard for him to be LB, when we should try to make him a Safety.  God knows we need Safety help.Im excited about Garrett's future.  Hopefully he's made some progress and he can actually compete for a starting job this year!!!
Yeah but pirates are cool 
Considering he spent a good portion of the year in the doghouse, I don't think that's worked so well
I can agree with that, as a GM you pretty much have to hit on the first 3 rounds, or at least the first two. Anything after that is a bonus, like Ghengis Kwon in the 4th.Still, Aguayo is a huge black eye for this draft. There is simply no positive way to spin that decision
I definitely agree on their versatility. I just think Martin will win the job and Mancz will be the one to move. Mancz could win the job but Martin is my pick for it. I think you got KJ Dillon mixed up with Robert Nelson. 
I don't think it's crazy to say Ramsey is top ten. He shut down Hopkins one game.
Besides Sammy boy
Gotcha. Hope he pans out! 
I was thinking the same thing. If wentz only starts for 5 years this draft would be a D-. 
Actually 'year' not tier or tear. Sorry, autocorrect. 
That wasn't until his 3rd year...
Hogan is better suited in a deep-threat role. Mitchell has he potential to be an all-around number 2 possession receiver. 
True, which is why i don't rely on early grades too much, I'm just saying based on what we've seen so far, the most realistic assumption is that it was around an average draft class
My problem with Goff is that for all the things I loved seeing him flash (particularly in the Seattle game) ... he was just bad throwing the ball. Which is weird for a rookie. He'd step up, avoid pressure, make a nice read and then throw it in the dirt. 
Too many people view a C grade as a bad thing. It just means average to me. VV was an average level rotational guy with occasional flashes of great play. For that I give him a C.
He likely will. Greenway, our 3rd LB, is likely to retire this year.
Well whatever he's good and bad at he got shutdown by CB6s and CB7s in the preseason. Comparable to Babatunde Aiyegbusi. Just outclassed. No business even being on the field. And we spent a draft pick on him. 
2014 and 2015 he was mainly a special teams player, although he had a couple of starts in 2015 due to injury.He spent 2013 on the practice squad.
RemindMe! 7 months
Every pick except the undraftable eli apple ofcourse 
No, we drafted Willie Beavers in the 4th which was a head scratcher by all accounts. He also didn't even make the team.
Which he wasn't used enough for. That's what I meant
Henry put up 8 TDs while splitting time with a HOFer who also got 8 TDs. Elliot and Dak didn't split time with anyone. Also, Jatavis was looking like a DROY candidate before his injury
Fat Rob Kelley looks like an absolute monster though. I thought he may have been the most underrated player in the league this year, not exaggerating. Looks like a young Beast.
me too, and I thought about that when I said it, but it was just too perfect.
Great explanation!Stanley had a great rookie year, and we have absolutely no candidates to replace him on the roster. Do I think if Dallas had taken our trade offer that we would have picked Ramsey and tried to tough it out with Monroe for another year? Yes, but that doesn't mean that it would have been the best move going forward. Its not kool-aid to think that CB, EDGE, and LT are all more valuable positions than RB. They simply are. 
its almost as if a great line would help a running back hmmm
>Yeah but pirates are coolI knew Broncos fans thought butt pirates are cool.
Yeah, but if someone broke into your house, would you rather it be a pirate or the rapey street magician?
He spent his rookie year in the doghouse.  He'd still need two more years there to compare to Janis' accomplishment on offense in that regard.Dude was a rookie 5th round pick coming from one of the simplest offenses in college football to one of the most complex systems for a WR in the NFL.  I highly doubt the Packers FO/coaches had too many expectations for his rookie year.
That's the one.
That wasn't that difficult to do this year.
He also let Dorsett get by him for a 60 yard TD. 
He had one blown play which was most of watkins yardage. Still held him to 80yds which isnt awful but he completely shut down amari and hopkins who are better than sammy imo
The guy is barley 24. Even if he played for 10 years, that's still a short career for a franchise QB.
Hahaha thought it was peculiar you used the term tier 1
> number 2 possession receiver.Agreed, but that would probably put him as the #3 WR. Typically the deep threat and the best possession receiver are regarded as the #1 & 2
I'm okay with that considering we didn't have a first rounder.
It's a case of everything is good about him except for the actual throw and I feel like coaches, especially one like McVay, can fix that. I'm sorry that Sherm lit that dude up, by the way. Funny as hell but so sorry.
As a Cal Bears fan, you're basically describing every QB from here not named Rodgers
What would you consider a C for a first round pick?  Is C acceptable to you, when grading a FO?
Can't wait to see what European who will never make the team we'll draft this season.
But it's still not as good of a draft no matter how you twist it. A solid A though.
I mean we all love Fat Rob, and the value he brings as an UDFA is insane, but we traded out of the 4th with all three of those guys on the board and I think all three of them would have done work for us both this year and in years to come.
Except Zeke was a top 3 RB, and Stanley was a pretty average LT.Having a top 3 RB for the next 10 years is a lot more valuable than an average Lt.Maybe Stanley will become an absolute monster, Ogden level LT, but for now you can't say that.
That was the safetys fault
Both Watkins, Coop and Hopkins had down years. You're not exactly convincing me that Ramsey is lockdown or even close to top 10. He's good for a rook, but I can list far more than 10 CBs that are better than him right now.
Yea i would hope he starts for us for 12 years minimum. That would put him at 36. That's a franchise qb. 
I think the Patriots case is a little different however, with Edelman being the unorthodox number 1
Yeah that makes sense
I'm not super confident in him coming into the season but I hope he makes a leap there, adjusted stats shit all over him last season haha.And that's all good, he got his welcome to the league moment from a Seahawks which seems fitting. 
I tried to limit my grades to performance without weighing my expectations into it too much. That being said, the first four games or so usually tell the coach's story as to what they expect from their rookies, and a bump in play time throughout the year typically means they are developing and surpassing early expectations (not counting injury replacement out of necessity) and loss of playing time usually means the opposite is true in terms of whether they are failing to meet the coach's expectations.I gave our two B's to players that I believe played above average for rookies (regardless of when they were picked) because one ranked top-10 in rookie receiving yards and the other played more than 99% of snaps and revitalized an ailing o-line from the year before. I gave the C's to players that I believe played average as rookies in terms of production and readiness to assist the team as rookies. I gave the D's to players that either received none to almost no playing time due to inability to merit it in their rookie season or in Jones' case losing the coaching staff's early trust and finding himself inactive. The F's were saved for players that are in no way attached to the team anymore due to lack of perceived use.Following that same grading scale, I would say a C grade for a first round pick would be a player capable of receiving situational snaps at the very least and being able to compete for snaps with non-rookie players at the most. Any more than that and they would be closing in on a B.I would say a C grade FO is average and described as a fringe playoff team with no legitimate Super Bowl chances. The constant turnover of NFL FOs makes it tough to gauge that though, because average to me in this sense isn't so much relative to the other 31 teams but more so an objective look at your ability to build/maintain a competitive roster over an extended period of time. With the NFL being crafted to force parity a team that consistently is fringe-playoff level may be seen as average year in and year out, but being able to remain competitive year in and year out is actually significantly above average in the NFL. Cincinnati for example, prior to this year they had clinched a playoff birth in six straight years while never managing to advance in said playoffs. While never meeting the ultimate goal of winning it all, they were still a significantly above average franchise in that time period due to the level of disparity they forced. I would give them an A for that stretch while most people I know would not come close to that.
First was an UDFA, latest was drafted. Pattern continues we are gonna trade for one soon.
Stanley was only pretty average immediately after returning from his injury. After he got back in the groove of things he played at a rather high level. 
Stanley was the best ranked tackle the last 4 weeks of the year though. He was bad after his injury but he came back strong and he will (very likely) solve our issues at LT. Sure, this year he might not have been as valuable as Zeke, but he'll be alright if he keeps up the play from the end of the year. 
Ah my bad. 
Then list them...
He's definitely a possession receiver, so not that weird. Then Hogan would be 2, Mitchell 3. Which is pretty awesome actually, can't wait. 
To be totally honest, something about Goff makes me like him. Kind of like an Alex Smith on steroids, and I think he can develop quicker than Smith did too. McVay can be to Goff what Harbaugh was to Alex.
They can't get down to the floor. This season the 49ers got fined for the same reason and I think someone from Tennessee was fined as well cause he went down and pretend he was asleep
The rules include no going to the ground for celebrations.  
That rule is not cool
I only vaguely remember this incident...but I will always remember Patriots' longsnapper Lonie Paxton doing a snow angel in the end zone after Vinatieri's game winning kick in the Snow Bowl. And then he did it again in the Superdome when they beat the Rams.
Did Tebow ever get fined for Tebowing? That's going to the ground
Video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XFObX9cgHFs 
Here's the video:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XFObX9cgHFsCassel-Welker touchdown sounds weird.
Bless you Lonie Paxton
I love how the NFL is moving a team to Las Vegas, aka Celebration City, Sin City, all that jazz, and there is still a draconian intolerance for any sort of on-field celebration.Football game in Vegas?Prostitution? Legal.Celebration with teammates? Illegal.What if a player were to bring a prostitute on the field and celebrate with her? Is that legal? Would that be considered using a prop?
Tajae Sharpe was the Titan IIRC.
>They can't get down to the floor.https://youtu.be/ciqnOcdhI7w
I like that rule after thinking about it.
Fun fact: There was a player who made a snow angel this year that wasn't fine because he was already on the ground after the play so it wasn't going to the ground. 
Time had expired & the confetti had fallen though. I can't believe no one made a snow angel in the 2009 Titans game though.
That and the image of Tommy throwing his hands onto his head in disbelief that they actually won are the two images I'll always think of first when I think of that game. It really got across how emotional and joyous of a moment that was for those guys. 
I know you're probably joking, but religious expression is allowed. The NFL penalized Husain Abdullah for going to his knees in a Muslim prayer but quickly released a statement the next day saying it should have been allowed. >Rule 12, Section 3, Article 1 (d) states 'players are prohibited from engaging in any celebrations or demonstrations while on the ground.' However, **the officiating mechanic in this situation is not to flag a player who goes to the ground as part of religious expression,** and as a result, there should have been no penalty on the play.
Wow 27-0. If it were any closer, I'd say they might be able to come back and win in OT
> aka Celebration CityNot only have I never heard this before, a quick google search returns nothing to do with Vegas. Lots of Branson, but no Vegas. In fact, googling Celebration City Vegas *still* doesn't return any results calling Vegas that. 
If I remember right, isn't prostitution legal everywhere in Nevada EXCEPT Vegas?
> What if a player were to bring a prostitute on the field and celebrate with her? Is that legal? Would that be considered using a prop?Your logic is so weird. Could the seahawks bring weed on the field for a celebration because weed is legal? There's a difference between laws and football rules and there is no law or rule that says they have to resemble one another in the states they play in. 
The league allows celebrations with certain limits and prostitution is not legal in Vegas
Yes, it was his first TD and he didn't know the rule.
Ok, but what about in domes?
Good for you, but I'm afraid it's a dumb rule.
Randall Cobb?[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TW5QIkqr-d4](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TW5QIkqr-d4)He didn't get a flag either but that's probably because the refs fix the games for us
Thats fantastic.  I hope all the players lurking remember that one.Because Snow angels are cool.
It was Cobb. He caught it and hit the ground and made one before getting back up. 
This is the one true loophole right here
Oh so that's why I didn't hear about a fine for that play. I saw it happen and was confused as to why it didn't get the same treatment as this Welker play.
I know that's presumably why he never got penalized, I wasn't questioning any double standard or anything, just saying that Lonnie is the definitive Pats snow angel maker 
Snow *angels* aren't considered religious? ^/s
I heard it was because he slid instead of just dropping but I don't know shit so
I thought he got the flag for sliding into the end zone?
I thought it was like one or two small areas, both of which aren't Vegas. 
It's legal in counties with a population of less than 250K.  So it's illegal in Vegas and Reno (I think) proper, but right over the county line it's ok. In practice, police tend to look the other way a lot in Vegas. 
Its legal in many places in Nevada but not all. If I remember correctly the closest legal brothel to Vegas is about a half hour cab ride. 
wellllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllwoopsanyway, my point was that I funny that the NFL is moving a team to Vegas, a city where people's main goal of visiting is to party and celebrate, yet still have draconian celebration crackdowns for the players playing within that city
[removed]
Might wanna keep that on the low. We'll discuss it on the next shareholder meeting 
Man you guys too? Guess we're gonna need to throw some extra cash into their pockets. 
Whoops! My bad
[removed]
I'll bring the seasonal fruit basket 
[removed]
Yes, fruit-shaped cheese basket.
[removed]
Amazing how little has happened for him since leaving Peyton.
He's been used like shit here honestly. His strengths have always been going downfield and we have him running 5 yard outs all game. Plus Bortles is trash 
Hopefully Marrone and Hackett play to JT's strengths and mainly use him as a receiver rather than asking him to gain weight and help block like Gus did.Oh who am I kidding, they're gonna ask JT to block again and he'll get injured because of it. 
I miss having a TE that could do stuff in the red zone...or anywhere else on the field for that matter. 
10% of every check this dude gets should be given as tithe to Peyton.
Was hoping he would be cut and we could reunite him with Gase. Would be a great fit. 
...but why? 
Crazy how he was a superstar for one season then disappears 
the topic was discussed after sex + a jazz cigarette 
Bad Move
Do NFL owners love throwing away/wasting money?? His ass would've been gone the day after the SB, and I would've spent that 3 million on someone who REALLY wanted/cared to play.. This guy was a waste in his final year with Denver, and has played like shit, and probably faked all his injuries since Jacksonville OVER payed him and his father. 
Yet if the Jags cut him I'd be all for signing him. You can't teach the physical tools he has.
With Bennett looking like he's leaving I was looking forward to adding Thomas 
I remember when he was on the Broncos he said I can't believe how easy this is referring to catching constant touchdowns.As if other players had a choice and just decided not to catch constant TDs
I keep saying. Apart from Harrison and kind of Wayne, every single successful WR/TE has been worse without Manning.
It's nice for once to see a Jags fan actually admit Bortles is trash. 
2014 - Bortles sucks2015 - Bortles is going to be a good franchise QB2016 - Bortles sucksYou'll fit right in with the rest of our knee jerk fanbase.
Thomas could help out by putting some effort in and show some of his physical attributes instead of getting pushed off his routes by tiny cornerbacks.
I don't want to sound ignorant but I don't have that much faith in Marrone.
I believe in Derby and Hugherman, Derby legit looked good......when he wasn't dropping the ball *sigh
Isn't that sentence redundant 
JT's biggest issue is if he gets a scratch he won't play, he won't play unless he is 100% healthy. No toughness but when he is good to go he is a beast
You've already got Olsen don't get greedy!
Tools don't matter if he can't stay healthy
Gase and the Dolphins would be all over that
you really don't want to. he can't use those physical tools if he's never healthy 
Yeah he has the amazing ability to be 6'5 270 yet gets pushed off routes and jump balls by tiny cornerbacks. 
Between him and Gronk you might get to a full 16 games.
Yeah I still believe he's a good tight end, just not being used effectively in an anemic Jags offense. I'd salivate over the prospect of him in a 2 TE set with a healthy Gronkowski
Granted I'm a newly minted Jaguars fan (ex-Chargers fan), Bortles is trash.  A lot of people equate his fantasy football numbers to QB talent while not actually seeing the awful reads/throws Bortles makes and his wildly inconsistent mechanics.  I hope he can put it together at some point, but I'm not optimistic.
Plenty of Jags fans don't think that Bortles is great, we are just annoyed because the criticisms of him are often incorrect and from folks who do not watch us play. 
He'll be fine. 
I'd say its about 75-25. 75% of the fan base thinks he can be good, the other 25% is ready to move on.
I thought everyone was pumped with Bortles in 2014. The offense moved the ball a lot, he just couldn't score. I still love me some Bortles and hope he bounces back this year. 
we just had 4 years of Gusanything is better than him
I dont. Derby is a cast off and Hueurman can't stay healthy. I think they'd both be great depth but neither is exactly starting material. 
Well, I suppose the 10% could be given for other reasons...>10% of every check this dude gets should be given to Peyton for that sweet HGH.
Our OC believes that a second TE is what we really needs for his system. Personally, I think he's just incompetent but since we committed to him this offseason, we might as well try to give him the pieces he thinks he needs.
Man with Pats flair complains that others want too many TEs
he had great stats with Peyton, but JT gives new meaning to soft player
I think it's more the fact that he's injured seemingly all the time.
please no. a thomas/gronk combo would outperform what we saw with hernandez/gronk every week. 
From one downtrodden team to another, keep it rollin.
Not trying to be a dick, but why the Jags? Are you from there, or were you afraid to choose an already good team or something? Again, not trying to be a dick, just curious since the teams are on opposite sides of the country  edit: damn, people, I'm not judging him for rooting for the Jaguars 
I think the most Jaguars thing that could happen is the franchise listens to the fans, cut him, he signs with the Steelers, and becomes Big Ben 2.0 and wins 2 Super Bowls.
Your in for a surprise 
I'd say give Derby a season to prove himself or not.
Big bodied recievers seem to work well with Cam
trade back and draft oj howard.
>we might as well try to give him the pieces he thinks he needs.The Bears did the same thing when they traded Greg Olson :(
I was reading about how Hunter Henry was going to be your pick until that fella you drafted fell to you
We traded away Derby and will likely lose Bennet.
yeah idk if anyone ever legitimately buys a julius thomas jersey. i assume most fans of the teams he's on hate him for always sitting out and getting worked by smaller dudes 
not trying to be a dick, but not trying to be a dick, but not trying to be a dick, but bandwagon?
> Were you afraid to choose an already good team or something?wat
I wouldn't be opposed to this. 
Ah yes, so hard to not top the worst coach ever
both would be nice compliments to OJ Howard
An extra blocker wouldn't hurt a damn thing either...
Funchess and Benjamin didn't do so hot last year 
My dream for this draft is that we're able to snag Fournette with the 8th overall and Howard with the 40th. It's not unreasonable to think a TE might fall to the top of the second.I'm hyped. A team with as few legit needs as us should not be drafting top ten. We could do a lot of damage drafting from that spot.
You had Hernandez before he went murdery and still went out to get Bennett despite Gronk
Ironic that the Pats fan says it right?
I wasn't criticizing him for rooting for the Jags. I was wondering how they became his new team, since the Jags and Chargers are on opposite sides of the country. No need to get defensive 
I honestly foresee it. Him and Ben are very very similar.
That would be the most jaguar thing ever tho and I live in duuuval
Thomas isn't a great blocker is he, thought he was more like Graham
Hard to do well when your qb is playing sub par.
Yeah, because our shit OC sent them 40 yards down the field on every passing play.
fuchess was good i think, at least compared to expectations. how much do you really expect out of your 3rd target.
>A team with as few legit needs as us should not be drafting top ten. We could do a lot of damage drafting from that spot.shame really, I feel like this draft is quite backwards for the panthers needs other than edgelast year was a historic draft for OT's. best case scenario would be fournette and bolles at 40 i think.
Oj won't fall that far David Njoku or whatever you spell it might. 
I get wanting fournette. but Desmond King would be perfect for you guys. 
Gronk, well known for his health and full season production.
Pats bandwagon. I believe he's a Chefs fan but went all out on the bandwagon. 
He's a chiefs fan
Aside from physically looking similar, I don't see it. Bortles can't read a defense and his mechanics are garbage. Roethlisberger has consistent mechanics and can read a defense. 
Graham was actually forced to become a solid blocker in the Run first system
Neither is Olsen, that's the reason the Bears let him go.
Thomas is one of the worst blocking tight ends in the league
He is a decent blocker, he is dangerous because you have to use a safety to cover him when he splits out; it allowed Denver to manipulate the defensive box when they chose to run the ball when he was there.
Hard to do when your OC sends everyone deep and you o-line is battered up.
More than 371 yards and 23 catches on 58 targets, and he was a high 2nd rounder, those typically come with high expectations 
We'll probably make due with some FA signings at OT. But the entire offense would be elevated if we manage to land Fournette. The threat he and Cam represented in the backfield would force teams to take pressure off the passing game.I'd like to see us go RB in the first and edge in the second. I know we need OTs, but if the talent's not there, the talent's not there.
Yeah, OJ Howard is the best TE prospect to come out in years. I'd be surprised if he makes it to the bottom half of the first.
We don't need a CB. We need a RB a lot more than a CB.
Are we taking about health issues in a thread about Julius Thomas? 
Who are the Chefs?
His mechanics are garbage, but that was known well before he was drafted. That's totally on the previous coaching staff. And he's not too dumb to read a defense. Again, this is something that most quarterbacks can't do at 23. They're taught this.Bortles is 23, and has only had trash coaching. Roethlisberger is like 35 and has had 2 successful coaches throughout his career.To even try to compare the 2 fairly is laughable at best.
Good work from your coaches then! Definitely one of the stronger staffs in the NFL.
He's improved immensely since he joined the Panthers. Not that Olsen is a great blocker but he is more than adequate now.
The Bears let him go because your OC at the time didn't believe in a recieving threat at TE.  Had nothing to do with his blocking.
Funchess has been insanely overrated since his college days.
Weak crop of FA tackles too. I'm assuming the panthers are out on the expensive ones like Wagner.Really gotta hope Oher can pull through I think. 
Yeah if we needed a tight end i would say lets take him if davis, cook, fournette don't fall to us. But honestly we are in the perfect spot for a top 10 guy to fall to us. 
You brought him up
Andy Reid's favorite team, duhhh.
Great googly moogly...
Chiefs. 
He headed out like top ten for blocking TE's last year according to PFF.
Yeah, all year and a half ago. Give him some time to progress. 
If Oher comes back, our position is dramatically different. We're in reasonably good shape. A signing like Matt Kalil could shore up the right side a bit and we'll be able to kick the can down the road.But if Oher has to retire (and I think that's the most likely possibility) I think we have to seriously consider shooting for Wagner.
You tried to take all the TEs for yourselves
Andy Reid is the type of guy to go cow hunting.
Woody Paige is a fucking legend. I remember watching him on OTH as a kid and thinking he was a goofball but he is a smart and good man. 
I loved Kenny McKinley at South Carolina and was rooting hard for him in Denver. I was pretty shaken up when the news broke about his death, such a tragic story.I read this story every so often and I'm always so happy Woody told his story. It's really important stuff to hear.
Diabetes can make you depressed? 
[removed]
He seems pretty good on around the horn.  He's awesome but I didn't read his articles or anything.  That's what I know him from.  He's probably been on that show longer than anyone else too.  It's sad to know he had to struggle.  
I've always had a lot of respect for Woody, he was always a great writer for the Denver Post.
Poor management, or no management (In Woody's case, he didn't know he had it) of diabetes can certainly cause depression.  But even if properly managed, studies show that diabetics are more likely to be depressed.
[removed]
Woody has had his fair share of controversial takes and opinions but overall Paige has always been top notch and his journalism is top quality. One of my favorite journalists on ATH. Just from everything I have seen and heard he seems to be a great person and great at his job.Edit: last time I saw him talked about on r/nfl a couple Broncos fans (IIRC) didn't like him and mentioned why but I can't remember what it was now
His white board on ATH is one of the best things about the show
I loved when he would call out that hack Jay Makfjao(something) on his bullshit every day. So entertaining. 
Huh, TIL. 
I don't like him as a writer because that plagiarism stuff was pretty bad. His opinions are par for the course and he seems a decent man. 
Jay Mariotti.  He ended up being fired or something after some domestic violence incident.  
Yeah that's it. Fuck that guy. Frank Isola's probably the worst on there now. Kate Fagen kinda sucks too. 
Cowlishaw isn't all that good.  I love his articles and stuff but his personality is so bland and boring.  I can't believe he has a radio show.  He knows what he is talking about but he just don't have the voice / personality for tv / radio.   That Israel guy (dont know his name really) is probably my favorite on the show now.
Pablo is on Cowlishaw level for me too. That guy tries way too hard, but he's hardly on there anymore. I really like the Shelburne woman they added. She has a super strong argument for most things and has a good speaking voice. 
The fact that they managed to convert **both** two pointers is seriously being overlooked for how crazy it is. Two absolutely perfect play calls. 
There has only been two double digit 4th quarter combacks in Superbowl history. Tom Brady has both of them.
We have played in 9/51 Super Bowls, so that's not at all surprising
The Broncos have two with Peyton, who has the others?
The one against the Panthers was a direct snap to the RB too iirc. Pats go to play on 2 pt conversions is the direct snap. Not sure how most teams don't know this by now lol.
cantkeepgettingawaywithit.gif
SD has 2 in 1 SB. What happens when you're getting destroyed
Well, they have been there enough times.....
When were 2 point conversions instituted in the NFL? The Patriots have probably been in 30% of Super Bowls since then.Edit: Nevermind, someone else pointed this out.
I'm not crying. I'm just allergic to facts.
it's kinda like they scored 4 touchdowns in the 4th Q before the end of regulation . . . .
2nd time in team history, first for Bill and Tom.
That falcons defense was physically and psychologically defeated at that point.
absolutely. I don't even consider A 16 point deficit a two score game.. the chances of getting two 2PC are just ridiculously low. 
Definitely OPI on the second one, but officials never call that so I'd do it for every 2 point attempt if it were me. Unstoppable. 
There has also only been two games in Superbowl history where the winning team had 50 or more pass attempts. Tom Brady has both of them as well.
God bless that man
And they've played in 8/26 Super Bowls where the 2-point conversion existed.
The patriots have 3 of them in two games. A little less than 4% of the offensive units that could do a 2 point conversion accounting for 30% of the successes sounds a little more impressive.
[PFR says there have only been nine (the list has seven because they haven't indexed LI yet)](http://www.pro-football-reference.com/play-index/play_finder.cgi?request=1&super_bowl=1&match=summary_all&year_min=1966&year_max=2016&quarter=1&quarter=2&quarter=3&quarter=4&quarter=5&tr_gtlt=lt&minutes=15&seconds=00&down=0&down=1&down=2&down=3&down=4&yg_gtlt=gt&is_first_down=-1&field_pos_min_field=team&field_pos_max_field=team&end_field_pos_min_field=team&end_field_pos_max_field=team&type=2PCR&type=2PCP&is_complete=-1&is_turnover=-1&turnover_type=interception&turnover_type=fumble&is_scoring=1&score_type=touchdown&score_type=field_goal&score_type=safety&is_sack=-1&include_kneels=-1&no_play=0&order_by=yards):- Stan Humphries pass to Mark Seay- Stan Humphries pass to Alfred Pupunu- Kevin Faulk rush- Drew Brees pass to Lance Moore- Antwaan Randle El rush- Peyton Manning to Wes Welker- Peyton Manning to Bennie Fowler- James White rush- Tom Brady pass to Danny Amendola
Yeah didn't the Falcons go nickel against the first 2 pt conversion too? 
Same exact play actually. They use to run it a lot, relative to the number of 2 Pt conversion attempts a team name. This was a Kevin Faulk special.
Pats love that play. It is their number one go to two point conversion play for well over a decade now. How do teams not know now when the pats go shotgun + goal line + third down rb is practically standing in Brady's spot = direct snap to the rb. I called that play when I saw the formation. 
2006  Divisional Against the Chargers too
oh yes we can!
Speak?
That happened in SB XX against the Bears?
I think two point conversions are successful about 52% of the time, so all else being equal, converting two in a row would happen about 26% of the time. This being Brady and the Pats offense, we're probably talking closer to 35-40%, maybe more. I agree with your point in general, but in this case I think it was a good enough chance for it to be considered a legit two score game. 
Naw, the ball was out so fast, you really can't say it was an illegal pick.
Nah it wasn't opi.
There has been only one man ever to exist to give me a raging boner. Tom Brady is that man too.
Wow, that's actually fucking crazy. 8/26 is 30.7% SBs, 3/10 is 30% of 2-pt conversions. It doesn't get closer than that, quite literally.
The Drew Brees to Lance Moore 2pointer would almost definitely be called incomplete by today's muddled definition of what constitutes a catch. 
Thanks! 
It's more impressive to say that Brady/Manning teams have half of all successful Super Bowl 2pt conversions. 
In order:Super Bowl XXIX, Super Bowl XXIX again, Super Bowl XXXVIII, Super Bowl XLIV, Super Bowl XLVIII, Super Bowl XLVIII again, Super Bowl LI, Super Bowl LI again.
I'd have to watch the play again to say for sure, but I assume the play was dependent on what look the defense gave them. If they had nickle (which meant they probably expected a pass), they would run the RB direct snap. If they played goaline, then it would have been a pass.
Yup. It's pretty effective too, because it catches the D off guard, and the Center and guards are already pushing downfield by the time the D reacts.
Yeah, probably teams not doing enough research/film watching lol. Definitely the Pats prefered play on 2 pt conversions.
And 2010 Divisional against the Jets (with Sammy Morris however)
Lol yup, I thought there was one in the Chargers games. I think they ran it with Danny Woodead against the Ravens in the 2012 AFFCG as well, although that was a 4th down attempt.
I wouldn't know XD
And if it's within five yards, it's considered legal contact right, as long as it's not to egregious?
Yes. It was pretty obvious. It's not when it's released, it's when it's caught.
Twice.
3/10....3-1...warriors blew a 3-1 lead
Except there are two teams in each Super Bowl, so it's really 8/52 opportunities.
Brady/Humphries teams account for half of all successful SB 2 point conversions.
Think I blocked that one out
> XDNo, that is Super Bowl 490 if we are improperly using Roman Numerals. 
You said 2nd time in team history when else did it happen is what I was trying to ask.
Rewatching it, the receivers made their initial contact a half second before Amendola catches it and becomes a runner. It's so bang bang.
By the letter of the law it's OPI. They never call that though
5 times
Don't let the fact that the Warriors blew a 3-1 lead distract you from the fact that the Indians blew a 3-1 lead
Oh snap
490 is CDLXL
Seem to remember it being Drew, something in the 90s AFAIK.
Yeah, it think it's sorta a loop hope that close to the redone. IIRC the Falcons first touchdown in the NFCCG was similar pick play. Refs were letting it slide these playoffs.
How was it OPI? He wasn't touching anyone when he caught the ball
If they called OPI like that Bama would probably be national champions again. 
>but officials never call thatI said that in my original post. I wish they'd get more strict on it.
208 times.
And don't let those facts distract you from the fact that the Falcons blew a 25 point lead
> if we are improperly using Roman Numerals. 
What would 8====D be?
HM then the title is wrong, pats have 5/10
The receivers were somewhat blocking before the play. They don't call that, though. I see teams do that so much and get away with no calls.
...don't let that distract you from the fact that the Vikings blew a 5-0 start to the season.
He was kidding.  490 is CDXC.
I know. I'm just geeking out.
False?
Clearly you don't know how roman numerals work.
syntax error?
The other time in team history that we converted 2 two-point conversions wasn't in a Super Bowl.
Huh? Aren't you allowed to block within five yards of scrimmage
Subscribe
Dude why couldn't the Romans just use numbers
Well that tears it 
Only within one yaes
Oic thanks dude for clearing it up
SF because of the whole Dallas Star incident. 
Always the Eagles, for some reason. I think it may be because the version of Madden I played the most was with him on the Eagles and my little brother always picked them.
Definitely Buffalo
49ers.  
How in the world is anybody answering anything other than SF?He spent 8 seasons in SF and 1-3 years with all his other teams.  His best seasons were also in SF.
Eagles, sadly.
Mine 
Niners
Dallas because flair. But really the 49ers probably.
Eagles too bad it was so short lived
Dallas personallyThen Philly 
Philly for sure for me, despite him spending such a short time there. Then with the 49ers.
Ravens legend Terrell Owens
Hard to decide between SF Philly and Dallas. Dude made big waves everywhere
Cincy
The Allen wranglers 
49ers. I remember I loved using him in the early NFL 2K games and I was pretty pumped when he went to Philly to play with McNabb. 
Eagles
Is none an option?If not, then: Bengals, 49ers, Cowboys and Eagles, in that order.
49ers.
49ers
49ers because OWENS! CAUGHT IT! HE CAUGHT IT!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3iUDTAejSzw
The hall of fame. 
Iggles.
The Wranglers.
Cowboys since I started following the NFL around 2003 and he played most of his remaining years there. 
Cowboys because he was always in some sort of beef or controversy while here. And if that wasn't happening, he'd be crying about Romo or stealing a fan's popcorn.
The 49ers was also the only time he wasn't a completely cancerous player. It is why the only QB that doesn't hate him is Steve Young. 
49ers for me, hands down.It's where he emerged as a superstar, where he had his first more toxic interviews, but also where he had a lot of his most memorable plays.Every time I picture him it's in a Niners uniform, so thats pretty much it for me.
The Allen Wranglers
[49ers](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Es-NNWFHZzE)-because he spent the {majority of his career} with one team (8 seasons of a 15 season career), and that team drafted him in the 3rd round from Tenn-Chatanooga. All teams, scouts were tepid on him in '96 Draft as he tested as *raw* and lacked a route tree as the vernacular goes.
Forever a 49er to me, in large part because of The Catch II.  What most people don't remember is that before that catch, he was a really humble, hard-working, down to earth guy who idolized Jerry Rice and had the news shooting video of him bringing his son to the training facility to see where dad worked.  The notoriety he got after that seemed to change his personality (and I will always wonder if there was a little CTE in there as well).
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LOweupNOBVU
I associate him with Philly And Dallas. The San Fran days were before I was a serious fan and after Dallas it really wasn't TO anymore I felt so I didn't pay attention to what he was doing. 
Me. Myself and I. 
Bills
Niners or Cowboys. Either/or.
Eagles and 49ers.  Eagles was his only Super Bowl appearance, right?
I always think of him as an eagle first, not sure why.  
Eagles. Mostly because of the Super Bowl
I would say I think of him as a 49er first.  I don't know why really so I won't explain it.  I'd figure it would be easier to consider him a Cowboy since I am a Cowboy fan but I don't think so.  
Eagles. He was there when I started to get somewhat interested in football.
49ers
TO and His house that was in Takers..
49ers
Eagles because of his Superbowl performance + the fact that he was on the ESPN 2k5 cover as an Eagle.
Eagles because of perhaps the defining performance of his career on a broken leg in the Super Bowl.
The Philadelphia Eagles.
SF because that's when I remember him coming into the league.
eagles
Cowboys.
sf/philly/dallas3waytiemygoddamnspaebarisbroken
Bills
For me it's the Eagles
Did he okay for anyone but Buffalo? What a weird question. The man has a key to our city!!!
Cowboys because THAT'S MY QUARTERBACK is by far the strongest association I have for him
Cowboys
Eagles
Philly
Bengals
49ers but I started watching in 2010
Obviously the Texas Revolution easy
Philly because of his amazing Super Bowl performance and his insane ratings in NFL 2K5. 
Dallas
For me, Eagles/Cowboys. I was too young to remember him as a 49er since I only payed attention to the Steelers until I was like 10. When I think T.O., I think of a Cowboys WR that used to play for the Eagles. Wasn't till he went to the Bills that I realized that he had played for San Francisco 
Cowboys. Probably because I had a poster of TO with the popcorn bucket when I was younger.
The Seahawks
Team driveway. Really though for career I'd say 49ers for cultural fit/legacy I'd say Cowboys. 
Eagles. Maybe it's because of the SB run but I always pictured him in a dark green jersey.
Even though I saw him growing up in a 49ers uniform I associate him most with The Eagles. I think it's because most of his high profile drama occurred with them and he received the most media attention  as an Eagle. 
The Terrell Owens team
What did he do in buffalo though ?
Dallas. In part because he went there after leaving us, and in part because of the pure irony of him being a Cowboy after he shit all over the Dallas star as a 49er, lol.
the Professional Bowlers Association
Eagles because of football games in 2005
Eagles. His greatest game was as an Eagle, don't care about The Catch II, doing what he did on a broken leg is batshit insane.
Definitely the All Prick Team. A first ballot selection guaranteed. 
Best thing George Teague ever did for the Cowboys. 
One of the funniest moments in NFL history. 
For me it's Dallas because of the irony of the star incident 
Either SF or Cowboys for sure. SF because of the Star incident, and Cowboys because much to the chagrin of a lot of fans we got him on the team and he seemed to be a whiny bitch.
Man I'm sad about thinking about how short lived his run was here. If he matured during his time in Philly I'd love TO still.
Eagles. Peak popularity, in the super bowl, playing a great game on a broken leg
You mean when he was on the cover of the greatest football game in history, NFL 2k5
Lol
Underrated really good season though 
Eagles, because the first thing that comes to mind when I think of TO is his one-legged Super Bowl performance.
Have you seen how old some people are around here? 
but driveway workout
He was only there by himself for like three years, the rest of the time Jerry Rice was still there and outshined him.
Because it's a subjective question? Not everyone here watched football when he was with the 9ers. 
All the Patriots fans (including myself) will say Eagles because of the Super Bowl.
He was in the division long enough that I don't associate him with the 9ers but he also just never felt like a Cowboy.
Seahawks Legend Terrell Owens 
He was a Raven?
Oh fuck off. I remember reading on ESPN news we traded for him. I was so hyped. Fuck him. But he belongs in the hall.
Bengals Legend Terrell Owens
Bengals first? Really? I'm pretty sure most people would have them last with Buffalo
[For those that inexplicably haven't seen it yet](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X64tNDotMaQ)Imagine if something like this happened in today's NFL. Fines and suspensions everywhere, and a PR nightmare.
go away, semi-aquatic egg laying mammal, you're drunk
That's a big if
Foot. 
the replay of that game tonight on NFL Network was was sweet.. told you that McNabb and Reid could not start a hurry up to save their life and that TO was laser focused and a team player when it counted
I watched football through his whole career and remember him best as an eagle. With old tv I'd only ever see him on prime time as a 49er. Once he was in Philly I saw a lot because they would televise the eagles around here. All of his teams after that, the NFL packages were getting big so people could watch whoever. Plus Jerry had a big shadow
I'm a very much older guy by this subs standards (over 30) and I don't think that's the right way to view this at all. Sometimes an iconic moment or an instance where you really started to take an interest in a particular player is what sticks. For someone as divisive as TO? There's a million times where a person may have personally defined him in their brain 
No he didn't.  At all.
Technically yes. [The 49ers traded him to the Ravens, but he refused to play for them and instead was traded to the Eagles.](http://www.espn.com/nfl/news/story?id=1760284) 
It was his most recent NFL team, he had a reality TV show with Ochocinco, and I went to college in Cincy.
Ahh back before they put the No in No Fun League.  Seriously that type of stuff was great.
Holy fuck lmao I love TO. 
I forgot that TO didn't retaliate. Just took the hit, collected the ball and went back to celebrating. 
first comment The NFL will never be this fun againfucking preach.
It would only be a PR nightmare because the NFL chooses to make it into one.
Don't you tell him what to do!
More like a big didn't
Which is what pisses me off even more about the fact that he isn't in the HOF yet. In the single most important game of the year, he put his body on the line and carried his team (almost to victory) in a situation where most NFL players probably wouldn't even dream of stepping on the field. 
QB D. McNabb always seemed enervated in games in the southern part of the country. Those games included that SB. I always felt that was one of the weakest Patriot SB teams (Yes, Deion Branch caught everything) and were ripe that day. And if not for Owens, I think the Eagles performance was average. With him, they were close.
Not as far as play, but recognition. It was Jerry Rice's team, not TOs.
I actually didn't know this. So if I understood the article correctly, Baltimore got a 5th round pick by basically being the middle man? 
I also associate him with Cincy because of the hype about TO and Ocho on the same team
No.  The Seahawks were his most recent team.
I still almost forgot he played there. I'd call him either a cowboy or an eagle but I wasn't paying attention when he was in San Fran
Do you see how that stuff escalates?  TO taunts.  Smith returns it.  TO does it back.  Then TO takes a blindside hit.You can allow uninhibited taunted or increase player safety.  But you can't have both.  These guys are man-children.
Priorities. 
you too, inebriated primate. 
Greg Lewis made a remarkable circus catch which had they won would have been notable
Alex Mack did it literally this year. I'm not trying to shit on TO but don't go all most nfl players would dream of stepping on the field
Then punish the person who did the hit. These are grown men at a job, you can't go leveling people because they trash talked you 
Fucking Greg Lewis, [I always remember him catching this one from Favre.](https://youtu.be/pgxSzxIxPrY)
Because one other guy did it means most would? 
To be fair, their job is about levelling people. They get away with things that would be assault between plays because they're on a football field. 
That's not the same greg lewis lol
Have you heard of the shit Jason Taylor went through? Or even lesser known guys like David Bruton playing a half with a broken fibula. Roethisberger playing with torn ligaments in his throwing shoulder? Players play through severe injuries ALL of the time. It's his effectiveness while doing it that's impressive
Its one thing to hit a guy during a play. Its another to take a blind-side cheap shot bc you dont like him strutting around. If you dont like it, maybe try stopping him from scoring.
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Greg_Lewis_(wide_receiver)
It is though
That's still not most guys. Players play hurt all the time, but players do not play with an injury that significant all the time 
[You've changed my world view.](http://68.media.tumblr.com/2d558e848ad0d16ddb97c8bf79f5b86f/tumblr_nt93mqA9ZU1qdrcyyo4_250.gif)
Every game isn't the super bowl
Dean Spanos for Betsy the 80 year old bag lady under the 5.
Sheldon to Dallas for a third and a seventh.
Texans trade Brock Osweiler to the Saskatchewan Roughriders in exchange for Johnny Manziel. 
Garoppolo and a 5th for Joe Haden. I vaguely recall reports of Haden wanting out of Cleveland and not being a part of the rebuild. If that's true, the Browns could use him to get a QB and add to their draft stock. If the Patriots can get Butler back on a good deal, this would create one of the most formidable secondaries in the league to go all in on Brady's last few years.  
Dak and our 1st for the #1 pick. We can find another C+ QB to overachieve with the best possible surrounding cast I promise.
Romo to the Browns for the #1 pick to select Myles Garrett ^^^/s
They get our QB controversy and we get Joe Thomas
Osweiler to anybody for nothing but getting rid of the contract.
Lol at the posts trading Joe Thomas to the Hawks. It'll never happen. I could see the Rams trading Gurley for some picks, there's plenty of teams that are RB needy and I see them hitting a rebuild this year. Or, AZ trading for Garrapolo. I don't see palmer there after next year and assuming the price is right JG could be their next franchise QB. 
Mark Barron to the Browns for their early 5th? Gregg gets one of his favorites in Barron, a guy who can play both LB and safety. Very athletic playmaker. Helps him rebuild his defense quicker. His contract is no consequence for the Browns, and it gives them flexibility after the season if they don't keep Davis/Kirksey who both enter their final year of the contracts. Works for the Rams because Wade prefers his ILBs a little bigger, I believe we save about $7M in cap space this season doing it, and we get an extra pick to reinforce our holes. Not sure on their DE needs either, but we could throw in William Hayes as well in a deal.  Very good 4-3 DE who doesn't quite fit Wade's system, but is an excellent fit with Gregg. 
Browns 33rd, future conditional second and Gary Barnidge for Garappolo.Patriots get two picks in a row in a deep draft class, possible future second and a TE if they do not/cannot resign Bennett.I would say possibly Haden but I don't think the Pats A) have the cap room B) want to pay him that much C) and his injury problems.
Tony Romo for anyone.
Brandin Cooks to the Niners for Tremaine Brock and a 5th
49ers DE Aaron Lynch-for-Panthers WR Kelvin Benjamin
I think the Packers could trade Ty Montgomery for a veteran defensive back.
Here are two for the Saints. Saints biggest need is DE, and the Saints have 2 left tackles.Trade 1: Terron Armstead to the Bengals for Carlos Dunlap. Armstead is 2 years younger than Dunlap and a lot more expensive, but he is signed for 4 more years and he's a top 5 talent at a critical position. Dunlap is a big every down DE (also critical position) to bookend with Cam Jordan and give the Saints one of the best sets of DE's in the league.Trade 2: Andrus Peat to the Browns for Emmanuel Ogbah. Peat played a stretch at LT last season replacing an injured Armstead. He struggled the first couple of games but looked better and better after that. Peat and Ogbah are both on rookie deals and in a draft with good DE talent and a thin crop of tackles Cleveland might be willing to trade talent for talent.
Joe Thomas for a first and a third.  We instantly solidify our line and Cleveland gets to add more to their massive haul of draft picks we can even throw in Kearse and our amazing Oline coach who was a finalist for the niners coaching job.
Sheldon Richardson to the Colts for a third?
JJ Watt for Andrew Luck
Desmond Trufant for Sheldon Richardson
Jermaine Kearse for a lineman or two. 
Let's assume the Texans have legitimate concerns for his long term outlook:- **Cowboys** get JJ Watt- **Texans** get Tony Romo and a conditional 2018 1st round pickWorst case scenario for the Cowboys? Watt isn't the same player and stays banged up, and Dak gets hurt. Best case scenario for the Cowboys? Watt goes Watt.Worst case scenario for the Texans? Romo gets banged up and Watt washes out for Dallas, so you only get a 2nd back. Best case scenario for the Texans? Romo regains his 2014 form, legitimizing the Texans and making them Super Bowl contenders, with the added bonus of a high pick in 2018.
Connor Barron to the Packers for Randall Cobb
JJ Watt for TJ green, straight up. 
Ziggy ansah and a 1st and a 3rd for Clowney and Cushing. Lions fill 2 huge defensive needs, Texans still get value back at DE and have 2 solid picks to choose from. 
Kelvin Benjamin for Brandin Cooks I feel as though each receiver would fit the other QB better, with Benjamin playing a Colston/Graham type of role in NO and Cooks being like a rich man's Ten Ginn Jr.
Brock O going literally anywhere else
JJ Watt for Tom Brady
Joe Thomas for Adrian Peterson
- Jerrell Freeman to GB for a pick. They're a win-now team, they need LB help, Freeman is a productive player on the back end of his career, we need to get younger and might as well see what Kwiatkoski can do full time- Josh Sitton to Denver for a pick, they badly need OLine help and Sitton is a beast. Again we need to get younger, this lets us move Whitehair to LG and we can see if Grasu can do anything
Joe Thomas to the Seahawks for picks. I don't know why this trade didn't happen this season. Seahawks won't have this defense for much longer and by the time Cleveland rebuilds Thomas might decline significantly, or get hurt (yes I know he has never missed a snap).
Packers send Matthews and 2 draft picks for a top rated corner or young pass rusher
Jimmy G for everyone's 1st
Jimmy G for the Browns' 33 pick. Jimmy G and the Patriots 32 for the Browns 12 pick. 
Jimmy Garoppolo for OBJ 
Whitworth and a 4th or 5th for a restructured AP. 
JJ for Brees and a first
A 3rd and Hundley (or a 5th) for Haden. Am I asking too much, Browns?
Garappolo to Jets for their entire team and a 1stPatriots could use an upgrade to their practice squad
Garrapagoat for josh Gourdon
Carson wentz for All those draft picks back
Watt straight up for Romo.
Antonio brown to Philadelphia for Nelson agholor because Big Ben likes a challenge.
Alshon Jeffrey for mychal kendricks 
Browns trade #1 pick to the Pats for Jimmy G
[deleted]
Garoppolo and a pick to the Texans for Hopkins and a slightly better pick in return (moving NE up a round from like 5th to 4th or something to that affect)
I'll allow it.^(Protip: put me in instead, I got this shit yo)
Kinda unbalanced. They get Betsy AND rid of Spanos? Probably need some picks added in to sweeten the deal.
This made me laugh enough to hate you slightly less.
Wow I would actually take this, what's his contract like?
Package deal for Romo? 
I would take that trade for the Lions in a heartbeat.
Sheldon is so fucking good when he gets to play in position. Perennial pro bowl type of DL. I'd be mad to lose a 24 year old pro bowl DL for that
I've had my eye on him since last year but I dont see our new front office doing this.
I could see that, but from the Rams. 
Hard pass
Do the Roughriders have to assume Brock's entire Salary? That would put the league out of business.
Dude he said both teams. Roguhriders are doing fine on there own. 
Johnny is no Roughrider material. BC Lions. 
So if the word is that Jimmy G is worth a 1st, you want to give up a 1st and a 5th for someone who at this point is worth around a 3rd?  I don't disagree with the concept of the trade just the compensation btw. 
That would be a horrible trade for the Patriots. 
That's not a good trade for NE. Joe Haden is expensive and has been dealing with concussions. Not worth at all. Corner isn't even a position of need right now 
I'm out on Haden. Way too much injury history.
I don't think you guys want the cap hit that Haden brings along.
Good thing you aren't our GM.  Why trade 1st round  value for Haden when you can just sign Bouye for less money as a UFA?  Haden has not lived upto his contract/talent.
Haden is nowhere near as good as you seem to think he is.
You are trolling, right? The money on Joe Haden is enough to sign Logan and Joe Haden is going down already. And you always need QB insurance. 
Joe Haden has been garbage for like 3 seasons now and he's on an expensive contract.
Haden is made of straw and held together with paperclips, also has concussion issues
Haden and a 5th for Garoppolo would be more likely. IIRC, the Saints tried to trade for Haden before the deadline this year and the asking price was something like a 2nd round pick. 
Couldn't live with the fact knowing we sent good ol' Johnny to Cleveland
Haden is old and expensive. the pats o-line is in need of cheap young guys more than expensive vets.
This an atrocious trade for the Pats, Joe Haden is well over the hump and Jimmy G could get you some seriously better offers, easily a second or a first. 
Fuck no. I'd rather pay Logan Ryan than take on Haden's contract, by a long shot. Let alone giving up Jimmy G for it.
Throw in some Josh Gordon too.
I think if NE trades Jimmy and it's not to the Browns it's to the Texans for Hopkins and maybe a late round pick as well.  
bullshit trade. haden has negative value.
I would take this in a heartbeat and I love Haden. I think the Browns need to give up picks instead of the Pats.
Butler-Ryan-Haden would be amazing.  Good chances Ryan leaves though
Garoppolo to Cleveland for Joe Thomas, Cleveland's compensatory 2017 4th (which is at the end of the round), and a 2018 5th, with Cleveland restructuring Thomas's deal to convert $15.6 million of his salary the next two years into a roster bonus paid the day before the trade, and also accelerating his previously scheduled roster bonuses.Patriots get Joe Thomas for the next two years at cap hits of ~$1 million, a 4th (to replace the one lost to deflategate), and a 5th. Cleveland gets Garoppolo for just a pair of midround picks, an aging player who likely will be in heavy decline by the time Cleveland's rebuild bears fruit, and a one year $19.1m dead money hit, in a year with a thin FA class and where Cleveland has over $100m in cap room.
that would be stupid af for you guys. his contract is too big for how hes been playing and you could get much more for jimmy g. shit look what the vikings gave up for bradford when bridgewater went down and my dumbass raiders gave up for palmer when campbell went down. 
A C+ quarterback is much more valuable than even an A+ defensive end (see: Texans)
You'd be utterly looting the browns.
Yeah I wouldn't mind that actually. We would still have Romo and then add Garrett and Jaylon. Draft a new QB with next years first. 
Nah, Dak (the Rookie of the Year QB) is worth at the very least both of Cleveland's firsts this year and their first next year. I cannot stand fans that act like some unproven DE, no matter how talented, is worth more than a franchise QB. Matt Cassel won eleven games with the Pats but led the Cowboys to 4-12 with the same team, so I don't get fans that act like Dak is only good because of the O-line.I also don't understand fans that say oh Cleveland don't need a franchise QB yet like it's so easy to get one lol. If you can get a young QB you can build around, you do it. 
I pray this happens 
Post says realistic trades, this is not realistic 
Throw in Jaylon, a 2017 3rd, 2018/2019 2nds and we have a gentleman's agreement 
but maybe kinda actually pls 
Romo said he wants to go to contenders.
Jerry is that you?
Considering how much damage has been done to the Browns QBs, Romo would probably be a broken by game 4.
No way he would make it past 3rd week with that offensive line. 
Would the Browns really give up the #1 pick for an aging, injury-prone quarterback? I could see this happening only if the cowboys throw in a pick or 2
What's the controversy? Bradford is obviously the starter.
Have the Browns not had the biggest QB controversy for about 18 years now? This is more like just give us Joe Thomas than a trade. 
Nah fam, if we do trade him we're trying to get him a ring.
He's an average linebacker and idk if sending Bradford/Teddy would really start a controversy over Rodgers..
The Vikings have a better chance at trading for a new pair of eyes for Mike Zimmer than getting Joe Thomas. Sorry bud. :(
Seriously. We'll send a Wilfork-size order of BBQ too.
Nah gurley is going to be damn near franchised until he's 28/29. 
I don't see AZ trading for Jimmy G. He's got one year left on his contract before he's a FA, who would trade what the pats are asking for a qb to sit the bench a year then have to pay him a huge contract without seeing what he has in game. I mean the only way this makes sense is if Palmer gets hurt, which is possible but you don't want to plan for that. Yes you want a security blanket, but why spend a 1st or 2nd rounder on a security blanket who might leave next season if you can't get a deal done?And from Jimmy G's perspective it would suck too, he doesn't want to get traded to sit on a bench for another year. It really just doesn't make any sense unless as you said the price is right but why would the price be right if they see him as a bench warmer and other teams obviously want him to be a starter. Either the trade will be too much for a bench warmer or it will be so low that a different team offers more. 
Don't see Gurley traded, he's going to be their offense when they achieve some level of competency
this draft class is loaded with rbs. no way the rams would get good value for gurley coming off an off year regardless if it was his fault or not. 
Barron is worth more than a 5th
Shit I think he'd be at the least a 4th.
That is giving up way too much for Jimmy G imo.  Guy is not even worth anywhere near a first round pick let alone 2 early 2nds and a solid TE.
Oh, they have the cap room. Currently with about $67 million in space.
I want some of what you're smoking
Why would you trade a second rounder, basically late first rounder and a good TE for an unproven QB? Because he played for the Pats?Y'all need to build that team, not waste picks and talent on what if's and maybe.
Yes pls
We have over 60mil in space. Cap isn't an issue.
Barnidge is really not that good, and neither is Haden. Wasn't he like one of the worst corners in football last year? No thanks.
If I was the pats and Cleveland sent this deal over, I'd reply looking to get Gordon as part of the deal. If that was a no go, i'd maybe try throwing a pick in for Gordon.But I'd defs be interested in OPs trade, the 33rd round pick is pretty much a first.
Romo for bosa? Ha
y tho. This draft is one of the deepest in a long time for DBs. Seems stupid to trade a good receiver for such little compensation with all things considered.
Yes please
No thanks
I'd rather keep Brock.
Fuuuuck no. He's exactly what our offence needs, getting another fast receiver WITH hands like him is hard.
No thanks Edit: Really not sure how anyone can believe this is beneficial for Carolina. KB is our WR1 and Lynch has had his share of problems. Absolutely awful trade for Carolina.
Umm... no thank you. 
Yes please.Lynch could be a premiere pass rusher in the NFL. Kelvin Benjamin's just Kelvin Benjamin.
Best ability is availability. Aaron Lynch never plays because he makes dumbass decisions.
Wouldn't even be mad
Player-for-player trades are rare and I don't think Ty is worth very much at all
Lol
With this loaded RB class coming? I can't see this happening, at least not with a decent DB. I would rather keep him as our scat back
Packers will never trade Monty. 
he's unproven
Cleveland doesn't need a Tackle bad enough to trade away a promising DE/DT in Ogbah.. plus Gregg Williams wouldn't let a bright spot in his defense go for a OLineman who struggled last year
> 2 left tackles.Uh.. ian't Peat supposed to be the LG?  I mean, frankly, I'd rather hang onto Peat especially with Armstead's injury questions looming.  Plus with us relying on old man Jahri and Zach for at least the immediate future, I don't think we want to squander the one position group we have depth at (with Peat and Kelemente being super valuable with their ability to move around in a pinch).
In what workd do we have the oline depth for this? Good tackles are just as hard to find as DEs.
Barwin and a third for brandon cooks 
You all have have Brian Robison and some picks for a tackle. 
Saints fans know and love football, I'll give them that.They are the most annoying humans on earth but they do love the NFL.
I would like to subscribe to your newsletter.
That is too much draft capital to give up for Joe Thomas.
Will absolutely never happen. Pretty sure JT would just retire if he gets traded. 
Hes only a 2-3 year solution at most and giving up those draft picks is too much
Thomas won't get more than the third by itself. 
Hmmm. I think Sheldon would be a good end in our system and contribute a lot since he would actually be playing a 3-4 scheme. I think a 3rd rd pick wouldn't necessarily be a bad trade either, but I'm not 100% sold on it.
We'd have a top 3 pick in the draft next year. 
I'll allow it.
I'd prefer Tru.Sheldon would be able to be traded for a 2nd or 3rd.
We'll give you Doug Free for your 2nd,3rd rds
no fucking way the texans take that
Long term outlook & Tony Romo don't go together
I can definitely see the Texans going after romo/jimmy with some of our defensive pieces and picks, but there is absolutely no chance JJ Watt gets traded. Even Rick Smith isn't that dumb- you don't trade the potential greatest defensive player ever for an old injury prone qb, especially if you have a shit offensive line 
[How I feel about this trade](http://imgur.com/wqMWK7z)
JJ Watt is probably the best defensive player ever, There's no way they'd ever trade him, especially not for Romo. It'd be like the pats trading Brady for Peppers.
> Worst case scenario for the Texans? Romo gets banged up and Watt washes out for Dallas,I mean - wouldn't the worst case scenario here be Watt staying healthy and returning to be being DPotY level dominant for the Cowboys?
We had the #1 defense in terms of yards allowed, but that stat is deceiving without context. Brock and co. turned the ball over frequently close to the opposing team's redzone. In terms of points scored against, Texans were at the bottom.Don't get me wrong, they turned it up towards the end and looked great, but there is no way the team is giving up a generational talent for maybe a 2 year veteran with only 1 year of a proven defense without Watt. It just doesn't make sense for the team to make this trade at all. Honestly, part of the Dallas o-line would need to be I'm that package for it to even be considered and there is no reason for Jerry to do that either. 
Make it a 2017 1st and a conditional 2018 1st rounder and you have a deal.
This makes me erect
No thanks. We already have a Colston type in Michael Thomas who is better than Benjamin.
How does that benefit NO? They already have a stud WR1 in Michael Thomas, so why give up one of the most dangerous slot receivers for another big-bodied WR1-type?
Never trade within the division, especially the number 1 rated ILB this season. And Grasu was absolutely terrible when he played
I wouldn't think the Bears would trade anything to the Packers unless it's an outrageous win for them. Too much hate in the North.
why would we need AP? we got sexy rexy
how about jj and a first for brees?
Isn't jimmy g worth a second (roughly) and josh worth like a 4th-5th? Seems like this is skewed way in favor of the browns.
Alshon is an FA and nobody wants Kendricks's godawful contract anyway
pats proceed to trade back for a 1st and a couple 2nds 
Stop
That's simply not going to happen. 
Lol Jimmy for Hopkins straight up would be a shit trade and you want to improve your draft pick as well?Get the fuck outta here.
He's due 8 million this season and then he's a free agent.He'd be great to have... but I don't think we'd trade for him without a contract extension involved as well.
Romo as an option is very unpopular at our sub. We tried a competitive rebuild and it didn't work. The Jets need to strip down the bare minimum and build from the ground up and signing an aging, injury prone QB kind of goes against that. 
No way we are taking on that contract.
Yes, but in Canadian dollars, so everything is fine.
With all the Drama he is Montreal Material
The only way Garoppolo gets a first is if he goes to Cleveland IMO. Even then, I think Cleveland would have to do some maneuvering to get that 15th pick lower in the first round because Garropolo is not worth the 15th pick, even after a bidding war. I see this as a move, probably mandated by the Krafts, to go all in to get another Super Bowl or two while Brady is still playing at a high level. They have a ton of cap room this offseason and in in the coming years so I could realistically see them spending out of character to win titles.
Cleveland has the first overall though. No chance in hell Jimmy G is worth it. If Cleveland traded down a bunch in the first, maybe... Jimmy might be great, but first overall...
Years ago Kolb was traded for DRC and a 2nd. Similar situation, Joe Haden and a 2nd?
> So if the word is that Jimmy G is worth a 1stI think after Brock no one is gonna give up a 1st for an unproven back up.
Just to tack on here, OP was offering the value of two 2nds or a late first plus a fifth for a guy worth a fifth.
It will be next year. We also haven't seen much of anything on D, out of Cyrus Jones.
Can't remember if Ryan is an RFA or UFA, but regardless, he's probably gone.  Which means we could really use someone on the other side of Butler.    Not saying that someone should be Haden, unless he comes for real cheap considering his play has fallen off a cliff in recent seasons, but we could use some more depth at CB, and I'd love to get a bonafide #1 or #2 instead of the typical project corner we normally sign.    Thing is, apparently we couldn't get Haden for Jaime Collins, so I'm not sure Garroppolo would be enough for the Browns to move him, either.  Regardless, this would be a bad trade for the Patriots.
We'd be better off keeping Ryan and Butler than trading Jimmy G for Haden. 
The Browns should have taken whatever was offered and ran with it to be honest. 
Rather get Bouye for less money and no trade needed.
This assumes the Texans had C+ QB play.
Nah, Dak could be their franchise QB and only one year off his rookie deal, that's a wonderful trade for the Browns in a weak QB class
The Cowboys would be getting fleeced. Let's just pretend for a second, and say that Dak ends up being a above average QB (in the top 10-14 range). The Browns and any other QB needy team would **gladly** give up their #1 overall in return for a franchise QB *plus* a first rounder. 
I mean how much tread is really left on Thomas though?
no shit you wouldn't mind it. It's robbery
I thought this was a joke about how anyone could do it behind that line and with those weapons and then saw more cowboys fans agreeing. Wtf I mean I'm for this deal but for the wrong reasons...
(A&M fan) I actually would love to see this happen, but I'm tired of having to feel terrible for Browns fans
pls no
Mark Sanchez loves contenders. Papas Fritos con tenders, tenders contenders...
I doubt he'd have a say in it
Yeah Bridgewater for sure...wait...
He has been named the starter, doesn't mean he he debate is done.When Teddy is healthy this will be a thing again.
??
Lies. There aren't enough cows alive to fulfill that part of the deal.
That order would be worth at *least* $72M
Shame.
If they trade for JG and extend him to a 4 or 5 year deal worth 12 or 13M per year that would be great for them. He gets paid to learn the AZ system and takes over after next year knowing the system, players, etc. The cards have to think beyond Plamer, he is playing on borrowed tike IMHO. The worst thing they could do is go overpay in free agency after next year. It almost never works out. 
I dunno, they are hosed this year for picks. They could probably get a serviceable back in FA or the draft and build their O around that. Not saying it's likely to happen, but I wouldn't be surprised if it did. 
Probably. I tend to try to make the other team the winner (in my eyes) in the trade to counteract my bias and overvaluing of the player. Maybe I did it too much here. 
Not at 10 mil/ year
Do you guys have a 4th? Couldn't find out, but I thought it was traded. I'd throw in Hayes if it could get us a 3rd though. 
Well the future second will be dependent on of the Browns sign JG to a longer contract.
I'm not sure about that Jimmy Garoppolo looked pretty legit in the game and a half we saw from him. He was making good decisions and getting rid of the ball really quick. He looked pretty Brady-ish when he was on the field. Not saying teams should give up a first or second rounder for him, but for me that's what it would take to pry him away from us. 
You're strictly paying for the position. Proven or not, getting a good-not-great QB has the possibility to change your franchise for a decade. At this point drafting even a *good* QB is luck more than half the time. There's no fool-proof way to accurately assess how the individual will translate to the pros (with the exception of *some* first overall picks like the Mannings &amp; Lucks). Year in and year out the Russell Wilsons, Brady's, Rogers, Prescotts continue to remind the league that  they don't  know how to assess the position perfectly, and that it may be wise to just scoop up another late round QB for the sheer off-chance they hit.  You're paying for the most important position in the game :/
That is not nearly enough. What are you talking about?
If Sam Bradford who's been nothing but mediocre (don't give me that completion % stat, I can't remember him throwing further than five yards down field) and injured his entire career can get a 1st round pick, Jimmy G can snag that under the right circumstances. I think Jimmy G could go for a first early in the off season. If a team suffers a unfortunate injury at QB late in the offseason? Easy 1st. 
hes not worth it, but look at what teams give up when they need a qb. look what teams got to trade up for goff and wentz. look what the vikings gave up for bradford, look what we gave up for palmer. 
And most first round picks aren't worth where they've been taken, but teams take risks based on potential. 
But isn't that because you have a bunch of other guys that are free agents that you'd presumably want to sign first?
Browns grab OJ Howard paired with DeValve and Telfer as backup makes Barnidge exspendable.The conditional second is if we sign JG to an extension.I feel like that is an extremely reasonable tradd
Which QB do we take at 33 then?
It is if you want to keep any of your free agents.
I think Barnidge would do wonders paired with Gronk and Tom Brady.  He was a Pro bowler with McCown throwing to him.  If Haden could stay healthy I think he can be an excellent CB. He needed groin surgery after week 10 or so and just hasn't been himself because of injuries.
We can't trade Gordon until he is reinstated
> the 33rd round pick is pretty much a first.we MLB now
Much rather have Rivers than Romo anyway. Rivers is way more resilient and still really damn good.
Not that Ohio state needed more ammo for recruiting but having both rookie of the years probably is a nice bonus
Brock is a top tier CB and hed be perfect opposite Breaux. We'd much rather have a proven CB instead of drafting CBS when we could be getting DL and LBs which is what we really need. Plus cooks is a hothead and I don't see him re signing with us personally
Theres also quite a few in FA
I'd rather keep Brock tbh 
Do it
I mean if cooks doesn't want to be here and play for us, then I don't want him. We'd still have Michael Thomas and Willie Snead and I'm sure we can get another decent receiver somewhere. If Cooks wants to stay, then great but if not, I'd rather we get something decent for him instead of causing trouble in the locker room and making distractions.
Idk the way the draft is shaping up it seems like we'd have a better shot at drafting a replacement then getting another receiver, which is our worst position atm imo
I don't agree with this trade particularly, but if we're honest here KB isn't that great and I don't think the Panthers need him as a WR1. 
He has to make better decisions off the fieldGaining a ton of weight and throwing away a year of your career, also getting suspended, because your wife got pregnant is just really stupid
KB was a 1,000 yard receiver his rookie year. Missed his sophomore season because of the ACL. And actually played way above expectations for returning from the ACL injury and playing on a bad offense. I'll keep KB thanks. 
Good point, but why speculate about draft picks, which are already speculative in nature?  Obviously some mid round draft picks could improve any team, so talking about trading those is pretty boring.  And you might be right about Ty, but I think his value is boosted because he's done surprisingly well for a very green 23 year old player.
Half of the trades that people are suggesting in this thread are 'Player A for two mid round draft picks.'   Montgomery has as high a ceiling as any RB you could talk after the 3rd round, and the fact that he's had success in the NFL already make him a far safer pickup than any draft pick.
 After Peat settled in at LT he looked very good there. And Williams doesn't make that call, that's just silly. But this is just what iffing, it would be an extreme long shot irl. 
>a OLineman who struggled last year?? he played fine
Andrus Peat didn't struggle tho. 
> plus Gregg Williams wouldn'tCould have stopped there.  I don't think Greg would be willing to involve his defense in any trade where the Saints might even break even with his team haha.
 Originally Peat was supposed to be RT, but Strief just hasn't fallen off so they are using him at LG to get the 5 best guys on the field. He's valuable so hanging onto him makes sense but LT is such a premium position and so hard to fill he might be more valuable as a trade chip. We don't need 2 LT's and we have several other needs. 
 We don't need tackles, we need guards. Kind of like how on defense we don't need tackles we need ends. 
You guys can pick up some All Pros in rounds 2-6 like you always do. 
He would increase the life expectancy of RW by at least 50 percent. 
Addition by subtraction the third is to get them to take Kearse Cable and maybe even Bevs.
It's not if you think he can win you 2 superbowls in those 3 years.
Well that's just wrong
That's ludicrous he is still an all pro and likely has 2 to 3 years before he falls off if not more.
Perfect time to pick The Darnold
You could look at it like this: They proved this season that they can still be a really good defense without Watt. But it means nothing if they're stuck with utter incompetence at quarterback. A healthy Romo with Hopkins and Miller, and a defense led by Mercilus and Clowney, might give them a much better chance to compete than trying to stick it out with *Brocksavage*. 
Do people forget that Romo hasn't really played in 2 years? And he may be done as a starter?Watt may be the best defensive player since LT. And he'll probably play another 7-8 years. 
I was referring to Watt.
Pump the breaks man. Lawrence Taylor and many other players have had longer careers producing at the highest levels. 
More like the Packers trading Rodgers for Cam Wake. It's insane. 
In that scenario, the conditional 2018 pick would become a 1st rounder. Lessens some of the blow.
And throw in their GM while you're at it
Set up a receiver corps like the Bears from a couple years ago. Have two big-bodied receivers on the outside, and put Snead in the slot. If it worked for Josh McCown, it can work for Drew Brees.Also, while I think Cooks is very talented, there were several games in which he just was not used. He hardly made any big plays from the slot this year. It felt like all of his TDs this year came off outside verticals w/blown coverages. He rarely got anything more than a short gain from the slot this year
Ya know, I wasn't sure if you guys had a solid run game or not. I don't mean this as a dig at all, just a pure lack of knowledge. There's usually one or two teams a year that I don't pay as much attention to for whatever reason and that was definitely the Bengals this year. We didn't play you guy, you're not in conference, I didn't have any Bengel players on fantasy, you didn't make the playoffs, etc. I definitely don't mean it as a slight, it just happened to play out like that this last season. With that being said, I just want Whitworth. XD
Whoops forgot he was a FA
Idk if you already have a contract worked out in advance I'd imagine a player of Sheldons talent would be worth more than a 3rd and a 7th.
Plus, I'm sure Jerry won't mind the fact he's a bit of a bad character (not being rude, just that's he's a bit of suspension risk). Fun as hell to watch when he was at MU though. 
Very true 
C'monnnn you know you want to http://giant.gfycat.com/InferiorIncredibleFoxterrier.gif
Having followed the Jets most of my life, I still honestly believe they could fall for the Romo trap. The front office has had a terrible time with qbs since the Favre dick pic thing.
I feel strongly as though Watson is the best rookie option at QB this year, and I think there is an excellent chance he is still on the board at pick #6
The jets are ending up with jay cutler. It's too Jets to pass up.
yeah you guys getting romo would be stupid af. you guys arent good enough to win a ring right now so getting romo will get you good enough to get a bad draft pick, but bad enough to not win a Super Bowl. him and marshall would be nice though. definitely the best qb he would have had. 
14mil a year isn't bad.
Ouch. Too much truth in that one...
I was about to say Argonauts for relevance.
You're underestimating how much teams over spend for QBs. Alex Smith was 28 and for the most part had a pretty bad career up until Harbaugh. We got to second rounders. Bradford who is known to be injury prone and hasn't exactly had the best career either got the Eagles a 1st. I'm pretty sure if I look more into this I'll find another example or two but this is just out of the top of my head.  
12th pick. Cleveland has 1, 12, and 33.
We're not that desperate....;~;
I think you would be more likely to get their 2nd round pick, which would essentially be a 2nd 1st round pick for you guys.
i also consider the 33rd overall pick a 1st rounder. Same talent, just without the 5th year option
They have the 12th pick too
I'd rather pay both Ryan and Butler. Haden is 11 million cap hit and he's been downright bad the last 2 season. He was ranked the 3rd worst corner in 2015, and he got bumped down to CB2 in 2016 and still was below average against lesser receivers. 
I haven't given up on Cy just yet. I know he made some boneheaded plays this year, but he's coachable and has good physical attributes
He's UFA and he's definitely gone
This hurts my soul.
I was trying to say that the Texans lacked C+ QB play but had elite DE play.  They'd kill for a Dak-level QB I would think lol.
Good lord the shade in this one 
For real, Dak just had a historic rookie year.  Yeah, let's give that guy away...
Dak couldn't accomplish much in cleveland with the support they give him. He's good but not transcendent.
Plus they would still have 2 first rd picks. The Browns basically just gain 1 Dak Prescott in this trade.
How? We're losing a franchise QB. That'd be awful for us 
Let's say that Dak is a solid franchise QB. There's not a QB needy team that wouldn't give up the #1 for a franchise QB *and* a first rounder. This sub loves to pretend that Romo is so fragile he'll disintegrate before setting foot on the field. Then what the hells the point of that #1? You draft a QB who you *hope* is solid? Well you just traded away a solid rookie QB, so I don't see the point.
Considering we would probably have to give up AT LEAST 12 Draft picks current+ Future in order to make it work, I think they'd manage. lol
If he doesn't like the destination, he could always retire. Seems like he'd have a lot of say in it. 
What does Bradford have to do to prove himself he did better then Alex Smith this year and with a team around him he could win Teddy is beat up and needs to be traded 
Tell that to his knee.
If you think he will ever be healthy again.
he'll be a FA by the time he's healthy.
Joe Thomas is a lb for the packers! And teddy sucks
But everything's bigger in Texas.
Don't worry he's yours sj39 status 
yeah that would be great for AZ... and terrible for JG.If they trade for him and make him sit the bench for a year there is literally no way he sticks around for 13 mil a year. I agree the cards have to think beyond palmer, but trading a 1st or 2nd for a qb to sit the bench for a year and then offer him an insulting 13 mil a year contract is not a good plan because 13 mil a year will not keep him and they'd have wasted a high pick on a 1 year bench warmer. >The worst thing they could do is go overpay in free agency after next year. It almost never works out.I agree that would be bad. But not as bad as trading a high pick for a backup qb who will get overpaid in FA next season by someone else. It would make a billion times more sense to use that pick on a rookie qb this year to sit a year behind palmer and then next season if he's ready, that's awesome. If he's not, they don't have a huge contract on the books and can look for a trade or FA qb to let the rookie sit and learn some more. 
The Rams aren't even in that bad of a shape concerning picks this year. Sure, we have no first round pick but the third rounder we traded to the Titans is the compensatory pick we will probably receive because we lost Janoris Jenkins to the Giants.Furthermore it is likely that the Rams will receive another compensatory pick for McLeod, probably a fourth or fifth round pick. All in all 7 picks, so not that bad...
I see his value fluctuating team by team. I think he could go for a 4th for the Browns. They have the draft capital for him.
Barron and Hays for Durango and a 5th. 
Still think it's too much. Two seconds and barnidge is a crazy. A second and a sixth plus barnidge is probably what could happen. But honestly barnidge doesn't really add much to this trade
Well then they could just wait for free agency next year when he is a free agent to be fair unless you guys franchise him which will cost a lot of your cap and would most likely be the backup until Brady retires.
I feel BB can make most QBs look somewhat Bradyish. Especially if they've spent the last several years just staring at Brady. 
Biggest issue with it is that you have 1 year to evaluate him unless you want to pay him top 3 QB money for him for the extra 2.  For teams like the Browns, Bears and Niners, this will screw up their cap situation just for a *chance* at a QB who has 2 starts in 3 seasons in the NFL.
Completely different circumstance.  The Vikings had a Quarterback almost get his leg amputated and Bradford has proven it before that he can be a competent starter.  The Vikings also felt that they were a mediocre QB away from the SB and thought the pick would be late 20's Early 30's.  The experiment ended up poorly, but it was better than letting Shaun Hill run the show.  Also they are not a rebuilding franchise.
Those first round picks are on the team for 5 years and given time to develop if they feel they need to.  Jimmy has one year left on his deal.  He had production in 2 games.  Not worth a first.
Thats the thing. Bennet, Hightower, Logan Ryan, are all unrestricted free agents, and Butler is a RFA. key dudes and I wish we could re sign all of them. 
One of those guys is Logan Ryan, who'd become very expendable if they got Haden.
i just don't see the sense in trading Gary away. I also think we should be improving our secondary at 12 or 33, and this plan locks in Howard at 12 (if he's even still there)
Keep Hightower and Logan Ryan. Everyone else can walk and be replaced.
Any is a  bit much. We can comfortably keep hightower and butler and maybe even harmon with plenty of room for more guys. Also, in the past BB hasn't been afraid to change the defensive philosophy depending on the players on the roster.
And what did Barnidge do this year? Not much. 
I was just being silly. He said romo for anybody after all.
That narrative is garbage. Cooks wants to be in New Orleans but was just frustrated after getting shut out for a game. 
What's a quarterback?
KB is good when he actually tries. It seems like he gave up on a lot of plays this year. I'd also kinda concede we could do well without him. With a functioning O-Line instead of turnstiles, Cam can make it work with the WR's he has, like he did in 2015. When KB is on the field, it's like all he sees is Greg and KB. Edit: Still don't wanna get rid of him though, still worth having around.
Wow, I must have totally missed this story. Did this really happen?
I wouldn't say he played above expectations. Kelvin was pretty bad last year; not saying he was supposed to kill it coming off that ACL, just that he didn't play well.
His value might be boosted, but he's still just a RB. They aren't that important anymore and a DB is rather important. Assuming you trade for a DB that isn't extremely old, on his last year of his contract, or on a bloated contract you'd presumably have to give something else up as well.
He has as many career fumbles as TDs, he played pretty well this year, but he's also just a RB in a stacked RB class.
Williams has a lot of say over the defensive roster. Hue brought him in for that exact reason. Ultimately the FO makes roster moves but Hue and Williams have a lot of say.  I bet Williams will have a huge say in this draft as well.   
We have 3 young DTs and Nick Fairley. We have two young OT and one 34 year old one in Strief. See the difference?
Except we are shit at drafting O-line for some reason
Sorry but realistically an aging and regressing Left Tackle wont win you 2 superbowls, it would certainly help but giving up that much draft capital especially when you have some major issues to address on the other side of the ball two is just not a good decision.
lol generational LTs come along all the time...c'mon now. 
Is it? A first rounder is probably 22-23 years old and will be on a team friendly deal for 5 years.Joe Thomas is great, but he's 32 years old and has 2 years left on his deal. Plus, he'll cost $20m total in 2 years (which isn't bad).Is the value of a great tackle who probably isn't going to play at an all-pro level for more than 2 years worth more than the opportunity of a first round pick?
There are very few LTs over 32. Jason Peters is the only one. And he has certainly dropped off the last 2 years.I disagree that first rounder is worth less than maybe 2 years of an all-pro tackle. You're potentially losing 10+ years of a solid contributor at worst for a short term answer at LT.
From a value perspective you're probably right. But the texans have a brand to worry about.
Or they keep Watt, have an even more badass defense and get someone like Tyrod Taylor who is better than Brock, without giving up a key piece to their franchise.Not gonna happen.
You must not have been to Houston in the past five years, this town would burn itself to the ground if we traded the messiah for Tony god damn Romo. I'd be cool with winding up with Romo somehow but Watt isn't going anywhere unless a Rodgers, Luck or Wilson is being offered for some reason.
> But it means nothing if they're stuck with utter incompetence at quarterback.It worked for the Donkeys last year.
That's fair. People need to realize that even if he ever comes back, this is a lingering issue...the big question is if he can play or even walk five years from now after playing in the NFL. He could come back and perform as the same old beast that we know, but the clock is running out and the pain will only increase as he gets older.The window for Watt could be smaller than it is for Romo, especially because the clavicle injuries that have plagued Romo recently are very unlikely to be recurring injuries.
He had a career high in yards this season. And his second straight 1,000 yard season. He's had nearly 3,000 yards over his first 3 seasons. I don't understand how trading him would be a great idea when he's clearly an effective player and still on a rookie deal.
Imo he definitely is.But given his issues with the law and the fact that he can probably demand a large contract in FA, we'd probably have to have a contract worked out before we'd spend any draft capital.Especially with how much Stephen values the draft.
Yes, and Randy Moss was traded for a 4th round pick.
Nah you're right, the team likes to take risks on prospects.Stephen is more tame than Jerry was with his risk taking but we still will gladly take a risk at the right price.Stephen just also values the draft a *lot* more than Jerry and is pretty conservative when it comes to trading capital away.
I'm gonna miss Romo...
You spelled since Namath wrong.
Is Romo even that big of a trap for a team with Forte/Powell/Decker/Marshall, and a solid defense?I mean with Romo this year and a franchise that doesn't somehow seem to allow itself to completely quit, some real leadership from the coaches maybe, the Jets would be legitimate contenders.Todd Bowles is still horrible IMO.
There will be better players available at 6 and it'd be silly of the Jets to reach for a QB in this draft. We have so many other needs and next year's QB class is supposed to be insane
Not trying to bash Watson, but between his size, accuracy issues, and other stuff most teams have a 2-4th round grade on him. I dont actually see any sources from any teams or team beat guys that has him valued before the 40-45th pick
Bradford got a first because of the situation...Vikings were scrambling for a QB. 
I'm curious if Osweiler's deal/year will affect the value of backup QBs becoming potential starters.It would be easy to make the comparison between Jimmy and Brock, both back ups behind all time greats who did well while filling in on the way to a super bowl winning season.
Bradford also gives them a 4th short of us winning the SB this coming year I believe, at which point it becomes a second.
We got a first and 4th, that 4th could have become a second if the vikings played in the superbowl. 
And a 4th
raiders gave up a first and second for palmer when campbell went down. 
I think that speaks even more to my point. It's too high for Garoppolo. 
We're much better off letting him play out his deal than taking the 33 for him.
This is true and I did not think about that.
Exactly, Id rather pay Ryan and Butler than have Haden and his cap hit 
Cyrus wasn't really needed this year in the secondary. Better to give him time to learn than to immediately toss him in a starter position. 
hey at least we ^^have ^^^^Cyrus ^^^^^^^Jones
To be honest I'd be very happy if I was in your shoes. It wouldn't be *that* hard to improve on QB performance and you're already a playoff team. If it all came together soon with an actually good player, that'd be a Super Bowl team.
Why? The Texans have an amazing defense (with elite pass rush talent, possibly the best duo in the league with Watt/Clowney) and some really good pieces in the offense (Fuller and Fiedorowicz are good, Griffin complements well and Hopkins is a Top10 WR easily). With average QB play (this could be even a Osweiler better integrated in O'Brien system. I mean, he WAS able to hold the fort in 2015 Broncos), the Texans is a top contender, right there with Steelers, Pats, Chiefs, Broncos and Raiders.
I feel like that one year of Fitzpatrick was a C+
I'd kill for an average quarterback at this point. I don't want a quarterback that can win games. I just want one that won't lose them.
Hell I'd kill for Wentz right now
The majority of Cowboys fans are blind Romo homers.  Glad when he's gone.
But the point is that Cleveland could build around him
Well it drops by a significant amount that they don't just get Dak Prescott, but let's say that instead of Myles Garrett, they get someone like Taco Charlton at edge instead at the Dallas position.   If someone asked me if I'd rather have Taco Charlton + Dak Prescott on a team with no real franchise QB, or just have Myles Garrett, I wouldn't even think before saying Taco and Dak
I like ...- all of the Cowboy Draft Picks in 2017- all of the Cowboy Draft Picks in 2018 - Dak Prescott For Clevelands First Overall and Cody Kessler
And players 
Bradford is also much more talented than Bridgewater. I like Teddy but he doesn't have the arm to beat teams.
I once was a QB like you then my knee saw more destruction then a fire mate at winterhold. 
There is a good chance he will be
Let's hope not.
Or he's a offensive lineman for the Browns
Wow, I didn't realize you guys were in as good shape as you are. Thanks for the info
Could be. I'd be happy to take a 4th honestly. Not sure how he fits in Wade's scheme. He could play ILB but is it worth scheming around him entirely to protect him? Williams does well with him and I think that's the ideal place for him. Him and Collins would kill it together. 
Not sure they'd give up Drango, he seems like a solid young linemen. Nobody really wants to give those up, hard to come by. 
That conditional second is only if we sign JG to a long term deal. If we do that means we have a FQB and I would  gladly give that up for a FQB
Either that or we give him a decent contract then deal him after the fact. I fully believe that if Belichick thinks Garoppolo is half as good as every Patriots fan seems to think he is he'll do whatever it takes to keep him. 
You clearly have no idea how salary caps work.
That's for the team who trades for him to decide. If they feel like they're a QB away from contending, he's worth it, That's if the pick is lower in the first round. 
> Jimmy has one year left on his deal.And if you believe that he's a franchise quarterback, he's worth a decade of success and there's no price you can pay that's too expensive. Edit: I don't want the Patriots to trade Jimmy Garoppolo, by the way.
Hightower, automatic resign (please)Logan Ryan, signRestructure Gronk's contract, release Bennett.
Even if Haden apparently is a 14M hit to your cap?
I think you can improve the secondary with the 52 and 3rd round.  Grab a CB like Adoree Jackson then a S like Obi.There are some raw but athletically gifted safeties in the 3rd round and beyond that I think Gregg Williams could mold into hybrid safeties. We wouldn't have a FS and SS but two who can do both.
And there are plenty of other Patriots fans who will disagree about who to keep with Hightower.My point is, though, you can't count all of your cap space until you've signed your free agents.
612yds and 2td isn't that bad for the revolving door at QB Cleveland had.Bennett's stats across his career aren't that much better with the exception of 2014
Uhhhh, somewhat similar in stats to Bennett? Bar TDs, but Barnett had cleveland throwing him the ball...
We had 6 different QBs with one being clipboard jesus.  If anyone can utilize Barnidge to his fullest it is TB and BB. 
And I seriously hope that's true. He's an amazing and clear WR1 with some serious speed. I want him if he wants to be here.
What's a football?
yea that's how he got the dad bod 
Coming off a terrible ACL tear and playing with one of the least productive offenses in the league absolutely played better than expected imo. Even Ricky Proehl said he played way better than they anticipated.
 Yes. RT and LT are not the same thing. One is exceptionally hard to find, the other not so much. See the difference?
That's why you're trading for one!
It remains to be seen if Joe will regress our biggest problem is offensive line even if we draft a lineman in the first it will take them a year or two to develop plus it will let Cable fuck them up.  We had Jahari Evans in camp and we cut him rather than even giving him a chance because of fucking Cable.  At this point Cable is a bigger problem than our OC and that is saying a lot.
His Twitter game alone is worth a third
He's 32 with 2 years left on a relatively team-friendly deal. Are you going to trade a first rounder for a guy who will probably drop off significantly in the next 3 years? There are virtually zero starting lineman past 34.
>Is it?Yes>A first rounder is probably 22-23 years old and will be on a team friendly deal for 5 years.The vast majority of first round picks will not be as good as Joe Thomas>Joe Thomas is great, but he's 32 years old and has 2 years left on his deal. Plus, he'll cost $20m total in 2 years (which isn't bad).His deal only adds to the value, 32 isn't old enough that he's expected to drop off suddenly in ability.>Is the value of a great tackle who probably isn't going to play at an all-pro level for more than 2 years worth more than the opportunity of a first round pick?Why wouldn't he continue playing at the same level he has for his entire career (never missing a snap since being drafted I might add)? He hasn't shown any signs of decline whatsoever.
The thing is we can win now and frankly possibly winning it all and now getting our franchise qb killed is worth more than any player we are getting that late in the first.
Especially since Romo is only a temporary solution and hes injury prone, but with Tyrod you get a lot more years of good play and he can actually stay on the field
But he's arguably a piece that gets you over the top. See, you guys have a lot of young players now. The relative value of 2 extra picks doesn't really matter after you've already strung together a couple of good drafts in a row. Sheldon Richardson is a very good player, and he never really quit on the Jets despite their mediocrity. I think in a better environment, he's more likely to stay out of trouble. Besides, its only gonna get harder to draft when you're at the back of the line this year. Odds are, your 3rd and 7th round players aren't going to be better than Sheldon playing your biggest weakness. The defense could be elite if Jaylon pans out. The window for a chip IMO is the next two years. It closes very fast. Dak and Zeke are only going to be cheap for so long. 
Completely different situation. Moss was coming off two injury riddled bad seasons and was openly asking for a trade. Moss' attitude/poor play devalued him. If he had been coming off two elite-caliber seasons, there's no chance he would've been traded for only a 4th round pick.
Chad Pennington tho
With how brittle Romo had been the past 5 years, the Jets' online may not be strong enough.
next year's QB class is insane is a yearly trap. It's also exactly why the browns traded down. 
And the browns haven't had a QB in decades
They had 9 days before the start of the season to find a qb. 
then how about when the eagles overpaid the rams to get him?
I was just about to reply with this before I scrolled down. The difference between Smith/Bradford and Osweiler/Garoppolo is career starts. You knew exactly what your were getting with the former, but the latter is way more up in the air.
Yeah but Brock wasn't filling in for a QB that was playing like an all time great. They benched him for the corpse of Peyton. Jimmy G starts over that version of Peyton IMO. Plus, Os was a FA. With Jimmy G, you don't gotta commit longterm till you get two seasons with him. People are underestimating how valuable a franchise QB is. If you think you got one, you're worth a top 3 pick. As proven with Goff/Wentz Winston/Mariota. I think he's gonna go for a fortune and its gonna stun everybody. The hype for Jimmy is real and he's gonna be highly sought out. I think Shanahan wants his QB and he's eyeing Jimmy with his 2nd overall pick. There is pressure on them to compete especially with Jed firing people left and right. Plus, there is a possible bidding war. All the more reason to jack up the price considerably.  
For a team that hasn't had a franchise QB since the 80s, it's not that bad if you think he's the guy.
But in the context of the Browns, in a way, that second 1st round pick is sort of like a bonus pick.  Any other team, sure it's too much.  But for the Browns, with all their picks, they can afford to take a chance if they're not in love with any of the other options in the draft.    Of course, it also makes sense to take Garrett at #1 and the best QB available at #12.
You're crazy
We'll re-sign Butler, Rowe is still on his rookie deal. We can afford to let Ryan walk and let Cyrus Jones, Jonathan Jones, and someone else compete for the 3rd spot. I know Cyrus had a terrible rookie year but I loved him coming out of college so I haven't written him off yet.
Our QBs since 2013: Matt Schaub, Case Keenum, Ryan Mallet, Ryan Fitzpatrick, Brian Hoyer, TJ Yates, Brandon Weeden, Brock Osweiler and Tom Savage.It feels like it is really hard to get a C+ QB.
Alex Smith for 2 firsts
Brock could improve this year, he wasn't that bad in 2015. And there are some FA options that could get double digit wins with Houston's pieces. Should I dare? Oh I'll dare. Kaep would improve this offense. He doesn't have any accuracy for short throws, but his cannon arm would do wonders to a Hopkins/Fuller duo, and the option with Miller could work
Y'all need the Chiefs haha
... I think Wentz is pretty good.
By trading away their ability to pick up a generational defensive talent No free agent is going to want to go to Cleveland because they got Dak
Tell me more about this [Taco](http://draftbreakdown.com/players/taco-charlton/) you speak of.
Do we look like the Vikings to you? 
But that's not enough, let's add Zeke and all their 1st 2nd and 3rd from 2019, 2020 and 2021
i personally thought bridgewater's ceiling was alex smith and that he had a ways to go before he got there but shit i remember everyone was all over his dick acting like he was the greatest thing since sliced bread. 
To his point, it wasn't specified
No problem. Making compensatory picks tradebale for the first time this year really helped alleviate the consequences of the Goff deal.
I know that the broncos often used 3 safety sets and put TJ ward in as a linebacker during passing situations. I'm assuming barron would excel in that package.
you could let me dream. YOU DONT HAVE TO SHUT DOWN MY DREAMS LIKE MY DAD
Yeah I would too. I still believe barnidge is pointless to both sides in this trade. As a fan I wouldn't be upset to see barnidge leave. Also I doubt the pats see it as that much a gain. 
The amount that he can *possibly* get in the market will probably screw up your cap so much and you lose some of your free agents.  Especially when you re-sign at least Butler and Hightower both as players at the top of their position (and maybe Bennett and Ryan, but I have heard that is an unpopular opinion).  
You know who else looked good in a few starts?  Matt Flynn.Just look at Carson Wentz. In his first four games this season he had 7 TDs and 1 INT, completed 67.4% of his passes and averaged 252 yards per game. Through his next 12 games he threw 9 TDs and 13 INTs, completed 62% of his passes and averaged 231 yards per game.  When you get tape on a guy, they look worse.
You are only saying this because of the fact he is on your team and you want a first.  In reality, if you are a team rebuilding, like the Browns and Bears currently are, you are trying to build your team through the draft and not willing to trade the picks that you have (that can easily change your franchise for years to come).  You lose your cap to rebuild because you take a risk on a player who has 2 starts like I said before.  Just look at Carson Wentz. In his first four games this season he had 7 TDs and 1 INT, completed 67.4% of his passes and averaged 252 yards per game. Through his next 12 games he threw 9 TDs and 13 INTs, completed 62% of his passes and averaged 231 yards per game. When you get tape on a guy, they look worse.
I'd love to keep all four but the one I see gone for sure is Bennett. It sucks we barely got to see he and Gronk on the field at all and maybe he'll prove me wrong and re sign but I doubt it. 
Rumor I've been hearing lately is that Ryan wants to get paid, which he probably will on the open market. He played 16 games, had 92 tackles and 2 INT so he'll probably get around $10 million/year. They can swing that $4 million in cap space if they want to.
I'll pass on raw but athletic DBs for now, still sour over the last couple we've had
I just see Barnidge thriving on the Pats with TB at QB. He is also on an extremely team friendly 3 year contract and would let you spend your money elsewhere.
Still no. BB wants a first rounder for Jimmy regardless.
He ran slow, sloppy routes and didn't show up in crunch time. He also appeared lazy at times and I'm pretty sure Rivera called him out for it by benching him at one point.
Thats true, you cant really get a long term solution at a position with bad management.
> Why wouldn't he continue playing at the same level he has for his entire careerBecause no player does. There is a reason he's the 2nd oldest starting LT in the NFL. Tackles wear out quickly. 
Your line needs a lot more than a good LT.
Oh I'm not personally arguing against the trade.I just don't think this actually would ever happen *because* of how conservative Stephen is and how much he values the draft.It's cool to think about though
Good dude, really accurate QB, played a full season twice. From 2002 to when he left after the 2007 season he played 15, 10, 13, 3, 16, and 9. His starts are 12, 9, 13, 3, 16, and 8.I love the dude, but he was not a franchise QB.
Vinny Testaverde 
Well sure, if we presume that him getting hurt is a certainty then he is a trap for anyone.
It is to an extent, but next year's QB prospects are the best there's been since Luck and RGIII. Still, the last thing the Jets need is another QB they're unsure of
But they have two first rounders, including number 1 overall. Technically they have the of the litter for all qbs
Bradford and a fifth for Foles, a 4th and a second? That's not really bad value...Bradford is at least a starter. 
Even with more starts from him there is still recency bias.  Osweiler was such a huge bust that its probably lurking in every Coach/GMs mind.
Backup QB is an extremely important position and a quality backup with virtually no cap hit is more valuable still. If the Browns offer the 33 we should laugh in their face and tell them to go fuck themselves. It's not even close to worth it.
So we'll have Rowe, Jones, Jones, and probably a draft pick and/or UDFA competing for the 2nd CB spot.  None of that fills me with much confidence.
Rowe wasn't particularly impressive as the nickel corner, so I don't know why you're confident in having him be CB2.
The only player on that list that you should expect to be C+ for your investment was Osweiler.
I'd suck a dick to take Rodgers from you.
Uhh, yes, they will?
Fatality
Not yet
Kind of yeah both mega stadiums that are clearly overcompensating for things with their giant video boards.
Yeah, but we're paying him a ton of money. Too much to just be a subpackage player. 
Sorry bb 
I think Pats would like Barnidge with Bennett hitting FA and Gronk with his health issues
Butler is a restricted free agent, we won't be signing him to top market value when we have that sort of leverage. Also pats have a lot of cap space this off season, depending on free agency plans between now and next season, I could see the team franchising Jimmy. Can always trade him while he's on the tag too, isn't that what happened with Cassel?(I try to forget the dark days of 2008)
Matt Flynn went undrafted. Why do you people keep comparing the situations of undrafted players like Brian Hoyer and Matt Flynn to Garoppolo who was a 2nd rounder?
> You are only saying this because of the fact he is on your team and you want a first.I don't want the Patriots to trade Jimmy Garoppolo for anything because I think he can be a franchise quarterback for the next 10-15 years. >In reality, if you are a team rebuilding, like the Browns and Bears currently are, you are trying to build your team through the draft and not willing to trade the picks that you have (that can easily change your franchise for years to come).The modern NFL hinges on the quarterback position. You get the quarterback, the entire direction of your franchise changes. If you don't have the guy at that position in 2017, you're going nowhere. 
The Eagles also had one of their best lineman suspended, which affected Wentz's performance a lot.
Considering Haden's age and recent injury history, and the way Logan played down the stretch, I think I'd rather have Logan for $10 than Haden for $14 (plus the assets you'd give up in a trade) 
Well unless Houston or KC trades for JG I don't see them getting a first.  Unless the Browns trade out of 12 into the bottom half of the first round.
You guys REALLY love to overvalue Garappolo, just because that's what the Patriots say he's worth, don't you?
No player plays as well forever, obviously, but find me evidence that shows a player immediately drops off at 32. Otherwise you're just guessing. Thomas has been playing at a high level for 9 seasons and hasn't shown any signs of slowing down.I think what you *mean* to say is that *in your opinion* Thomas may not play at the same level the next two years. And to that I would simply say that I vehemently disagree.
At this point, he needs to realize that its time to load this team up ready to win a SB. You need to take advantage of your team now. You can afford to take more chances now that you've established the nucleus of your team. 
I get what your saying, but 3 broken bones behind what's widely considered the best of line isn't the strongest stat. He sure can play when he's healthy though 
> they two first rounders Exactly, which is why they can get jimmy g and still have a first round pick. It makes more sense to trade for a QB that you think can step in and play well right now, as opposed to taking a chance on a QB in the first round, which they've done **3 times in the past 10 years** and *still* don't have a QB
Except all the QBs in this draft class kind of suck or at least need development in the league before they're starter quality.Jimmy doesn't need that time, he's ready to go now. If a team can work out a trade & sign deal, I could easily see him commanding a first rounder in return.
Files was coming off the 27td and 2int season wasn't he? I remember he was a consensus top 10 QB for a while. 
You're crazy. The 33rd overall pick is much more valuable than a backup QB for 1 season.
I know. But it feels awkward. There were 7 other guys (Schaub was really good before his injury) we tried that were around in the league for some time and not a single guy could perform like a C+ QB. Last year every QB would just throw to Hopkins and who ever hit him the most got the job.The real problem is that our FO has realised that getting a B- QB is just a gamble and that they hate it. So we don't invest our top 2 draft picks for a QB and hope that, once in a blue moon, we get a QB that can be league average and use all the weapons this team has to take us to a SB.
Myles Garrett is better at his position (a position that is harder to find good talent at than QB), and people won't swarm to the Browns for a good-not-great QB. That's not to say Dak won't improve over his career, but it's exactly that sort of short-term thinking that has the Browns failing to rejuvenate the franchise after years of mediocrity
Flawless victory
Keep drinking, lil buddy...you'll get there. 
I don't really watch the browns. How are his hands and how is he at blocking?
I don't think there's any chance BB wants Barnidge in a trade when he's already 31. We have always drafted/evaluated tight ends well, I'd expect the Pats to grab a kid in May and bring in a cheap veteran before camp.
If someone offers Butler top CB value, which he deserves based on his play, you guys either match it or let him walk which is what RFA means. 
Because where a player got drafted does not matter on their trade value at the current time.  Is Blake Bortles worth a top 3 pick now because he was drafted in the top 3?  No.  I don't care about a players value based on where they get drafted.
You wait to get your guy through the draft.  In the mean time you can draft players at positions that will help the Quarterback when you find him in the draft.  You are mortgaging what you think will be a future superstar in the league at the #12 pick.  If you get rid of that pick and Jimmy flounders his first year, they have to let him walk and poof that first round pick just vanishes.  Again.  2 starts.  You risk your franchise for it.  Makes more sense for the Pats to keep him because they do not have to give anything away to acquire him, but the Browns should not risk the plan they have going for them in the first round with 2 good picks on players that could eventually change the franchise.
Joe Haden is 10 months older than Ryan, it's not much of a difference. His injury history is overstated, he had concussion issues in 2015 but those appear to be over now and the groin issue he had this past season can be managed by a good training staff.
yes? Do you know better than the pats? nope. Ultimately it's up to the pats what he's worth. I don't want any of the browns players.
Yep. If the Panthers learned anything this past year, it's that Super Bowl windows are shorter than you think. Our team learned the hard way too
Yeah but the thing is they don't have to. If they ever feel the price is too steep for jimmy G they can take their pick for any other qb. Also different FO. Those previous qbs have nothing to do with this FO. 
Woah wait what? QB is definitely harder to find talent at than edge rusher.  And secondly, we dont even know if Garrett is better, theres a higher bust chance with a draftee than there is with a rookie, especially if he was the OROY, and in a hard position to play.
Bad blocking very reliable hands. 
I thought we would also receive draft compensation from the team he signed with were we to not match the offer, but then again, I could be mixing it up with something else
You don't know what you are talking about.
>Again. 2 starts.You keep saying this. We can agree to disagree on the overall debate, that's fine. But there's more to see with Jimmy Garoppolo than *just* two starts in the regular season. My opinion on Jimmy Garoppolo is based off of watching him with my eyes in both the preseason and the regular season. From what I have seen, I believe that he can play the position at a high level. Things like his quick release, decisiveness, accuracy, ability to make his reads, go through his progressions and mobility stand out as I have watched him over the past few years. What he did in two regular season starts is just a part of the entire equation. It's obviously not a guarantee and he could certainly flame out.Again, we can disagree on the argument. I think he's worth taking a risk on, you don't. There's nothing wrong with that and you make perfectly fair arguments. It's just that you're sort of making it sound like Jimmy Garoppolo is just another guy with little to no potential.
Haden also sucks.
This isn't 2014. Haden hasn't played well for 2 seasons. Unless he has a huge comeback, it is absolutely not worth it. 
Of course your team is going to say he's worth that much so they can try and win the trade. Are you that dense? 
I don't see the pats going gaga over a tight end that doesn't block well. 
I believe you are correct about that.
I mean whatever they choose to accept for him is how much he's worth. Are you that dense?
Good Guy Vikings
New stadium aside, it'd be a dick move to charge more for seats to a team that just choked their way out of the playoff race.
Watching Bradford for 16 games is punishment enough 
No, its about making money.
This is the sound of fear ^
and AP won't be there unless he accepts a pay cut.
Why are you so anti-Bradford? Any article that is posted here about him has you dragging his name across the floor.
Says the Detroit resident
Yeah, spooky Sam Bradford.
AD has to except a pay cut anywhere he goes. 12mil is a tall order for an aging RB.
I honestly don't get the hate either. He started 14 of 16 games last year and nearly all this year. He has good accuracy and a decent arm. I definitely don't think he is qb purgatory. 
He's scared of the Vikings because he knows the Lions are going back to mediocrity next year. They had 8 4th quater comebacks last year, no way that trend continues. 
Everyone has their own opinions, his is just wide left of yours.
Because he is QB purgatory and people need to realize QB purgatory is worse than ass QB play 
Sp00ky is how we roll in Minnesota.
His downfield touch is absurd.  Dude's scary accurate.It's not his fault that his receivers drop the ball when it hits them in the hands.
Yeah, I agree. This guy has been shit talking Bradford for awhile though, so who knows what his problem is.
Constantly needing better WRs, constantly needing OL. Always chasing pieces with that. See Stafford, Smith etc 
>going back to mediocrityWait, we left?
We are. But I'm not scared of the Vikings 
Just Blaire-ing your incite. 
Actually I would consider the Lions to be purgatory. You have a HoF capable player in Stafford, you had Calvin Johnson, lost Suh. I mean, obviously the Vikes have had their share of defeat, but come on. 
Stafford must suck ass then, since we went to the playoffs with Ponder.
That was with the eagles. Our receivers did a pretty good job of catching balls that should be caught. The problem was that routes deeper than 10ish yards were hard to pull off because he had almost no time to throw.
You'll see soon 
Don't forget Barry
Never said we weren't. So are the Chiefs with Smith. You need QBs/Systems that can produce talent. Look at the four teams this year. You don't have to constantly bail Brady out with talent 
We went to the playoffs with Stafford. What's your logic? Stafford is QB purgatory too lol 
Correct.Was talking about the Eagles there.
Chiefs have something blocking them from moving forward, but I'm not sure it is Smith. He's a good QB, but it definitely could be him. It could also be their receivers. And I think the Vikes' system will work once we replace the wet paper bag that was supposed to protect Sam. 
This is my exact point. They don't produce talent. Always need to add add add. It's never develop. How come we always clammer when NE gets someone. Think about it. Who was the last WR Alex Smoth made good? Who was the last WR Bradford made good. Same thing with Stafford. Have to bring in talent because they cannot make talent . 
I think you need to provide them a bare minimum, at least-someone who has the potential. With Sam we had Patterson show back up, Thielen, and Diggs. We almost had two 1000 yard receivers for the first time since Moss/Carter, and that's from Sam throwing it as quickly as he can to avoid getting sacked. The first five weeks of the season we looked alright, and then our offensive line died. Sam still broke the NFL completion percentage record. 
Sigh. Enough with the completion percent record, you just stated why it happened. Your offense became a riskless checkdown machine due to the OL. 23rd in TDs . No risk no reward, the same thing we shoot the Chiefs down for. Matt Ryan's drop in completion % was supplemented with more attempted intermediate and deep shots. It's about efficiency. To clammer that your offense was even remotely respectable is unfair, and you should know that. The defense is fantastic , so why didn't you win games
There was no time for him to throw down the field. Believe it or not, though, there are some down field highlights from us this year. And, again, all of this stems from the offensive line problems. He had to check down because there was no time for a play to develop. 
Don't let this distract you from the fact that the Falcons blew a 28-3 lead in the Superbowl. 
The NFC South has also only had back to back winners twice, and all 3 other teams are a piece or two away from being contenders. The Falcons will definitely have their work cut out for them next season 
The NFC south cycle got broken for a few years so now it's back and lusts for blood, see last year's MVP/Super Bowl losers
So is this the official daily Let's shit on the Falcons post?
Stop. They're already dead.
NFC South is the only division since realignment to send all four teams to the Super Bowl. In addition to that, from 2002-2007, an NFC South team was in the NFC Championship and in the 14 seasons played since realignment, an NFC South team has been in the NFC Championship 9 out of those 14 seasons as well as being the NFC Champions 5 times.
Beautiful. It just keeps getting better and better 
Thank goodness we're back to shitting on the Falcons.  I was starting to get withdrawals.  
[:')](http://giphy.com/gifs/snl-saturday-night-live-snl-2016-3o6Zt7R02Q62fxgChq)
That's rough. I'm really pulling for the Falcons, it'd especially be cool to see them win Super Bowl LIII in their own stadium (obviously if the Dolphins or Lions don't make it), that'd be insane. 
Well no shit. We didn't have back to back winning seasons until 2009, regardless of playoff wins or not.
WE VOLUNTEER AS TRIBUTE AS THE NEXT NFC REPRESENTATIVE IN THE SUPERBOWL! 
Tbf it took us a long ass time to get back to back winning records 
Not to mention how hard next season's schedule is.Gonna be a tough one.
We seem to be including even records so I don't see any reason why we should exclude this season, the one where they blew a 25 point lead. 
The Falcons won't make the playoffs next year. I'm not sure how long it will take them to bounce back, but 15 years wouldn't surprise me. Look at the Vikings after '98, the Rams after '01, the Panthers after '03, or even the Cardinals after '08.
Falcons will be like this years Panthers. 
#DYNASTY
Don't let that distract you from the fact that the Indians blew a 3-1 series lead 
Don't let that distract you that Ohio State lost 31-0 to Clemson.
NFC South is tough, despite our records.We have the last two nfc super bowl participants just 2 years after our dumpster fire season, and all 4 teams could be contenders next season.
We broke the cycle with a loop hole . The year we went 7-8-1 everyone else in the division sucked too. 
Official hourly is more like it.
No you're thinking of the browns.
I am okay with this trend :3
Some people like that
We wil RISE UP again just like a majestic pheonix....MARK MY WORDS... now back to crying for the next week or so
But yet we never get talked about when it comes to the most powerful divisions talk. I think one reason is all 4 of our teams are in smaller market cities.
I hope so, I've been predicting all season that Matt Ryan will regress to being his usual okay-pretty good self just like how Cam regressed this season.  They both had outlier seasons, and I think people way overestimated both of them.
You mean die nasty.
Don't let this distract you from the fact that the Nazis lost a war where they controlled over 75% of Europe.
Dont let that distract you from the fact that the Golden State Warriors blew a 3-1 series lead
Don't let Ohio State losing to Clemson distract you from the fact that's Alabama blew a 10 point 4th quarter lead in the National Championship Game to Clemson when Nick Saban was 97-0 when winning by 10+ going into the 4th quarter.
Don't let that distract you from the fact that Urban Meyer is undefeated against Michigan
Don't let that distract you from the fact that Green Bay lost 44-21
NFC South is the division of QBs. It's gonna be a tough out for the next couple of years at least.
That's a stretch 
Don't let this distract you from that thing you forgot to do today.
Don't let this distract you from the fact that North Korea blew a peninsula lead to America.
lol I haven't seen this one before
Don't let that distract you from the fact that Nadal blew a 3-1 lead in the 5th set against Federer at the Australian Open.
Wrong. Michigan beat an Urban led Florida team.
Best game of the season
Yeah but that also means if we don't find a suitable replacement to brees you guys can laugh at us plenty in a few years :/
>could be Panthers were in the SB last year and had an injury plagued seasonThe Bucs are a young team on the come up that was competing for a wildcard spot last season, and I'd only expect Jameis to get betterThe Saints have Drew BreesThe Falcons just made it to the SB, and aren't losing any vital pieces as far as I knowNow it's the NFCS so anybody could crash and burn (hopefully not us this time), but it's hardly a stretch to say those teams *could* contend. 
Oh no, my souffl!
Don't let this distract you from the fact that Bret screwed Bret. 
This isn't actually that significant in tennis. He probably only broke Federer once, which is fairly common in tennis.
Don't let Michigan beating Florida in the 2008 Capital One Bowl distract you from the fact that /u/beyardo thought that Urban Meyer was undefeated against Michigan.
I'd upvote that 1000 times if I could.
The Saints have Drew Brees but how has that worked out for them the past couple years?
Don't let his souffle distract you from the fact that Ohio State lost to Clemson 31-0.
and ill upvote superbowl 51 memes for eternity
To be fair, we've been in kind of a rebuilding mode since 2013. We have one the youngest defenses and they have slowly been getting better. This past season, our defense performed way better than our dumpster fire 2015 season. 
Don't let Ohio State losing to Clemson 31-0 distract you from the fact that Jim Harbaugh has never won a conference championship as a college football coach.
I'm in Broncos country, so everyone around me was rooting against Brady while I was rooting against the Falcons. It was a pretty damn satisfying second half. 
That's not saying much at all.
I was in broncos country for superbowl 50 so I kinda had the opposite where I was arm in arm with em cheering against the panthers lol
It says they could be like the Falcons this year. Elite offense paired with a defense that holds the opposition to just enough to win.
Aww thanks panther bro :)
Ewww get away from me.
BoB will probably be blamed for Brock being shit.
Kyle Shanahan.
Todd Bowles seems like a stabilizing influence, his only major sin was keeping Fitzpatrick as the starter after the Kansas City disaster. Trouble is that if Hack struggles he's going to get canned for sure.
All I'm saying is, Bill Belichick better not regress next year. We don't need any more of that 12-4 bullshit.
According to their fans, Mike McCarthy. 
Bruce Arians
Sean Payton
Mike Tomlin
If ESPN has any say it's Sean Payton.  He's off to Dallas or LA every year it seems.  
I can't believe no one has said Jim Caldwell. Guy outperforms expectations every year but always seems to be on the Fords' hit list. 
Harbaugh
Gonna go Hue Jackson. It's possible he can get some respectable gains from the team this year, but will it be enough? 
John Harbaugh isn't on the hot seat but he's on the lukewarm and could become hot by the end of the year/going into next year seat.
Would Doug Pederson count? I can see him on the we don't want to lose Schwartz, so we're firing you and promoting him hot seat if their offense doesn't really progress.
Ron Rivera 
Maybe Zimmer. But you can't blame him for losing his qb though.
Mike zimmer 
If BoB gets fired he's for sure going to Indy to coach Andrew Luck.Fuck this finding a QB shit I'll take that neckbeard motherfucker to a Superbowl
Kind of sucks.  He doesnt really pop out to me as being a great coach watching him on hard knocks but he really is.  Very underrated.  
If Brock doesn't get any better, is it at least partially on him?
It does seem rather unfair...
[removed]
I dunno. They quit on him late in the season. That Colts - Jets game was truly awful. Jets had no heart.
The 10-6 was a fluke, they're in full rebuild mode as their team is seriously lacking talent anywhere but the Dline and Forte, yet they're saddled with bad expensive contracts from underperforming players. Bowles should get 3-5 more years to see what he can do, but the modern NFL just doesn't work that way. He'll probably be gone if this season plays out like 2016 again. 
Bowles had some real problems with game management as well as the Fitz situation. He made a lot of very poor decisions in kicking/punting situations while not being very good with timeouts. Bowles has definitely brought discipline to the team which means the stupid penalties are almost non existent. He just needs to have a middling year and I think he will be brought back for one more. 
He was bad in clock management, he didn't hold players accountable for performance and there's a lot of questions could be raised with how he runs the defense. The overlaying reason is rooted in that Bowles is slow to change and risk-averse. 2016 it just seems like he chalked it up to not executing better rather than the execution itself. 
You're going to get downvoted for this, but the team hasn't gone 14-2 nearly as often as it should have over the last decade.
McCarthy's not bad, but Dom Capers really does need to go. The Packers defense has been a weak spot for a while.
McCarthy is only one the hot seat if Ted steps down and the new GM wants his own guy. Even then, I'm guessing they wouldn't hire a GM who's immediate plan was fire the SB-winning HC. That's assuming we don't go like 5-11 or something, lol.
Bruce is more likely to retire than anything else
Bruce isn't on any kind of hot seat. The only way Bruce isn't AZ's HC next offseason is if he retires.
http://i.imgur.com/UPSV0dH
lmao this is the cardinals, who the fuck are we going to replace him with? Bruce is loved here he has a shitload of equity and deservedly so; in 4 seasons we are 10-6, 11-5, 13-3 and one shitty fluky year of 7-8-1. 
I don't know, the Saint's have stagnated over the past 3 years, if  they can't post a winning record you have to wonder if its time to change things up.
This time for real
Care to expound on that? Interested to see why you feel that way. 
Wasn't there some rumor at one point that the Broncos or Rams were going to trade for him?  
I understand where your coming from but it's more the players (in particular Stafford) who drag us to wins especially with all the 4th quarter comebacks. He fails to make any 2nd half adjustments and also makes rookie mistakes 
Agree with this. The problem isn't Harbaugh, it's that the team has no playmakers whatsoever and has so many injured players every year. Sack the entire training staff because they aren't doing their job, and get some playmakers on both sides of the ball, then the team would be back in the playoff hunt.But no, they'll probably just keep giving Harbaugh next to nothing to work with and then fire him because he couldn't polish the turd into a diamond.
I hope they wise up and keep him around. A lot of teams are truly rebuilding, but none are in a better position to do so than the Browns. Nothing will continue the cycle of top 5 picks like firing coaches though. 
I don't see that happening. If he went full Chip and lost control of the team maybe but even if he goes like 5-11 I think he'll get at least one more year. Lurie seems to know it takes a few seasons to add talent (please Lord) and get a winning culture in place
I really think it'll depend on how the season goes.  Hard to fire him if he's 9-7 or better, but if the team starts tanking to a 6-10 record or worse...yeah I can see it.
Truly the darkest timeline.
If Pagano gets fired probably. If not he may be more likely to go to Jags/Titans as an OC.
Oh god. I love the Texans and I hate the Colts, and yet it would be such karmic justice...
Iirc, the GM may be forcing Brock on him.
Well there is a bit of a trend...
Reported for making a fanbase attack.
I think the roster might really be that bad. The comeback win against the 9ers tells me they haven't abandoned Bowles, it's just that they can't compete against top rosters.
10-6 was not a fluke by any means. That was a decent football team. 
Forgive my ignorance but how often do you expect the pats to go 14-2? Since 2001 thats happened 4 times for them. Even with the longevity the pats have had since 2001, 4/16 (1/4) 14-2 seasons doesnt seem out of place for the franchise. Any given sunday, ya know?
The defense has been ranked in the top half of the league by DVOA most of the years Rodgers has started.  It's just this year that it's been really bad, and aren't Packers fans always talking about how injured their defense was?
Pretty much this, there's always the more extreme fans that want the whole franchise gutted. While Dom does need to go I think the problem right now is there really isn't a good replacement that comes to mind. And MM has his questionable moments but overall he is a solid head coach
[That would be a kick in the balls.](https://imgur.com/jY74w) 
Arians has a bit more pull than every other first time HC as well. I agree, if he goes anywhere in the next two seasons, it's because of retirement. 
You don't think he has any pressure coming off of this season? The team has a lot of talent and I'm sure a lot of people expected them to do better than sub .500
Super talented roster that can never seem to put it all together and go on a convincing run. All things considered, the Steelers have underperformed which I think some people might attribute to coaching. 
I think after all the Jeff Fisher nonsense there were rumors the Rams would trade for him.  Didn't hear anything about the Broncos.
And he's a damn good coach we were 1 drive away from making it with that roster
*dankest
He'd probably find HC'ing somewhere if he were to get fired3 straight winning seasons, 2 playoff appearances in a row and all with one of, if not the worst QB situations in the leagueHe's been a pretty damn good HC so far
Yeah only if Pags gets fired of course.
No chance, I want BoB to get the recognition he deserves *in Houston.* Plus I'm really not down with the Colts having good coaching.
Yeah I agree with you on the roster point. Honestly, the Jets need to blow the whole thing up. Mangold, Decker, Marshall, Forte.. just get rid of all those contracts for old dudes. Accumulate picks, trade down, and just get young. Let Hackenberg and Petty battle it out for the starting QB job. Maybe they are ready to compete for the division in a few years when Brady hangs it up.
That comeback was because the 49ers  Kaepernick kept going 3-0 in the second half. You didn't really need effort to beat the 49ers that day. 
With a good football coach.
Maybe I don't remember it as well, but despite a few injures aren't they essentially the same team? Sure Decker was a big one, but was he 6 wins big? I think 5-11 is truer to their talent than 10-6. 
Most years I feel like the team should. Call it 50/50 for those years as to actually hitting that goal.My original post was slightly tongue in cheek, but they really have had some disappointing 12-4 years.
The defense is crap.  Anyone who actually watches games sees horrible play calls by Capers.  Looking at all of our playoff losses under Capers our defense gave up an average of 36 points.
I understand your point, but he has won them 2 rings despite what Terry Bradshaw says about his coaching. And the Steelers don't fire coaches. 
Having Bell, Brown, and Ben at the same time would help. Something they've never really had good luck with. 
He's won a super bowl and they just played in the AFCCG.  People need to calm down, there's only one team that finishes the season happy each year.
I am so out on Payton.  He is a great coach I am sure but I do not like his one sided offense.  
Maybe the Lions would give him a shot if they give up on Caldwell. Or Bengals because they need someone to slap several of their players across the face.
Probably? Absolutely he'd get another HC gig. 
Getting rid of Mangold and Decker would be a poor decision. Mangold might be old but he still is an important part of the line and Johnson just isn't able to keep the line together like mangold does. Decker is still a great receiver and a key red zone threat. Marshall and Forte can go though. We have a lot of good WR and Powell is plenty good to replace Forte(if anything Powell was criminally underutilized all year).
Ha. Assuming Tom Brady will retire eventually. We all know he's a cyborg.
Fitz played like shite this season and Matt Forte shit the bed. 2 players playing shitty this season compared to last doesn't mean they were a fraud team last year when they were good, they just fell apart completely this season after the first few weeks unfolded.
The 2015 jets had Damon Harrison, healthy top tier Revis, Chris Ivory, healthy Decker, properly used Powell, Fitz on point, a good schedule, and a healthy Wilkerson. 2016 they lost harrison and ivory, revis and decker and wilk were injured in some way, Fitz regressed majorly, Powell wasn't used for some reason, and the schedule was way harder. 
Haha fair enough then just curious really.And, no doubt, you have the strongest reasons to be confident in your teams record. Im just a firm believer that any given sunday can be a real bitch to a teams otherwise great season. 
Agreed - like last season. Started 10-0 but lost 4 of their last 6 to finish 12-4. Included the ugly loss to the Eagles when our ST imploded, and a baffling loss to the Dolphins to lose home field.
Dear lord this is the most spoiled comment I've ever read on this site.
Okay, but in 2016 you scored 21 points.  In 2015 you scored 20 points.  In 2014 you scored 22 points.  In 2013 you scored 20 points.  2012 you have a fair complaint, you scored 31 and you gave up 45.  That was Kaepernick's read option game.  2011 you scored 20 points, and in 2010 you won the Super Bowl.  That year and 2009 you ended the playoffs on good offensive performances, one was a win and one was a loss.  So yes, maybe your defense needs to step it up in the playoffs, but so does your offense.
And that 36 points is even worse than it sounds since the only teams to score 36+ points over the course of an entire season were the '07 Pats and '13 Broncos.
2?  Cowher got SB 40, Tomlin got SB43, if I'm not mistaken.  Got them back to 45 but lost to GB.
Exactly, which is why he shouldn't be on the hot seat but might be
*1, Bill Cowher was the HC in 2005
His offense is great, it's just he has no idea how to run a defense as well.  He just appoints people to DC and they are in charge.  We'll see what happens this year.  I don't necessarily believe he's on the hot seat but we fired a few coaches that were under performing that were his buddies.  If we go 7-9 again with this offense his butt is definitely on fire.
No thx I like BoB and don't want to root for him to fail.
Fitz played like Fitz. Last year was his uncharacteristic year. The whole team shit the bed compared to last season, but that doesn't mean they didn't over achieve in 2015. Look at their roster, I don't think there's a single position group that is truly set as is. WRs is close, but they need more depth. 
You're welcome
Sorry. It's not like Pats fans deserve a team this good, this often, and there are certainly more middling years in the mix... but there are a lot of years over the last decade where the team really was good enough to go 14-2.
20 is enough to win a playoff game.  Asking your offense to average 37 to win playoff games seems unreasonable.Also, is it possible our offense would have gotten more time/possessions if our defense didn't give up 37 points?Go back and look again.Cards | we give up 51 the year they average 23ppgGiants | we give up 37 the year they average 25 ppgSF | we give up 45 the year they average 25 ppg Second SF game we actually hold them below their average. So we can claim the D did their job.Seattle averages 25 and we give up 28Don't even get me started on the ATL game.  Yes we missed Shields.  But we missed him all year.  Anyone who saw that game saw Julio Jones wide open.  The ONE guy you don't want to leave open and we give him tons of space.Simply put Capers is crap.
You're right. I knew that they had been to two with Tomlin, but only glanced at his Wikipedia to be sure and saw he had two rings. His other ring was with the Bucs. Still, I don't think he's on the hot seat. 
Steelers are so loathe to change coaches though, I don't think Tomlin would be on the hot seat even if the Steelers went 7-9 or worse.
Yup. Messed up glancing at his Wikipedia page when I was trying to be sure he had two rings. 
> He just appoints people to DC and they are in charge.To be fair, it's worked in the past.  Joe Gibbs (severely undermentioned in GOAT HC discussions) was pretty open that his idea of coaching defense was simply telling his DC Richie Petitbon don't let them score! while he went off and coached up the offense.You gotta have the horses on D to do that and a great DC to be able to wash your hands of it that way, obviously.
They almost beat the pats twice that season though, they also had good wins over the Giants, Dolphins, and the (bias) Redskins (they went to the playoffs) look I'm not saying they were good as fuck I'm just saying it wasn't flukey. Don't be surprised if they snap back this year if they get an average QB. I see 2017 a 50/50 toss for them as this point, it's either gonna be above average or total shit. Who knows with that front office.
My point is that both offense and defense are not blameless.  And 20 points is not good enough to win a playoff game, unless you're the 2013 Seahawks or the 2015 Broncos.I wouldn't really count the Seahawks if I were you, they only scored 22 in regulation.  That leaves 3 out of 6 bad defensive performances.
Depends on what you define as the hot seat. The Rooney's are 99.9% most likely not firing him, but I think we'll hear more negative media coverage should the Steelers struggle, which in and of itself is a type of hot seat
Which would be a first for him btw
[; )](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/-8G3EfDgMzdk/Vs-Uzzmfu6I/AAAAAAAAQY4/EqCMLfT_uoo/w1200-h1200/Peyton-Manning-to-the-Raiders.jpg)
[Who'd thunk it](http://everyjoe.com/files/2009/11/krtphotoslive382149-SPORTS-FBN-LION-Brett-Favre.jpg)
http://www.sportsmanias.com/images/gallery/21-rival-jersey/display/Tom-Brady-to-the-Jets.jpg
Vikings legend in a rival uniformhttp://sportsthenandnow.com/wp/wp-content/uploads/2016/02/Favre-Packers-HOF.jpg
[Sherman as a Patriot](http://imgur.com/a/xZCbW)
Dallas Cowboys star WR Odell Beckham? http://i.imgur.com/MQveLTH.jpg 
[A patriot legend forever](https://images.duckduckgo.com/iu/?u=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.patriotsgab.com%2Fwp-content%2Fuploads%2F2015%2F02%2FtempSB49KN_070-nfl_mezz_1280_1024.jpg&f=1)
http://i.imgur.com/onWkLxk.png
ITT: People in actual uniforms on teams that they actually played for
Someone photoshop an NFL cornerback into a Packers jersey.
Bears fans would love this http://www.sportsmanias.com/images/gallery/21-rival-jersey/display/Aaron-Rodgers-to-the-Bears.jpg
Drew Breeshttps://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/originals/5f/62/b8/5f62b8fc9312379e979b1fdc40324c39.jpg
[Found this beauty](https://usatftw.files.wordpress.com/2016/09/peytonpats.jpg?w=1000&h=600&crop=1)
Even though it would never happen, [this](http://blacksportsonline.com/home/wp-content/uploads/2015/03/revis2.jpg)
http://imgur.com/HrMjD4d
Where's that Sam Bradford picture?
[The Jets next QB](http://i.imgur.com/phhHJly.jpg)
[Falcons legend](http://media.cmgdigital.com/shared/lt/lt_cache/thumbnail/615/img/photos/2013/04/23/40/fc/pick-favre.jpg)
[When Palmer retires and its time for another old QB](https://scontent-lax3-2.xx.fbcdn.net/v/t34.0-12/16296145_1348030561926982_175798183_n.jpg?oh=8119da7bdf6121db4c18d4a77409af66&oe=58A2E8D2)
I mean I just posted [this](http://espn1005.com/wp/wp-content/plugins/rss-poster/cache/29e77_nfl_manning_brady_freaky_sunday_b2_576x324.jpg) in a separate thread a few hours ago, but it's relevant again so...
For some odd ass reason the Vikings constantly make actual uniforms for our players. 
[Mike Glennon](http://i.imgur.com/2ROAtva.png) (Not photoshopped though.)
http://m.imgur.com/2mHkHD6
[Colts Legend](http://kickoffcoverage.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/03/andre-johnson_pg_600.jpg)
[I'm gonna die](http://www.tradingcarddb.com/Images/Cards/Football/3998/3998-77Fr.jpg)
[Eat shit on what could have been dickwads.](http://i.imgur.com/HA7xxAl.jpg)
[Here you go](http://okiraqi.org/oil-in-action).
NO
That's fucked up. 
Lmao
Gross.
Wow he actually looks better and more fitting in that uniform than in Colts/Bronco Unis.
I knew this was coming haha. 
Jets legend Brett Favre?
That's a pretty good shoop. Can barely see the pixels. 
Uh shouldn't he be in a Packers jersey?
makes me sad to look at that.
Funnily enough, if they keep BB, they get Dick Rheubein(who I believe was recommended by someone from the Giants), the guy responsible for drafting Brady(or one of the 2 guys).
He looks good as a jet 
DELETE THIS NEPHEW
He looks very sad.
Somehow it looks right.
Unsubscribe 
This makes me upset and I have no idea why.
Please not the Jets. Maybe Browns or Jags. I could still cheer for him then.
You took it too far
Had to google Tom Brady just to make sure I hadn't fallen into horrible alternate Universe.
[Won't someone please think of the children] (http://giphy.com/gifs/season-7-the-simpsons-7x23-xT5LMBgq1ZDTMDntYc)
Cant believe that man would do that to the Vikings like that. 
you whore
Lets make it happen
Am I the only Pats fan whod be opposed to this? Guy annoys the hell out of me.
I like it. 
I just had a stroke 
Oh god. 
I hate both but OBJ dosent look bad in a dallas jersey
Watch your mouth
Not gonna lie he don't look bad in stars
I can't even find it in me to click this
This is the only thing worse than Odell on the Giants.
lmao OBJ, Dez, Witten, Beasely, and Zeke with Dak throwing them the ball + that O-line would be game over for the league.
What I learned from the comments off this comment: The Redskins don't exist.
You meant this https://cdn0.vox-cdn.com/thumbor/Uc8zkXzIITmWK2Nd8Gi1PjvVUO8=/0x116:829x669/920x613/filters:focal(0x116:829x669)/cdn3.vox-cdn.com/uploads/chorus_image/image/30030361/20121204_ter_bm1_412.0.0.png
Just imagine he could have had 2 rings if he stayed. Maybe 3 since the AFCCG was so close last year.
hehehehehehe
I don't know why I zoomed in. I knew exactly what was coming.
That was...expected. 
God damnit Donald!
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Charles_Woodson#Green_Bay_Packers_.282006.E2.80.932012.29
Pls photoshop him out of the division
He looks really weird in that pic and in that jersey. Like the Brady as Jet pic above looks fine to me, no big deal. But this is like borderline unsettling.
 I don't love it
NO
thought this was gunna be a falcons uni, im very relieved
Fucker
Lol. 
This is the wrongest one in the thread somehow.The Jets Brady and the Bears Rodgers are disturbing, but this is messed up on a deeper level. Because in essence it implies that somewhere along the way something horrible happened to Brady about 4/5 years ago and Peyton fucking Manning out of all the people on this planet was the one to come in and fill his shoes. It makes my whole body hurt.
Pls no
You can't fool me.  I know Garoppolo's sexy forearms when I see them.
This makes me want to throw up
I wanna puke 
This is just comical. 
[You went and did it](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QwM5KpoPPrg)
I have a special kind of hate for you
Certainly not what I'd expect, but you got me nonetheless.
So salty
Tammy Bridgeforder.
[No](https://media.giphy.com/media/12XMGIWtrHBl5e/200w.gif)
That facemask tho.
This doesn't bother me surprisingly. It maybe because I saw Tom in a Jets uniform and Peyton in a Pats uniform shortly before this. But this is surprisingly not that bad, so long as it got Fitz a ring. 
Brady instantly looks like an overbearing douchebag in that jersey for some reason. Is this how you guys have seen him for all these years?
Would be creepier if it was a colts jersey.
as much as i would vomit, he doesnt look horrible in that jersey
I'M COMIN' ELIZABETH. THIS IS THE BIG ONE.
What's the story behind this?
Does he have an extra chromosome or something?
And I thought [this](http://m.imgur.com/6uqm9?r) was weird.
Titans*
Did they make Wes a patriot?
These edits suck 
http://www.okiraqi.org/uploads/3/4/9/2/3492896/bulger_orig.jpg
Hey man you tried and that's all that anyone can ask of you
Way better than the one a few posts down. 
Raiders Jerseys are just fantastic TBH 
falcons legend Brett Favre actually.
I'd rather live in the world from *The Man in the High Castle* than in a world where Tom Brady is a beloved New York Jets icon with 5 rings, the Jets are the NFL's premier franchise, and Patriots fans sullenly grouse about how they *almost* traded for Belichick before Parcells and Belichick buried the hatchet over a bottle of bourbon.
I literally just dry heaved.  
Most convoluted comment in this thread right here
He looks good
You're a dirty, dirty whooore.
It's okay, if you look close you can see the hawks logo on the headband.
you mad bro ?
Would annoy you till he's on your team, but on second thought he has done some questionably dirty shit this year so I guess i can understand where you're coming from
Brad Marchand 
I would love it to be honest. The scenario: he starts to slow down and is traded to the Patriots when he is 31. Brady wins his 7th Super Bowl ring with him putting on an absolute shutdown performance in the big game and the two laugh together, true amigos, as they lift the Lombardi.They then ride off into the sunset and have dinner at each other's houses every Wednesday night for the rest of their lives.It'll be one of the more fascinating enemy-to-brothers in arms stories.
nah bro sherman + butler would be insane. 
(   )
Lol this is the one that got me
Anyone looks better when they aren't in a Giants jersey. 
Why didn't you use an actual photo of him in a Texans uniform?
He would not have made the roster this year.
Yes, however, given the way BB operates he would most likely have found himself unceremoniously traded for a conditional 5th round pick somewhere before the start of the season.
lol
he looks like he just spent fathers day with his dad
Me too. I was getting ready to let irrational hatred flow through me, but this isn't that bad.Then again, he's a Falcons fan so it's not surprising that he blew that opportunity.
Two birds, one stone.  I did it!!
Maybe it's a darker timelime where Brady never even gets drafted in the first place 
I never noticed how sexy they were until you said that right now.But yeah, that's definitely Jimmy's body - you can see it's a 0 on his right shoulder instead of an 8
Me too. 
Bradwater
He would be a great fit for your offence though. Cannon-armed mobile quarterbacks with no accuracy whatsoever is your strong suit.
now you know
I'd love for Brady to be behind the Colts Oline in 2015. Just for a couple of plays :)
Looks like he was shadowing as cam before they were playing the panthers 
No. An [*Arrogant American*](http://okiraqi.org/cliburn).
NY Jet Brady is the worst timeline, I'd rather be tortured by the Kempetai 
Hold on a minute, what's so bad about my jets? Very highly regarded franchise. Right? 
Give me some more time, I can surpass myself.
Still, if Belichick had stayed in New York and had brought in Rehbein, the idea of the Jets being the ones who bring in Brady doesn't seem completely crazy. Rehbein was a big believer in Brady.
Is it possible to learn this power?
He looks 
http://i.imgur.com/bvl8bD9.jpg
Exactly. Didn't mind talib, but I now I can't stand him. I hate sherm mouth, but respect his talent. I would gladly welcome him with open arms. 
What did he do this year?  I'm probably forgetting something but it felt like a quiet year for him.
Talib pissed me off as a patriot. Him being on the team makes no difference. I doubt Billichick would put up with him anyways.
No clue why this is downvoted. That sounds glorious.
Because that's not what this thread is?
http://i.imgur.com/dhMeAzK.gif
Well the Falcons are pretty good at blowing opportunities. 
But there were no birds involved here.  Just two teams in places abbreviated LA.  
Eh, our 2015 O-line was probably worse.
Operating at Maximum Shitpost since the SB, I see. Good job. 
He
how do you stop someone thats 4'2 its not fair, his center of gravity is too low. 
But.. but.. I'm a birdbro.  So, I guess two stones, one bird.  I'd also like to add:Drew Brees looked way dreamier in powder blue.  So take that you dirty NO fans!!!
H
Did you just assume his gender?Fuck I did it too.
Really brings out his eyes 
_
#
